Vincent van Gogh, Van Gogh's Starry Night Notebook|For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me want to dream.
Ian Somerhalder|The Futures Bright, Wear Your Sunglasses
Jay Danzie|Your smile is your logo, your personality is your business card, how you leave others feeling after having an experience with you becomes your trademark.
Felix Y. Siauw, Beyond The Inspiration|See beyond the eyes can see, believe beyond the inspiration!
Bob Ong, Macarthur|Mga bata pa kayo. Pag pinaniwalaan namin kayong hindi kayo naglaro ng tubig kahit na basang-basa ang mga damit ninyo, kayo ang niloloko namin. Hindi kayo ang nakakapanloko.
Ann Brashares, My Name Is Memory|A loving soul was always more beautiful over the long haul, but actual prettiness was fleeting.
Octavian Paler, Un om norocos|Există o limită a rezistenţei în fiecare. Când e atinsă, nu mai ai poftă să te justifici.
Michael Scott|Some stories wait their turn to be told, others just tap you on the shoulder and insist you tell them.
C. JoyBell C.|I believe in going with the flow. I don't believe in fighting against the flow. You ride on your river and you go with the tides and the flow. But it has to be your river, not someone else's. Everyone has their own river, and you don't need to swim,float,sail on their's, but you need to be in your own river and you need to go with it. And I don't believe in fighting the wind. You go and you fly with your wind. Let everyone else catch their own gusts of wind and let them fly with their own gusts of wind, and you go and you fly with yours.
Jack Layton|My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.
Roy T. Bennett|The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.
Roy T. Bennett|It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.
C. JoyBell C.|Why do we always begin to think about people when they die? I think we should think about people while they're still alive! That way, they can know that we're thinking about them! I always tell people when I'm thinking about them, or that I thought about them, or that I have been thinking about them and it almost always scares them away, but so what, I am practicing the art of life and if that is frightening to them then maybe they need to start living while they're still alive!
Roy T. Bennett|The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|A Warrior of Light values a child's eyes because they are able to look at the world without bitterness. When he wants to find out if the person beside him is worthy of his trust, he tries to see him as a child would
Michelle Geaney|Life will just not wait for us to live it:We are in it, now, and Now is the time to Live
C. JoyBell C.|Life is not compassionate towards victims. The trick is not to see yourself as one. It's never too late! I know I've felt like the victim in various situations in my life, but, it's never too late for me to realize that it's my responsibility to stand on victorious ground and know that whatever it is I'm experiencing or going through, those are just the clouds rolling by while I stand here on the top of this mountain! This mountain called Victory! The clouds will come and the clouds will go, but the truth is that I'm high up here on this mountaintop that reaches into the sky! I am a victor. I didn't climb up the mountain, I was born on top of it!
C. JoyBell C.|When I was in Piazza di Spagna, in Rome, I watched (along with others) how many locals came to drink water from the fountain there. The people beside me said to each other "Oh my goodness, how disgusting, people just drink water from anywhere," while the whole time, I was thinking "Oh my goodness, how wonderful, people can drink water from anywhere." We can be in the exact same place, looking at the exact same thing, but see that thing in a completely different way. You can go around the world, and go to all the beautiful places, but never be happy, because happiness is something that you bring inside of you, it is not where you are or what you are looking at, but it is how you are and how you look at.
Charles L. Whitfield, Boundaries and Relationships, Knowing, Protecting and Enjoying the Self|By choosing recovery and risking to be real, we set the healthy boundaries that say, "I am in charge of my recovery and my life, and no one else on this Earth is.
C. JoyBell C.|What if you could pick one day of your life, and everything would stop changing, every day would be similar and comparable to that one day, you'd always have the same people with you? If you could do that, would you do it? Would you pick that day and make that choice? We crave for things to stop changing, we wish that things would never change. But if we got what we wanted, there are so many things that are better, that we would never, ever know about. Sure, things would stay the same as that one wonderful day, but then there would be nothing else out there, ever. So can you remember the very first day when everything really did begin to change? Is there a thing that can remind you? Mine is a blue rose, and that's when everything began to change because that's the day I began to believe in things I never believed in before; the day I found three blue roses. Think about your first day of change, can you remember all the new heights you've soared since that day? All the new people? All the better things and times? Would you throw all of that time away? I wouldn't. Instead, I want to finally accept all the things that I couldn't change, which led to me being right here, right now. Maybe we all carry around inside us one day we wish we could keep forever, something we wished never did change. It's time to let go of that day, and soar.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|In the end, all men die. How you lived will be far more important to the Almighty than what you accomplished.
C. JoyBell C.|Anger is an essential part of being human. People are taught to deny themselves anger, and in this, they are actually opening themselves up to hate. The more you deny yourself the freedom to be angry, the more you will hate. Let yourself be angry, and hate will disintegrate, and when hate disintegrates, forgiveness prevails! The more you deny that you are angry, in attempts to be "holy" the more inhuman you will become, and the more inhuman you will become, the harder it will be to forgive.
Chris Wright|so here i sit. a sum of the parts. about a third way down this wonderful path, so to speak. and i've been thinking lately about a friendship that fell apart with time, with distance, and with the misunderstanding of youth. i'm trying not to confuse sadness with regret. not the easiest thing at times. i dont regret that certain things happened. i understand that perhaps i had a choice in the matter, or perhaps i believe in fate. probably not, but so far actions as small as the quickest glance to events as monumental as death have pushed me slowly along to right here, right now. there was no other way to get here. the meandering and erratic path was actually the straightest of lines. take away a handful of angry words, things once thought of as mistakes or regrets, and i'm suddenly a different person with a different history, a different future. that, i would regret. so here i sit. thinking about a person i once called my best friends. a man who might be full of sadness and regret, who might not give a damn, or who might, just might, remember the future and realize that's where its at.
Andrea Hirata, Padang Bulan|Orang-orang itu telah melupakan bahwa belajar tidaklah melulu untuk mengejar dan membuktikan sesuatu, namun belajar itu sendiri, adalah perayaan dan penghargaan pada diri sendiri. (hlm. 197)
Jonathan Franzen, The Corrections|Fiction is a solution, the best solution, to the problem of existential solitude.
Danielle Steel, Five Days in Paris|Never lose hope, and if you can, find the courage to love again.
Jennifer O'Neill, Inspirational Quotes|One of the biggest favors that you can do for yourself is to accept your loved ones for who they are, and not be constantly disappointed because they are not who you think they should be.
C. JoyBell C.|It's not very easy to grow up into a woman. We are always taught, almost bombarded, with ideals of what we should be at every age in our lives: "This is what you should wear at age twenty", "That is what you must act like at age twenty-five", "This is what you should be doing when you are seventeen." But amidst all the many voices that bark all these orders and set all of these ideals for girls today, there lacks the voice of assurance. There is no comfort and assurance. I want to be able to say, that there are four things admirable for a woman to be, at any age! Whether you are four or forty-four or nineteen! It's always wonderful to be elegant, it's always fashionable to have grace, it's always glamorous to be brave, and it's always important to own a delectable perfume! Yes, wearing a beautiful fragrance is in style at any age!
C. JoyBell C.|How could you love us being together?" he asked me "We are nothing alike and we are not meant for each other and we drive each other crazy, you love that? How can you love that?" So I told him "I know that we're not meant for each other, that we drive each other crazy, and that we are so different. But that's us. That's what we have; a wild nonsense. We are not good together, but together we are bad for each other. I love us together this way just like this. Because even if it's no good, it's what we have! It's us.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|You can take my life, but you'll never break me. So bring me your worst...And I will definitely give you mine.
C. JoyBell C.|I don't have a diary, I don't write things into a diary. I imprint myself into the sky and when the sunlight shines brightly, I can stand under the sun's rays and everything I have imprinted of myself into the sky, I will begin to see again, feel again, remember. And when the wind begins to blow, it blows the details over my face, and I remember everything I left in the sky and see new things being born. I am unwritten.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|His life was gentle; and the elementsSo mixed in him, that Nature might stand upAnd say to all the world, THIS WAS A MAN!
C. JoyBell C.|The problem about cutting out the best of your heart and giving it to people, is that 1. It hurts to do that; and 2. You never know if they are going to throw it away or not. But then you should still do it. Because any other way is cowardice. At the end of the day, it's about being brave and we are only haunted by the ghosts that we trap within ourselves; we are not haunted by the ghosts that we let out. We are haunted by the ghosts that we cover and hide. So you let those ghosts out in that best piece of your heart that you give to someone. And if the other person throws it away? Or doesn't want it to begin with? Someone else will come along one day, cut out from his/her heart that exact same jagged shape that you cut out of your own heart, and make their piece of heart fit into the rest of yours. Wait for that person. And you can fill their missing piece with your soul.
C. JoyBell C.|I tell people not to be afraid of their fears; because their fears are not there to scare them, they're there to let them know that something is worth it. Yet I am often afraid. I guess that means in my life, lots of things have been worth it!
C. JoyBell C.|I think that if you have a horse, pegasus, qilin, or unicorn, you should sit on it! You should stroke its hair, whisper in its ear, be one with it! And you shouldn't feel sorry if other people don't have one.
Roy T. Bennett|When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.
Johnathan Jena|Beauty exists not in what is seen and remembered, but in what is felt and never forgotten.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Accept yourself: flaws, quirks, talents, secret thoughts, all of it, and experience true liberation.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton|To find what you seek in the road of life, the best proverb of all is that which says:"Leave no stone unturned.
C. JoyBell C.|I swear, the best things come to me by accident! Or should I say, effortless destiny?
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|Why does a human body become deceased?The reason is that as long as the human body is not free from suffering, mind cannot be happy. If a man lacks enthusiasm, either his body or mind is in a deceased condition.... Now what saps the enthusiasm in man? If there is no enthusiasm, life becomes drudgery - a mere burden to be dragged. Nothing can be achieved if there is no enthusiasm. The main reason for this lack of enthusiasm on the part of a man is that an individual looses the hope of getting an opportunity to elevate himself. Hopelessness leads to lack of enthusiasm. The mind in such cases becomes deceased.... When is enthusiasm created? When one breaths an atmosphere where one is sure of getting the legitimate reward for one's labor, only then one feels enriched by enthusiasm and inspiration.
C. JoyBell C.|The majority of people have successfully alienated themselves from change; they tediously arrange their lives into a familiar pattern, they give themselves to normalcy, they are proud if they are able to follow in auspicious footsteps set before them, they take pride in always coloring inside the lines and they feel secure if they belong to a batch of others who are like them. Now, if familiar patterns bore you, if normalcy passes before you unnoticed, if you want to create your own footsteps in the earth and leave your own handprints on the skies, if you are the one who doesn't mind the lines in the coloring book as much as others do, and perchance you do not cling to a flock for you to identify with, then you must be ready for adversity. If you are something extraordinary, you are going to always shock others and while they go about existing in their mundaneness which they call success, you're going to be flying around crazy in their skies and that scares them. People are afraid of change, afraid of being different, afraid of doing things and thinking things that aren't a part of their checkerboard game of a life. They only know the pieces and the moves in their games, and that's it. You're always going to find them in the place that you think you're going to find them in, and every time they think about you, you're going to give them a heart attack.
C. JoyBell C.|I don't look for love. Love looks for me." "Why?" "Because it needs me. Because I'm not afraid of it.
C. JoyBell C.|There is a relationship between the eye contacts we make and the perceptions that we create in our heads, a relationship between the sound of another's voice and the emotions that we feel in our hearts, a relationship between our movements in space all around us and the magnetic pulls we can create between others and ourselves. All of these things (and more) make up the magic of every ordinary day and if we are able to live in this magic, to feel and to dwell in it, we will find ourselves living with magic every day. These are the white spaces in life, the spaces in between the written lines, the cracks in which the sunlight filters into. Some of us swim in the overflowing of the wine glass of life, we stand and blink our eyes in the sunlight reaching unseen places, we know where to find the white spaces, we live in magic.
Abraham Lincoln|Let no feeling of discouragement preyupon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed.
C. JoyBell C.|It’s the hard things that break; soft things don’t break. It was an epiphany I had today and I just wonder why it took me so very, very long to see it! You can waste so many years of your life trying to become something hard in order not to break; but it’s the soft things that can’t break! The hard things are the ones that shatter into a million pieces!
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.
Richard Bandler|If you can't enjoy what you have, you can't enjoy more of it.
Golda Poretsky|I’m not saying that you should deny the difficult events of your life. But the fact that you survived is also a wonderful story to tell. And that story, the story of the way you came through a difficult situation, found resources within yourself or outside of yourself, gleaned from that experience what you wanted and what you didn’t want going forward — that is a story that can inspire you and others to heal and grow.
Patricia Briggs, River Marked|I suppose we must work on being gracious and grateful until we can do for ourselves. Someday the wheel of fate will put us in a position to be of use to them, and we will remember how much easier it is to give help than it is to accept it.
C. JoyBell C.|I am a broken person. And I know exactly where my cracks are and how deep they run. I don't pretend to not be a broken person and therein lies the big difference. Because the truth is, we are all broken in places, but it is those who know exactly where and how they are broken, who also know exactly where and how they are whole! And we may not be whole in all places and in all ways, but we take whatever wholeness that we do have, and we make good of it. And we try hard to work on the broken parts, and we ask for help when we need it.
C. JoyBell C.|The thing about learning how to fight is that— some of us are not born with that desire. They say some are born fighters; but they don't usually point out that others just aren't. Some of us are forced by life to take up arms and fight. Many of us are. The art lies in knowing when to wield those arms and when to put them down. I don't think it's a matter of pretending to be ideally unharmed by life and untouched by darkness; because that is hypocrisy. Rather, I think it is a matter of being true to your truth and learning when to fight and learning when to be soft. Hopefully, our soft moments in life will largely outweigh, outrank, and outrun our fighting.
Thomas S. Monson|The storm stops at the door. Love reigns, peace dwells.
C. JoyBell C.|I just believe that us as women— should not criticize nor pull down other women. And why? Because we’re all just trying our best to be beautiful! We all just want to be loved, we want to be beautiful, we’re all trying to leave our own legacy! The good news is that the universe is unending and that means there is enough space for each woman on earth to leave her own mark and to be her own legacy. To be her own kind of beautiful. So why spend even a second on trying to take away from another woman? Trying to steal, trying to criticize, trying to oppress? There is enough space for every woman and every kind of beautiful, in this vast cosmos! When you waste any amount of time trying to take what is another’s— you are wasting your huge chunk of a galaxy that’s already been given to you!
Maria Robinson, From Birth to One|Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending." i love it so much
Michelle Sutton, Never Without Hope|Well if God wanted a broken spirit out of me, He would get Hiswish. At this point in my life the only thing I could do was look up.
Roy  Bennett|There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.
Tahir M Khan|Bring up the past only if it will help to build the future, otherwise its best to be left to sleep
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|You are beautiful, but you are empty. One could not die for you. To be sure, an ordinary passerby would think that my rose looked just like you --- the rose that belongs to me. But in herself alone she is more important than all the hundreds of you other roses: because it is she that I have watered; because it is she that I have put under the glass globe; because it is she that I have sheltered behind the screen; because it is for her that I have killed the caterpillars; because it is she that I have listened to, when she grumbled, or bloated, or even sometimes when she said nothing. Because she is my rose.
Wendy Mass, Every Soul a Star|Whereever you end up;" Jack whispered into my ear."I wish you clear skies. Always
Enrique Jardiel Poncela|When something can be read without effort, great effort has gone into its writing.
C. JoyBell C.|It dawns on you one day... how precious your life is and how not okay it is for anyone, ever, to cause you any amount of suffering, ever. Then the next time you step out the door you look at everyone and you’re thinking, “My life is precious and you’re not allowed to hurt me.
Tao Lin, Eeeee Eee Eeee|There was an enjoyment to being alive, he felt, that because of an underlying meaninglessness–like how a person alone for too long cannot feel comfortable when with others; cannot neglect that underlying the feeling of belongingness is the certainty, really, of loneliness, and nothingness, and so experiences life in that hurried, worthless way one experiences a mistake–he could no longer get at.
Randolph J. Rogers, The Key of Life; A Metaphysical Investigation|I have found that the only consolation is never regretting anything that you do. Never look back, always look forward and continue moving along with a confidence that everything you’re doing and everything you’ve done is the way it’s supposed to be.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|As long as you do things for God, you are a Hall of Famer in heaven's list.
Gregory J. Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart: The Power of Boundless Compassion|Compassion isn't just about feeling the pain of others; it's about bringing them in toward yourself. If we love what God loves, then, in compassion, margins get erased. 'Be compassionate as God is compassionate,' means the dismantling of barriers that exclude.
Roy T. Bennett|Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.
Mark W. Boyer|It matters not how fast light may travel, darkness shall always be there awaiting its arrival.
Karen Salmansohn|At your absolute best, you still won't be good enough for the wrong person. At your worst, you'll still be worth it to the right person.
Roy  Bennett|Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.
Lailah Gifty Akita|New day, new hopes, new life!!
Laurent Gounelle, L'homme qui voulait être heureux|Plus on évolue dans sa vie, plus on se débarrasse des croyances quinous limitent, et plus on a de choix. Et le choix, c'est la liberté.
C. JoyBell C.|I am not a little bit of many things; but I am the sufficient representation of many things. I am not an incompletion of all these races; but I am a masterpiece of the prolific. I am an entirety, I am not a lack of anything; rather I am a whole of many things. God did not see it needful to make me generic. He thinks I am better than that.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that the best kind of change, is the change that comes from the inside and begins it's way out until it emerges on the outside; a change that is born underneath then continues and spreads until it has reached the surface. That's a true change. A powerful change. And I have found that while we are emerging, changing into something glorious; it is actually us becoming who we really are. A water lily is born underneath the water, inside the soil at the bottom of the river or lake. And the water lily has always been a water lily for that whole time that it was sprouting out of the wet soil, reaching up through the dark water towards the sunlight, stretching and grasping for the surface; where it then buds and blooms on the outside in the sunshine. It doesn't bud and bloom on the surface and then try to reach down below into the soil.
Gloria E. Anzaldúa|A woman who writes has power, and a woman with power is feared.
Anaïs Nin|One discovers that destiny can be diverted, that one does not have to remain in bondage to the first wax imprint made on childhood sensibilities. Once the deforming mirror has been smashed, there is a possibility of wholeness. There is a possibility of joy.
C. JoyBell C.|There is something simply beautiful and simply innocent, in being human. It is just so innocent and beautiful. I love it.
|A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
C. JoyBell C.|We doubt in others, what is in fact in ourselves. The skeletons in your own closet are the things that scare you the most about others; people who come from a background of lying are suspicious of lying in others and so on and so forth. The most trusting of people, are not people who have never been betrayed or who have never felt pain; but the most trusting of people are those who in themselves do not find those things worthy of that blame. We see the world through the eyes of the condition of our own souls.
Nirav Sanchaniya|I Am In Love With Myself, With My Heart.
Erin Hanson|Why must it be so hard For us to come to understand,That there are things we cannot changeHidden amongst the things we can?For we can rearrange our hearts,Dust out the corners of our minds,We can teach our eyes to seeOnly the things we wish to find.Yet once we decorate our wallsAnd sweep our sorrows off the floor,Why do we look to someone else,To show us how we can be more?For here is where the line Between our can and can't gets tough,Just the point at which we all must learnThat we are already enough,That since we cannot choose the home,Our only soul was born into,We should rearrange its roomsBut learn to love its window's view.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Share, care, hug like a bear.
Amy Leigh Mercree|I'd rather be interesting, original, & unique then follow the pack. Revel in who you truly are & be liberated!
Sahndra Fon Dufe|Whatever you are looking for is also looking for you. You see, don't only look. Be available and ready when it shows up
Amy Leigh Mercree|Create your best life with your consciously chosen thoughts, words, and actions.
Hazrat Ali ibn Abu-Talib|Generosity is to help a deserving person without his request, and if you help him after hisrequest, then it is either out of self-respect or to avoid rebuke.
Richard Branson, Losing My Virginity: How I've Survived, Had Fun, and Made a Fortune Doing Business My Way|to be successful, you have to be out there, you have to hit the ground running
C. JoyBell C.|The most adventurous journey to embark on; is the journey to yourself, the most exciting thing to discover; is who you really are, the most treasured pieces that you can find; are all the pieces of you, the most special portrait you can recognize; is the portrait of your soul.
Roy T. Bennett|The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.
C. JoyBell C.|‎"What does it mean if you tried to get somewhere, and you didn't?" "Like what?" "Like if you were trying to get somewhere, but you couldn't find it? Does that mean something bad?" "No. It doesn't mean something bad. It just means you have a second chance to do it. And two chances is always better than just one.
C. JoyBell C.|Thus is the nature of love: that you must use it! A love unused is not love! If it is something that sits on the shelf that you don't know what to do with, it is not true to the nature of love! Use love!
C. JoyBell C.|A lot of pieces I have written have to do with courage. As a result, people think that I am naturally brave. But what people don't know, is that I grew up with phobias and many fears. I was scared of everything. So, I write of courage not because I have not known fear, but I write of courage because I have walked with fear but I have made the choice not to fear it.
Michael J. Fox|When life takes away, something of greater value is always given in return.
C. JoyBell C.|If you follow the ancient maps written on the stars, no person will ever understand you. So if you could read these maps, would you follow them? And forever be misunderstood? Or would you close your eyes tightly and pretend to be like everyone else?
James Dashner|Just go with it', he thought. 'You won't figure out anything if you give in to fear'.
Deborah Brodie|Seeing a miracle will inspire you, but knowing you are a miracle will change you.
David Gemmell, Lord of the Silver Bow|Fear is an aid to the warrior. It is a small fire burning. It heats the muscles, making us stronger. Panic comes when the fire is out of control, consuming all courage and pride.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Love yourself, even a little bit each day, and your life will bloom into infinite joy.
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|Into the silence rips a sound that makes me let go of Max's hand and cover my ears. It is like the strafe of a bullet, nails on a chalkboard, promises being broken. It's a note I have never heard - this chord of pure pain - and it takes a moment to realize it is coming from me.
Hazrat Ali ibn Abu-Talib|So long as fortune is favouring you, your defects will remain covered.
Sudha Murty|We can give our children only two things in life which are essential. Strong roots and powerful wings. Then they may fly anywhere and live independently. Of all the luxuries in life, the greatest luxury is getting freedom of the right kind.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|Each moment, each person, is sacred and worthy of respect- especially you.
C. JoyBell C.|Yesterday I was sad, today I am happy! Yesterday I had a problem, today I still have the same problem! But today I changed the way I look at it!
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|At the end of the day, it's not about what you have or even what you've accomplished. It's about what you've done with those accomplishments. Its about who you've lifted up, who you've made better. It about what you've given back" (23).
C. JoyBell C.|It's like I am inside this ethereal sphere wherein exists no logic, no reasoning, no typicality, no explanations, no realism, no comparisons, nothing ordinary, and no normalcy. And then if you are to understand me, you have to step into my realm and leave all of those things behind. I'm not typical. I'm not ordinary. And I'm not normal. And I never will be ‎. So I don't see the point of waking up in the morning and wishing to be so.
C. JoyBell C.|Some people say they will not believe in anything they can't see. What a catastrophe to not have any faith at all! You live only less than a half of life, if you will only believe in the things that you can see. Life is lived by those who have much faith and believe in many unseen things. If you believe in nothing that you cannot see, think about how much there is that you choose to turn your face away from! You can't see your soul and you cannot prove that it exists, therefore if you call yourself one who believes in nothing unseen, then you will forever deny your soul its existence, for the existence of the soul dwells in love, trust, anger, passion, faith, belief, strength; the soul is forever nourished by things that are unseen! And so we have too many empty bodies walking around! Bodies with souls inside that are half-dead and dying.
C. JoyBell C.|If you wait for a cake to be given to you so you will be happy- then you will be happy when someone gives you a cake. But if you buy a cake (or bake one) for yourself so you will be happy, you have found the way of happiness.
William S. Burroughs|Cheat your landlord if you can and must, but do not try to shortchange the Muse. It cannot be done. You can't fake quality any more than you can fake a good meal.
Heather Cochran, The Return of Jonah Gray|Repotting a plant gives it space to grow. Repotting ourselves means taking leave of our everyday environments and walking into unfamiliar territory—of the heart, of the mind and of the spirit. It isn’t easy. The older we get, the more likely we are to have remained in the same place for some time. We stay because it’s secure. We know the boundaries and, inside of them, we feel safe. Our roots cling to the walls we have long known. But remaining inside can keep us from thriving. Indeed, without new experiences or ideas, we slowly grow more and more tightly bound, eventually turning into less vibrant versions of who we might have been.Repotting means accepting that the way is forward, not back. It means realizing that we won’t again fit into our old shells. But that’s not failure. That’s living.
Suzanne Elizabeth Anderson, Waiting with God|God used my year of waiting not to frustrate me, or abandon me, but to draw me into a closer relationship with Him.
Chriscinthia Blount|When God throws something your way, catch it!
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|It is not courage that makes us speak the truth, but it is a hunger for truth that makes us courageous
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Oh, monsters are scared', said Lettie. 'And as for grown-ups...' She stopped talking, rubbed her freckled nose with a finger. Then, 'I'm going to tell you something important. Grown-ups don't look like grown-ups on the inside either. Outside, they're big and thoughtless and they always know what they're doing. Inside, they look just like they always have. Like they did when they were your age. The truth is, there aren't any grown-ups. Not one, in the whole wide world.'...We sat there, side by side, on the old wooden bench, not saying anything. I thought about adults. I wondered if that was true: if they were all really children wrapped in adult bodies, like children's books hidden in the middle of dull, long books. The kind with no pictures or conversations.
C. JoyBell C.|Flowers that are offered for the dead, do not know the difference of where their beauty will be placed, they do not say, "This is not a palace" or "This is not a garden"; they just are. They are just beautiful, without giving regards to whether they are placed on a grave or in a castle. Flowers are just beautiful, whether they grow by the wayside or in a manicured garden. If we were all like flowers, then we would all be beautiful, with no regards to why or how. We just are. We are just beautiful.
C.Michelle Gonzalez, A Journey in to Divine Love: Live, Laugh, Love, Meditate|When there is nothing left to give somone in need, we give them what we do have. We give them Divine Love, faith, and friendship. This is always enough to see anyone through anything. This, my friends, is how we save the world. (pg.99 of A Journey In to Divine Love)
C. JoyBell C.|I know from the bottom of my heart and with all of it, that it doesn't matter if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the rest of the world and it doesn't matter if everyone in the world remembers you as wonderful; but what matters is if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the handful of people who are around you, that you gave the wonderful in you, to the people you love and who love you. Happiness never has and never will come from fame.
Mary Baker Eddy, Poems by Mary Baker Eddy|When angels visit us, we do not hear the rustle of wings, nor feel the feathery touch of the breast of a dove; but we know their presence by the love they create in our hearts.
C. JoyBell C.|The coward says in his heart “There is no love.” Because, standing in the shadows of the big, grand, and powerful existence of love, his small spirit is left feeling even smaller and less significant. And so he chooses to deny the existence of love altogether. Because he is too small to have it.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|If two people are meant for one another, that doesn't mean that they have to rush and be together right away. Real love takes time to grow, just like how it takes time to grow from children to adults.
Robert Muller|To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness
Odille Rault, Beyond the Magic Pill: A Collection of the Insights of Illusions|Darkness cannot survive in light, but a light can shine in the dark!
Kevin Ngo, Let's Do This! 100 Powerful Messages to Help You Take Action|If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.
L.A. Jones|If everyone could be a successful and rich author, there would be no point in working so hard. Where is the fun in that?
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|If there is a God and future life, there is truth and good, and man's highest happiness consists in striving to attain them. We must live, we must love, and we must believe that we live not only today on this scrap of earth, but have lived and shall live
Paulo Coelho, The Fifth Mountain|Where are they written?" "In the world around us. Merely be attentive to what happens in your life, and you will discover where, every moment of the day, He hides His words and His will. Seek to do as He asks: this alone is the reason you are in the world." "If I discover it, I'll write it on clay tablets.""Do so. But write them, above all, in your heart; there they can neither burned nor destroyed, and you will take them wherever you go.
Roy  Bennett|Live a good life. More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.
Amy Leigh Mercree|A #loveselfie isn't a picture or a status update. It's an attitude of embracing, accepting, and valuing yourself, exactly as you are in each moment. It's being one hundred percent present with yourself. Try it.
C. JoyBell C.|Empathy is the ability to step outside of your own bubble and into the bubbles of other people. Empathy is the ability that allows us to be useful creatures on this planet; without empathy, we are a waste of oxygen in this world. Without empathy, we are lower than animals. Empathy is the ability that allows us the perception of things around us, outside of ourselves; so a person without empathy is a limited human being, someone who will only live half of a life.
Maria Magdalena|when you have no spirit to seize the day, find it behind the music, between the flowing leaves, beneath the sun rays, and just within yourself. Talk to yourself, be the best friend for yourself, and do not hesitate to ask God help
April Cofield Essix, From Crack to Christ: A Witness|We may have done what the devil said we did, but we are NOT who the devil says we are!
Roy  Bennett|Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.
C. JoyBell C.|Always remember that the most valuable thing that you can do in this world, is to live a life of love. Love truly those who were given you to be loved. Love truly the gifts you were given in life, as well as your ability to live and share those gifts. Even if the only people who remember your name, are the five people you have loved and who have loved you in this life, that makes you no less important than the person who is recognised by every individual in this world! In seeking to change the world out there that you live in, do make sure that you are not changing it in order to make it become more like you; rather, live to change yourself, to know yourself, to grow and to become. This is the highest reach of man. The downfall of world-changers in this day and age, is that those who wish to change the world, only wish to influence the world of their own beliefs, choices, and opinions. But this is not how the world is changed. This planet is changed, only when we heal and grow and know the worlds within ourselves. Because it is in the healing of worlds unique and innumerable, that this one we share will find her hope. The only person who needs to know you, is you. And then the people who are given to you to love, who love you truly in return. — The Conversation of Venusta
C. JoyBell C.|If people are going to be allowed to say "we love you" and "I love you", they'd better have the backbone to prove it. Love isn't just a word.
Erin Bow|No writing is wasted. Did you know that sourdough from San Francisco is leavened partly by a bacteria called lactobacillus sanfrancisensis? It is native to the soil there, and does not do well elsewhere. But any kitchen can become an ecosystem. If you bake a lot, your kitchen will become a happy home to wild yeasts, and all your bread will taste better. Even a failed loaf is not wasted. Likewise, cheese makers wash the dairy floor with whey. Tomato gardeners compost with rotten tomatoes. No writing is wasted: the words you can't put in your book can wash the floor, live in the soil, lurk around in the air. They will make the next words better.
C. JoyBell C.|Our key to greatness lies not in our ability to project ourselves to others as if we are putting ourselves onto a projector and creating an image of ourselves on a projector screen. Rather, our key to greatness lies in who we are which we can give to other people in a way that when they walk away from us, they are able to say in their hearts that they have taken away something with them quite extraordinary.
C. JoyBell C.|Living is about capturing the essence of things. I go through my life every day with a vial, a vial wherein can be found precious essential oils of every kind! The priceless, fragrant oils that are the essence of my experiences, my thoughts. I walk inside a different realm from everybody else, in that I am existing in the essence of things; every time there is reason to smile, I hold out my glass vial and capture that drop of oil, that essence, and then I smile. And that is why I have smiled, and so you and I may be smiling at the same time but I am smiling because of that one drop of cherished, treasured oil that I have extracted. When I write, I find no need to memorize an idea, a plot, a sequence of things: no. I must only capture the essence of a feeling or a thought and once I have inhaled that aroma, I know that I have what I need.
Victoria Addino|Don't step backward toward nothing, step forward toward something, better awkward steps forward, than coward steps backward.
Randy Alcorn, Deadline|Am I getting braver, or just getting accustomed to being terrified?
C. JoyBell C.|I looked long and hard for the paper roses! I found the reddest red ribbon, and a little golden card! We were all there together, many of us, in the same place; but I was the only one who found the paper roses, the only one who chose the reddest red ribbon, and the only one who topped off with a golden card. And so I learned that if people are unhappy, it is only because they don't know how to look for the paper roses, they don't see the reddest red ribbon, and they don't like the little golden cards. We are all in the same wrap-shoppe in this life. But we are different. Because some of us are looking for the paper roses, choosing the reddest red ribbon, and picking up the little golden cards.
David Gemmell|We make choices every day, some of them good, some of them bad. And if we are strong enough, we live with the consequences.
Erika Johansen, The Invasion of the Tearling|Anger was the indulgence of a child, not a queen.
Homer, The Odyssey|Take courage, my heart: you have been through worse than this. Be strong, saith my heart; I am a soldier; I have seen worse sights than this.
Ramdhari Singh 'Dinkar', रश्मिरथी|वसुधा का नेता कौन हुआ?भूखंड-विजेता कौन हुआ?अतुलित यश-क्रेता कौन हुआ?नव-धर्म-प्रणेता कौन हुआ?जिसने न कभी आराम किया,विघ्नों में रहकर नाम किया
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The elimination diet:Remove anger, regret, resentment, guilt, blame, and worry.Then watch your health, and life, improve.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Every single person is sacred. Sacred means special, precious, a treasure of true beauty. That means you.
Penelope Douglas, Rival|But we were different now. I wanted only his pain, and judging from the girl he’d come home with last night, Madoc was still the same. A user.
Kaori Yuki, Angel Sanctuary, Vol. 20|You're the insane one. You don't even love the world you created. So how can you expect us to love and respect you?An endless repetition of natural destruction and stupid, meaningless wars. Because we don't understand it, we have no way to stop it.We may be stupid and not know what to do... But we fight to move forward towards that which we think is right. Not just sticking to the arbitrary boundaries you created.We make lots of mistakes, and get hurt... But we keep believing in miracles. Looking for a truth we can't yet see.We do it our own way. Because we believe our lives mean something.
Roy  Bennett|Every challenge, every adversity, contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.
C. JoyBell C.|It's not the law of religion nor the principles of morality that define our highways and pathways to God; only by the Grace of God are we led and drawn, to God. It is His grace that conquers a multitude of flaws and in that grace, there is only favor. Favor is not achieved; favor is received.
Louisa May Alcott|Marmee: Oh, Jo. Jo, you have so many extraordinary gifts; how can you expect to lead an ordinary life? You’re ready to go out and – and find a good use for your talent. Tho’ I don’t know what I shall do without my Jo. Go, and embrace your liberty. And see what wonderful things come of it.
C. JoyBell C.|God is colourblind. But we are not God. God does not need to see colour and difference. God is far bigger than all of that. We are human. We are destined to grow and learn from each other and with each other and there is no growing, there is no learning, there is no wonder and no majesty in life if we were like God. We were meant to see colour and difference.To deny these is to lack respect. To blind ourselves to these is to fool one another. To shun these is to deny ourselves growth and knowledge.
Charlaine Harris|You think that it’s not magic that keeps you alive? Just ‘cause you understand the mechanics of how something works, doesn’t make it any less of a miracle. Which is just another word for magic. We’re all kept alive by magic, Sookie. My magic’s just a little different from yours, that’s all.
Robert Masello, Blood and Ice|Regardless of how black the page, he had always managed to turn it and move on to a new chapter in his life.
Udai Yadla|When you treat your failures as lessons, you can never fail.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Be real, rare, refreshing you! Fan the flames of self love and ignite your light!
Thomas F. Shubnell|If you seek happiness, look in the mirror. If you seek love, look elsewhere.
Udai Yadla, A Walk in the Rain|Everything in this world happens with a purpose. You are born in this world with a purpose, you are chosen by purpose.
Udai Yadla|When it's possible for you to dream, it's not impossible to achieve.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Breathtaking, splendid, wondrous, sublime, all those words describe you, exactly as you are. You are a work of art! Enjoy your beauty!
Roy  Bennett|Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.
C. JoyBell C.|If Cinderella were given a single shining epiphany (instead of a fairy godmother), she would have realized: "This is my father's house. This is my father's estate. I am the rightful heiress to everything here!" then she would have said: "Get off of my property, take nothing with you, and never show your faces to me again! You ugly, bitter, insecure, envious witches!" And I'm sure she would have been happier, sooner!
C. JoyBell C., Saint Paul Trois Chateaux: 1948|It was him, it was always him, they only needed to stand there with their feet buried into the muddy moss and look at each other; to feel each other. Time stopped, movement disappeared and it was both the beginning of everything and the end of everything else. They had each other and there was no name, no title to it other than they just had each other. There was no necessity to be practical, what they had and what they were, was of their own and in their own and I think nothing in the world could have made Lucy happier than to have what they had, to be what they were.
C. JoyBell C.|If we come from the water, I conclude that we come from different kinds of it. I will meet a person and in his eyes see an ocean, deep and never ending; then I will meet another person and feel as though I have stepped into a shallow puddle on the street, there is nothing in it. Or maybe some of us come from the water, and some of us come from somewhere else; then it's all a matter of finding those who are the same as us.
C. JoyBell C.|Where are you?" he asked. "I'm right here" she said. "I know, but it feels like one percent of you is somewhere else, where is that one percent?" he said. "I don't know....I think I'm always like that..." she answered. "I like that." "You do?" "Yes, because that way, I have to always look for the one percent to find it.
Joanne Crisner, Brightest|Long before we even lose our lives, we lose our souls. Tragic but true. Some carry on—willing to make the sacrifices, putting what is perceived as important before anything else. Some tread into the dark—wasting moments of grace, letting themselves suffer from their own decisions or the other’s domination. Some continue to love, give too much, and not leave even a little love for themselves.
C. JoyBell C.|Many things that don't really mean so much of anything, are wonderful.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Life doesn´t come with any guarantees. You have to risk it to get the biscuit." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -
John R. Gouin|There are many rivers that we cross in our lifetime, unfortunately some of those rivers just don't have bridges.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|The thing about life is, you’ve got to somehow make it through the day. Don’t wait for the beautiful evening. Go on with your life. Of course, the beautiful evening will come. In fact, she’s on her way. And she’s coming to you as fast as she can. And dude, she’s beautiful.
Molly Friedenfeld|When your footsteps and thoughts carry you down the same path your heart and soul are directing you, you will know without a doubt that you are headed in the right direction.
Joshua Hartzell|Failure is when you give up. A real winner is someone that doesn't give up, even when it feels like they are losing.
J. Conrad Guest, January's Paradigm|Love is not a forest fire that burns intensely,hotly and out of control for a brief moment until,its expendable fuel spent,it sputters,seeking in vain for something else to consume,to sustain itself before, finally,it dies:cold, black ash the only evidence of its passing.Love is, instead, a campfire:it provides ample heat and comfortto the twosome who sit before it,and although its flames may at times wane,a well-tended campfire’s embers can be nurtured and fanneduntil the flames once again dance brightly and cheerfully,providing comfort to the couple who cherish the gentle warmth it ministers.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Treat yourself today! You are a unique, sparkling, spectacular soul. Celebrate you!
C. JoyBell C.|Here is a universal law: that when it comes to negative and positive, you will always thrive more powerfully in the positive if you have first been immersed in, and have heroically overcome, the polar opposite negative of that thing. To abide in the positive existence of something, without having known and overcome it’s polar opposite— that is to be only a frame of the real structure. Easily toppled down and taken apart. True power is in the hands of the one who thrives in the positive, after having known and conquered the negative. Because when the demons come along, she will say to those demons: “I know you, I have owned you, but now you bow down to me.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Choose joyful abundance in your heart and be unbounded, free, and relaxed. Be relentless with your choice and you’ll make your mark.
Philen Naidu, My Life My Africa|Every man reaches his destination, if he just keeps walking
John Updike|Being able to write becomes a kind of shield, a way of hiding, a way of too instantly transforming pain into honey.
Jennifer Van Allen, The Runner's World Big Book of Running for Beginners: Lose Weight, Get Fit, and Have Fun!|There will be haters, there will be doubters, there will be non-believers, and then there will be you proving them wrong.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Dawn and Rescue|You can capture this body of mine, take away my freedom and enslave me. You may even have the power to capture my soul and sentence me to the realm of eternal darkness. But my dreams you cannot touch. They are my will―the very essence of who I am. In them I laugh. In them I cry. In them I love. And in them.....I live.My dreams are untouchable and unceasing.
E.M.Bounds|Pray for "all men." We usually pray more for things than we do for men. Our prayers should be thrown across their pathway as they rush in their downward course to a lost eternity.
C. JoyBell C.|I see myself as a Scottish sky: there are rain clouds, rainbows and sunrays that run and overtake one another, mingle together and dance with each other! You see all of this within seconds of looking up! It’s a living sky, it breathes and it’s real! And I think that when you look at me, you’ll see my rain clouds first, because only after rainclouds can there come the rainbows. You see, if the rainbows come first, then the rainbows aren’t even real, so I think that if people deserve to see my real rainbows, then they will just know that they need to stick around through the rain! Like a Scottish sky, I want to be real and breathing and running. I don’t want to be a clear blue all the time, or a dark grey all the time or have fake rainbows painted onto me; I want to be Scottish.
Roy  Bennett|If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.
Amy Leigh Mercree|A circle's unity and never ending smoothness is how we can aim to feel inside. Smooth, gentle, accepted, no rough edges, only love for all parts of our selves.
Amy Leigh Mercree|A kind thought, word, or action creates infinite ripples of caring, consideration, and peace.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Caring is what matters, not stuff or status, just people sharing kindness & joy in a web of the heart that spans the globe.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Focus your heart, mind, and soul on joy and you'll find ultimate success and fulfillment.
Roy  Bennett|Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, doing as you say you would do.
Louise L. Hay|No matter where we live on the planet or how difficult our situation seems to be, we have the ability to overcome and transcend our circumstances.
C. JoyBell C.|We must not be defined by what we do, but we must be what and who we are, then only happen to do what we do!
C. JoyBell C.|Friendship is so important. The goal of a good friendship should be for life! To keep it for life! If you find a friendship, and it gives you a joy inside, a peace, and a freedom; keep that friendship for life. Through it all, you stay together. So many friendships are toxic, but the good ones are really good! I always tell my son this, I always say, a friend is for life!
James     Baldwin|The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.
C. JoyBell C.|Peace is something like happiness; you cannot say "I will be happy when..." and you can't say "I will be peaceful when..." Your happiness shouldn't depend on the situation you're in nor on the circumstances that surround you. In the same breath, you cannot wait for everything around you to become peaceful in order for you to say "I am peaceful." In both happiness and peace, there is a heart of strength, determination and steadfastness; a heart that has the power to make things happen. You have to be at peace. You have to be happy. Now.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.
Mark Batterson, In a Pit with a Lion on a Snowy Day: How to Survive and Thrive When Opportunity Roars|As I look back on my own life, I recognize this simple truth: The greatest opportunities were the scariest lions. Part of me has wanted to play it safe, but I’ve learned that taking no risks is the greatest risk of all.
Christopher Robinson|Never allow others to create your world because if you do, they will always make it too small.
Eleesha|We cannot face up to what lies ahead, without facing up to what lies within.
Maryam Faresh, Daisy|You can't be sad when Daisy is around, she won't let you.
♥EJ <---|I would rather live in a world where people shout, "This is wrong." than live in a world with superheroes saving the day.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I don't so much mind looking back on having lost the election, or having been denied a role in the play, or having had my novel repeatedly rejected, or having been turned down for a date, or recalling laughter at my expense when I attempted some silly challenge.  Those things simply prove that I lived life.  What I do mind, however, is looking back on the lost opportunities where imagined concerns kept me from even trying—lose or win.  I've learned that there is no regret in a brave attempt, only in cowering to fear.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|A poet is simply an artist whose medium is human emotions.  A poet chisels away at our own sensibilities, shaping our vision while molding our hearts.  A poet wraps words around our own feelings and presents them as fresh gifts to humanity.
Natalie Wright, Emily's House|No difference, good or bad. Thoughts like birds in mind. Some fly in. Some fly out. Some stay at water hole to drink. Beware of birds that linger.
Jayson Engay|You don't need to understand what the world is, just let your life flow with it and become something
Lucas Remmerswaal, The A-Z of 13 Habits: Inspired by Warren Buffett|H is for Habit, winners make a habit of doing the things losers don't want to do.
C. JoyBell C.|I can't over-emphasize how important an exquisite perfume is, to be wrapped and cradled in an enchanting scent upon your skin is a magic all on its own! The notes in that precious liquid will remind you that you love yourself and will tell other people that they ought to love you because you know that you're worth it. The love affair created by a good perfume between you and other people, you and nature, you and yourself, you and your memories and anticipations and hopes and dreams; it is all too beautiful a thing!
Richard Bach, Jonathan Livingston Seagull|Like everything else, Fletcher. Practice.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|So you never know who you touch. You never know how or when you'll have an impact, or how important your example can be to someone else" (20).
C. JoyBell C.|I hope I don't write TOO many books! When I look at authors who have written too many books, I wonder to myself "When did they live?" I certainly want to write BECAUSE I live! I know I don't want to write in order to live! My writing is an overflow of the wine glass of my life, not a basin in which I wash out my ideals and expectations.
Samuel Chadwick|There is no power like that of prevailing prayer - of Abraham pleading for Sodom, Jacob wrestling in the stillness of the night, Moses standing in the breach, Hannah intoxicated with sorrow, David heartbroken with remorse and grief, Jesus in sweat and blood. Add to this list from the records of the church your personal observation and experience, and always there is cost of passion unto blood. Such prayer prevails. It turns ordinary mortals into men of power. It brings power. It brings fire. It brings rain. It brings life. It brings God.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|Earth's crammed with heaven, And every common bush afire with God.
C. JoyBell C.|There are gigantic trees that have grown tall into the winds and the clouds over the thousands of years of their lives, their tops are rustled and tossed by the mists of the atmosphere! Then there are the short trees that don't live for long, they are young with no deep roots and only a few annual rings to tell their stories.The tall, ancient trees sway in the realm of freedom while the short young trees cannot even raise their branches into that direction of the sky! Now, you are the bird who needs a tree to live in; if you choose to live in the tree which thrives in the realm of freedom, that doesn't mean you are not committed to that tree. You are still committed to your tree, but together you and your tree live in freedom. Freedom is not the absence of commitment. If you are the bird who chooses to fly around amongst the short trees and live in them, that's because your wings are too short to make it any higher and your vision too near to see any further into the clouds. And if you move from one short tree to the next short tree, that doesn't mean you are free, you are still down there below, freedom is still nowhere near you.
Elizabeth O. Dulemba|I like to set my dreams high. That way, even if I only make it half way there, it's still pretty darned good.
Al Jarreau|Once you discover that you can, you must.
Green Day|L'esercizio rende perfetti, ma nessuno è perfetto, quindi perché esercitarsi?
Chanda Kaushik|The more you try to please people, the more they get control of you and you'll end up hurting yourself.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Spread kindness, caring, and compassion and create your own paradise. Infuse it with joy and you’ve created heaven on earth.
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|...and remember my sentimental friend that a heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
Todd Stocker|I wanted to figure out why I was so busy, but I couldn't find the time to do it.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Thoughts frame your portrait, action paints it.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Parenting: Mindful Living Course for Parents|A child has a deep longing to discover that the World is based on Truth. Respect that longing. In our attempt to help children grow into Inspired Adults, we wish them to carry the Youthfulness of their Souls, and the Wonders of Childhood into their old age.'Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids and world based on truth
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Parenting: Mindful Living Course for Parents|A child is a Soul, a Unit Consciousness materialized on Earth to learn, fulfill its purpose contributing within the Matrix of Gaia. Our parents fought for ‘Expression of Thoughts’, ‘Equality’, we now have a task to fight for the Supremacy of Love over Control within all Areas of Life.‘Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids development soul
Rishank Jhavar|Go past the insecurity. Go past the little voice that says doing that thing will hurt you. Instead let the pain flow through you, and just hold on. At that very point, you will find yourself invincible.
Penelope Douglas, Rival|Fallon affected my body in weird ways. But only because she’s different, I told myself.
|Your children are not your children.They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.They come through you but not from you,And though they are with you, yet they belong not to you.You may give them your love but not your thoughts,For they have their own thoughts.You may house their bodies but not their souls,For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow,Which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Sharing your kindness sparks understanding all around. Then like fireflies in the night, twinkling love surrounds you.
Roy  Bennett|When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|No one makes it to the "top" by themselves. Each step you take is guided by at least one person's blood, sweat and tears. Appreciate those who stand behind you as you rise. They are the only ones who will catch you if you fall. The ladder of success is steadiest when someone's there to support it.
Roy  Bennett|When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference… You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your concern, your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.
Kirsten Siggins, The Power of Curiosity: How to Have Real Conversations that create Collaboration, Innovation and Understanding|When we aren't curious in conversations we judge, tell, blame and even shame, often without even knowing it, which leads to conflict." -The Power Of Curiosity: How To Have Real Conversations That Create Collaboration, Innovation and Understanding
Roy  Bennett|Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.
Roy  Bennett|Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, focus your energy on what you can create.
Roy  Bennett|Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, knowing something is more important than fear and taking action in the face of fear.
C. JoyBell C.|Some people live in cages with bars built from their own fears and doubts. Some people live in cages with bars built from other people's fears and doubts; their parents, their friends, their brothers and sisters, their families. Some people live in cages with bars built from the choices others made for them, the circumstances other people imposed upon them. And some people break free.
Napoleon Hill|A genius is simply one who has taken full possession of his own mind and directed it toward objectives of his own choosing, without permitting outside influences to discourage or mislead him.
Mother Teresa|I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
C. JoyBell C.|Do not limit yourself to your own preconceptions of yourself, but throw yourself out onto a blank page that you haven't written on yet, and see what you find out about you, see what story unfolds, see what happens! I always do this, and sometimes it can be very frightening! To very often have a blank page with nothing written on it yet! I feel as though I am a soul with a single covering–my body of skin– and that's the only thing between me on the inside and the rest of the world! It's quite frightening to begin each day on a blank page, forgetting your own preconceptions of yourself and allowing your mind to embrace the new! It is like meeting yourself for the first time, over and over again!
Cormac McCarthy|I never had any doubts about my abilities. I knew I could write. I just had to figure out how to eat while doing this., New York Times, April 19, 1992]
C. JoyBell C.|The problem with thinking that you are the absolute best, is that it leaves no room for you to become any better and while you live life thinking that you're the best, truth is a lot of people around you are already better and becoming even more better.
Rick Riordan|Nothing lasts forever. But the thing is, you can reuse some. Use your mind. - Leo's Mother, The Lost Hero
Molly Friedenfeld|Fairies with gossamer wings, Bring forth beauty, grace and joyful things. Fairies of the earth are caretakers of our soil, water and trees,They watch over beautiful creatures such as bears, bunnies and bees.Fairies ask that you breathe in and appreciate the vantage point from which you stand,Then trod carefully and respectfully with each intentional step you make across this beautiful land.
Mark  Donnelly|When the flames of life are gnawing away at your butt, run faster, quicker, and harder than you've ever run before, because I guarantee it that life will condition you, harder than any trainer ever will.When you state to yourself with the utter most believe, “I will achieve this,” than you are on the path, and this is when life throws obstacles left, right, straight on and which other way, but keep going. Because you will make it
Erica Goros|Never mourn the loss of innocence, because it always brings the much greater gain of wisdom.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|The good is the Enemy of the best. Until you depart from the good, you cannot enter God's best for your life.
sahil banga|Success always hugs you in private,but failure slaps you in the public...
Angela M. Hudson|Thought I wanted overnight success, until I achieved it through hard work and the refusal to back down! What you earn, you keep.
Kevin Clash|If everybody else your age is doing something very different than what you're doing, there's always going to be someone saying to you you might not succeed with it, you might not make any money with that... there's always going to be some type of obstacle in the way. All of those things will go away if you really focus on what makes you happy.
C. JoyBell C.|Freedom is not the absence of commitment, and to be committed to something or to someone does not mean the loss of freedom. But freedom exists in the realm of the unbound and to be free is to be committed to that which is a part of the unbound realm. Whatever sets your soul to flight is freedom. If someone sets your soul to flight, to stay with that person is not to lose freedom but to stay with that person is to retain freedom. Together you have what is unbound. Whatever will swell your spirit and give you wings, is freedom, and it is a fault if you let go of that for the very reason that you are afraid of losing your freedom and in doing so you have in fact let go of what will keep you unbound.
Donna Quesada, Buddha in the Classroom: Zen Wisdom to Inspire Teachers|What we can change is our perceptions, which have the effect of changing everything.
C. JoyBell C.|I’m barely human. I’m more like a creature; to me, everything gives off a scent! Thoughts, moments, feelings, movements, words left unsaid, words barely spoken; they all have a distinct sense, distinct fragrances! Both a smell and a touch! To inhale is to capture, to experience! I can perceive and I can “touch” in so many odd ways! And so I am made up of all these scents, all these feelings! An illumination of nerve endings!
Sue Nelson Buckley|It's not whether your glass is empty or full, it's what you do with it that really matters.
Lucas Remmerswaal, The A-Z of 13 Habits: Inspired by Warren Buffett|Just do it! First you make your habits, then your habits make you!
C. JoyBell C.|Freedom is a place, an area. It's a higher place. There are some other people that are here, and things that are here which are unseen. But you first have to set yourself free and believe in what you cannot see, believe that there is something more out there. In freedom can be found many devotions: a devotion to love, a desire to believe, a willingness to be happy, a perseverance to have peace. All these unseen things breathe and grow in the unseen soul. A free person is not an uncommitted person, but in a free person you will find a deep devotion, and a desire to be devoted to even more.
C. JoyBell C.|...No– but ours is a journey into ourselves, a walk with God every day! Ours is a book that we write, a smile, a love, a tear, a lust, an awakening, a learning, a joy, a laughter, a memory, a dream, a vision, a love, a love, a love and a love. Our life is now. And Heaven is always there, but this life isn't always there, but this life isn't always here. Heaven is always there for us but this life is a gift to us!
C. JoyBell C.|It's time that I stop referring to myself, thinking about myself, planning for myself, according to the gridlines and the timelines and the guidelines of people. I will expand in this universe, I will not stay on the lines nor within the lines written by this world.
Solange nicole|It doesn't matter where your journey begins, so long as you begin it...
C. JoyBell C.|I think that there are those who write of life being a skip on the sidewalk, a chocolate bar, a bowl of cherries... the problem with that is it ends up disappointing people. Because life is more like being on the tube in London; you never really know what could happen! But then there are those people who bring a box of chocolates to eat on the tube...so life, it isn't a skip on the sidewalk, but it is a matter of strength: "Can I bring my bowl of cherries to feast on while I stand here in the gutter?" that's the essence of life. Can you still put on your rose-colored glasses while your eyes are filled with tears, and see everything in rosy colors? That's the strength that fuels a true life. Can you think to bring your little box of chocolates with you while you sit on the tube running under the streets of London? Because you should. Because even if you don't know anybody, and you don't know what's gonna happen next, you should have your box of chocolates with you. You should eat your bowl of cherries. And that is what life is.
Dianna Bellerose|True friends are always together in spirit." Lucy Maud Montgomery
Casi McLean|When you let go of past pain, believe in yourself, and follow your dreams—you can find true happiness!
William Shakespeare|Tongues in trees, books in running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.
Laura Jensen Walker, Becca by the Book|Be in the World, Not of the World—Kind of like Lucky Charms cereal: there are lots of pretty marshmallows in with the cereal, but they’re not the same. So live with the cereal, but remember: you’re a pretty marshmallow.
Shahrizad Shafian, Tunjuk Langit Cinta|Receiving is good but giving is much better. Nevertheless, sharing is the best.
Nakia R. Laushaul, Running from Solace|Love is something you must accept in order to have, Naomi.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|The concept of 'home' is not just where one resides, but where the heart resides; in the purest depths of the soul.♥
Jon-Robert Holden, Blessed Footsteps: Memoirs of JR Holden|Success for you is a RECIPE that ONLY YOU KNOW the ingredients for.So to you I say ,COOK UP the success that ONLY YOU know how to make and allow the world to see YOUR CREATION!
Monica Pradhan, The Hindi-Bindi Club|I don’t want to freeze my eggs. I don’t want to visit a sperm bank. I don’t want to be a single parent, if I have any choice in the matter. I want a nuclear family. I want to put down roots, to let my seeds germinate, to watch them bloom and flourish. Not one day, if and when I ever fall in love again, but now. While I still have my youth, damn it.
Roy T. Bennett|Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.
Thérèse de Lisieux, The Story Of A Soul: The Autobiography Of St. Therese Of Lisieux|I am convinced that one should tell one's spiritual director if one has a great desire for Communion, for Our Lord does not come from Heaven every day to stay in a golden ciborium; He comes to find another heaven, the heaven of our soul in which He loves to dwell.
Lisa Wingate, Talk of the Town|Somewhere, deep within me, beyond the passion, beyond the beauty of the night, that little spark of Daily magic ignited in me again, began burning in a place that had gone dark and untended, that had yearned to be bright and warm. I felt it now, something old, something new, something complete. Perhaps it had been in there in me all along, the belief that there is a plan and a purpose, that God whispers into every life, some things that are beyond the scope of the mind, and can only be felt with the heart and the spirit. Those dreams, the dreams that are dreamed *for* us, not by us, are the truest of all.
Tonny K. Brown|A hero is not know by the number of battles he has won, but rather by the kind of battles he chooses to fight.
Taylor Caldwell, Dear and Glorious Physician|If a nation has not God that nation must fall, but if a nation has God then all the powers of evil, and all the armies, cannot shake its foundations; no, not even if the whole world is arrayed against it.
Preston Bradley|I've never met a person, I don't care what his condition, in whom I could not see possibilities. I don't care how much a man may consider himself a failure. I believe in him, for he can change the thing that is wrong in his life any time he is ready and prepared to do it. Whenever he develops the desire he can take away from his life the thing that is defeating it. The capacity for reformation and change lies within.
Beatrice McClearn, Diaries of an Emotional Prostitute|The more time you spend thinking, the less time you spend doing. The less time you spend doing, the more you watch others do. This formula never equals success.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Love drips like honey from the hive, constant, sweet, precious, into your heart each and every moment if you let it.
Paulo Coelho, The Witch Of Portobello|waktu kita di bumi ini sakral adanya, dan kita seharusnya merayakan setiap detiknya
I. Made Iwan Darmawan|Simbol, huruf dan angka adalah alat, sedangkan gagasan adalah roh sebuah tulisan.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Embrace your diverse, prismatic colors! They make you uniquely you!
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|As architect of your reality, you are empowered to create it as you choose.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from stars; even in the dark they give off light, not despair.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Nurturing a feeling makes it proliferate. Choose wisely. Joy, kindness, love, & caring will illuminate your life.
Monika Zands|It is in the darkest hour, when we are faced with our deepest most wrenching fears, that we are given the greatest strength. The choice is whether we succumb to the fear or rise with courage to face our truth and shine our brilliance as our sword of valor.
Roy  Bennett|Change your attitude and you change your life. You cannot control what happens to you in your life, but you can always control how you respond to it. The way you choose to respond is a reflection of your attitude. By changing your attitude, you also change your perspective and change your life.
Swami Vivekananda , Ramakrishna Paramhans, Sarda Devi|Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Amy Leigh Mercree|True love begins when you accept yourself in your totality. Then, and only then, can you completely love another.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|An empowered sense of self-love means you truly love and accept yourself as you would a treasured lover or a sweet, wonderful child, and that you do this from a place of strength of character and belief in yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more you learn, the more you want to learn.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Transcendent, magical romance happens when you’re one hundred percent present for each other as #supersoul lovers.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|As for methods of prayer, all are good, as long as they are sincere.
Aung San Suu Kyi, Freedom from Fear|If you're feeling helpless, help someone. ”― Aung San Suu Kyi (from Freedom from Fear)
John Galsworthy, Five Speeches to P.E.N. Clubs and a Letter|Dreaming is the poetry of Life, and we must be forgiven if we indulge in it a little.
Suzanne Elizabeth Anderson, Waiting with God|At times, it can feel like the loneliest place on Earth, because it’s just us. Alone with our unanswered prayers
Clement Watt|Take the first step. No more, no less, and the next will be revealed.
Gail McMeekin, The 12 Secrets of Highly Successful Women: A Portable Life Coach for Creative Women|Gather the best you have to offer and create a heartfelt, prosperous life full of purpose.
Morrie Schwartz.|The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and let it come in.
Radu Tudoran, Un port la rasarit|… e mult mai nobil sa ramai lucid oricat te-ar coplesi viata, esti totdeauna mai putin om cand te imbeti, indiferent cum, si daca fuga de realitate nu-i chiar o decadere, ramane totusi o infrangere.
Krista Kedrick, Under a Prairie Moon|Whether you think you're right or you think you're wrong. You're right.""If you think in pictures, write. If you think in words, paint.
Nakia R. Laushaul|Some instances in life call for humility. But, sometimes you need to be flat-out brazen when it comes to the desires of your heart.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Living a Princely life requires that you learn to think and reason like the Prince, talk and behave like him, react like him as well.
Rayvon L. Browne|Try it before you doubt it, because it might just be for you
M.J. Stoddard|The calling of an author is more than just to entertain, but also to share ones experiences with the world.
Rod Judkins, Change Your Mind: 57 Ways to Unlock Your Creative Self|The task of modern man is not to find his inner self, but to create himself.
lexis smigz|life is not about how fast you start,but how the end is going to be ,so don't worry when others are ahead of you.just keep on doing what you have been doing.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The wide awake man seizes opportunities or makes them, and thus those who are widest awake usually come to the front.
Saleem Durrani|Fear is a probability by its own cause of actions, if we live by it we lose all the possibilities of endurance
Wendy Mass, 13 Gifts|I've learned that the universe doesn't care what our motives are, only our actions. So we should do things that will bring about good, even if there is an element of selfishness involved. Like the kids at my school might join the Key Club or Future Buisness Leaders of America, because it's a social thing and looks good on their record, not because they really want to volunteer at the nursing home. But the people at the nursing home still benefit from it, so it's better that the kids do it than not do it. And if they never did it, then they wouldn't find out that they actually liked it.
Rabindranath Tagore|I thought that my voyage had come to its end at the last limit of my power, that the path before me was closed, that provisions were exhausted, and the time come to take shelter in a silent obscurity, but I find that thy will knows no end in me, and when old words die out on the tongue, new melodies break forth from the heart, and where the old tracks are lost, new country is revealed with its wonders.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|But hell, you've gotta work with what you've got.
C. JoyBell C.|There is a higher form of hierarchy and that is the hierarchy of the spirit. When I stand in front of a person, I stand in front of a soul and I have met magnificent souls in bodies possessing no money, as well as parched and shallow souls in bodies bathed in riches. In the same light, I have met magnificent souls in bodies bathed in wealth, as well as parched and shallow souls in bodies that are impoverished. I am tired of people busying their minds with hierarchy based upon money, because this form of hierarchy is primitive; meanwhile there is an altogether higher form of hierarchy that is of the soul. As you judge man and woman based upon their riches, I laugh at your primitive form of judgment! When I stand in front of a human, I stand in front of a soul.
Julie Cantrell, Into the Free|Maybe God doesn't care if we get all dressed up and sit in the pew every Sunday, as Diana believes. Instead, maybe God comes to us through men like Sloth, watching over us as we make our own decisions. Maybe God has always been with me. Opening doors, leading me to opportunities, letting me choose my own path, and loving me even when I chose the wrong one. Never giving up on me. Knowing all along that I am on a journey. That I must find my own way to Him. Maybe River was rights. Maybe God does still believe in me.
C. JoyBell C.|My friends, don't idolize hardship. What you idolize is what your heart will look for and what your heart looks for is what you will have. And don't capitalize on misfortune, because you will always seek out to have capital! Throw away that pride! Don't put sorrow on a pedestal! If you ask me if I would rather have had my sorrows or not, I will tell you that no, I would rather have not had any of them! In the blink of an eye, I would rid myself of them! I have no pride. I don't rely on hardships and sorrows to mold me into someone. I don't allow myself to be dictated. When hardship and sorrow come knocking, saying "We are responsible for who you are today, let us in!" I'm going to say, in a split second, "No you're not! Go away, I don't owe you anything!
C. JoyBell C.|There are blue diamonds born to the world and given to those who only want glass crystals. There are blue roses born to the world yet given to those who only want daisies. Blue diamond, don't cry because they want glass crystals. Blue rose, don't bleed because they see only the daisies. You were formed in the bedroom of the gods, you were conceived in the garden of the eternal!
Marguerite Yourcenar, L'Œuvre au noir|Le souvenir n'est qu'un regard posé de temps en temps sur des êtres devenus intérieurs,mais qui ne dépendent pas de la mémoire pour continuer d'exister.
Donna Galanti, A Human Element|We all have something redeemable in us, no matter how small." - Laura Armstrong, A Human Element
Joana James|If all the people who were called "crazy" started acting "normal", we'd probably still be living in caves.
Lenore Wolfe|For every woman, there is that one man who could get her to go anywhere he wanted her to go, do anything he wanted her to do—reach into her soul and turn her whole world on its ear—challenge everything she thought she believed. Highlighted by 24 Kindle users
Angel Sharum|If you are willing to go out on a limb, the tree of life holds endless possibilities.
Colton Robinsmith|make the most of the day, by determining to spend it on two sorts of acquaintances only - those by whom something may be got, and those from whom something may be learned. - Colton
Meg Meeker, The 10 Habits of Happy Mothers: Reclaiming Our Passion, Purpose, and Sanity|Friends who love us know that motherhood is about transitioning--and adjusting, constantly, to those changes. We must become masters of change because that is what life demands of us.
Leo Tolstoy, Kreutzer Sonata and Family Happiness|I led the life of so many other so-called respectable people,—that is, in debauchery. And like the majority, while leading the life of a debauche, I was convinced that I was a man of irreproachable morality.
Cassandra Blizzard|Love and honor the world around you, and you experience life in its fullest. There is no “Other.” There is simply us. The all of us, the whole of us. The mankind of us. Anything else is a lie.
Keisha Keenleyside|fight for what you believe in,for if you don't you will be forever fighting against yourself.
G. Norman Lippert, James Potter and the Hall of Elders' Crossing|a hero is just somebody who does the right thing when it would be far, far easier to do nothing.”-Cedric Diggory-
Lucas Remmerswaal, The A-Z of 13 Habits: Inspired by Warren Buffett|I is for Integrity, be honest with yourself and others.
Lucas Remmerswaal, 13 Habits.com the Tale of Tortoise Buffett and Trader Hare|Warren Buffett chuckled and said to me "I hope it's not my bad habits" Good Habits once established are just as hard to break as bad habits and bad habits are easier to abandon today than tomorrow. So what are you going to do about it?
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|In a few more days I'd anticipated telling Veronika that our injections had cured her heart condition. But in light of her unscheduled departure form Villette my telling that particular lie will not be required. The majority of people who attempt suicide repeat that attempt until they succeed. I took a risk in lying to her about her condition, i decided to test the only remedy i have come to have any faith in: awareness of life. Until she finds out from some other doctor that she is perfectly healthy. She'll consider each day a miracle. Which in my view it is.
Lucas Remmerswaal, The A-Z of 13 Habits: Inspired by Warren Buffett|Think outside the square. Think for yourself don't just follow the herd. Think multidisciplinary! Problems by definition, cross many academic disciplines.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|I can manage," said Frodo. "I must.
Daniel Gottlieb, Letters to Sam: A Grandfather's Lessons on Love, Loss, and the Gifts of Life|When we stop fighting against death, we are able to wake up to our lives.
Leonard Seet|More than once, the broken moon would cast through the window a silver light and remind me of independent events yielding to their own momentum and interacting under natural laws while my mind would impose happiness, grief, beauty, ruin, justice and chaos.
John Grisham, La tapadera|love yourself,.,.,.,for the sake of  your better future
Flavia|Cut not the wings of your dreams, for they are the heartbeat and the freedom of your soul.
Dew Platt, Failure&solitude|During the crash and burn, I began to burn from cranial crown to flat sole, for meaning and understanding. Every concept, psychological perceptions with hardened pathways, everything that registered as inherited from the communal was starting to dissolve into meaninglessness. The foundational tenets, the pre-established belief systems, instilled sustenance systems tended by both family and extended communal began to dissolve, first as trivial, and then as untenable to my being without validation from me. If my life was worth anything, I choose to live the best life for me. So I entered what I call The Blank State.
Lucas Remmerswaal, The A-Z of 13 Habits: Inspired by Warren Buffett|X is for X-mas Concentrate your energies, your thoughts and your capital. Put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket, then all your Christmases can come at once!
Kimberly McRae, Living by Faith: Beginning Your Walk as a New Believer|The importance of knowing for certain that you have been saved cannot be understated. We do not know how many days, hours, or minutes God has granted us here to have an opportunity to make a choice.
Jeffrey Rasley|To prepare for the mountains develop mind, body, will and spirit as strong as a sword, soft as a pillow and fluid as water.
A. Vaidyanathan|word is like a sword; you should be wise when to use it or it'll kill and ruin everything you did in your past, you're doing at this time, and you're gonna do in the future
Bessie Anderson Stanley|Live well, Laugh often, Love much.
Marilyn Suttle, Who's Your Gladys?: How to Turn Even the Most Difficult Customer Into Your Biggest Fan|For every dilemma, find at least three or four possible solutions. The creative process leads to better results.
Stephanie Lahart|Above everything else, genuinely love yourself first. Self-love is powerful and it’s the best love that you will ever have. When you love who YOU are, your relationships will be healthier and your life will be happier. Self-love sets the standard in how we allow others to treat us and how we treat ourselves. Your happiness and well-being is important. Protect it by always valuing who you are!
Willard Van Orman Quine|Life is agid, life is fulgid. Life is what the least of us make most of us feel the least of us make the most of. Life is a burgeoning, a quickening of the dim primordial urge in the murky wastes of time.
Deborah Brodie, The Path That Gets Brighter: A Devotional to Instruct, Illustrate, and Encourage Kingdom Principles|When you make the dream of your heart a treasure of heaven, it holds an eternal value.
Hugh MacLeod, Evil Plans: Having Fun on the Road to World Domination|...the best Evil Plan offers something much more for people--a chance to buy into an idea that matters, and share it with people who matter to them.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|Dreams are what keep us growing. They are what keep us alive. To give up, is to let our dreams die.
Nahisha McCoy|It only takes one minute to find a really good book, but it can give you a lifetime of memories when you read a really good book that leaves you with lasting impression.
Jay     Long|Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.
Paul Cobb|SHINE JESUS - I have found, the more we point others to Jesus... the more His radiance shines through us. "Those who are wise will shine like the brightest of heavens, and those who turn many to righteousness will shine like stars forever and ever." Daniel 12:3
Jay     Long|Moments caught in time. Simple memories spread out before me. Timeless reminders of how life goes on, even when it feels as if you cannot.
Tonny K. Brown|I pray, before I die, that I receive the power to believe in fairytales again, Oh' how I would love to laugh and know that God laughed with me.
Jay     Long|We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.
Jay     Long|Hopes, wants and wishes, all cast across the night sky with my heart in tow.
Sheri   Fink|Always be open to inspiration. You never know where it may come from. Begin with an open mind, end with an inspired heart.
Roy T. Bennett|The essence of life does not consist in the lushness of your possessions, but in the richness of your heart.
Roy T. Bennett|Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.
Roy T. Bennett|Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.
Roy T. Bennett|Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.
Mohammed Sekouty|Only number 1 is unique, rest is just numbers,fight to be no.1
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|When you give your mind, body, and heart the message that you are worth the effort of being conscious, miraculous things start to happen.
Roy T. Bennett|Grateful people are happy people. The more things you are grateful for, the happier you will be.
Adhish Mazumder|Yes I have done it all. Tested the shallow waters, swam through the dangerous tides, met strangers, seen friends turn strangers, taken risks to achieve my goals, persevered to out do myself each time, rose high, fell hard, learned to climb, learned to dream and in dreaming learned to relate to reality. I have earned respect, achieved things very young, believed in my potential, questioned it too but through it all I have never stopped to aspire. I am a human and I must adapt to the changing seasons, learn new skills and master them all. Now as I stand and look up, I see a heap of laurels yet to achieve and chest of mysteries yet to resolve. I am not one in the crowd. I'll forever be the one whom they could never be
Chinonye J. Chidolue|We are entirely made up of dreams yearning to be lived. At every point in time, DO what you can, when you can and however you can to invest your time and efforts in your dreams; directly and without evasion.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The way I see it, our natural human instinct is to fight or flee that which we perceive to be dangerous. Although this mechanism evolved to protect us, it serves as the single greatest limiting process to our growth. To put this process in perspective and not let it rule my life, Iexpect the unexpected;make the unfamiliar familiar;make the unknown known;make the uncomfortable comfortable;believe the unbelievable.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|I have always believed in the power of collaboration. Early on in my professional career, I realized that you can't develop all the competencies you need fast enough on your own. Furthermore, if you don't collaborate, your ideas will be limited to your own abilities. As a result, you will not be able to serve your clientele and thus can't achieve the anticipated impact.
Suzanne Elizabeth Anderson, Waiting with God|By recalling God’s past provision, we can reassure ourselves that what He has done in the past, He will do again in the future.
Suzanne Elizabeth Anderson, Waiting with God|If we will turn to God in prayer, and if we will seek His comfort through His Words in the Bible, we will find our hearts and minds healed.
Hazrat Ali ibn Abu-Talib R.A|If you want to change the world,learn to change yourself first.
Auliq Ice|Earn Nicely, spend wisely and you will live happily.
Karen Salmansohn|You know what's just as powerful as a good cup of coffee in the morning? Starting your day with some good, loving thoughts. It can change how your whole day unfolds.
anmol gandhi|Life gave me lemons, then I met you and you had Vodka. Now my life is a party.
Katerina Kostaki, Cosmic Light|The Poetry of LoveWe see the world with the eyes of a small child.We visualize the beauty of the world with an unique magic sense,and unfold our deeper feelings and expectations diffusing the seizing negative forces that stretch out their threatening tentacles.We give blow and shape in our dreams.We seek for Love through unfamiliar new people and new experiences. Love is a vivid spirit, a big breath that touches upon each piece of our existence, our each cell…Love affiliates a lot of forms, exists and fits everywhere.Each flight of a small bird, the flutter of an incredible beauty butterfly, the stones wetted by waters of Aquamarine River, the branches of the trees that dally with the blow of wind, all these is the Spirit of Love.When you love in a genuine way, love everything.You are not bothered by the babble of Nature and the strange reactions of people.You hear the sounds of everyday routine with bigger consequence. Overtakes the meanness consequently and with courage.You seek truth in small things.You live the each moment as if it's unique.Love for nature.Love for life.Love for people.
Marcel Proust|Do not wait for life. Do not long for it. Be aware, always and at every moment, that the miracle is in the here and now.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Do not do what you cannot continue to deliver.For, remember, the world wants to see a continuity of delivery of set standards...!
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|When you want something, he entire universe conspires to help you achieve it.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Time is too short in this one life, to be able to do everything, but it definitely is long enough at least to be able to develop the will to do anything & everything...
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|The challenge of life is regretless decision making, relentless pursuit of vision with faith, forgiving others, enduring pain with a smile & achieving goals with an extra MILE
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours,Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|A whetstone, though it cannot cut, may sharpen a knife that will.
Shirley Miranda, Falling|I promise.For the other side of the card, I put the giraffe and penguin on it and wrote:To think and try not to over think.To breathe, but not hyperventilate.To try to envision the best, and not dwell on the worst.To call you when I'm in trouble.To not do anything permanent on a situation that might be temporary.
Isaac Asimov|Above all, never think you're not good enough. Never think that. In life people will take you at your own reckoning.
Cressida Cowell, How to Break a Dragon's Heart|I NAME THIS LAND TOMORROW, FOR IT SHALL LAST FOREVERMORE!
Richelle E. Goodrich|I love words.  I crave descriptions that overwhelm my imagination with vivid detail.  I dwell on phrases that make my heart thrum.  I cherish expressions that pierce my emotions and force the tears to spill over.   In essence, I long for a writer's soul sealed in ink on the page.
Eric Wilson, Fireproof|But just remember: a woman's like a rose; if you treat her right, she'll bloom, if you don't, she'll wilt.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears; I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him; The evil that men do lives after them, The good is oft interred with their bones
Laxmi Hariharan|The choices one makes, not one's blood, determine one's destiny - John Steinbeck
Kenneth Oppel, Half Brother|The world should have been in Technicolour, but seemed more like black and white.
Carol  McCormick|But men and women are different in the way that they feel loved. Men like to be admired for what they do, for their integrity and their accomplishments, whether it’s at work or at the gym or mowing the lawn, because it makes them feel manly. When a woman tells a man that she is proud of him, or she tells him that he did a good job, he’ll about bend over backwards to take care of her and love her.”  “But women like attention from men, because it makes them feel feminine and adored. That’s why they’re always fixin’ themselves up, doing their hair, wearing pretty clothes and makeup and jewelry and perfume. It’s all to attract your attention, you know.” (Thelma Jenkins)
W.D. Lady|Always set small, realistic goals that you know you can achieve first. But don't give up on the bigger ones that may seem too far from your reach.
Pete Greig, Punk Monk: New Monasticism and the Ancient Art of Breathing|Too many people are missing their destiny a year at a time because they're too scared to think in decades!" (p. 127)
Carla Olson Gade|Love cannot be hidden. It even shines in the darkest places." ~ Carla Olson Gade, The Shadow Catcher's Daughter
Zaveric|Life is short,Live it long
Cassandra Wilson Run the Voodoo Down|Here, in this quiet place we own, worlds are born.
John Ziesler|One who has reached a goal no longer travels the road"(Pauline Christianity, p. 111)
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|The Prince is the only option to a better living. His arm is reliable and dependable. Get to Him, stay glued and remain on Top!
Venus Angelica Perez|I can do nothing without His help. Oh, Lord, what ignorance thinking everything was wealth.
Nancy B. Brewer|I am reminded that the children we birth do not belong to us. They belong to God. We are simply the vessel through which they arrive on this earth. We are appointed to care for and guide them; however, we must recognize when the time comes for them to govern their own lives.
Anonymous, The Poetic Edda|Men brave and generous live the best lives, seldom will they sorrow; then there are fools, afraid of everything, who grumble instead of giving.
C. JoyBell C.|Because...” he used to cradle his daughter in his arms every morning and often they would exchange soft nuances “...if you can dream it, if you can see it in your visions at night, if you can feel it in your soul, it’s yours! And it never really belonged to anyone else, in the first place! It was always yours!” Viera returned her scroll to the drawer and closed it, she kissed the compass around her neck and climbed into her bed under the warm quilts, the candle flame crackled and the memories of her father’s arms around her embraced her there in bed and his deep, hoarse voice resounded in her ears; “... and if you chance upon a treasure that is yours and it happens to be in the possession of someone else, it’s not very wrong to take what is yours, to take what you dreamed, what you saw in your visions at night, what you felt visit you in your spirit! Sure, it’s not lawful, but aye aye my little one, listen to me when I tell you that the best things in life are not under the laws of any sort! For which law created love? Which law created courage? The best things, the real things, are the things that are not measured by any man’s laws! Fear is the only thing that any law has ever created! And what kind of pirates would we all be if we were afraid of any of our fears, even a little!
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|Courage is living by the free will that one creates for themselves, not the life of monotony determined by another.
Monique Duval, The Persistence of Yellow: A Book of Recipes for Life|Last night at Bingo, Sylvia won the last prize. 'What am I going to do with a mermaid?" "Learn to swim in the murkiest water, reinvent yourself," the mermaid said #149
Natalie Wright, Emily's House|Ah, yes, choice. I chose to let my ghosts stay in past. Past is history you know. Living is now. I sat. I breathed. I let past go. I let future go. I am. That is all.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|When you are like the tree, there is oneness with the Earth, Sun and Moon, but still steadfast in your purpose.
M Fazan Hafeez|No one in this world can change your habits, but only you can..... so, MOst powerfull person of this world is you..!..........keep that in your mind!
Jack  Dempsey, How to Fight Tough|A champion is someone ho gets up, een when he can't
Will Hewett|Time bows to authentic commitment, and it stretches to accommodate it.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Dining with the King; your attire, attitude and mentality must change.
Discovery House Publishers|Each of us has a vulnerability like Edmund's that Satan is eager to exploit. It may be something addictive like drugs or alcohol, or it may be something seemingly harmless and perhaps even good like food, friendship, or work.
C. JoyBell C.|I am going to open myself up to all that is superior in the world and beyond and I am going to spend time trying to take delight in things! Not finding ruin in them! If the ruin of you is what you look for, the ruin of you is what you are going to find!
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|What if man is not really a scoundrel, man in general, I mean, the whole race of mankind-then all the rest is prejudice, simply artificial terrors and there are no barriers and it's all as it should be.
Pat Conroy, South of Broad|The tide was a poem that only time could create, and I watched it stream and brim and makes its steady dash homeward, to the ocean.
Bruce H. Jackson|Just remember, the difference between being good versus being great is just a few points, inches, or seconds.
Larry Burkett|When you don't know what the answer is, you know *Who* the answer is.
David Jeremiah|If you have put your faith in Christ and have spent significant time in the Word of God, the tough times can be like a magnet that draws you to the Lord Jesus. Nothing is going to happen - ever - that will catch Jesus Christ by surprise. He is able to help His children work through anything, and not a single thing is going to happen in the future that can change that fact.
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|My study of prophecy convinces me that God intends knowledge of future events to help us "occupy" with a sense of urgency until the Lord returns.
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|What He said He would do He always did, and the things we already see fulfilled in His Word simply remind us that what He said about the future will take place just as surely.
C. JoyBell C.|If you buy an egg thinking it's a goose's egg, and when it hatches it is actually a bird of paradise; no manner of convincing and reproach will turn the bird of paradise into a goose. Even if you make it go to goose church and goose school and eat goose feeds and only hang out with geese! In the end, it will still belong to paradise.
Cassandra Blizzard, A World Without Color|We can remove the veil that shrouds our understanding and made us forget who we truly are. When we understand the core self and live from the core self, the myth of separation, concepts of separation, color, religion, class, intelligence…all these fade away. We are not our color. We are not our religion. We are not our sexual preference. We are human beings. We are spiritual beings.
Phil Volatile|I used to fear things like not having enough alcohol and drugs, or the money to get them. Now I fear someone holding me down and physically forcing me to take drugs and drink alcohol. I fear that for some reason I wouldn't be allowed or wouldn't be able to read anymore.
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|If you have put your faith in Christ and have spent significant time in the Word of God, the tough times can be like a magnet that draws you to the Lord Jesus.
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|[Jesus] not only kept Himself from engaging in evil, He also continually acted in ways that honored and glorified god. He not only continually avoided the negative, He always pursued the positive.
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|[Christ] will come again. But we must look to Scripture, not human thought, for our guide to preparing.
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|Amid the thousands of shrill voices screaming for our attention, there is but on Voice we need to hear. The voice of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Wernher von Braun|All one can really leave one's children is what's inside their heads. Education, in other words, and not earthly possessions, is the ultimate legacy, the only thing that cannot be taken away.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|We're never called on to do what hurts. We just do what hurts out of ignorance and habit. Once we see what we're doing, we can stop.
Jim Stovall, The Lamp|Remember that a wish held fervently turns into belief, and a belief held diligently becomes reality.
V.C. Andrews|He won't listen to the music, and I can't turn it off.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|The Buddha encouraged people to "know for yourselves that certain things are unwholesome and wrong. And when you do, then give them up. And when you know for yourselves that certain things are wholesome and good, then accept them and follow them."The message is always to examine and see for yourself. When you see for yourself what is true-and that's really the only way that you can genuinely know anything-then embrace it. Until then, just suspend judgment and criticism.
Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul|In-existence, the soul’s greatest imposition is its perfection. It is projected as a perfected form of the physical embodiment, an emblem of things, perhaps hyperreal and untouchably perfect as existence. It can not be! The soul in-existence is nothing of perfection. It is raw potential. The soul is nothing but potential. To be specific, the soul is unordered potential!
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|We've all received our share of good fortune, so that's my definition of much. A single blessing is all the bounty in the world, and if you've been blessed at all you're meant to pass some of that on. You're meant to set a positive example. That's our responsibility" (20) - Denzel Washington, "So that We Might Follow
Robert Kriegel|A dream is an idea involving a sense of possibilities rather than probabilities, of potential rather than limits. A dream is the wellspring of passion, giving us direction and pointing us to lofty heights. It is an expression of optimism, hope and values lofty enough to capture the imagination and engage the spirit. Dreams grab us and move us. They are capable of lifting us to new heights and overcoming self-imposed limitations.
Dew Platt, Failure&solitude|Worth as I use it here is immeasurable, not as in mathematics towards infinity. But that it can not be measured. There are no measurable parameters for it! Certainly not a material-communal measurable parameter for it! Such, it is what the being holds that cannot and should never be traded. When it is there, every essence of your being knows it, and takes commands from it that will be able to override any personal or imposed sense of value.
Margaret Feinberg, Scouting the Divine: My Search for God in Wine, Wool, and Wild Honey|Jesus knew that many of his listeners believed the old wineskin (or way of doing things) was good enough. They were comfortable with their beliefs and practices, but Jesus hadn't come to patch up old religious traditions. He was offering a new garment, a new wineskin, a way of life that didn't abolish the old ways, but fulfilled them.The teaching illuminated my own need to remain pliable before God. I realize that I must have a softer housing for my growing faith, one that can flex and change as God is at work inside of me. All too often I find myself clinging to that which is comfortable and familiar, rather than embracing the challenges that emerge with change and growth. Sometimes I shy away from people who have strong views that differ from mine, even though sharing a great conversation... could temper both our viewpoints and deepen our relationship. Why do I run away from strong opinions and potential conflict? Am I too comfortable and unwilling to change? Such a realization highlights the need for the Spirit in my life not just to discern and distinguish, but also to illuminate and invite me to move forward into the fullness of life with him." -Scouting the Divine
Dew Platt|The Yorubas have a saying, here, my translation in English--a poor fool is a bigger fool rich. In other words, money only allows and enables you to be more of who you are. My bigger translation? You don't jump essence, you jump environs!
Kale Lawrence, The Clairvoyance Clock|The day we put an end to believing in hope will be the day we stop existing, for without hope, we are nothing.
Kale Lawrence, The Clairvoyance Clock|Don’t let anyone set restrictions on your life...You chart the course of your own future, not anyone else. Don’t let people have such a power over you. Because if you’re always racing against their standards, then what’s the point of reaching a useless finish line?
Matthew Pearl, The Dante Club| 'Pity without rigor would be cowardly egotism, mere sentimentality.' 
C. JoyBell C.|Tonight I saw Jesus with the eyes on my face. He looks half lion and half man. But not more like a lion and not more like a man, rather the same, I have never seen anything like the face of Jesus before, %100 one thing but %100 another thing: a lion man!” “Where did you see Him at?” “On the surface of my blanket as I lay in bed. He was suddenly drawn onto it, like a sketch, and that same moment I knew He was showing His face to me, finally.” “Why do you think He did that?” “I think He thought it was about time.
Nakia R. Laushaul|Doing what I like to do, the way I like to do it ... makes me happy.
Dew Platt, Failure&solitude|Say you are at the brink of killing yourself and someone tries to talk you out of it. You’ve already thought about it and your life is not worth living. Someone else comes along and tries to convince you not to kill yourself. Is there someone out there that can convince you not to kill yourself? What can they possibly say to convince you that your life, the one you have firsthand knowledge of, is worth living? There is that one answer. No one! There is that other answer. Nothing!
Tanya R. Liverman|Know that true change is demonstrated only by your actions around everyone, not just certain people.
Dilip Chitre|Chakravyuh mein ghusne se pehle,Before entering the circle of deceit,kaun tha mein aur kaisa tha,	who I was, and what I was,yeh mujhe yaad hi na rahega.	I would not remember.Chakravyuh mein ghusne ke baad,	After entering the circle of deceit,mere aur chakravyuh ke beech,	(there was) between me and the circle,sirf ek jaanleva nikat’ta thi,	only a deathly intimacyiska mujhe pata hi na chalega.	that I never realised.
Christopher Moley|The mandarins of culture—what do they do to teach the common folk to read? It's no good writing down lists of books for farmers and compiling five-foot shelves; you've got to go out and visit the people yourself—take the books to them, talk to the teachers and bully the editors of country newspapers and farm magazines and tell the children stories—and then little by little you begin to get good books circulating in the veins of the nation. It's a great work, mind you!
Elisa Albert, The Book of Dahlia|A matter, as the famous book intoned, of finding the shade of the parachute that best complemented you. But really: With no parachute at all you'd hit the pavement so hard it probably wouldn't even hurt, and you'd unleash a whole new color palate-bone, blood, muscle-in the process.
A. Witness, The Adventures of Zac Master: The Light|Why can you see the stars at night, but not the light...
Paul Zane Pilzer|To create a new business that makes money, and more significantly, employs others, and more significantly, gives a product to a customer that improves their life, is our greatest challenge, our greatest opportunity, and the greatest gift, far greater than any charity that we can give our fellow person.
Deborah Brodie|Paths that lead to the crossroads of life; otherwise known as "transition."Transition is the tension present between struggle and grace.
Thomas Mallon|I have a picture of the Pont Neuf on a wall in my apartment, but i know that Paris is really on the closet shelf, in the box next to the sleeping bag, with the rest of my diaries.
Thomas F. Shubnell|When wealth flees, untrue friends follow.
Myrtle Filmore|The truth came to me-a great revelation, showing me that I have a child to the Jones whole and perfect mind, created to express the health that God with.
Marcus G Monroe|The greatest book ever composed was marked at one point unconventional. Also it was marked difficult to read, especially in its original format. Yet that book has saved countless lives including mine, and that book, I'm referring to is still saving countless lives today... Think about that when others mention flaws about your work.
Natalie Pace, The Gratitude Game: 21 Days to a Healthier, Wealthier, More Beautiful You|As we become the light, the light is lifted in every room that we enter.
Marcus G Monroe|The greatest book ever composed was marked at one point unconventional. Also it was marked difficult to read and comprehend, especially in its original format. Yet that book has saved countless lives including mine, and still saves lives today... Think about that when others mention flaws about your work.
Lorato Mosimakoko|Be content with who you are, run your own race to the best of your abilities, God will take you to the finish line.
Marcus G Monroe|To my fellow authors heed these words with much importance, " It is redundant for a true writer to sell their soul for literary fame, since the soul is a writer's inner voice...
Rajesh Walecha|If you want to meet God ; ask yourself,Who lives in the sky?Why mountains grow high ? Why moon produce tides ?You'll find yourself in the lap of God.
Kayisha Thomas, Quotes of Faith and Inspiration|It's time to have and enjoy magical moments in life, reposition yourself so magic happens.
Jo M. Sekimonyo, l'enfer c'est lui|Souvenez-vous toujours que dans la vie, la passion sans vision est une perte d’énergie, et que la vision sans passion est une impasse.
Ronald Reagan|We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Tony   Cleaver, A Chain of Flames|You can coddle your rage, or you can fully engage.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is in the storm, not the calm, that a rainbow is born.
Greg Dutilly|Every single one of us is born with a unique and perfect set of tools which enable us to affect the world in an awesome and profound way. Unfortunately, most people do not open their toolbox.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A determined seed cannot be hidden from the world, not even by dirt.
Evy Michaels|You cannot put me downYou shall not clothe me with a frownYou certainly won't transform me into a clownNor turn my clear black and white into indecisive brownMy aspirations, my dreams, my future, you shall not drownNeither can you drive me into mad townI'm unshakable
Summer Lane, State of Hope|I am not the girl I once was, and that is okay. I am a new woman, because this is a new world, and I will do what I must for the people I love...Nothing is perfect, but we have a chance now. We have hope, and that is all I ever asked for.
Joseph Campbell|When you are on your path, and it is truly your path, doors will open for you where there were no doors for someone else.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you cry in the rain, only the sky will see your tears.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Birds keep singing beautiful songs, even if they have no audience.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|When you feel you have limited or no freedom… whether in business, personal or spiritual pursuits…It's time to begin exploring other options and choices out there. You always have options and choices in life.
M.L. Shanahan|You can, you will. You did.
Andre Ellison|Being Creative is not a hobbie, it's a way of life!
Mira Midha, Feelings… It's Not in What They Say but What They Hide|The truth is as truth shall be,We come with our own destiny.
Maisie A Smikle|It's impossible to exceed, outnumber, outperform or isolate an infinite, all-knowing, omniscient God.
Andrew Masuku, Dimensions of a New Civilization|Christians depend on each other, they should not be independent against each other
Maisie A. Smikle|People who are hypocritical pretenders traitors, liars and fakers Will cause meaningful relationships to become meaningless
Wade Boggs|A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events, and outcomes.
Nguyễn Duy Cần, Tôi Tự Học|Nếu muốn học "thấy" hãy "bịt mắt lại mà tưởng tượng trước bằng một viễn tượng trong tâm hồn"; nếu muốn học "nghe" hãy "bịt tai lại"; nếu muốn học cách "đọc sách" hãy xếp sách lại mà phỏng đoán trước những gì ta sắp đọc"... đó là để mà lóng nghe cái tiếng dội của tâm hồn. Platon nói rất sâu sắc (...). Hiểu biết, thực ra là một sự nhận ra những gì ta đã biết. Nghĩa là, cái thật biết là cái biết do mình đã tìm ra. Ta chỉ thấy được những gì ta đã thấy. Ta chỉ thích được những gì ta đã thích.
Shirley Houston|In darkness, some flowers blossom!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Train the ears to hear more, the eyes to see more, the hands to do more, the feet to accomplish more, the mind to think more, the heart to feel more, and the soul to love more.
Cora Carmack, Roar|No tragedies here, Roar. This world will make you a victim every chance it gets. Don't let it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have shed a thousand tears, expect a thousand blessings.
Haritha Velpureddy|Unknowns in life are adventures, avoid calling them fears.
Rajesh Walecha|A Beautiful verse takes birth when "U"n"I" VERSE.
Steven Chuks Nwakokeke|To stop oppression, you will first end the tyranny of the oppressors.
Tonny K. Brown|If you are truly looking for purpose,Something to verify your self-worth.Then give yourself to some cause,some greatness in which the only return, is knowing that your deeds have become to someone, a gift that is too good to believe
Steven Moffat|Good is good in the final hour, in the deepest pit – without hope, without witness, without reward. Virtue is only virtue in extremis.
Katey Sagal, Grace Notes: My Recollections|Me, well, there is meaning to the work and things I've done. But I never started an exercise revolution. I never became controversial because of my political beliefs. I don't believe I've affected change on a grand scale. I think I made a contribution. I know I've made people laugh. Through characters I have played, I've certainly allowed people to access their own expression of sadness or remorse, anger or disappointment. I've always believed that being an actor is a great service job. And I am of service. But it's just a job. So much of the glitz and fame, I can't even remember. I have blank spots where spotlights have been. It's easier for me to remember the ordinary goings-on of my life, because that's what my life is most of the time. It's just a life. Mine, like yours, has moaned and groaned. Stretched and turned. Sometimes good, oftentimes bad. People up and gone, love found and thrown away. Many moments make up a life. I am surprised by how many of my fame moments are blank spots. The volume turned down. Fame wants to turn up the volume on everything. It wears me out and intrudes on my need for solitude.
Haritha Velpureddy|Committing suicide is like stepping off the rollar coaster, once you are on, dont you wait till it ends? no matter what it does to you
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|…We feel different things. We like different things. It’s like they say with books, no two people ever read the same book. It’s the same with music, yo.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|If a stone hits a river, the river will treat it as yet another commotion in its already tumultuous course. Nothing unusual. Nothing unmanageable. If a stone hits a lake, however, the lake will never be the same again.
Evy Michaels|I am defined not just by what you see, but by the potential within me, the possibilities I represent
Haritha Velpureddy|Forcing yourself into peace is indeed stressful so do not stress yourself to run behind peace, Go through each n every stress with peace.
Genereux Philip|LIFE IS LIKE ELECTRICITY, ANYONE CAN SHOCK YOU
Dmitry Glukhovsky|Jak by powiedział Puszkin, służba muzom nie znosi pośpiechu.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|All the love, learning and opportunities that you seek come from being open to life not being closed throughout it.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|You may not need to do it all, design it all or direct it all. But when it comes to making things you want to happen to happen you may well have to inspire and drive it all.
Tonny K. Brown|The mark of a great leader is not, only, one that found the courage to believe in themselves, but one, that was able to motivate others to take a look inward, and do the same.
Rajesh Walecha|When life asks you a question, you learn. When you ask a question from life, you cry.
Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams|Never abandon your personal message. No matter what comes your way, remain dedicated to that which you hold close to your heart
Nick Farewell, GO|Quando tudo estiver ruim, lembre-se destas duas letras que formam uma palavra: GO. Vá. Vá em frente. Escreva, desenhe, pinte, fotografe, dance, costure, atue, cante. Portanto, quando estiver ruim, lembre-se destas duas letras que formam uma palavra. GO. Vá. Vá em frente. Apenas faça.
Stanley Kujokera|The gift of faith causes a person to be bold and courageous, speaking things that be not as though they were, it is shameless and persistent it alway get results....
Stanley Kujokera|Success is not an event, it is the by product of the activities that transpired before engagement....
Stanley Kujokera|A progressive life style demands that one; takes full reigns over their life, not leaving anything to chance....
Stanley Kujokera, Scripted Quotes: "transformational writings that will revolutionize your thinking and set you on course for success"|Manipulation is not of God, it is the highest form of sorcery for it enslave the soul to the will of man.....
Anne Krüger, Allee der Kosmonauten|Hast du es schon gelesen?", fragte er.Er spielte auf das Buch an, das ich bei ihm gekauft hatte."Ja. Es war anders als ich es in Erinnerung hatte, aber nicht schlecht."Das Buch war ein Kalssiker und ich hatte es als Kind mehrfach verschlungen."So ist das mit verlorenen Dingen", meinte Jacob und bot mir ein Glas grünen Tee an.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Give people room to be what God created them to be, don't force them to fit into your own mold
EverSkeptic|The day you start trusting the people who think you are right, then the people who are actually right, you are on your way down.
Haritha Velpureddy|Gun for sure is louder than a Pen, bullet is hotter than Ink, but Death is not a silencer for Pen.
Haritha Velpureddy|Dear Marie Tussaud,Fake people are everywhere, you do not have to waste wax creating them
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|For a happy and health life, get the answers to these questions in this order: Where, Who, Why, What and How to be you.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Your life purpose is about you. It is a tangible, practical, everyday way to be that evolves over time as you mature. It is not just a new age, cheesy, flaky, peace and love statement. It is the greatness of who you are taking meaningful action. This is how you stay healthy and happy. Then and only then does your energy ripple out to make the world a better place.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Your life purpose is not just one thing, nor just what you love to do, nor a role, nor a legacy you leave. Your life purpose is who you are 24/7.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A caterpillar knows it's a butterfly, even if the whole world tries to convince it that it's just a worm.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Before defining what you want, know who you are.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Light is all a flower longs for, even when surrounded with priceless jewels.
Avijeet Das|Dreams are achieved by blood, sweat, tears, and an iron-will!
Diana Dentinger|There's a way and a place for everyone to contribute to the greater good. Stop going no where fast and go "your where".
Diana Dentinger|Where is the most important of the 5 W Questions. When you are in your "Where" you can fearlessly become "Who" you are to fully live "Why" you are here. Determine your "Where" then your "Who" then your "Why".
Matshona Dhliwayo|A diamond's happy ending is on a crown, but its beauty was formed in dirt.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Your real personality identity is not an option, it is the foundation for your happiness and health.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|You are not one type, nor belong to one category. You are a unique blend of personality needs. Live your needs for total life fulfillment.
Evy Michaels|Whatever you do, be fierce, be fearless
Madalyn Beck, Dragon Hearts & Dandelion Fuzz|And the fight for who we are,for who we hope to become,has only begun.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Soap, toothpaste and detergent are all "new and improved". Are you?
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|So many celebrations have become empty because the meaning has changed. Find your meaning, to find yourself for a fulfilling life experience.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Think "Energy" before opening your mouth. Send out good vibes in every word you pronounce.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Your Life Purpose is a blend of your Core Personality Needs. Remember it, define it and refine it as you journey through life.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|If you haven’t though about quitting even once when working on your business, that business is not your real passion.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|As long as we’re breathing, we have a chance to start over and build a stable future.
Shah Ibrahim, Budak Meja Belakang|Minat, bakat serta peluang jarang bertindan buat seseorang. Antara ketiga-tiga elemen ini, peluang paling payah hendak dikecapi. Maka, peluang harus menjadi faktor penentu dalam membuat keputusan.
Louise Blackwick, Vivian Amberville - The Weaver of Odds|As the Weaver, so is the Thread
Myra Yadav|Fall several times doesn't matter, how many times you stand up matters
Michael v Ivanov|In this life, we get broken fingers, torn knee ligaments, scars in the back of our heads, broken hearts, broken spirits... none of us make it into heaven without a limp. But the only thing we will truly regret, is not the pain we EXPERIENCED, but the pain we AVOIDED. Never settle for anything short of greatness!
Matshona Dhliwayo|If God charged us for every tear He shed for us, the world would be bankrupt.
Luisa Luisi, Poemas de la Inmovilidad y Canciones al Sol|Alma, para llegar al infinito,da un impulso más firme a tu vuelo;sufre más!... ¡sufre más!... Tiene tu gritoalas, para elevarte sobre el suelo...
Evy Michaels|You live on in the wind that wraps around me to remind me of the absence of your embraceYou live on in her eyes, when she looks at me I see your faceYou live on in the moon that revives the light you shone in my nightYou live on in her smile, when she laughs at my jokes, your voice echoes in her throatYou live on in our song that I play on Saturdays all day longYou live on in her touch, when she wipes my tears away and assures me I'll see you againYou live on...When I'm with her, you're with us
Rajat|Take a deep breath and start again . When things are not turning in your way , sometimes it is good to take a break and try it again because the life may sometimes offer a surprising chance which will be waiting for you.
Antoine De Saint Exupery|Love is not about staring at each other, but staring off in the same direction.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|It is never wrong to inspire, for Jesus Christ became an inspiration to many who had been given the tag of condemnation
Dushawn Banks, Love,Pain, & Perception|If someone loves you they'll give you the world free of charge. If the whole world loves you, not even the richest man can compete with that. Love is true power.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Each time a flower blooms, the world is reminded that there is beauty in new beginnings.
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|I hope you remember that you always have a place to hide, away from the noise of the world, away from all that dares to wound your heart. You can always hide within the merciful heart of God.
Latika Teotia|Be appreciative about others, don’t criticize or crib about them. Gossiping will only fill you with negativity. Speak well about others. Positivity begets positivity. Don’t be in a hurry to pass judgment or criticize, check yourself before you do. It’ll pass- once you make a deliberate effort to be positive. If you can’t speak well of others then you have no right to speak ill either. A critical attitude spoils everything. You aren’t happy; in turn you don’t give your best, resultantly you get ticked off. Because you get ticked off you crib and criticize little realizing that you started this vicious circle in the first place. What, then, is the solution? It’s simple. Learn to see the good in everything and, more importantly, ignore the bad. Don’t go to the garden to see only those patches where there’s no grass, the beds where the flowers have not been able to bloom or the places where there are overgrown hedges. Instead go to relax, see the flowers in full bloom. Be thankful that you have sight to see things- you are not blind. Don’t criticize the elevator that broke down this morning- be thankful that you are strong enough to climb stairs. Don’t find fault with your boss and your job- be grateful that you have a job. Don’t look at the world through a tainted window- clean it first and you will realize that it’s bright and sunny outside.
Aishwarya Shiva Pareek|When you get more middle fingers than thumbs up, it's a progress.
Vimalakurti|You associate with living beings by frequenting their migrations. Yet your mind is liberated from all migrations. Just as the lotus, born of mud, is not tainted thereby, So the lotus of the Buddha preserves the realization of voidness.
Eraldo Banovac|It can be accepted that there is a price for man's work, time spent or service done, but never for human dignity.
Eraldo Banovac|We should always respect our teachers, because transforming children into knowledge-oriented young people is a precious and extremely difficult job.
Sheshadharananda, Toward Avinasha|The Himalaya (hɪmalɶyɶ) does not make Rishis, the Rishis make the Himalaya (hɪmalɶyɶ) to be what it is. A Rishi is a beacon of light that expands and clarifies the stretches of vision of all those that connect with her/him here and now. It is like taking a candle into a dark room, and everything in the room is visible. As a natural and spontaneous consequence, the door leading to the open light filled outdoors becomes visible to you. You can now naturally and spontaneously step out of the room that you were trapped in due to the darkness of ignorance, and let your consciousness expand into infinity. Stay in the present moment, in the here and now, my brother. Immerse yourself into the present entirely. Then you will see these Rishis in yourSelf, here and now, and always. The infinitely spaced vast reaches of the picturesque multiple dimensions of the present moment, pregnant with all futures, right here right now, becomes your vision.”Krishna, ‘A Iyer in Jose’s Well
Sheshadharananda, Burned out|If you want to change your life for the better, simple, just choose health for yourself and others, every step, every mode, and every turn; in your psyche, emotions, mental focus, and body; in your thoughts, words, and deeds. Start with the part of your being that your will and willingness currently have a better hold on. It is the body for some, mental focus for some, emotion and psyche for others. And then as you begin to see yourself get healthier and stronger, and hence happier, apply the realized health, strength, and happiness to choose health toward your whole being, past the part of your being you started with, and then you see very quickly that infinite happiness is you, supreme wisdom is you, indomitable power is you, and that you are the sole (soul :) ) Universe potential, and have always been!Unconditional health be you always! Vijayi Bhava! Victory be yours!Amma, ‘A Iyer in Jose’s Well
Sheshadharananda, Burned out|If you want to change your life for the better, simple, just choose health for yourself and others, every step, every mode, and every turn; in your psyche, emotions, mental focus, and body; in your thoughts, words, and deeds. Start with the part of your being that your will and willingness currently have a better hold on. It is the body for some, mental focus for some, emotion and psyche for others. And then as you begin to see yourself get healthier and stronger, and hence happier, apply the realized health, strength, and happiness to choose health toward your whole being, past the part of your being you started with, and then you see very quickly that infinite happiness is you, supreme wisdom is you, indomitable power is you, and that you are the sole (soul :) ) Universe potential, and have always been!Unconditional health be you always! Vijayi Bhava! Victory be yours!"Amma, A Iyer in Jose’s Well
Evy Michaels|Whenever they say I am outgoing, I say...We must have met on the dance floor
Evy Michaels|I see prisoners; those whose minds have been caged by people's ideologies of how they should liveInternally displaced persons who have settled for a lot in life that isn't there'sTell me, how powerful is this fear that you surrender even before the war has beganHow minute is this belief in yourself that you look in the mirror and dare to tell the person on the other side you won't amount to anything?Shame!Set yourself free; rise above your fears and fight. Look in that mirror and declare woe unto those who venture to stand in your way. this is your life, yours alone, use it wisely
Azzah A.R., Nota Perempuan Backpacker|Ke manapun kau pergi, Tuhan ada. Dia perhati setiap gerakan. Dia dengar setiap keluhan. Dia bantu setiap kesulitan. Walaupun kau tinggalkan dia.
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|Sometimes, all we need is just one person who believes in us and who will never give up on us. Someone who sees beyond our weaknesses, beyond our faults. Who knows that though we walk in darkness, we can still find our way into the light.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love will always be blind, but will never be deaf.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|By forgiving others, you consciously cut ties with the negative energies that are binding you.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|There are fears that are worth facing and there are fears that are not. You don't have to face all fears, only the ones that are relevant to you at that moment in time.
Jiten Bhatt|There is a very old saying that says, "Strike the iron when its hot". So start working on the idea when its young. The more you delay the execution of your idea, more will be your drop in enthusiasm and lesser will be your chances for its success.
Charles Samuel D'Monte|Sometimes, good things that go wrong are like seeds. They have to be buried for something bigger and better to sprout out of them.
Jiten Bhatt|People judge you by what they see outside of you, But don't let them judge you, because they never see what is inside of you.
Jiten Bhatt|Positive Thinking does not mean that you never fail, It simply means that you have the courage to try again until you succeed.
Jiten Bhatt|It is important that we learn to smile,Life will anyway teach us to cry!
Jiten Bhatt|Don't get discouraged by present hardships, They are the reason to your success in future."Easy Victory is less valued than a hard one".
Jiten Bhatt|There are a thousand reasons to blame others for your failure, but none of them will give you success, The only way to succeed in future is by taking responsibility of your present failure.
Jiten Bhatt|Murphy's Law states that,"If anything will go wrong, it will".Positive side of this law is,"If anything good can happen, it definitely will happen
Azzah A.R., Nota Perempuan Backpacker|Kita selalu jumpa orang baik-baik sewaktu mengembara, bukan sebab nasib kita baik. Tapi sebab Tuhan kasihan.
Nurudeen Ushawu|The biggest of obstacle in life, is not failure. The biggest obstacle, is the fear of failure.
Nurudeen Ushawu|The biggest obstacle in life, is not failure. The biggest obstacle, is the fear of failure.
Nurudeen Ushawu|The zeal to live and the fire in my heart, is strong enough to burn away any obstacle that may come on my way. I love life too much to be suicidal.
Sarah Rajkotwala, The Year of Talking to Plants: The Plants and Fairies Talk in Their Own Words|Wherever you go, love goes also. - Sarah Rajkotwala
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|To find grace, we need not look so very far ahead. We need only look at the present moment. God gives us grace right now, in the very moment we need it most.
Giuliano Golfieri, Alter Ego: Memorie di un viaggiatore ultracorporeo|Facendo le prime esperienze dentro a un corpo e con un cervello non mio, appresi che allo specchio tutti ci vediamo più simmetrici e affascinanti di come siamo in realtà. Il nostro ego inganna la vista, forse per compiacerci e infondere maggior sicurezza in noi stessi, o forse solo per l’abitudine dell’immagine che ci portiamo dietro dalla nascita e che vediamo alterarsi microscopicamente ogni giorno che passa.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fear takes you low, faith takes you high, but love takes you everywhere.
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|Love has a certain element of tenderness, which alone pierces through the heart and binds us more intimately than any force in the universe ever can.
Mishi McCoy|Baby, I'm not afraid. I've been to hell and back. I'm a free spirit, a wild child and a renegade.
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|It isn’t violence that can break through our hearts. It isn’t force that binds us and keeps us together. Only tenderness has the power to accomplish what the fullness of love desires to do. Tenderness that approaches us little by little, and handles our feelings with the deepest affection and delight. Tenderness that is willing to wait for the right time until we are ready and we are no longer afraid.
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|There at the cross, we see all pain and darkness conquered in such a way that it is defeated forever. Not by disregarding it. Not by denying it. But by giving value even to our tears. By loving everything about us, including our very worst hurts.
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|How do you wipe away pain? You don’t. You put in tenderness, compassion and joy. You cling to hope and then you offer everything to God. And you wait, with faith you see all things anew – light shines out from darkness, happiness grows through every pain, and all things become indeed so very beautiful in His time.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|Liberty is about being free and is granted by laws and conventions and government permissions. Freedom is about feeling free, and the only permission you need for that is your own.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|I am a Freedom Seeker, willing and able to choose my own path.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|I am a Freedom Seeker, committed to experiencing my life as my true self.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|We aren't either afraid or brave, we’re usually both.
Melody  Lee|Don’t be afraid of your struggles, they are making you dangerously strong and wise. They are preparing you for your superpowers. Let them happen, otherwise you’ll stay in the same damn place you’ve always been, and until you know there is so much more awesomeness in the world and within you, you’ll be content in your tiny cocoon, spinning the same circles day in and day out. Your struggles are transforming you.
Genereux Philip|I call her Google, Because she got everything I'm searching for
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|The deepest wounds of the soul are healed only by compassion... People do not merely need to be clothed, they need to be embraced with love. A love that enters into their own fears and frailty, a love that suffers with them and stays with them through their darkest hour.
Mishi McCoy, The Lovely Knowing|With broken wings, I will learn to fly; because one way or another, I'm gonna live until I die.
Mishi McCoy|You can choose to be pitiful or you can choose to be powerful, but you cannot at the same time, be both.
Mishi McCoy, The Lovely Knowing|We long for authenticity, yet spend much time comparing and contrasting ourselves to others. We are each one special, unique and authentic in our own right. The only way to measure yourself is not against another, but by the Creators divine blueprint of you and you alone. Be yourself~ you are divinely different and unique!
Mishi McCoy|Your present circumstances may seem limited, but you are never limited by your present circumstances.
Mishi McCoy|The Lovely Knowing, your source of intuition and inspiration may not always be explainable, but it is always attainable!
Mishi McCoy|Sometimes, you simply must give yourself permission to fall apart.
Maisie A. Smikle|Faith...your hope in the unseenYou can't touch itYou can't see itYou can't smell itYou can't hear itYou can't taste itYou can't live without itO the weightless burden of faithKeeps us at our Father's feetPleadingly whispering... Abba, Abba, Abba...
Matshona Dhliwayo|When God wants to give you a miracle, He first gives you a problem.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Beware trying to iron out all your quirks, perceived flaws and doubts. It's often these things that help you find strength, compassion, empathy for others and heart.
Jason J. Black|I am not here to compete in the war of words, I am here to nurture the future of stories.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fortify your mind, bullet proof your heart, strengthen your soul.
Mark W Boyer|If all you ever focus on is the negative, then that's all you shall see ever see.
Sean Kilpatrick, Sir William Forsythe's Freebase Nuptials|When I was born, the doctor slit my throat to see if I could talk.
Matshona Dhliwayo|We are all born stars, but some refuse to shine and others make it their life’s mission to glow.
Maisie A. Smikle|Infinitely, eternal is God's loveUnchanging, immovable and all consuming is His loveGod's love is food for your hungerStrength for the weak and Healing waters for your thirstGod's love is deeper than the oceanWider than the sea Taller than the highest mountainHis love knows no boundariesAnd has no limitsGod's love surpasses all Understanding and imagination And is free to all, who will believe
Abdau Qur'ani|Tidak akan ada namanya kesuksesan, tanpa adanya suatu usaha. Keberuntungan adalah ketika kesempatan dan usaha saling bertemu
Tracy Sillato, My Maasai Experience: Reflections|As a human race, we lost and we are still losing a lot of humanity in the process of progress
G Swiss|The most important key to bettering yourself - is just that "yourself" - (g swiss)
Basu Singh|Art is an imagination, crafted over innocent dreams and vibrant integrity.
Sandra Proto|Sometimes you get caught up in someone's energy. The energy surrounds you and restricts you, but your own energy is more stronger. You fight a long battle but your energy wins at the end and the other person's energy dissipates into tiny particles that you brush from your mind. You are finally free.
Mark W Boyer|If you have something standing between you and your goals, don't wait for it to move... go around it.
Emma Chase, Royally Endowed|Life changes us, with its twists and turns, in ways we don't always see coming. It changes what we want, what we dream, lays blessings in our hands better than anything we could've imagined.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A single candle has the power to light up a room, a single star has the power to light up the sky, and a single soul has the power to light up the world.
Akshmala Sharma|If you want to fly, wear the wing of wisdom.
Stephanie Lahart|Yes, a person can accept your apology and forgive you for what you’ve said, but they will never forget how you made them feel at that very moment. Words can stick in a person’s mind, heart, and spirit long after the words have been spoken. Don’t be in denial; words have GREAT power. Be wise when you speak!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Looking up at the stars only proves you admire them, but shining your light proves you are like them.
Savania China|Always assume your assumptions about others are wrong. Because often, they are
Savania China, Challenge and Improve: Confronting, and Deriving Valuable Life Lessons from, Popular Quotes|Although sometimes the road to success follows a path less-travelled, a path less-travelled often leads to nowhere
Savania China|Success is not a finite resource; share it, wish it on others, and celebrate others
Germany Kent|Thank God for allowing you to see another day. No matter what, keep trusting, keep believing, be strong, have hope. The best is yet to come.
Harrish Sairaman|Never focus on achieving your goals, focus on achieving the behaviors and beliefs that will help you achieve your goals
Harrish Sairaman|No target is ‘easy or difficult’ on its own, it depends on who you are, that makes the target look easy or difficult!!!!
Harrish Sairaman|When you have a kid in your house, it's time to learn rather than teach!!!
Harrish Sairaman|Muscle breakdowns are important for muscle growth and similarly, Life breakdowns are important for quantum Life growth
Harrish Sairaman|Change is inevitable; what matters is whether you spend more time in denial, acceptance or performance?
APJ Abdul Kalam|If you Fail, never Give Up because FAIL means First Attempt In Learning!End is not the End, it meansEffort Never Dies!If you get No as an answer; remember NOmeans Next Opportunity!
Maisie A. Smikle|You are good groundThe seeds are sownNurture them with faithGuard them with prayerKeep the crows away with the word of GodYour seeds will grow and bear good fruitsOf love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When I was poor, I was rich because I was happy; when I was wealthy, I was poor because I was sad.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As the sky is too big for two stars to clash, the world is big enough for all of us to shine.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|The black, the white, the brown, the red, the yellow, the hetero, the homo, the trans, the poor, the rich, the literate, the illiterate, the weak, the strong – all are my sisters and brothers. My life is their life. And till the last breath in my body, I shall be serving you all with all the power in my veins. And beyond death, my ideas shall be serving you for eternity.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|When you fall short of your goals and dreams ask yourself is it your mindset, perspective, expectations, effort, approach, acceptance, company or a blend of these that needs to change.
Bible|Give thanks in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus" (1 Thess. 5:18).
rachel kabura|How far we go to seek redemption, but in all these, have we really sacrificed enough to find our peaceful place?
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|I am the thread of unification that goes through humans of all religions, cultures and ideologies while reinforcing their innate sense of one humanity.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|Give me your soul and I will give you a unified humanity replete with courage, conscience and compassion.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|O my brave Almighty Human, with the ever-effulgent flow of courage, conscience and compassion, turn yourself into a vivacious humanizer, and start walking with bold footsteps while eliminating racism, terminating misogyny, destroying homophobia and all other primitiveness that have turned humanity into the most inhuman species on earth.
Stephanie Lahart|I have found that when you GENUINELY love what you do, time isn’t a factor. As a matter of fact, time doesn’t even exist.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If size really mattered, a match wouldn’t be able to set a forest on fire.
Rich Hungerford|Each of us has a mountain to climb. To reach the summit you need to understand who you are and what you can do. Without an idea of your strengths and weaknesses you cannot define your personal limits. Survival training helps you figure that bit out. It makes you stronger, more fearless and ultimatley resilient! There is no easy or pain free way to the summit – you just have to endure and climb to it by yourself.
Ashwini Shenoy|The human mind is a magical labyrinth. It is a mystical universe within you, where everything eventually materializes. So be careful of what you put in it. For it is only your thoughts that can decide the possible from the impossible.
Nicky Verd|When the struggle is over, those that have distance themselves from you will line-up to re-introduce themselves!
~ Jimi Hendrix (1942-1970), musician|Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Maisie A. Smikle|Who say mo'?You say mo'?I say mo'Mo' what?Mo' who?Mo' when?More Jesus. Right Now!To stop the fightingBackbiting, interrogatingPropagating, disruptionCorruption and eruption!Disseminate the man...Which man?The man called Jesus.The Son of GodThe MessiahThe Prince of PeaceThe Good ShepherdEmmanuelLord of lordsKing of all kingsAnd Ruler of Everything.So you say mo?Yes I say mo'We all say mo'More of the man called Jesus.
George MacDonald, The Princess and the Goblin|Seeing is not believing, it is only seeing,”George MacDonald, The Princess and the Goblin
Kandarp Gandhi, Buddhist Banker : Money can't buy happiness, Wisdom can.|Success is not a summit to climb, It is an equilibrium where work and life are balanced
Tom  Wood, The Final Hour|In a life threatening situation, whether terrorism or a rockslide, what kills most people is slowness to react. Regular lives are so safe, so event-less that there is a lack of comprehension when faced with death. It's not necessarily shock. IT's disbelief. It's dismissal. Civilians say to themselves, I've got this wrong, this isn't what I think. But it is, and by the time they've realized, it's too late. And of course sometimes they do in fact have it wrong. They've misread the situation, and they're left embarassed and maybe ashamed. But....." "But they're alive," Mayes finished.
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|If you were happy with all you had, then you’d grow, If the sun and moon could make you glad, then you’d know. With food on your plate and a place to sleep, be thankful and you’ll be given more to keep, Just for now, what you need for now. Feel you are worthy, you will not lack, you’ll enjoy life and love to give back, Forgiving others you forgive yourself, which makes more room to live and be well, Just allow. For every gift you give extends, more love and wealth the heavens send, Again and again, ten times ten, Because you are loved more than you know, your mistakes turn you into a loving soul, You’ll learn how.” Trinity, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|BELIEVING IS SEEING what you want! Seeing, might be believing, what you don't want! Your inside eyes are your special sight, to create your life in every way, But the environment you see with your eyes creates your thoughts every day. The beliefs that come from outside of you will make more of the same; So to see a change you must think out of the box; this is how you play the game. What you think, see and feel all at once, is how you create your life; Be the observer in your heart and mind, not what will repeat your strife, This will promote a healthy brain, to focus on joy rather than pain, See what you want, as if it is happening NOW, the Little People just showed you how! Because, your imagination is your real tool, no matter what anybody else tells you!The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|The kingdom of nature has such a job, That can even make a goblin’s heart throb, It’s true, only a handful of people can see. They’re the breath and life of the planet to be, And all this effort is done for a reason, To build energy that creates a plentiful season!The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Muhammad Talha|Your real journey starts from the point when you realize that your life, ambition, success, dreams, achievements, future, everything is on your own.
pavankumarguptha|Time makes you to run from it so,be quick at your decisions you decide
Bel Arnesto|Do not memorize the book! but appreciate what realization it will give it to you . . Like Math,the difficult one, it's not about the formula you've known but it's about the result that gives you and which makes value, "experiences, learnings that you should share to others"Takes pride!
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|It can appear that Ellarie has it hard to be seen and to be heard. Sometimes this is her way and maybe not the best, but it is a way she often uses, I have to confess. Her invisible poke or pinch is to help those believe, in more than just a ghostly story or what the eyes can perceive. The brighter your light shines will give a clue, to the goodness you attract that follows you.”Trinity, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Rajesh Walecha|You know "HOW' then address it right now.
Maisie A. Smikle|While they proceedTo and fro, andCome and go Like Spring, SummerAutumn and WinterChastise, Criticize And SlanderJesus still remainsA Wonder
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|Always look at the message, not the messenger!”The Little People, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Tonny K. Brown|The only shores you will never reach in life are those you have allowed yourself to believe, were too far.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|If you can choose your way into a cage, you can choose your way out.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|While you cannot always change your situation, you can always change the way you respond to it.
Scott Stabile|It only hurts us to love when we do so with expectation. And that’s not really love, anyway. Love has no expectations, no qualifiers, no conditions. Love is pure, untouched by our mind’s demands, untainted by our desperation and fear. Love can only be beautiful. It can only be divine. No, love doesn’t hurt, not when it’s real. Love empowers. It strengthens. It reminds us who we really are and why we’re really here. Love, more than anything else in this entire world, heals us.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the wind brushes against you, do not complain; it brushes against everyone.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You were not born to impress the world, but to impress the universe.
Ludwig Reiners in : Norbert Kutschki, Gedanken für den Alltag - Übersetzung: TheWolfmyinnerSoul /Arv|The insight into the true order of values is not easy to achieve. It is difficult for anyone to prevail in the struggle against the fear, which does not serve an old Goethean advice. In the ideal communion which Goethe draws up in his wandering years, the quaint rule is that their members must never speak of past or future, but only of the present present.Most people sacrifice the day to the day. They are not satisfied with the task of considering and solving the problems they are now posing, but in anxious thoughts they draw down on the burden of coming times. Although we can never take the second step before we have done the first, we always consider the fiftieth or the hundredth. But Johannes Muller's theorem is one of the fundamental principles of life: "Do what is present, and wait, what will."Very many have a strange position on the past, present and future. The past transfigures them, they despair of the future, and the present they fail to miss, by their memories and fears. But the present is the only real thing that does not seize it, never reaches life. That is why we should consciously enjoy every tolerable hour without letting it darken future clouds.
TheWolfmyinnerSoul - Arven|You cannot change others, all you can do is change yourself. If there’s something in your life you don’t like; it’s up to you to alter how you face that issue. Whither it’s something about yourself, or an issue you face; when you change the pattern of energy, you can change the thing causing stress and strife. In doing this, you change the pattern not only in your life, but in how others react to you as well.
TheWolfmyinnerSoul - Arven|If your dreams rely on how others deal with you, then you must change those patterns you have control over. The ones within yourself. Make sure you have thought things through and created alternative plans in case others do no react the way you hope they will. Rose colored glasses are great when used to change your view of the negativity around you. But they can be dangerous when you refuse to look at the negative patterns you yourself feed energy into.
TheWolfmyinnerSoul - Arven|Be careful what you wish for, be careful how you plan your dreams. Make sure you work out the details and are open to alternatives if things need to be tweaked along the way. Don’t feel as though you must compromise everything, or settle for something less. But don’t be so set in stone that you can not go with the flow of Divine energy as it tries to help you manifest your desires in the best possible pattern of energy for you in this time and space.
Arven-TheWolfmyinnerSoul|If you can control your actions and reactions, you’ll rule the day. The key for message is …. stay in balance, Mind/Body/Spirit and you will spend the day in celebration of abundance, friendship and joy.
Arven-TheWolfmyinnerSoul|Being a friend means knowing how to keep a confidence. Knowing when to be supportive and when to be quiet and show compassion. Sometimes saying nothing at all is the best thing you can do, because all that’s really needed is a hug.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|A boy was regarded King to be, in a land only a child could see. We admit it could be a difficult task, just in case you are inclined to ask, for those who would even vaguely begin, to remember the child that comes from within, of a modern world still hardened by past and rules that can make you grow up fast. Yet into the imagination, we hope you escape, from beliefs that your life may potentially shape; try to let go of what you normally resist, while exploring the way nature and a boy co-exist.” See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Our traditions teach us the past is not forgot, yet the past repeats the future believe it or not. If we dwell on the negative, we continue to make, an unhealthy life we must never forsake. Our fairy ring teaches us cause and effect, what we give to the world, returns to us direct!”Chepi, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|You might just be compelled to hear, that there is folklore about a boy so dear, a legend the fairies readily discern, of a good King’s rule upon his return. A boy, a boy is in front of me, I know not who this human could be. I will just become a part of this tree! Unless he cries a desperate plea, I shall then be allowed to reach out to thee.”Deetkatu, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|My head says forget it, my heart says I’ll regret it, and what my stomach tells me, I should not ignore. Oh no, I gotta go, give me a leave, not your sleeve! I know this will cease, when I feel peace. So I will help a boy, come to Joy, a risk I shall take, it’s no mistake, my stomach tells me so.” Deetkatu, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Now Arthur, if humans could learn to gaze with their eyes or use their special sight, they would realize there is more to seeing than just what is in front of them!” Den the Wise Oak Tree, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|When you are open and aware, it allows for all magical possibilities! We, here in the forest, can see all that goes on in our environment on the surface; but we have true awareness that sees beyond the shallow! This belief comes from the depths of wisdom that there is more than meets the eyes!”Den the Wise Oak Tree, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|When you truly believe in the desires of your heart, they show themselves to you, creating a world you wish to see. When you believe in the bad things of your world, they also become visible, weighing on your heart, which makes peace hard to find.” Den the Wise Oak Tree, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Whatever ‘I AM,’ you are! You are, I AM, not me you see, but you are ‘I AM’ is what will be!”Deetkatu, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Bad in good and good in bad, see the life you could have had? Your life is the keyhole, and you are the key, don’t look back, NOW choose to be happy!”Deetkatu, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport|Be aware! Bad things can happen and the bigger they are, the greater the test. You can learn from them or pity yourself and focus on the negative, which will never get you out of the lesson, remember you hold the key!”Den the Wise Oak Tree, See the little people…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|When I am happy and when I really focus, I can! Whatever I dream of with my thoughts becomes a part of my world, my plan.”Deetkatu, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Sometimes humans just don't listen, they ‘take’ to fill a space that’s missin’!Deetkatu, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport|Grampa says the grass is not greener on the other side. All grass changes with the seasons, it grows, it browns, and it can die if you do not nurture it. You must accept the changes, yet the grass is as green as you make it right here and now! Going from one meadow to another does not change the season! Or the meadow!Deetkatu, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|You mean to tell me that you have made a human friend? It could be dangerous and I must urge it to end! Deetkatu, where is your sense?” Grampa's tone was abruptly tense.Grampa Foster, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Being in our secret place brings much peace and the more we go there, the more it will increase. Now we let it all go by, have faith in what we see and it IS what will be.”Gramma Tenanye, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Be mindful of the thoughts and emotions you put out, they will only project back to you like a boomerang, no doubt!”Grampa Foster, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|If you say something over and over and over again you may just start to believe it. If you truly do believe it, you can be sure you will receive it.Selkie Anne, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|Grampa Foster always says that every single experience has something to teach us about ourselves. “So don’t expect to get too comfortable or you’ll never learn a thing!”Trinity, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Germany Kent|Reach out and help others. If you have the power to make someone happy, do it. Be a vessel, be the change, be the difference, or be the inspiration. Shine your light as an example. The world needs more of that.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|There is no greater prize than a quiet, peaceful mind.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|The journey of the Freedom Seeker isn’t always easy. But it is essential, and it is urgent, for it is the path to coming alive again.
Grace Sara|If you take society’s definition of knowing oneself, you will become lost in the many translations.
Liza Osae-Kwapong|Let your love for books grow, as your confidence grows too.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|If you’re trapped in a cage, you don’t want to start being grateful for the protection of the bars. You need to be grateful that there are gaps in between them so you can see what’s on the other side.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|Escape is a process, not a pill.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|You have the power to choose joyful living through your thoughts, actions, and choices.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|People are capable at anytime in their lives,of doing what they dream of
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|All around the world, people are exuberantly laughing right now.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|You have a nearly a 0% chance of affecting change in others attitudes, behaviors, and skullduggery. However, you have a 100% chance of affecting your own attitude, behavior, resiliency, and reaction to all things within your direct ability to shape the outcome.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Joy is all around me, and I celebrate it all.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|It is perhaps, its ability to penetrate the multidimensional layers of the human condition at all, that makes poetry and art so valuable in today's modern age.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|Don't dwell too long on the past, forgive and let it go. Too many hours have been wasted on old regrets and sorrow.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|Wonder is all around us, when we know how to look. It's often in the simple spaces; a meadow, a stream, an unturned rock.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|Love cannot be contained, love is destined to transcend and change.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|What are we before love? But thoughts floating upon a sea. Searching for a shore to explore, to gaze into infinity.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|You played my heart as it was meant to be played, a little, then all at once.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|When we're together, I'm a leaf floating on a pond. Weightlessly in love.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|Every piece of you is a living library of creation. The deeper I look, the more I see.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Being sensitive is a gift that fosters peace. Help create a kinder, gentler world by embracing it.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|My life guides offer my comfort, solace, joy, love, and bliss. I gratefully accept it, as needed, for my highest good and the highest good of all life.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am creative, blissful, and blessed!
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Every peak and valley of your life has led you to deeper understanding and, ultimately, growing compassion.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I let my love for all flow through art, and I express how I feel.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Go outside, wherever you are, and appreciate each drop of water, each flower, each architectural work of art.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am natured into blissful radiance by nature, Natura, and my elemental friends.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I dance through life, living my bliss, steeped in joy.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Every day could be your last, so share your love far and wide with everyone you adore.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|My life is wondrous, and I appreciate it every day!
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Cultivating daily calm, even for a few minutes, yields a core of centered wellness.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|My inner waters are healthy, balanced, and full of bliss for all time.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I accept love and bliss from benevolent, highly vibrational spirit friends for my highest good.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I jump for joy every day. My body pulses with joy, and my vibration soars. I feel amazing.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Giving from the heart lights a flame of kindness, forever illuminating your world.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I let new experiences enliven my being and awaken new, amazing parts of my being. I experience life with joy and receive its bliss.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Find the beauty in situations where it is not obvious, and you will create voluminous joy in your life.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I live a grateful life, and the result is pure joy and happiness.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|There are endless ways to thank the people who have contributed to your life. Dole out thanks, and your life will bloom.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am nature, and I am grateful.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Loving spirits are with you every step of the way, cheering you on and offering help when they can. You are never alone.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I celebrate who I am, what I love, and all of my blessings that lead to joy.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|In reality, everyone is unlimited. All limits are simply illusions. Understanding is the breeze that sweeps them away.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I celebrate the connections in my life, from my past, present, and future. I joyfully accept love in all its healthy forms!
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Animal allies are all around, offering beauty and connection.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I jump into color bliss, today and every day!
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|You are part of nature, and its pulse beats in your veins.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am worthy of daily joy, and I will treat myself to a glorious day of complete bliss at least once per month.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Set aside even one day just for fun, and you will improve the next seven.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I boogie my bliss, dance away my density, and jump into joy!
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Imagine a brilliant rose of pure love in your heart. Next, see a twinkling flower within the hearts of all you meet.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|My ancestors offer me bliss, love, and light. I gratefully receive that which is for my highest good and release the rest back into the pure, white light.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|When we fill our hearts with self-love, we kindle sparks of compassion all around us.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I love myself totally, completely, and unconditionally.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Flowers, trees, and leaves are all gorgeous expressions of nature’s innate joy. Notice the bounty surrounding you.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am filled with abundance, gratitude, and love.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I allow myself to rest deeply and be rejuvenated, trusting the love of the angels to support and hold me for my highest good.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Comfort, joy, and love are key ingredients to a rich, pleasurable life. Prize them.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|In choosing consciousness, we gift ourselves with presence.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I give and accept waves of welcome. I attract wonderful, life-minded friends who enrich my life.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|My sacred twins live in blissful harmony, and I am integrated.
Liza D. Osae-Kwapong|A book is like life, there are only so many chapters.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I seize the moment and create bliss, right now!
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I journal my joy, and my joy expands exponentially forevermore. So be it.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|There is something lovable about almost everyone you encounter. Uncover it, and you will experience true compassion.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|You were born of two flawed yet beautiful souls. Happiness is your birthright, and love is your guide.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|When you consciously choose to do what you love, life becomes a pleasure and ceases to be a chore.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|My spirit is joyful, and I love my higher self. I am my higher self.
Kandarp Gandhi, Buddhist Banker : Money can't buy happiness, Wisdom can.|Be the change, you seek from society
Germany Kent|Everyday presents a new opportunity to grow and press forward to your success. Stay the course believing that where you are right now doesn't matter, as long as you are moving in the right direction.
Germany Kent|Today if anything is trying to hold you back, give no attention to it. Get your hopes up, get your faith up, look up, and get ready to rise up.
Eraldo Banovac|Kids, no matter how big your problems are – ask your parents for help and advice.
Germany Kent|If you're struggling today, remember that life is worth living and believe that the best is yet to come. Remember that you are loved, you matter, and never forget that there is always hope.
Germany Kent|God has already equipped you with the skills you need to achieve your dreams. If you just try, work hard, take control of your destiny, remain true to yourself and believe it is possible, you will have unlimited power to achieve the impossible.
Thanhha Lai, Listen, Slowly|At first the weight of loss was thrust upon me so harshly I could only take a short breath, just enough to endure the next few seconds, only to find I must inhale again. Every person in turmoil thinks the boulder on her chest will never lift. Yet the same boulder awakens an equally strong urge to live.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Till I have your disposition, your goodness, I never can have your happiness.”~ Jane Austen (Pride & Prejudice)
Scott Stabile|Happiness is not a choice, or we’d all be happy. Let’s stop putting unnecessary pressure on ourselves to be happy all the time, and to pretend we can choose to be happy whenever we want. That’s not how life works. Sure, we can make choices that reflect a commitment to our well-being, and the more of these choices we make, the more likely we are to find ourselves feeling good more often. Healthy choices are within our power, and are important. But we can’t choose happiness, and we just set ourselves up for failure by believing we can. Life is more than happiness, anyway. It’s okay to feel all the things we feel. It’s human. There’s no shame in wanting to be happy, of course. We all want to be happy. But rather than try to choose happiness, maybe we can choose to being kinder and more loving. That we can do. We can work hard to take better care of ourselves, and better care of each other. If we do these things, and we remember that we are all connected, all brothers and sisters, all worthy of love, maybe then happiness will choose us a little more often.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Spirit is a child, the tune of dancing feet its lullaby.
Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh|Thirty two men keep guarding the tongue. Since it keeps a sense, still speaks non sense.
Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh|She never asked for money, for gifts and priced ones, she always asked me for priceless love that was worth billions, where I failed.
Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh|When men at forward fail to achieve the goal, they describe the victory lies in defending.
Jazmeen Osae-Kwapong|You haven't learned anything, until you've read a good book.
Liza D. Osae-Kwapong|Let your love for book grow, as your confidence grows.
Agnes of Rome|I place my trust in You, O adorable Blood, our Redemption, our regeneration. Fall, drop by drop, into the hearts that have wandered from You and soften their hardness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sun stands out not because it merely shines, but because it shines on everyone.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Never doubt, when you begin with something that it will end in failure. Our thought is transformed as picture in our mind.
Maisie A. Smikle|Jesus is in your cornerNo matter how smallOr how large your corner may beLet Him know That you knowHe is thereAnd always will beThat caring friendThat You will always have Now and foreverIs Jesus Christ, Lord and Saviour xoxoxo! muah! lol!He just blew a kiss right in your cornerHave a blessed day!
Rasheed Ogunlaru|There is no shortage of external inspiration. Open your eyes and look and you'll be dazzled by it. But it's nothing if you fail to see the magic, wonder and potential that resides within.
Stalina Goodwin, Dear Beautiful: 31 Days of Affirmations for Women|Often our understanding of ourselves can be ruined by the way we are treated, by things we have done that we are ashamed of, things we have gone through and by our inability to comprehend our own personal loveliness. You have to choose to believe the truth about you which is, you are lovable. You are not a screw up who messes everything up. You are valuable and you are not a waste of space. The world would not be better off without you, in fact, you have a gift to give the world. You have a story that someone else needs to hear.
Susan Meissner, The Girl in the Glass|Shut your eyes to the world of pain, and you also shut your eyes to the world of delight.
Josef Camilleri|Don't be afraid of change. You may lose something good, but you will gain something better.
Kaushik Ram, Hidden World: The Inside Story of the Soul|As with all matters of ht heart, the odds may not be in our favour but it is the only risk worth taking.
Kaushik Ram, Hidden World: The Inside Story of the Soul|As with all matters of the heart, the odds may not be in our favour but it is the only risk worth taking.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If they say you will fall, rise. If they say you will fail, succeed. If they say you will break, kept it together. If they say you will deteriorate, flourish.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A star is not afraid of darkness, for its light comes from within.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In light, there is no darkness; and in darkness, there is no light.
Matisyahu|Life will go on without you, because in the end it's not about you.
Helen Keller|Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. God Himself is not secure, having given man dominion over His works! Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. The fearful are caught as often as the bold. Faith alone defends. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. To keep our faces toward change and behave like free spirits in the presence of fate is strength undefeatable.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|Deep down we all know that freedom is a choice, yet so many of us don’t feel that truth.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|In finding the courage and confidence to escape our cages and shine, we help others do the same.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You were given the problems you have because you can solve them; the burdens, because you can carry them; the trials, because you can overcome them; the opponents, because you can beat them; and the enemies, because you can conquer them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to know a person’s true character, observe how he treats those who don’t matter.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you can’t move a mountain by faith, move it by carrying away stone by stone.
Gowtham Gurunath|When people fail to recognize your work just don't give up yet. Because it's not always about the recognition, sometimes it's about the "passion" that we hold onto..!!!
Jerusha Anna Philipose|Make your dreams your goals, so that they are a part of you and not just a wish.
Avijeet Das|As Conor McGregor says he is the best and it is not out of arrogance. When confidence oozes from every inch of you, you know you have it in you! Go ahead! Smash the obstacles! Be the best in whatever you do!
Richard A. Silvia|We are a part of love, not separate from it
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|When you are trapped in a cage with broken wings, freedom can seem like a faraway deeply buried treasure. But it is always within reach.
Suhagini|When life gets too hard on you just forget everything,be yourself and move on
Oprah Winfrey, What I Know for Sure|Every action, thought and feeling is motivated by an intention, and that intention is a cause that exists as one with an effect. If we participate in the cause, it is not possible for us not to participate in the effect. In this most profound way, we are held responsible for our every action, thought, and feeling which is to say, for our every intention…it is therefore, wise for us to become aware of the many intentions that inform our experience, to sort out which intentions produce which effects, and to choose our intentions according to the effects that we desire to produce.
Victoria Barnes|There's power within you, and it's your job to turn the lights on.
A.J. Garces|The only reason you should ever look down on someone, is to help them up.
Atlas Gondal|Don’t take decision blindly, #1 Put yourself in other’s situation#2 Observe the situation#3 Make decision#4 Forgive (If Possible)Because strictness and revenge cannot meet your loss. God is the only one, who can meet your losses! 
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|Everything you do matters. Every time you share and care, the light multiplies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Spend time with people who enrich your mind, nourish your heart, and illuminate your soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Whether your glass is half full or half empty, hope can fill it up.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|Remember, that username is a real person. Choose to spread the love online.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|Kindness alchemizes the soul, and a sweeter, richer life is the delicious result.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|If you knew today was your last day here, how would you share your love with the world?
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|Find the light within you through meditation and introspection, and you will illuminate your life from within.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|You are a dynamo, and every day offers a choice to create a life you love.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|The beauty of compassion is free, and everyone is welcome to it.
Ruthi Postow Birch, How to Build a Piano Bench|If it's the other guy's fault, you can't fix it. Don't blame other people for your problems. That gives them all the power. Own up to your mistakes.
Vinay Garg|Take a leap of faith on your dreams, not for me and not for the society, just for yourself.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|Talk to yourself like a cherished friend. Treat yourself with love and care. You are perfect, just as you are.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Anger has great strength, but no brains. Greed has a great appetite, but no heart.Pride has a great spirit, but no soul.
Sid Mittra, To Bee or Not to Bee: Winning Against All Odds|Stop feeling sorry for yourself and get to work, your future lies ahead of you
Sear Greyson|We are made of stars. So, what's impossible?
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|Freedom is found within, in the shape of our laughter and the way we love, in the truths that we live by and the stories we become
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|Freedom wanders in the landscape of the mind, and nourishes the deepest yearnings of the soul.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|Feeling free is a choice that is ours for the making, ours for the taking at any time, at any age. 
Kayode Ajomole|Man may never stop being inconsistent.For his desires and passions moult consistentlyHusbands, be aware that your wife will always be inconsistent.The woman should know that He will never cease to amaze herHence, tie not your love to your characters.Let your souls cleave.Still he who has erred should be open to corrections for such things can also cleave a non-crossable path between them.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Masters today, were Starters Yesterday, so begin now.
Sid Mittra, To Bee or Not to Bee: Winning Against All Odds|Bad things happen in life, but we must learn to deal with them and move on
Matshona Dhliwayo|The mind dies, but its thoughts live on. The heart perishes, but its experiences live on. The body expires, but its spirit lives on.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you look into the mirror, you can’t even see your heart; but when God looks at your shadow, He sees your soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The world is already full of critics; to stand out, be an encourager.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|Excuses, we all have them, but successful choose not to use them
Stacey Chillemi|Optimistic people bring a sense of hope into the world. Encouraging people bring a new meaning to life. They help you see past the clouds on a glooming day. They bring sunlight every day” ― From my book, Faith, Courage, Wisdom Strength and Hope: Inspirational Poetry That Comes Straight from the Heart
ANIKOR Daniel|The elevator to success is out of order, as you climb; you re-arrange to suit your own call.
Tina Hallis, Sharpen Your Positive Edge: Shifting Your Thoughts for More Positivity and Success|In every set of circumstances, we get to create our own experience.
Kate Corsen, Men: The Field Guide|Reflection of the Past, Acceptance of What Was, and the Discovery of the Humor in All ThingsHeals Even the Deepest of Wounds
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|Never live in fear or regret, live in lessons learned that make you better and keep going forward
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|Until you become who you are supposed to become, you will never live how you are supposed to live. Start acting like who you are supposed to become and not who you are now
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|It doesn't matter if you have to kick, crawl, scratch, hop, limp, hobble, or be carried to the finish line. Just make sure you finish you race.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|For every excuse that you've ever had or came up with of why you can't or couldn't, there's someone who's had that same excuse or even worse, but found a way and did
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|If you see a shot, shoot.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|Dream again, think again, and live again.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|You can either complain about it or grind, I choose to grind.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|If you're going to be fighting anyway, why not fight to win and not just to survive.
Mestar Digital|At the end of the day, what makes the biggest difference in your success is the action you take. By Mestar Digital 2017
Mestar Digital|Remember, It doesn't matter what you can do, what really matters is what you will do.
Edward Torvalds|So in my uncertainty, I went to graduate school and their it all happened
Edward Torvalds|So in my uncertainty, I went to graduate school and there it all happened
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the past could be changed, it would not exist. If the future could be stopped, it would not survive. If the present could be avoided, it would not prevail.
Genereux Philip|Overthinking is parasitic. It’s viral. It’s deadly, even. Letting yourself fall victim to overthinking doesn’t just kill your happiness, it destroys who you are. The mind is a beautiful and complex thing, and the only person who can hurt it is yourself.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Art of Talking to Yourself|When you love people, you are curious about who they are, what they think, and how they feel. You watch them closely, wondering about their experience and what you can do to make it more enjoyable. You feel compassion for their pain and seek to make it more bearable. You are eager to learn the unique language of their existence. You want to under-stand them, inspire them, heal them. What if you could look at yourself this way?
Max McKeown, #NOW: The Surprising Truth About the Power of Now|Nowists get off on getting on, so they run when they could walk, jump when they could sit and dance when they could sit at the edge. They regret inaction, so simply act.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If stars avoided the dark, they would not be visible at night.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Because no one is walking in your shoes, only you feel the sores on your feet.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Friendships - and indeed most relationships - are measured in the closeness of hearts, minds and soul ties... not in the distance of physical miles or even the passing of time.
Kandarp Gandhi, Buddhist Banker : Money can't buy happiness, Wisdom can.|Hard work beats talent, when talent doesn’t work hard
Kandarp Gandhi, Buddhist Banker : Money can't buy happiness, Wisdom can.|When time is not in your favor, be in favor of time
Jennifer Ho-Dougatz|At what point does "one day" become today?
Margueruite Porete|I am God, says Love, for Love is God and God is Love, and this Soul is God by the condition of Love. I am God by divine nature and this Soul is God by the condition of Love. Thus this precious beloved of mine is taught and guided by me, without herself, for she is transformed into me, and such a perfect one, says Love, takes my nourishment.
St. John|Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. The one who believes in me will live, even though they die; and whoever lives by believing in me will never die. Do you believe this?
Thomas Kempis|First keep the peace within yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|Between the MileI have always counted the miles.Sometimes they came quick,Other times slow.The distance between things,The way I could know.Close could feel far,And far could feel near.The miles that passed too quickly,The ones I ran out of fear.They weren’t all the same,So I had been told,The unmarked trails,And the days I was bold.Some miles went down,Spiraling so low,When I was afraid to look forward,There was nowhere to go.The sunset came fast,And the day turned to night,But the trails could be endless,If I looked at them right.Everything I knew,All I was told,The conversations left behind,The people who grew old.When the miles stretched out before me,I wanted to sew them at the seam,Looking forward and then back,Holding everything in between.
Debbie Ford, Courage: Overcoming Fear and Igniting Self-Confidence|It takes a warrior's courage to acknowledge that your point of view matters, that your truth matters, that your gifts matter, and that your presence on this earth matters. You don't have to earn this right; it's yours as part of your birthright.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|You are not who you think you are. You are not who they want you to be. You are not merely your colour, class, gender - and so on - these are quite narrow things. You are not the ideas you are given and gather. You are not what you own or lay claim to. You are not even your life story - for that changes through time, perspective, emphasis and many things. You are what resides before, between and beyond all these things." - R. Ogunlaru
Vijay Kedia|Invest like a bull, sit like a bear and watch like an eagle. (mantra for long term investing)
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is impossible for a star to shine and not get noticed, even in the dark.
Jason Dias|The existential hero strives for authenticity even when it is costly, lives meaningfully in the midst of a banal, absurd world, and confronts rather than rejecting reality regardless of the personal cost.
Vijay Kedia|Investing is like Yoga. Body, mind and soul have to be aligned.
Vijay Kedia|Chase the story behind the stock, not the money on the table. Money will make you rich, but the story will make you wealthy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is not the size of a seed, but the size of what rises from it.
Vijay Kedia|Read not only between the lines, but also what is not written.
Vijay Kedia|If the management has not performed well in their bad times in the past, chances are they will not perform well in their good times in the future too.
Vijay Kedia|There is large cap, mid cap, small cap. There is also a “BHANGAAR CAP”. More than 4000 out of 6000 companies fit in that category. They show up only in the good times. Be careful
Vijay Kedia|In markets, stupid action does not have equal but severe opposite reaction.
Vijay Kedia|Trading is injurious to your wealth. If you are smoking you may die in 20-30 years whereas by trading, this may happen the very next day.
Vijay Kedia|When we are right, we earn. When we are wrong, we learn.
Valerie J. Lewis Coleman, The Wait of Success: How to Become an Overnight Success in 7,300 Days|Achieving success is like hitting a moving target. Both require accuracy, the ability to counteract external factors and adjusting the sight when necessary.
Brittany Burgunder|Soon, when all is well, you're going to look back on this period of your life and be so glad that you never gave up.
Lalah Delia|Just becauseyou feel lostdoesn't meanthat you are.Sometimes youjust have to relax,breathe deep,and trust the pathyou're on.
Lalah Delia|Shout out to everyone transcendinga mindset, mentality, desire, belief,emotion, habit, behavior or vibration,that no longer serves them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You can blow out a candle, but you cannot blow out a star.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are not honored for the fruit you pick, but for the trees you plant.
Steven Cuoco|Once you eliminate the persona that was created to survive. The real you will have permission to come forward, and enjoy the life that is meant to thrive.
St. Vincent de Paul|Charity is certainly greater than any rule. Moreover, all rules must lead to charity.
St. Vincent de Paul|The kingdom of God is peace in the Holy Spirit; He will reign in you if your heart is at peace. So, be at peace, Mademoiselle, and you will honor in a sovereign way the God of peace and love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Peace gives you the world, laughter gives you the sky, joy gives you the world, and love gives you the universe.
Joseph C. Reyes|Life's a wondrous journey, don't take it for granted.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you look at a rose try to focus on its beauty, not its thorns.
Apoorva Prajapati|If you wanna capture me,capture me wretched,that's the real me.My brokennessis my beauty.My smile isa brief facade.
Allura Eshmun|We always wanna fight about what we think are our differences, but really we are fighting contrasts of the same.
Aditi Dufare, The Mysterious Night|Never lose hope, for all the interweaved strings will soon straighten out.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Don't let someone treat you like shit or you're just one of many options,' Know your worth...'Remember!, One of The most powerful thing about time is...it CHANGES..' everything! that defines you' 
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you persist, you will prevail.
Aditi Dufare, The Mysterious Night|Frequently in life, you have to take irrelevant paths in order to reach the correct destination.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are strong because of what you overcame, brave because of what you defeated, fierce because of what you mastered, and powerful because of what you conquered.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom is a great prophet, faith is a great warrior, knowledge is a great sage, and virtue is a great priest.
Agu Jaachynma N.E.|Being in the Word is Far More Important than Being in a Ministry...If You Are in a Ministry Without Being in the Word, You have Lost it.
Vishvendra Singh Nathawat|Don't be an Extraordinary, you have to be extra in Extraordinary
Mlungisi Simelane|As soon as God tells you what He wants you to do, the enemy will start telling you why you are unqualified. Learn to identify the lies of the enemy. Don't let satan plant insecurity where God is growing your destiny. Be planted in God's purpose
Kristin Anderson Cetone, Buckaroo Buckeye: A Little Nut with Big Dreams|Discouraging words...discourage dreams,Encouraging words...sprout dreams,Parents plant the seeds!
Ted Pachino|The World of Today, Few People have Everything while Many People have Nothing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to know how fortunate you are, visit three places: the slum, the hospital, and the cemetery.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Count your blessings take care of the people you love.'Happy father's day to all the greatest POP,DAD,KIN in the world.
Wayne Chirisa|Leaders cannot build a successful nation once they are yoked to these two evils, ignorance and greed.
Brittany Burgunder|Hold yourself back, or heal yourself back together. You decide.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What it is, it is.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Definitely, some will doubt you, but don’t doubt yourself. Surely, some will hate your mission, but don’t hate your vision. Truly, some will envy your vision, but don’t change your vision. Surely, some will mock at your direction, but don’t neglect your focus. Surely, you shall meet obstacles, but learn to overcome all obstacles with wit. Frankly, some will say what they want to you, but say what is inspiring to yourself. Obviously, you shall meet fear, but learn to shake your fears. In fact, there shall be moment of drought, but learn to go with tenacity and an indomitable staying power. You may meet the rocks, but climb the rocks with fortitude to the apex, and you shall feel the fresh air! Truly, you shall hear so many things, but know what to listen to. Surely, some will misunderstand you, but learn to understand yourself. You may definitely have so many things to do, but mind what is more important and weightier. There is no great journey without issues, but learn to overcome all issues, and get to the end of the journey with distinctive footprints and a good sense of fulfillment. You were born for a purpose! Live it; achieve it! God is waiting for you at the finishing line; get there with a pleasant story for a glory!
Lara Casey, Cultivate: A Grace-Filled Guide to Growing an Intentional Life|She believed she couldn't, so God did.
Charlton Heston, In the Arena: An Autobiography|I can't change yesterday, but I can sure mess up today.
Lawrence Sankar, Beloved Hear My Heart|I am not too worried about the many changes in today's society, but I am rather overly concerned about societies refusal to change from it destructive path!
Mlungisi Simelane|If you don't discover your passions, purpose and power, then you will pursue the roles assigned by other people's scripts. You will lose the success and potential afforded by new opportunities if you don't know your own priorities and preferences. Your strength is in your uniqueness.If you lose yourself just to get along with others, then you have nothing original to offer this new year of progress and prosperity. Stay true to yourself. Where there is a vision, there is always a provision
Mlungisi Simelane|We can overcome our fears if we remember that life does not demand more than what it gives. We can't waste time and energy comparing what we've been given, because we must reserve that energy for unloading to our God- given potential. The gifts may not be the on the same dimension or degree but that's okay. It may not be on the same level as everyone else's, and that's okay because we are not called to compete. We are called to maximize the fullness of what God has uniquely entrusted to us. Run your own race, there are victories to be won
Mlungisi Simelane|God will open doors for you when He knows you are ready. Until then, keep sowing and dont grow weary. The time of your harvest is upon God's schedule. Be faithful, endure trials and one day you will wake up in the land of abundance. Dont give up on God as He wont give up on yo
Mlungisi Simelane|Dont ever let anybody throw you away. You are not junk. When God looks at you, He sees things that everybody else ignores. You are worth so much that it took Jesus to Calvary to salvage and reclaim you. You are a seed of greatness.. Wake up sleeping giant
Page Wisher, Land of Infinite Quests: The Quest Courier|My boy, many people know many things. But the things we think we know of others can only become what is known if the others choose to do the doing of making what we think we know known.
Lara Casey, Cultivate: A Grace-Filled Guide to Growing an Intentional Life|You don’t have to do it all. If unrushing your life feels overwhelming or impossible, consider that it is impossible for you. That’s why we need God. Where you can’t, He already has.
Lailah Gifty Akita|To learn, we must first listen.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your thoughts are higher than your problems, you can fly above them.
Ace Antonio Hall, Lord of the Flies: Fitness for Writers|Inhale every blessing you can think of, and exhale all that is not. Like a fist that can always get tighter, you can always give more. It is essential that you know that in your heart, and you will survive this day as you have so many in the past. You can get through this. I believe in the power of you.
Suyog Ketkar, The Write Stride|Memories are interesting. Interesting because they are faded yet detailed, pictured yet difficult to decipher, yelling yet mute, beautiful yet dreadful, magical yet logical, and familiar yet new. We listen; we encounter; we observe; we do; we learn; and, we talk. Everything we do or experience becomes our memory. Indeed, memories are interesting.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Use fear to become braver, pain to become stronger, trials to become wiser, and misfortune to become better.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To strengthen the body’s muscles, exercise; the mind’s muscles, read; the heart’s muscle’s, laugh; and the soul’s muscles, love.
Donna Guillemette, The Path to My Heart|Until the fear of separation is faced there can be only a life of illusion, where nothing real can exist. Until this happens there can be no knowing the stillness of peace, which is to change, in the very near future, for all humanity. The illusion of separateness can not continue to exist.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you rule the air, you are great; the waters, you are extraordinary; the lands, you are remarkable; but if you rule over yourself, you are remarkable.
Angela Vallely|One step at a time I know I will reach my destination of which I consider to be a happier, healthier way of living in mind body and soul.
Bandile M Matsenjwa|One thing that makes your confidence echoe over negativity is your patience, understanding, ambitions and trust me it makes your accomplishments astonishing
Brandi N. Jefferson-Motley, Your Soul's Navigational GPS|To have faith in God, you must also have faith in His timing....
Gift Gugu Mona|Never stop dreaming, wake up and chase your dreams.
Harrish Sairaman|When you are fulfilled within, big problems look small and when you have a vacuum within small problems look big!!!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Worry soils, even the purest mind.Envy poisons, even the purest heart.Greed sullies, even the purest soul.
Robert H. Schuller|Yes, you can be a dreamer and a doer too, if you will remove one word from your vocabulary : impossible.
Jessica Fechtor, Stir: My Broken Brain and the Meals That Brought Me Home|Meaning is not what happens, but what you do with what happens.
Mensah Oteh|To have extreme, laser-like focus, you must be willing to reject a lot of opportunities, even if they sound great.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Like Salvador Dali’s paintings of watches melting in the sand, time wanders at its own curious pace whenever you’re on vacation in a foreign country.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Barely halfway back, exhaustion sets in. What if I don’t make it? An edge of panic gets intercepted by a calmer inner voice: Look behind you.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Out here on the water, it’s a fine line between feeling in control and losing it altogether.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Instead of falling, I am dancing with the wind.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Producing obituaries is a way of creating a legacy to remember important people of our times and their contributions. No matter whose obituary it is, I look for something inspirational about each person.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|If there’s a takeaway from working here, it’s an understand that, as bioorganisms, we are a walking time bomb programed for cellular self-destruction. Not if, when.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Lucid dreams often feel like this—as if you are observing yourself from a point over your shoulders-arm flexed, hands curving around the boom, breathing, in three dimensional silence.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Inside, my spirit is sparkling like foam on the crest of a wave at high tide under a full moon.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Swirling around my ears, the wind and I whooping at the sea, picking up speed, breathing it all in. An act of loving life.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Soul-to-soul contact sweeps through, like a tsunami, leaving in its wake just this: unconditional surrender and overwhelming gentleness.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Of all the things I wish for her, above all, I want her to know and love the sea.
Laurie Nadel|The feeling of freedom and scent of sea air are intoxicating. As the wind picks up, I gain speed, holding on to life with a capital L
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|A wide-angle view of sails sparkling white against a cobalt sky as light dances, silver on the water. Like art, it soothes the edge, allowing you to see something simple from a different perspective.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|If you didn’t fall down, you would never have learned how to pick yourself up.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|My former identity was lying around, somewhere, fragmented and buried, like shards from an earlier civilization.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Unraveling life lessons from just the past few years would take many more years. Lessons unlearned would pass with me, when I went through that door, to be completed in some future lifetime.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Circumstances, events or situations do not have inherent meanings except what you give them
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Our ultimate finishing line in life is death! Whilst you have life, work hard and trust God!
Matshona Dhliwayo|In a second you can change your mind, in a minute you can change your heart, in an hour you can change your life, and in a day you can change your destiny.
Netiera Danise, Common Cents: How to Live a Happy Life Without Money? It's Simple, Just Live!|Life's rewards as well as it's short-comings are magnetic reflections of the vivacious energies we release through our thoughts, our actions, and our words.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|In its failure to value differences in the way people learn, the educational process often suppresses intuition, creativity, and your sense of identity.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Finding your own metaphor for intuition is one of the best ways to give it form, an essential step in developing your intuitive thinking.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Whether you are at play in the fields of the Lord or standing next to home plate squinting at the popping pitcher, that sudden, immediate knowing can also help you envision the outcome.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Whether you job involves chasing criminals, crouching numbers, or wrestling with paperwork, learning how to recognize and rely on those hunches and gut feelings can dramatically improve your job performance.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|When your intuition is right, thank the part of you that knows how to do that truly remarkable job.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|To develop your intuition, you need to respect it as a natural intelligence.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Instead of vacillating, we need to value, acknowledge and trust our intuition for what it is, a sense of truth.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Intuition is a gift, an inner power that you can turn to whenever you need it.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Trusting your inner voice, which is one of the critical steps in developing intuition, is predicated on being truly self-confident.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Try to become aware of one feeling a day, keeping in mind that by doing so, you are building your data bank of self-knowledge
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|When in doubt, reinforce your self-trust.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Windsurfing, the sound of the word contains all the mystery of a solitary buoy in the fog, echoing across the water at the end of the day.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The universe acknowledges the value of your tears; for when it rains, it is shedding its own.
Grace Sara, Awakening in the 21st Century: Surviving a Spiritually Dormant Society|Jealousy, and attempting to match others in life and stride, is self-abandonment.
Anthea Syrokou, Eventually Julie|You don't need to live in a mansion to be happy. All you need is to create the right space, something that says this is who you are, and you can always change who you are, just as you change your environment.
Grace Sara, Awakening in the 21st Century: Surviving a Spiritually Dormant Society|To act upon the outer world and change it, you must be first be fine to act upon yourself.
Arthur Daigle, William Bradshaw and Fool's Gold|It's said on my world that the only thing evil needs to succeed is for good men to do nothing." - Will Bradshaw
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Don’t expect the world to dish you your wishes, go out and serve yourself.
Julieanne O'Connor|When you're vested in fear, frightened of failure, yet in the surrender is where you find your success.
Julieanne O'Connor|Vested in fear, frightened of failure, but beyond that I choose to surrender to my fated success.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|You receive the gift of time freely and equally every day, beautifully wrapped in twenty-four new hours to invest in whatever you want, and how you use each hour decides your success or the lack of it
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you can think higher thoughts, you can do higher deeds.
N. H. Kleinbaum|...The human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.
The Catechism of the Catholic Church|God not only gives His creatures being and existence, but also, and at every moment, upholds and sustains them in being.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The entire world above you, around you, beneath you, and beside you, is insignificant in comparison to the world within you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When the storm runs out of breath, a rainbow is born.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, The Inexplicable Logic of My Life|In the distance, I can see a storm coming in, the dark clouds and the lightning on the horizon moving towards me. I wait and I wait and I wait for the storm. And then it comes, and the rains wash away the nightmares and the memories. And I'm not afraid.
Matshona Dhliwayo|No matter how low the sun sets, the time is coming when it will surely rise.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Inspiration may come from many places but motivation - the love of life, daily drive and the will to thrive - that must come from you from within
Daniel M. Lewis|The secret to succeeding in business, is in the first two letters of business... BU.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are a product of your environment, but to be great your environment has to be a product of you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are no greater than the knowledge you acquire, the desires you harbor, and the experiences you cherish.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Use your mind’s talents diligently, your heart’s powers incredibly, and your soul’s genius profitably.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The mind shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s wisdom; the heart, in proportion to one’s courage; and the soul, in proportion to one’s love.
Dalai Lama XIV|From my own limited experience, I have found that the greatest degree of inner tranquility comes from the development of love and compassion. The more we care for the happiness of others, the greater our own sense of well-being becomes. Cultivating a close, warmhearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease. This helps remove whatever fears or insecurities we may have and gives us the strength to cope with any obstacles we encounter. It is the ultimate source of success in life.
Eraldo Banovac|When choosing a profession, a person will have good incentive for personal development by choosing such a profession that represents a personal challenge.
Eraldo Banovac|Use two-way communication on oral exams to check the students' knowledge, not their attitudes. Checking attitudes can lead to the slippery area of subjective assessment.
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|On the path to Conquer the throne,some of your pawns must die...If your eyes aim the big kill,you must learn to eat humble pie.
Unknown|Wen life gives you hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In the body is tremendous strength, in the mind is brilliant potential, in the heart is extraordinary influence, and in the soul is remarkable power.
Genereux Philip|Dear Single Ladies, Love is precious, Remember this: You are worth pursuing. Don't Cheapen Yourself
Anonymous|When an ordinary man attains knowledge, he is a sage; when a sage attains understanding, he is an ordinary man
Anonymous Zen|If you understand, things are just as they are... If you do not understand, things are just as they are...
Shunryu Suzuki|Zen is not some kind of excitement, but concentration on our usual everyday routine.
Lama Surya Das, Buddha Standard Time: Awakening to the Infinite Possibilities of Now|When we ground ourselves in the present moment, we spontaneously connect better with others. We become more responsive and less reactive, listening more deeply and speaking with greater clarity.
Stephanie Lahart|A man is NOT weak if he cries. A man is NOT a punk if he cries. A man is NOT acting like a little b*tch if he cries. He’s a Man! And he’s allowed to have and show his true feelings without feeling less than. Ladies, some of you need to do better. Learn to be compassionate, loving, supportive, and understanding. There’s NOTHING wrong with a man being vulnerable. I encourage you to be his joy, peace, and his safe place. Lift him up and be mindful NOT to tear him down. If you truly care for and love your man, do and say everything with love. Let him know that it’s okay to cry and that he doesn’t have to pretend to be okay when he’s not. Real men DO cry! They experience sadness, disappointments, pain, and many other feelings. A man shouldn’t have to suppress his emotions. That’s pure nonsense! A man that can cry, smile, and let his guards down is a keeper in my book. I couldn’t imagine acting hard all of the time. That’s so unfair! Ladies, strive to be a Queen of substance. PEACE.
DaShanne Stokes|If your actions don't live up to your words, you have nothing to say.
Iva Kenaz, The Merkaba Mystery|If someone gave you the rules to the game you have been playing right away, you would miss the most exciting part – the details. Sometimes it’s all about the details, they make the whole more meaningful.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When a flower rises from the earth, it is overcoming its greatest opponent: fear.
Michael Jackson|Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is good! It is only our thoughts, choices and actions towards the situations we meet in life each moment of time that makes life look bad! The same bad situation in life that makes one person think badly inspires another to do a noble thing! The same good situation in life that makes one person feel so good to get into a bad situation inspires another person to create another good situation because of the good situation. It is all about thoughts, choices and actions! Life is good! Live it well!
Ajay Kumar|Pride be damned, we do what must be done to survive.
Vishnu Kanchan|Everything in life tries to hit us hard. We feel like dying. But instead fight back hard to survive. After all surviving was the only aim of everything." - Vishnu Kanchan
Emily Perkins|I'd love to do comedy. And I think I have a pretty good sense of comic thing, so I'd really like to try that.
Katherine Isabelle|I think you have to have a sense of humor about every movie that you're doing. Your character needs to be relatable in a way that, even when you're doing the most bizarre things, sometimes a bit of tongue in cheek is necessary to keep up the believability of it.
Maisie A. Smikle|Rush under His armAnd feel the calmA touch of grace From His loving embraceBe still my child, He whispered softlyI have heard your cryI have heard your sighCome nigh, my childLay down your caresAnd dry your tearsCause your heavenly Father Has covered it all
Liturgy of the Hours|Today a great silence reigns on earth, a great silence and a great stillness. A great stillness because the King is asleep. The earth trembled and is still because God has fallen asleep in the flesh and has raised up all who have slept since the world began… ” I order you, O sleeper, to awake. I did not create you to be a prisoner in hell. Rise from the dead, for I am the life of the dead.” (Liturgy of the Hours, Holy Saturday)
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don’t ever let desperation take the seat of inspiration in you! Always live inspired no matter what! For though something might be wrong somewhere, something is always right somewhere! If you have life, be alive and smile!
Karen  Gibbs|In this world, the most wonderful place to be, is in the guiding care of our loving Heavenly Father.
Slavoj Žižek|The only way to survive such shitty times, if you ask me, is to write and read big, fat books, you know? And I’m writing now another book on Hegelian dialectics, subjectivity, ontology, quantum physics and so on. That’s the only way to survive. Like Lenin. I will use his example. You know what Lenin did, in 1915, when World War I exploded? He went to Switzerland and started to read Hegel.
Paul O'Brien, Great Decisions, Perfect Timing: Cultivating Intuitive Intelligence|When you find your path in life and are in sync with your primary missions in this lifetime, everything else just falls into place.
Daniel Pennac, La Petite marchande de prose|Lei stesso", Malaussène, "lei stesso"! L'"identità", cos'è questo snobismo? Crede che siamo "noi stessi" intorno a questo tavolo? Essere "se stesso", signore, significa essere il cavallo giusto, al momento giusto, sulla casa giusta della scacchiera giusta! O la regina, o l'alfiere, o l'ultimo dei pedoni!Ma mi sento già rispondere a Julie, con un filo di voce velenosa che, appunto, non è la mia voce:-Ah, sì? Perché io non sono me stesso?
Chinonye J. Chidolue|There comes a time in your life when you have to choose between giving up and staying strong, when situations will try to predict your fate, when friends will depart from you and your echo will be your only companion. When that time comes, remember just why you fought so hard to get to where you are. What is life that it should threaten your faith and who is man that you should clinch onto for happiness?You have a destination. Remember this!
Lukhman Pambra|I wish my whispers are heard and requited as a storm... Because, the storm is that keeps me alive!
