Dada Bhagwan|When you see the members of your household as faultless (nirdosh) and see only your own faults, then true pratikraman will be done.
Dada Bhagwan|A man who repents after doing any action, he will certainly become pure one day, that is definite.
Dada Bhagwan|You (must) do plenty of ‘pratikraman’. Do the ‘pratikraman’ for an hour every day of everyone who is living around you, whomever you have harassed.
Dada Bhagwan|What happens by doing ‘pratikraman’? The interferences that we have done (in the past), and its ‘reaction’ which will come (now), on that (reactions), we will not feel like interfering again.
Dada Bhagwan|Whatever one does in this world, he does it out of compulsion; so it is indeed our lack of understanding when we scold someone for what they do. If you scold him, he will do it even more. (Instead) You should explain to him with love. All diseases will disappear with love. You will get pure love either from the Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] or his followers!
Dada Bhagwan|God requires two things: ‘pure love’ and ‘true justice’. Everywhere else there is relative justice. Where ‘pure love’ and ‘true justice’ exist, there comes the grace of God!
Dada Bhagwan|The amount of abhorrence that departs, that much of ‘Pure Love’ arises. When abhorrence goes away completely, then Pure Love arises in totality. This is the only way.
Dada Bhagwan|I don’t intend to fight with anyone; I have only one weapon of love. I want to win the world with love. What the world calls love, is really worldly love. [True] Love is when even if you curse me, I would not get ‘depressed’ and when you garland me with flowers, I would not become ‘elevated’. In true love, there would not be any changes. Changes can occur in the intent and feelings (bhaav) of the body, but not in ‘pure love’.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is asakti [infatuation], there accusations cannot refrain from happening. That is indeed the nature of asakti [infatuation].
Dada Bhagwan|Where you don’t see pure love, there is indeed no path to moksha [ultimate liberation] there. Where there is a fee, there is no pure love there!
Dada Bhagwan|One can become ‘Embodiment of Love’ [Prem Swaroop], only when there is no my-ness [mamata].
Dada Bhagwan|The world believes ‘asakti’ [infatuation, attraction of atoms] to be love and (then) become confused. Woman has some work from men and men has some work from women. All this has arisen because of work (expectations). If work does not get completed, all within will complain and form an attack. Not for even a second has anyone become one’s own. Only the Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] will become yours. That is why the Lord has said, ‘Every living being is an orphan’.
Dada Bhagwan|Compassion is an ordinary intent that is felt for everywhere in this world and it is the intent that, ‘the whole world is trapped in worldly miseries; how can their miseries be alleviated?
Dada Bhagwan|As long as parmanus (subatomic particles) match, there is oneness, and then it turns into revenge (vengeance). Wherever there is infatuation, there will indeed be revenge there.
Dada Bhagwan|Only after beggary (bhikh) goes away completely, can one see this world ‘as it is’.
Dada Bhagwan|Everything in the world has a life span and We (the Self) are without a life span, so how can the two correlate? To make association with those with a life span (mortal), we too have to become one with a life span. And that has created all this fiasco.
Dada Bhagwan|By saying ‘this is wrong’, one is selling (wasting away) an invaluable human life!
Dada Bhagwan|What do the Vitaraag [the enlightened one] say? ‘If you want to continue to remain in the worldly life, then do what people say, but if you want to attain Moksha [ultimate liberation], then do only what I say, then only you can go to Moksha!
Dada Bhagwan|The Lord has said to the worldly people, if someone possesses certain energies, by recalling that person, the same energies will arise within you. If you don’t know how to ask for godly energies, but if you want to jump, then by recalling a monkey and asking for energies from him, you will be able to do so. If you want to bark, you have to ask for the energy from a dog! The Gnani [The Enlightened One] has infinite energies; if you recall Him, you will attain all those energies!
Dada Bhagwan|People have unlatched the energies of the worldly self (jiv shakti), but they have not unlatched the energies of Real Self (shiv shakti).
Dada Bhagwan|In both pleasant experience producing karma effect (shata vedaniya) and unpleasant experience producing karma effect (ashata-vedaniya), there is indeed a constant inner burning (antardaah, inner suffering). But because one has moorcha (worldly engrossment/fascination due to deluded worldly view), one does not notice it; he remains in a state similar to being unconscious.
Dada Bhagwan|Why is there inner burning [antar daah, inner suffering] present? Inner Burning [Antardaah] is not dependent/based on merit or demerit karma (paap-punya). Inner Burning [Inner suffering] is indeed present in both suffering producing karmas, unpleasant (ashata vedaniya) as well as pleasant (shata vedaniya). Inner Burning [Inner suffering] is dependent upon the wrong belief.
Dada Bhagwan|When the wrong belief [of ‘I am Chandubhai’] goes away, the inner burning [antar daah, inner suffering] goes away. Inner burning is the result of the illusion [of ‘I am Chandubhai’].
Dada Bhagwan|As long as you are the owner (‘I am Chandubhai and all this is mine’), the worldly life remains. When does the ownership go away? When the wrong belief goes away.
Dada Bhagwan|What is ‘common sense’? (It is that which is) Everywhere applicable, theoretically as well as practically!
Dada Bhagwan|How does ‘common sense’ arise? Through conflicts. During conflicts, if one does not clash with anyone, even if the other person comes clashing with him, he should not clash with him. If one is able to remain this way, ‘common sense’ will arise. Otherwise, whatever ‘common sense’ there is, it too will disappear!
Dada Bhagwan|Clashes should not occur whatsoever. Due to conflicts only have the energies diminished. Regardless of what may happen to the body, do not ever enter into conflicts. The body is not going to go away just because someone says so, or if someone casts a curse on it. The body is under the control of vyavasthit [scientific circumstantial evidences].
Dada Bhagwan|When you do pratikraman after conflict, the conflict is erased. When you give rise to new conflicts, the energies that had arisen will disappear again.
Dada Bhagwan|If ‘pratikraman’ happens immediately [as the mistake happen], then it will bring one in the state of God (Bhagwan-pad).
Dada Bhagwan|One is God himself, [but] for how long does that authority of God last? As long as he speaks the truth, practices non-violence, does not steal, practices celibacy and remains non-acquisitive – till then power of God will remain.
Dada Bhagwan|To become God (Khuda) one does not need weapons. One needs to recognize his [True] Self (Khud). The one who knows one’s own Self (khud), is God (khuda).
Dada Bhagwan|Sincerity’ and ‘morality’ is the main road to go to God, the rest are the ‘by-ways’.
Dada Bhagwan|Sincerity’ and ‘morality’, if you completely (from all angles) learn these two words then everything is completed!
Dada Bhagwan|If you are only ‘moral’ or only ‘sincere’, even then you will go to moksha!
Dada Bhagwan|Things that you have remained ‘sincere’ to, those many things you have won. The world has to be won; only then will it let you go to moksha!
Dada Bhagwan|How much is your sincerity, that much will be ‘Our’ divine grace (krupa). This is the measure of grace.
Dada Bhagwan|If you remain ‘insincere’ to one person, then that person will hold you back from going to moksha!
Dada Bhagwan|When you make ‘adjustments’ with everyone, that indeed is the highest of all religion (dharma).
Dada Bhagwan|If you are not able to ‘adjust everywhere’, then even the moksha,that you have in your hand, will go away.
Dada Bhagwan|In this era, there are all kinds of prakrutis (personality of the relative self), so how can it work without adjusting?
Dada Bhagwan|In a constructive policy, there is ‘adjust everywhere’ and in a destructive policy, there is a policy of disadjustment.
Dada Bhagwan|We live here for five to fifty years (in this world, in the relative) and we are searching for beautiful houses there, while where we have to live permanently (moksha; in the Real, Self), there is no work being done for it; and no one is even inquiring about that (place). The world is baseless/disorderly. ‘Do something for here and do something for there’. We are not saying not to do anything for here. Do both. Don’t you have two hands?
Dada Bhagwan|Violent intent (Hinsak bhaav) is indeed worldly life (sansar). When there is no Violent intent (hinsak bhaav) within us while the worldly life is going on, then we become free from all responsibilities.
Dada Bhagwan|Wherever one has to ‘do’ anything, there is worldly life (sansaar) there.
Dada Bhagwan|Pointing out people’s mistakes, having intention to take advantage of people, keeps one bound to a worldly life (sansaar).
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life is constantly ablaze. To keep expectation, that it will extinguish, is wrong. So then we too should say to it, ‘you can keep on burning!
Dada Bhagwan|In marriage, at home and everywhere else, one is to remain superfluous. That is where people go in deep into; that is called the worldly life (sansaar).
Dada Bhagwan|If anyone comes to me complaining about others that “this person is like this”, I will question that person first. ‘Why did you come complaining to me?’ You come complaining therefore you are the guilty one. If anyone comes complaining without being asked, then you should disregard him completely.
Dada Bhagwan|Your anger, pride, deceit, and greed should be such that they hurt no one. If they are limited to where they only hurt only you and no one else, then the path of liberation is open.
Dada Bhagwan|When you give decision that the guilty is not guilty, only then will the guilty become not guilty.
Dada Bhagwan|Everything is present in the world. However, your ‘emotional state’ does not allow it to come to you. ‘Emotional’ as in instability. While going to eat, one will worry, 'will I get food or not?' That indeed is instability. If you remain stable, then everything will come to you.
Dada Bhagwan|If you have a complaint about someone, then you become the accuser and the other becomes the accused. Never complain about anyone. He who brings a complaint is at fault, you should understand that first, then comes next, the talk about the accused.
Dada Bhagwan|There are only two things to understand in this world. First is, one’s own True Self, and the other is, our faults from the past [life]. Won’t these faults have to be broken?
Dada Bhagwan|If there was no such thing as a mirror in this world, then seeing our face ‘exactly’ would be considered a huge wonder.
Dada Bhagwan|The world is not going to stop whether you become ‘emotional’ or whether you don’t become ‘emotional’. The burden on one’s head comes from becoming ‘emotional’. Otherwise, the world continues to run, it will never stand still.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as kashay’s (anger, pride, deceit, greed) do not go away, you have not attained God’s religion even a little bit. Religion of the vitarags [the enlightened ones] means absence of kashay (anger, pride, deceit, greed).
Dada Bhagwan|Being a human is a great power. One can obtain everything. However, it is the greed that harasses him.
Dada Bhagwan|If anger-pride-deceit-greed occur, let them occur. There is nothing wrong if you have thoughts of bad conduct, do not be afraid, however, you must repent (do pratikraman) and turn it around, this will result in a high level of dharmadhyan [auspicious contemplation] .
Dada Bhagwan|Is it atikraman [Hurtful karma] if we eat, cut our hair or brush our teeth? No, it is not like that. Anger-pride-deceit-greed is considered atikraman [Hurtful karma]. If you do pratikraman [Ask for forgiveness], they will all go away.
Dada Bhagwan|If you do not believe in reincarnation then the word “prarabdh” (karma effect) should not be present in your vocabulary. Christian, Muslim, and other religion’s language is complete, but the belief is incomplete. Fortune, contrivance, lucky, unlucky – where did they get all that from? This is all a connection from the past life.
Dada Bhagwan|If you are in ‘motion’ than you are in a normal [moving] state, and if you are ‘emotional’ than you are in an agitated state.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, there is no such thing as good or bad. If there is flower shop on one side and a butcher’s shop on the other, why should we keep spitting? You have to leave away both the bad as well as the good.
Dada Bhagwan|Our talk is right and the other person’s talk is wrong, however if a conflict occurs, then it is wrong.
Dada Bhagwan|Those who believe the worldly life interactions (vyavahaar) to be the real/true; developed high blood pressure, heart attacks and other such ailments. And those who believe it to be false, they became fat. Those living on both the shores, became lost wanderers. Although living the worldly life, ‘we’ are non-attached (vitaraag, the enlightened one).
Dada Bhagwan|For how long is there a superior? For as long as one makes mistakes. When mistakes cease to happen, there will be no superior thereafter.
Dada Bhagwan|When one does not like to have ‘underhand’, then automatically, he will not have a superior. That is its result.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who has become free from all mistakes, he has no superior over him; he needs no one to reprimand him. He can become whatever he desires. Our path (Akram Vignan) is a path in which a person can become such that there will be no one to reprimand him.
Dada Bhagwan|The one, who likes to have an ‘underhand’, will inevitably come across a ‘boss’!
Dada Bhagwan|If we protect the ‘underhand’ [those working under us], then the ‘boss’ will protect us. If we constantly reprimand the ‘underhand’, then the boss will constantly reprimand us.
Dada Bhagwan|No living being can ever “hitch” another living being. If one were able to “hitch” another, then we can say that the principle of this world is false! In this world, no one being is a superior over another.
Dada Bhagwan|Through the grace of a thief, one can become a thief and through the grace of a Gnani [the enlightened one], one can become a Gnani [the enlightened one].
Dada Bhagwan|Man has obeyed commands of the Mother, the Father, the Guru; but he has not obeyed the commands of ‘God’ (Bhagwan). Had he obeyed ‘God’s’ commands, his work (for liberation) would have been accomplished. Alas! He will follow his boss’s commands and even his wife’s commands!
Dada Bhagwan|If you keep the burden on your head, God (Bhagwan) will move away.
Alison Cooklin, The Light Travellers: Luke's Journey|He cowered in terror as the body of the beast darkened the water above him. The monster swooped around the crevice, scenting the blood trail from Luke's foot. Luke saw that several of his toes had been ripped off. He felt sick.
Dada Bhagwan|Instead of living together (in a joint family) with a difference of opinions, it is better to live separately and live with unity.
Dada Bhagwan|That which is external, it is instrumental (naimitik); it is relative and it is perishable [destructive]. Instrumental means no one has a say in it. One’s actions are not of his own free will; he is under the control of external power. So on what basis do you need to object? Sooner or later you will have to become free from objections.
Dada Bhagwan|If you take an objection in the ‘relative’, it is intellectual rationalism. ‘We’ don’t have intellectual rationalism. ‘We’ are abuddha (do not have intellect) in the ‘relative’, and we are a Gnani [the enlightened one] in the ‘real’.
Dada Bhagwan|All these objections are raised by people, has God raised them? He who wants to be free (attain Liberation) has no objections, and he who wants to be bound, he will have nothing but objections. People become addicts of objections.
Dada Bhagwan|You can remain faultless only when you constantly remain as a nimit [instrument, one of the doer and not the whole and sole doer] and remain in the intent of being an instrument [intent that I am one of the doer of many scientific circumstantial evidences]
Nikki Rowe|Solitude, at first is scary. All you have is yourself. After a while its comforting, it knows the real you and cant judge you for it. If you live it long enough it becomes an addiction, like all things, too much of it and you will go insane but not enough of it will also send you there.n
Michael  Daugherty|Fear the howling of the demons in the darkness of your mind. Do not allow them to overshadow the light of your soul. Do not walk blindly into the darkness, or be snatched up by the wicked embrace of the devil.
Dada Bhagwan|To object/protest (vandha), create difficulties (vachka), and wrong beliefs (agnan) – these three are the reasons the world’s delusion remains. It is to eradicate just these three things that all the worldly scriptures have been created.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, the mistake is in where one says he has objections. There should be no objection to anything.
Dada Bhagwan|Regardless of the amount of kashays [anger, pride, deceit, greed] the other person creates, if you win over the kashays with the Gnan [real knowledge] abundance from within, when the kashays have no effect on you from within, then it is considered as winning the world.
Dada Bhagwan|If you are visiting someone and his wife feeds you a wonderful meal, you should be grateful but you should not wish that it would be nice if she could go home with you. Having such intents towards food and eating leads one to become increasingly possessed with turmoil (worldly suffering). This is why the Lord has said for us to enjoy but not become the enjoyer, to do something which we like but do not become habituated about it.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, if you raise objections saying, ‘my mother-in-law harasses me. My father-in-law harasses me’, then there is no end to it. Instead, just put up a sign that says, ‘no objection whatsoever!’ Even if someone comes raising objection [issues with you], you do not let any problems with him, can you or can you not keep it that way?
Dada Bhagwan|Beastliness means taking that is unrightful [of someone’s else right], eating that is unrightful, thinking of accumulating things which is unrightful [not of one’s own right]. There is no problem in whatever comes to us rightfully [of which we are worthy of owning it].
Dada Bhagwan|There is no need to slander the nimit (one who is instrumental), it is only necessary to distance yourself from that nimit.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is contempt/scornful rejection and slander, there wealth will not remain.
Dada Bhagwan|What do the vitarags [the enlightended one] say? If you want to be beaten up, then beat others. If you want to be slandered, then slander someone.
Dada Bhagwan|What do the vitarags [the enlightened one] say? This world will keep on running, You do not interfere with anything in it. If you want to attain ultimate liberation (moksha) then you will have maintain a state of vitaragta (state free of attachment).
Dada Bhagwan|If we like a person, all his attributes will manifest within us. If we like a pickpocket, even his attributes will manifest within us.
Dada Bhagwan|If the fruit (of your effort) is to your expectations, it is the effect (prarabdha, result) of your merit karma [punya karma], if it is not to your expectation, then it is the effect of your demerit karma [paap karma].
Dada Bhagwan|In the act of selfishness, you bind demerit karma and in the act of sacrificing your own self-interest for the sake of others [selflessness], you bind merit karma. Nevertheless, they are both karma, aren’t they? The fruit of merit karma is shackles of gold and fruit of demerit karma is shackles of iron but they are both indeed shackles, aren’t they?
Dada Bhagwan|Speech’ is such a thing that if handled [used] correctly, it encompasses all the major vows (mahavrats).
Dada Bhagwan|Every spoken word carries great risk. Therefore, it is better to remain silent if one does not know how to talk. Talking about religion carries religious risks, talking about worldly matters, carries worldly risks. The worldly risk will go away, but religious risk is very heavy; it creates grave obstacles in regards to religion.
Dada Bhagwan|Don’t calculate the world." This world is untruthful. Don’t stop to do calculation, just keep on moving.
Dada Bhagwan|It is possible for one to receive all the glory of the world provided there is absolutely no ill intent, within him.
Dada Bhagwan|The whole world is immersed in ‘wrong belief’. Even though ‘belief’ is wrong, one truly believes it is his own, doesn't he? He believes it to be completely true, doesn't he?
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life is not the trouble, the ‘wrong belief’ is the trouble [oopadhi]. What happens when you believe that which is not yours, as being yours? You will be in trouble.
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life (sansar) is the thing created through delusion [wrong belief]. Therefore when you come to know about this wrong belief, it will go away.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no place for beggary [wanting things from others] in the current era. The law of vyavasthit [scientific circumstantial evidences] is such that one who has decided never to beg, will never have situation to beg.
Dada Bhagwan|I’ have not had to borrow or beg for years. This world is indeed all yours. If you know how to 'see', if you know how to view the world, if you know how to understand the world, then the world is truly all yours. You are truly the Owner.
Dada Bhagwan|What is trust? It is when there is no objection in the 'parliament' (comprised of mind, intellect, chit and ego) that is within; when there is agreement amongst all; that is called trust.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who has confidence (trust) in his own self, he can get everything in this world. But one does not have that confidence (trust), does he? Once the confidence is lost, it is all over. There is infinite power and energy in trust (confidence of one’s own self), even if the trust is in the ignorant state [ignorance of one’s own true self].
Dada Bhagwan|If there is an essence to this wordly life, then it is the basis of honesty [morality]. If you have little wealth but have honesty even then you will attain peace. And if you do not have honesty but lot of wealth even then restlessness will remain within.
Dada Bhagwan|Without morality and ethics there is no religion (dharma), the foundation of religion is morality and ethics.
Dada Bhagwan|If you want to attain moksha (ultimate liberation), then you cannot give unsolicited advice. Give advice only when it is asked for. In order to give advice, you have to become the chief!
Dada Bhagwan|Answer only when asked, otherwise do not say anything. Don't say a thing in this world. To tell [give advice] is the biggest disease. Your beard grows without you saying anything, doesn't it?
Dada Bhagwan|Advice should only be given when it is sought, otherwise our own worthiness gets assessed.
Dada Bhagwan|This world is not without causes. There is Moksha [ultimate liberation] when one’s causes stops. There is Moksha where everyone's 'claim' is completed. Without a cause, effect does not happen.
Dada Bhagwan|When you maintain silence, you would have said to have understood the world.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, there is no such sternness like that of maintaining silence. Verbal sternness will be wasted.
Dada Bhagwan|However much silence you behold, that amount of intellect will stop.
Dada Bhagwan|There is nothing wrong in saying something, but there should be no protection [insistence] that we are right.
Dada Bhagwan|All the words thrown on to others will eventually fall on you, so speak such pure words so that pure words will indeed fall on you.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, no word is being uselessly spoken.
Dada Bhagwan|How is power of speech (vacchanbud) attained? It is when, not a single word is uttered to make fun of others; when not a single word is uttered for wrong selfish motives, material self-gain; when speech has not been misused; when speech has not been used to gain recognition or importance from others - that is when one's power of speech is attained.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the nature of human beings? When someone does something wrong to them, they will go after him [to punish, to fight].
Dada Bhagwan|One's ‘life’ is ‘fractured’; he does not even know what he is living for. What is the essence of the human life? It is that one can attain whatever life form one wants, or he can attain ultimate liberation (moksha) if he wants moksha.
Dada Bhagwan|Man (human life form) is a 'second-hand' quality of the absolute supreme Self (Parmatma, Lord). Man is close to the Lord [absolute supreme Self].
Dada Bhagwan|If you met the robbers and they robbed you, you should not cry. Think 'how will I go on [do progress] now?' You will get all the help you need. What does one gain by crying 'what will become of me?' Who is the one suffering, the robber or the one who was robbed? The fault is of the sufferer.
Dada Bhagwan|Ambalal Muljibhai’ (Dada’s relative self) is under the control of worldly interactions, and ‘we’ (The Gnani Purush) are in the control of nischaya (realm of the Self). Worldly interaction should not be scorned at, at all.
Dada Bhagwan|Do not instigate or treat any of your employees, working at your place, with contempt. Treat everyone with respect. You never know what benefit a person will bring.
Dada Bhagwan|The bigger the ‘flat’ [apartment], the harder one has to work. If the ‘flat’ is worth six hundred thousand, then he has to work six times as hard. If it is three hundred thousand, he has to work three times over. One simply has to keep on working hard, doesn't he?
Dada Bhagwan|The whole world's effort of working hard goes to waste. Just as the bull [that turns the wheels on the oil mill] gets a piece of oil-cake (as a reward), the wife gives the husband a piece of handvo (savory lentil and rice cake), and so the work continues. All day long, one is producing like the bull in the oil mill.
Dada Bhagwan|Bitterness and sweetness, are both fruits of egoism. Doing egosim of good deeds brings sweetness. Doing egosim of bad deeds brings bitterness.
Dada Bhagwan|Worrying is the greatest pride, which is why nature punishes one heavily. Nature punishes more the one who worries, than it does the one who curses God. The doer is some other entity and you are worrying? Are you mightier than even nature?
Dada Bhagwan|You cannot indeed say anything to anyone in this world. Whatever we ‘say’, it is ‘egoism’. The whole world is in order [in control].
Dada Bhagwan|When one cautions you, he is a 'lighthouse' and if one find faults with the lighthouse, when will that ship reach safely [to its destination]?.
Dada Bhagwan|Just as one has no choice but to defecate, one has no choice but to get married. If your mind remains single, then there is no problem. However, one has no choice but marry if the mind is already married.
Dada Bhagwan|Growing nails breaks all conducts (aachar). When one conduct breaks, it breaks all other conducts.
Dada Bhagwan|Whose vow can you abide by? You can take a vow of an idol, because an idol has no ownership. You can abide by a vow of a living being, provided he is not the owner of his body, however if he is the owner of his body, you cannot take his vow, because one day he will make you stumble.
Dada Bhagwan|What grave liability one incurs when one calls a virtuous woman, a whore! It will ruin his countless lives to come. There is no liability if one calls a whore a virtuous woman!
Dada Bhagwan|If a train is two minutes late in leaving, one will become impatient, ‘when will the train leave, when will it leave?’ This world is not worth getting impatient restless about.
Dada Bhagwan|Waiting for anyone is a cause for a tremendously bad life ahead. When the electricity is gone and you wait for it, that is considered as artadhyan (mournful meditation). Twenty years worth of effort gets washed away in waiting for half an hour. In such situations, you simply have to take an adjustment.
Dada Bhagwan|God is where there are no ‘fees’ being charged, where there is no botheration and where there is no scolding; that is where God is.
Dada Bhagwan|Where is the true religion? It is where women, men, youth, children, elderly, the illiterate and the educated are all attracted.
Dada Bhagwan|God says that the one who does not find the worldly life boring at all, is not worthy of moksha [the ultimate liberation] at all. While earning money one gets bored, while not earning money one gets bored, everywhere one gets bored, then he is considered worthy of moksha.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no such thing as destruction in this world. Eternal Thing [vastu] is not destroyed, its phase state (avastha) is destroyed.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who comes to know [the eternal truth], will awaken. The one who is wrongly believing will not awaken.
Dada Bhagwan|What will the ego not do? It is the ego that has given rise to all this. And when the ego leaves, there is Liberation.
Dada Bhagwan|When someone is using negative speech, do not ruin your own speech.
Dada Bhagwan|You will especially not find anyone who speaks bitterly to you. All the 'diseases' [worldly suffering] remains due to the sweetness. Bitterness will remove the disease, sweetness will increase it. Your life should be such that you will not have to listen to bitter words. If however, you have to listen to bitter words, then you should listen to it. It is always beneficial.
Dada Bhagwan|Human life is not for suffering criticism. If it is the truth and there is no nagging or insistence upon it, others will accept it in their hearts. And if it is the truth and you nag or insist upon it, it will not touch others.
Dada Bhagwan|Caution others, only if your cautioning does not hurt them. If it does, then do not caution them.
Dada Bhagwan|Because of anger-pride-deceit-greed, selfishness [self-interest] remains and consequently one has no awareness of who dies or who takes birth. It is simply a wrong belief that has arisen. But after a long time, as one progresses, if he meets a Gnani Purush [the enlightened one], he will acquire the awareness that birth and death is simply a phase.
Dada Bhagwan|What is samkit (enlightened view; right belief)? One has to realize the complete authoritative power, and accept everyone’s worldly authority. People abuse their acquired authority and consequently loose their right for human birth (manushyapanu). Accept whatever authority one has.
Dada Bhagwan|At the time of death, one says, ‘Dear Lord, extend my life for two more hours, so that a Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] comes and I can do his darshan.’ He complains in this way. Do not complain now. Why are you pleading now? When you had the control, you didn’t do anything and now that you no longer have the control, you are making demands?
Dada Bhagwan|To believe the control is in your hands when it is in the hands of some other power, is indeed a wrong belief (bhranti, illusion). If one were to understand even this much, he will find a solution. When people begin to understand that the power is in the hands of something else, then the wrong belief [illusion] will go away to a little extent.
Dada Bhagwan|People lose their powers (siddhi) by nagging; therefore know ‘as it is’. Know all these relations as being worldly (laukik, of the non-Self), and do not believe them to be beyond-worldly relations (alaukik, of the Self). Discover that something whereby you experience peace amidst the puzzle. This discovery is indeed within you.
Dada Bhagwan|We’ (the Gnani Purush, the enlightened one) would never say to anyone, ‘listen to me!’ because that is indeed not under his control.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who does not have the control for even a minute, he does not have the control forever.
Dada Bhagwan|If one attains awareness of own’s own Self’s authority [power], even for a moment, he can become a Parmatma (Absolute Supreme Self).
Dada Bhagwan|To see things (vastu) ‘as it is’ in its purest form, is called samkit (enlightened view; right belief), and to see it any other way is called mithyatva (wrong belief).
Dada Bhagwan|The one who has enlightened view (right belief; samkiti), he indeed does not have any problems, anywhere. He remains only the Knower-Seer everywhere. As long as there is any problem or objection, it cannot indeed be called samkit (enlightened view, right belief).
Dada Bhagwan|Civility (sabhyata,) is the sign of one with the right belief (enlightened view, samkit) and etiquette is the sign of one with a wrong belief (deluded view, bhranti).
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is even a trace of etiquette, there is no religion of moksha [ultimate liberation] there, nor any other religion. Religion is to be found in naturalness (saahajeekta)
Dada Bhagwan|When the servants break the cups and saucers, a ‘puzzle’ arises within. Who really breaks the cups and saucers? Who runs this world? One does not know that and inbetween, the ‘guest’ (of this world) does worries.
Dada Bhagwan|Is there not some arrangement (neutral gear) in the car, where the wheels do not turn, but the car keeps running? Similarly, one should do something, whereby worldly life continues and (karmic) ‘causes’ stops.
Dada Bhagwan|All who die, are all worldly beings (sansari – believing the worldly life to be real).
Dada Bhagwan|As long as there is (worldly) selfish interest, there is no unity. Unity is attained with the ultimate intent of the Self [the intent of attaining self-realization, liberation].
Dada Bhagwan|He who has conquered his internal enemies, to such an Arihant, I bow down to them. Learn to recognize the inner enemies. Anger, pride, deceit and greed are the inner enemies.
Dada Bhagwan|Those who have become vitarag (free from all worldly attachments), will have no intent of ownership (maliki bhav).
Dada Bhagwan|One creates ownership and then does egoism towards it, that is why suffering arises. No one is a boss/owner of anyone. Whose things and whose goods? However many fishes one catches from the sea, they are his. After he catches them, he gives rise to its ownership, he creates a liability for it.
Dada Bhagwan|Wherever there is ownership, there is upadhi (externally induced problems).
Dada Bhagwan|Anything you assume ownership of, it will strike back at you. Ultimately, even at the time of death, whomever you've had excessive intent of ownership, it will all become painful.
Dada Bhagwan|Rather than the one who gets angry, the world is more afraid of the one who does not get angry. Why? When anger ceases, grandeur of authority (pratap) arises. Such is the law of nature. Otherwise there would never be any protection for those who don't get angry. Anger provides protection during one’s conduct in ignorance of the self.
Dada Bhagwan|During anger, the parmanus (subatomic particles) are fiery and fierce and during greed, there are parmanus (subatomic particles) of attraction towards money.
Dada Bhagwan|If you become angry with someone today, it is a discharge kashaya (karma effect of anger-pride-deceit-greed). But in that [discharge karma] your intent is for it, which “charges” a [new] karmic seed.
Dada Bhagwan|You will not realize the absolute supreme Self (parmatma) unless the weakness departs. Anger, pride, deceit and greed are the weaknesses.
Dada Bhagwan|Understanding spirituality means that every day anger, pride, deceit and greed continue to decrease, will not increase.
Dada Bhagwan|One's liberation begins once he does the darshan of kashaya-free (absence of inner anger, pride, deceit and greed) Gnani purush [the enlightened one]. Who is considered kashaya-free? The one whose state is that where there was no kashaya, there is no kashaya, and there never will be any. The one who is never in the state of the non-Self. Doing darshan of such a One brings ultimate well being.
Dada Bhagwan|Doing Kashaya[anger, pride, deceit and greed] means to stumble. If artadhyan (adverse meditation) and raudradhyan (wrathful meditation) occurs, it is called stumbling.
Dada Bhagwan|What do worldly (non Self-realised) people do? They feel uneasy the moment a guest arrives. The husband tells his wife, 'you just show that you are upset, so then he will leave!' You get upset or even if you verbally abuse him, the guest will not leave. How can he when it was meant to happen [it is decided]? By getting upset, you are gathering stock (of karma) for the next life, you’ll need something to spend in your next life [won’t you]?
Dada Bhagwan|No one should feel hurt by you, you should make everyone happy and leave.
Dada Bhagwan|We have to help the one who has fallen, we should not question ‘why did you fall?
Dada Bhagwan|This [worldly life] is a huge entanglement; every sub-atomic particle of it is an entanglement and it is impossible to break free from it. Which is why the Lord has said, ‘If you encounter a Gnani Purush [the enlightened one], remain with Him’.
Dada Bhagwan|Only those with whom you have bound karmic accounts, in the past life, will be able to live with you together.
Dada Bhagwan|If in the laukik (worldly life), one attains the vision of alaukik (beyond the world), his work is accomplished.
Dada Bhagwan|Everyone in this world perform their ‘duty’. But when one performs the ‘duty’ and he also intimidates [scolds] someone in the process, he will reincarnate in the animal life form. If he carries out his duties with understanding, he will return to the human life form. And if he performs them with humbleness, he will reincarnate into the celestial world.
Dada Bhagwan|From the moment you realize, ‘I am the most worthless person in this world’; you become valuable.
Dada Bhagwan|One becomes independent (free) from the moment one realizes the principle that, ‘No living being is able to interfere with another living being to the slightest’.
Dada Bhagwan|If you try to do that which is not ‘our’ duty [the Self’s duty], it will create interference.
Dada Bhagwan|When you do not bother anyone at night, does anyone bother you? No one scolds you at night, do they? During the daytime, you create interferences, and that is why you suffer. Nature’s law is such that not a single difficulty will affect you, provided you do not interfere. All that affects you is your own interferences.
Dada Bhagwan|It is certain that if there is someone to hurt you on one side, there is also someone to help you on the other side. Just as you cannot see the one that hurts you, you also cannot see the one that helps you. If the one that hurts you cannot last more than four or five years, neither will the one that helps you.
Dada Bhagwan|One gets ‘headaches’, because he gives headache to others.
Dada Bhagwan|If you are straightforward, then others will have no choice but to be straightforward with you. If someone curses you, is he doing so at your responsibility? Is he doing so at God’s responsibility? No. He curses you at his own responsibility. And if you were to curse back, then it will be at your responsibility.
Dada Bhagwan|If a prisoner paints his cell in the prison, does it mean that he likes the prison? Why does he do so? It is because he has no choice. Similarly, one has no choice in the worldly life, and that is why he builds a house, buys car, builds a bungalow.
Dada Bhagwan|If one sides with pickpockets by saying, ‘what’s wrong with what he is doing? He doesn’t have any food so of course he’ll pick pockets!’ Now even when he is not a pickpocket himself, by supporting such actions, he will become a pick pocket in his next life. The poor man, although he makes the mistake in ignorance (in darkness, within), the price he will pay in brightness [that can be seen with 5 senses, the outer world].
Dada Bhagwan|There should not be opinion regarding anything. Opinion means you are supporting it. ‘Know’ the wrong as wrong, ‘Know’ right as right. There should not be any attachment (raag) towards the right, and abhorrence (dwesh) towards the wrong. There is no such thing as right or wrong. Right and wrong is a duality, it is illusionary vision, it is a societal belief. God does not see it that way. In God’s view, having a dinner on the table or going to toilet, they are both the same.
Dada Bhagwan|If one does not interfere in the obtained worldly life, then worldly life will run straight forward & smoothly. But one keeps interfering in the obtained worldly life. From the moment he wakes up, he interferes. If there is no interference in the unfolding circumstances one has obtained, then God’s control will prevail, but by interfering one takes over the control himself.
Dada Bhagwan|Disturbing anything [situation] results in damage. To improve, you do not need to disturb anything that is natural and has turned bad. You need to make way out; you need to find a solution.
Dada Bhagwan|It is very wrong to make fun of anyone because you make fun of the Lord residing within. It doesn’t matter if it is a donkey, but after all, (finally) who is he? He is God.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is conflict, there is no God.
Dada Bhagwan|The world is the puzzle, itself. The one who solves this ‘puzzle’ attains the degree of Parmatma [the Absolute Supreme Self].
Dada Bhagwan|Physical action [paudgalik kriya] will give only worldly fruits; it will not go in vain. If you plant sugar cane, you will eat sweet food and if you plant bitter gourd, you will eat bitter food. Plant whichever taste appeals to you and if you want liberation [Moksha], then don’t plant anything. Stop sowing seeds altogether.
Dada Bhagwan|If we break someone’s ego, then we can’t be happy. Egoism is his life!
Dada Bhagwan|Until pride (vanity) leaves, there is nothing but pain, pain and more pain!
Dada Bhagwan|What is the greatest weakness? ‘Egoism’. No matter how virtuous one may be, as long as the egoism is present; it is all useless. A virtuous person is only of use if he is humble.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no problem if there is ‘egoism’. But, it should be ‘normal’. ‘Normal’ egoism means that it does not hurt anyone.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism and Money [Goddess of wealth; Lakshmi] are very much at odds [have great enmity]. There should be just enough egoism to accomplish one’s work. Beyond that, any expanded egoism and money have great enmity. Money (Lakshmi) stays away from it.
Dada Bhagwan|One simply goes around doing egoism and then ultimately he ends up on the wood of the funeral pyre; such is the pitiful state. And if one is a very good person, he will be cremated with sandalwood. But it is all wood in the end. The true victor is the one who never dies.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no value to anything in this world, at the same time there is no need to ‘devalue’ anything.
Dada Bhagwan|The rupee becomes cheap [of less value] and is that why man becomes expensive [valuable] and when the rupee becomes expensive, man becomes cheap. At present, man has become cheap; he will become expensive again.
Dada Bhagwan|How beautiful are these bangles! But if you put them on a man, he will not like it because he has assessed his own worth. One cannot be the ‘thermometer (gauge)’ as well as the ‘fever’, both cannot be one.
Dada Bhagwan|Do not keep control over household affairs. The one who keeps control has to wander around. The unusable money [torn notes, ruined coins] are offered as homage in prayer rituals! ‘Live’ as a ‘friend’ with the ‘wife’. You are her ‘friend’ and she is your ‘friend’.
Dada Bhagwan|Whether you practice craftiness in your business, you will have profit and if you do not practice craftiness, then also you will have [same] profit. Craftiness creates a liability for the next life. So God had said not to do craftiness. There is no benefit in it and there is infinite suffering.
Dada Bhagwan|When the vision becomes right [correct], one sees only his own faults and when the vision is wrong [incorrect], he sees others at fault.
Dada Bhagwan|Everything is happening according to the ‘drawing’ [past causes], You just have to ‘see’ them. Desires are ‘drawings’ too.
Dada Bhagwan|One has thieving intention himself, otherwise no one can ever steal from him; no one can ever rob him. One’s own intention does the stealing; the thief is simply instrumental (nimit) in that. Really, the account is one’s own.
Dada Bhagwan|Anything you strive to correct, it will increasingly become wrong. So just let go of that which does not turn out right.
Dada Bhagwan|We’ (the Gnani Purush, the enlightened one) do not have the time to prove that ‘ours’ is correct; nor do ‘we’ have the time to make you correct as well.
Dada Bhagwan|No matter what the other person says, then take the bottom line out of it, everything in this world is ‘vyavasthit’ [result of scientific circumstantial evidences]. So don’t tell anyone, ‘you did wrong’. Not only should you not say this, you should not even think it.
Dada Bhagwan|Gnani’ [the enlightened one] is He who gives proof of whatever He says. He would not say, ‘All that I have said is correct; you will have to accept it’.
Dada Bhagwan|The world’s existence is with common intent. No one has ownership of it. One may do whatever suits him. You cannot criticize him; you cannot say, ‘This is wrong’. You cannot even think it. Everything is under nature’s management.
Dada Bhagwan|Even brahmins [people belonging to the caste who follow ritual practices] will not delve in the past and yet these intellectuals keep remembering, ‘This person cheated me. This man called me stupid!’ The flow of speech is like the flow of water. How can we ask it, ‘How did you come here tumbling down?
Dada Bhagwan|Who is considered a person [vyakti]? The one who has manifested (expressed) a little in the embodied self [vyakt] can be known as a person [vyakti]. If he is manifested (expressed) completely, he is known as a special person.
Dada Bhagwan|In a place of purity, if one does not follow the conduct of that place, there will be tremendous (karma) bondage. He will bind a life in hell!
Dada Bhagwan|Every person has to prepare himself to the point where no place would be burdensome for him. The place may get bored with him, but he will not get bored; he has to get prepared to that extent. Because otherwise these are infinite places; there is no end to the places. Infinite places are there.
Dada Bhagwan|All your future needs are ready for you, because within [us] resides the Supreme Lord. Provided there is no interference from [our] mind-speech-body!
Dada Bhagwan|To change from inauspicious [bad] to auspicious [good] can be done, through egoism. But egoism is not required to come to pure-state from auspicious-state. From there, one will not be able to know where to find the staircase to climb up the steps! That’s why, all this has stopped from going further.
Dada Bhagwan|In this life, you only need to do this much: You must know that the other person is instrument (nimit, in bringing you the results of your own karmas) so you must remain silent. Do not let the mind spoil in the slightest. If it does, then ask for forgiveness: ‘Dear Instrument! You are simply an instrument. I ask for forgiveness for spoiling my mind.’ You have to do only this much! That is the effort [purusharth]!
Dada Bhagwan|Everyone is born with the nimit (karmic evidentiary instruments). I too, am born with nimit. With this body, so and so number of tasks [work] will be done by him, such is the nimit!
Dada Bhagwan|One man told me, ‘My tooth is hurting’. Why would ‘your’ tooth hurt you? This is considered a contradicting statement. What is yours, it will never give you pain and what is not yours will always give you pain. If you expound on this, you will have the solution!
Dada Bhagwan|If the outside [our outside circumstances] has become spoilt so be it, don’t let the inside [our inner intent] spoil. If you don’t have the money to pay off your debt, keep the intent pure within that you want to pay it off. Because you did not let the inner intent spoil, the time to pay off the debt will come.
Dada Bhagwan|If the inner [intent] is not spoilt, it means “Our Own Self” did not spoilt. That which has become spoilt on the outside will burn in the funeral pyre; whether it improves or not.
Dada Bhagwan|If nothing on the inside spoils, nothing on the outside will either. This is the hidden secret of this world.
Dada Bhagwan|When a person’s debt increases a lot, at first he will feel he wants to pay it all back, later he will think, ‘Why give back?’ That spoils from within. We should not sign from within.
Dada Bhagwan|In this worldly life, one is possessed by the three ghosts of the mind, speech and the body.
Dada Bhagwan|There is a vast difference between sakshibhaav [being a witness; witnessing state] and Gnata-Drashta bhaav [Knower-Seer state]. Some saints may have attained sakshibhaav but they [still] have to make efforts to progress further. Despite sakshibhaav, their illusion [bhranti] has not gone. The ultimate state is the one of Gnata-Drashta.
Dada Bhagwan|God doesn’t need to be a witness. He doesn’t need to go to a court, does he? ‘You’ are the one who has to attain a witness state, so that there’s no karma bondage. And ‘God’ only keeps on ‘seeing’!
Dada Bhagwan|God does remain in a state of witnessing (sakshibhav), but that is a worldly God. Worldly God means witnessing through ‘egoism’. If one constantly remains in the witnessing state, then he would not bind karma.
Dada Bhagwan|Only this much needs to be known: If you separate ‘I’ and ‘my’, you will have known all the scriptures! Then the whole universe will be known to you!
Dada Bhagwan|Once you have learned how to subtract the gross form of ‘my’, subtract the subtle form of ‘my’. Thereafter, subtract the subtler and the subtlest forms. After subtracting all that, ‘I’ [Self] will be separate!
Dada Bhagwan|I’ is your own Self, only this much is to be ‘realized’!
Dada Bhagwan|Everyone knows how to subtract the gross form of ‘my’ (tangible ‘my’). But how can he know how to subtract the subtle, subtler and the subtlest forms of ‘my’? That is the work of the ‘Gnani Purush’ [the enlightened one].
Dada Bhagwan|I’ with ‘my’ is known as the embodied Soul [Jivatma]. ‘I am’ and ‘All this is mine’ is the state of an embodied Soul [Jivatma]. And ‘I indeed am’ and ‘All this is not mine’, is the state of the Absolute Supreme Self [Parmatma]!!!
Dada Bhagwan|I’ and ‘my’ are two separate tracks. They never unite. One may say, ‘this is my wife, we both are one [united]’. But we can’t say they are ‘one’, can we? Both the ‘I’ are indeed separate, aren’t they?
Dada Bhagwan|All which is regarded as ‘my’, belongs to the non-Self. ‘I’ is the Self and ‘my’ is of the non-Self; it is pudgal, the body-complex. There is nothing wrong with saying ‘this is mine’ in the worldly interactions, but the ‘I’, ‘who am I?’, must be decided from within.
Dada Bhagwan|The paramanus [indivisible atoms] of mind-speech and body are effective. That is why things appear as good or bad. It shows good as being bad and bad as being good. And because of that, opinions are formed. The parmanus [indivisible atoms] of mind-speech-body themselves express opinions.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as your mind has the contemplation ‘the tiger is a violent animal’, it will remain violent. And if your contemplation is, ‘the tiger is a pure soul’, then it will not remain violent. Everything is possible.
Dada Bhagwan|Even if just once, the inner intent spoils towards someone, as in ‘I will put him in his place’, it is a statement made with God as your witness, so how can it go to waste? There is no problem if the inner intent does not spoil. Everything will become silent. Everything will stop.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no point in worrying about the effect [result], which has already occurred. It is worth paying attention to the facts (causes) upon which the effects [results] are based.
Dada Bhagwan|If one maintains the intent of, ‘no one should have the slightest difficulty on my account’, then his work will be considered to be done.
Dada Bhagwan|We’ had come to identify who was behind all the prodding and the pushing. Everything that happens to you, is really your very own. “Nobody is responsible for ‘you’. ‘You’ are whole and sole responsible for yourself.
Dada Bhagwan|This world has been changing from time immemorial. But because it is “round” (subject to cycle of cause-effect), one cannot find an end to it.
Dada Bhagwan|Once one’s vision changes to, ‘I don’t have a sofa in my house’, he will purchase the sofa with a loan and pay 1.5% interest on it. One should first make a note of how much is the ‘necessity’.
Dada Bhagwan|The thing [vastu, eternal element] itself is just one. But a ‘like’ and ‘dislike’ occurs due to illusion, because everyone’s viewpoint is different.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If Christians read Holy Scripture, they will grow in the Knowledge of Christ. And be filled with the grace of God.
Dada Bhagwan|Those who eat what is rightfully theirs, will incarnate as humans. Those who take what is not theirs by right, will incarnate as animals. Those who give away to others, what is rightfully their own, will incarnate as celestial beings. Those who hurt others and take away from them what is not theirs by right; will take birth in hell.
Dada Bhagwan|The meaning of worldly life is external problems [upadhi, problems arising out of external situations]. There is nothing in it which belongs to us. Seeds (causes) of external problems are sown, and external problems grow again.
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life runs easily due to the egoism which is the by-production of the worldly life. By increasing the egoism there, one has incurred endless worries.
Dada Bhagwan|The ‘one’ who does no ‘egoism’, the worldly life ends for him!
Dada Bhagwan|Once the egoism has gone (stopped), all the worldly ‘matter’ of the body-complex [pudgal] are renounced! Where there is egoism, there is my-ness and where there is my-ness, there is a hidden egoism. When ‘Knowledge of the Self’ is attained, egoism and my-ness goes away. Only the dramatic (discharge) ‘egoism’ and ‘my-ness’ will remain.
Dada Bhagwan|In all animals, egoism is in a seed-form. It bears effect as a tree in the human life form! If the egoism is destroyed, ‘one’ becomes the ‘Absolute Supreme Self’[parmatma]!
Dada Bhagwan|This [worldly suffering] is indeed the result of a flawed-vision. When this flawed-vision goes away, the world will be seen “As it is”. By sitting with the ‘Experienced Person’ whose flawed-vision is gone, our flawed-vision will go away. Nothing else will make it go away.
Dada Bhagwan|The mind-speech-body are effective. When will they not have effect on one? It is when one realizes one’s own [True] Self. It is when one attains the awareness, ‘I am indeed absolute Supreme Self (Parmatma).
Christopher Poindexter, Naked Human|give me the worldbut for Christ's sake,do not sugercoat it.give me it rawand gleaming withtruth.i want the madnessto twirl me around untili can no longer stand.i refuse to be drunkon a soft world.the world is cruel,my love,you must understandthat,but in that understandingyou must understand this,too, just because it is crueldoes not mean it is notbeautiful.
Dada Bhagwan|To believe ‘I’ where ‘I’ is not, is known as tirobhav (concealed or hidden belief). To believe ‘I’-ness where ‘I’ is, it is known as Aavirbhav (visible or manifest belief).
Dada Bhagwan|If you make an inner-intent to remain steady in a completely unsteady atmosphere, you will be able to remain steady. This is because steadiness is indeed the quality of your own Self-form. So then, what do You have do with what is unsteady?
Dada Bhagwan|Inauspicious intents (ashubh bhaav) binds demerit karma (paap), auspicious intents (shubh bhaav) binds merit karma (punya) and pure intents (shuddh bhaav) results in liberation (moksha).
Dada Bhagwan|Nothing can touch the one who is oodasin (one unperturbed by worldly life). After attaining Knowledge of the Self, if one applies awareness of the Self, one can remain unperturbed (oodasin).
Dada Bhagwan|That for which, you are deserving; will come before you effortlessly. Your purity is required. What is required for your purity? [The intent of] ‘May no living being in this world be hurt by me’. If anyone hurts you, it happens as per the law [nature’s law].
Dada Bhagwan|The world is our own reflection. As long as there is deceit in you, others will deceive you.
Dada Bhagwan|The slightest pain that we have, is the reaction of the pain that we had given. So do what you find comfortable.
Dada Bhagwan|Even if one incurs a loss, he should expose this fact to the other person. This way the intent the other person does, will dispel the [negative] atoms and one will, become lighter himself. Otherwise suffering alone increases the mental burden.
Dada Bhagwan|In the beginning [in older days], if I were to say something that hurt the other person, I would turn it around by telling him, ‘Dear brother, my mind has been this way from the start!!!’ So the other person then becomes happy.
Dada Bhagwan|If we want to be free [get liberated], don’t compete. As long as there is competition, the other person will hide his faults and we will hide ours.
Dada Bhagwan|Competition is a bad company [kusang, the company which will bring our downfall].
Dada Bhagwan|No one has been able to win this world. That is why ‘we’ have made a very profound discovery that will help win this world. ‘‘We’ sit here defeated; if you want to win, then come [to me]’.
Dada Bhagwan|To speak in a way that causes the other person to get disturbed is the greatest crime. On the contrary, if someone else speaks in that way, you should suppress it; that is considered a human.
Dada Bhagwan|No one can bother the one who has not interfered in the slightest with anyone. If such a person were to go into a town of robbers, the robbers will welcome him with respect and offer him food. No matter how many diamonds he would have with him, the robbers would not be able to touch them. Otherwise they would rob even the one who is accompanied by ten policemen.
Dada Bhagwan|The world is so lawful that not even a single mosquito can touch you, as long as you do not interfere. If your interference stops, everything will stop.
Dada Bhagwan|Whatever the world does, is indeed all a natural discharge [disposal of karma]. You may chant God’s name, you may do penance; it is all nature’s discharge. If someone garlands you, how is he obliging you? And if someone picks your pocket, how is he hurting you? One is instrumental in the charging (creation of new karma), but in the discharge, it is only nature’s doing. This is the ultimate vision of the Vitraags, the Enlightened ones free of attachment.
Dada Bhagwan|If you are right, no one will bother you in this world. If you do not hurt anyone in this world, or you have no intention of hurting anyone, then no one can hurt you.
Dada Bhagwan|All day long, one continues to suffer sweet or bitter fruits. This life has been attained for the purpose of experiencing!
Dada Bhagwan|How long does the experience of pleasure or pain stay with you? For as long as there is weakness within. Then, further ahead they will not be there. There, one remains the ‘Knower’ of experience of pleasure and pain.
Dada Bhagwan|You may have committed a very bad fault but if you repent for it a lot; if you repent ‘heartily’ for it; the fault will have to go away. But people don’t repent ‘heartily’, do they? They just say superficially that ‘it was my fault’!
Dada Bhagwan|Like-dislike, good-bad, profit-loss; who gave rise to all these dualities? The society did. As far as God is concerned, there is no duality. If there are grains of food on one side and excrement on the other, in God’s eyes, they are both “material (matter)”. What does God say about this? “All are materials!
Dada Bhagwan|The one who has won over duality is adwait (non-duality; state of oneness, free from duality-state). With a transparent inner vision one can attain a state beyond duality.
Dada Bhagwan|If you want liberation [moksha], you will have to be rid of the duality of ‘right-and-wrong’. If you want to attain an auspicious (good) state, then have abhorrence for the ‘wrong’, and attachment for the ‘right’. There is no attachment or abhorrence in the pure state [shuddha].
Dada Bhagwan|What are dualities? They are what creates the worldly life [sansaar]. And if one attains Liberation [moksha], he will be beyond dualities!
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, when no dualities affect one, when nothing affects him, and he attains the awareness of ‘I am absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma)’; one’s well-being [spiritual work] is done.
Dada Bhagwan|Once the illusion (branti) goes away, one can see ‘as it is’, and that is why ignorance goes away. When ignorance goes, maya (deceit) goes. Once God’s maya is gone, the solution is found.
Dada Bhagwan|Not knowing one’s real Self is the greatest of maya (deceit; illusion). Once this ignorance is removed, the illusion departs.
Dada Bhagwan|In nature, there is no pain or suffering neither in the spiritual life nor in the worldly life. The worldly life has become painful due to lack of this understanding. One does not know how to interact in life. He should remain untouched in the worldly life. When one remains untouched in the worldly life, there is no end to the bliss that arises!
Dada Bhagwan|The mind is not the one that harasses you, it is the attachment-abhorrence that harasses you. It is because of the attachment-abhorrence that one has memory.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the goal of a human being? An Indian person can truly achieve a state of the Absolute Supreme Self [Parmatma, the Lord]. To achieve one’s own Absolute Supreme Self state is the ultimate goal!
Dada Bhagwan|Whatever one knows, he knows on the basis of his egoism. The ‘Gnani’ [The enlightened one], who doesn’t know how to do anything; has no egoism whatsoever.
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life [the relative] means 'superfluous'. Instead of superfluous, people believe it to be real (of nischaya) and then they even say, ‘this is indeed the way it should be, that is indeed the way it should be done.
Dada Bhagwan|How can one become free from the mind? If he lives as if he is dead, then he can become free from his mind.
Dada Bhagwan|The Gnanis [The enlightened ones] have said that if one lives as if he is dead, death will never come to him.
Dada Bhagwan|The moment one is born, the ‘saw starts cutting’. People consider it as death only when the wood breaks in two pieces [during funeral]. But it was being cut from the very beginning.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is ‘egoism’, there is no God. Where there is God, there is no ‘egoism’.
Dada Bhagwan|To have contrary [negative, wrong] intellect has become an odd rule in this current era, hasn’t it? The one who proceeds with caution will win.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we care for our spiritual needs, we shall find strength for any other well-being.
Munia Khan|When I ache to live, my mind loves to stay with the peaceful whiteness of a pigeon’s care...in boundless amity..
Dada Bhagwan|If your monetary wealth accumulates naturally and spontaneously, then let it accumulate, but do not lean on it for support. You may take its support and feel a sense of relief, but there is no telling when that support will move away. Therefore, conduct yourself with caution from the beginning so that you are not shaken up during time of painful experiences.
Dada Bhagwan|When will money not come to one? It is when he speaks ill of others and scandalizes. Money will come to the one who has purity of mind, body and speech.
Dada Bhagwan|Neither the world nor one’s actions cause obstructions; kashays (inner anger, pride, deceit, greed) cause obstruction!
Dada Bhagwan|The absence of inner intent for kashays is the same as the inner intent of the absolute Self (Parmatma). If one’s kashays are gone, then he becomes the ‘owner’ of the whole universe.
Dada Bhagwan|For infinite lives, one has been wandering around, and once in a while, he will attain a human birth. But there his back will hurt. He will have created obstacles such that he will not be able to eat, even when he is served a plate full of food. This is how it is! So think before you take any steps (before you do anything).
Robin Bertram|God encounters are to occur and continue throughout the life of a believer, constantly bringing each of us into a higher level of spiritual consciousness, constantly sharpening our spiritual senses, constantly challenging our complacency and status quo mentality.
Erik Pevernagie|What a wonderful world it could be, when spiritual factions would choose to read sacred writings as colorful metaphors and not as bloody declarations of war. (“Is heaven a place in the sky?”)
Dada Bhagwan|Freedom from all types of pain and misery is the exact (proper) religion. It is exact (proper) religion when egoism departs and all ‘wrong beliefs’ go away. If the ‘wrong’ beliefs’ are there, true religion cannot be there.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as the egoism is there, how can one attain the true religion?
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism itself is non-religion (adharma) and where there is no egoism that indeed is religion. Without the presence of a living Gnani, it is not possible for egoism to decrease.
Dada Bhagwan|One who does not join in with the unfolding karmic effects (karma oodai) is a Gnani (Self-realized), and an agnani (non-Self-realized) cannot indeed refrain from joining in with the unfolding karmic effects.
Dada Bhagwan|Unfolding of karmic effect is self-resulting (swaparinami). Therefore, whatever the unfolding karmic effect does is correct. Do not be obstinate there. The unfolding of karmic effect indeed means that it has come before you to give the result. Why not stop interfering in it?
Dada Bhagwan|Good karmas are an illusion and bad karmas are also an illusion. Despite this, I am not telling you to stop doing good karma. Going from bad to good is a good thing. However, in spite of doing good; the illusion doesn’t go away. True religion begins after the illusion has gone away.
Dada Bhagwan|God says that, ‘Either you tell me that you want only God, or you tell me that you want this worldly life; then I will give it to you.’ Do these people really want God? They actually want a house, they want wife and children.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The path towards living in a spiritual manner begins by eliminating inculcated cultural biases, destroying personal illusions, and gratefully accepting the world without sentimental artifice. Emotional detachment provides for clarity of vision.
Dada Bhagwan|One whose faith (nishtha) is set in God, he is known as Brahma-nishtha (settled in the Self).
Dada Bhagwan|When Self (Khuda) is realized, egoism (Aap-khudi) goes away.
Dada Bhagwan|When does one think of God? It is when he gains something from Him, when love for Him arises!
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|I love the way you lit candles, with the insistence that I never look, just so I can open my eyes and find the light in the darkness.
Dada Bhagwan|When will final Liberation [Moksha] occur?! It is when your knowledge, your understanding [darshan] becomes mistake-free. You have been stuck because of these mistakes. One says, ‘I am Chandulal. I am the husband of this woman. I am this boy’s father. I am eighty years old’. So many such mistakes are there! There is a series of such mistakes!! Mistake is indeed at the root of all that!!! ‘This’ is the only misunderstanding’ there is, and that is what has obstructed liberation. And through only one understanding there is liberation.
Dada Bhagwan|Every human being makes mistakes, so why should you be afraid? Go to the One who can get rid of the mistakes and tell him, ‘Sir, these are the kind of mistakes I make’, so he will show you the solution.
Dada Bhagwan|Nature will forgive those who accept their own mistakes and not blame God for them. When God is not the doer of anything at all, one takes on grave liability by saying that God did it.
Dada Bhagwan|If God were the doer, when will there be an end?! (If) God is the creator and he made us, we become his toys, so that is the end? When will we become liberated? No one is your superior and no one is your ‘underhand’ (subservient to you).
Dada Bhagwan|No one in this world is your boss! Yet people walk around with a perplexed look, thinking ‘someone will take away my things!’ Hey, you are the owner of the whole universe. Who can take away what is yours?
Gérard de Nerval, Selected Writings|Even as it clouds our corporeal vision, intoxication clarifies our spiritual vision. The mind, set free from the heavy bondage of the body, flees away like a prisoner whose guard has fallen asleep, leaving the keys at the prison gate.
Becky Wade, True to You|What I've learned is that the past might be challenging and the future might be unsure. And that's okay. The present is all we're given, anyway. When we get to the future, God will be there. He'll supply whatever we need for each day.
Lisa Eley, Thirteen Geese in Flight: One Black Woman's Ascent into Mental Illness|Depression is like being under house arrest, only there is no house.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|If your financial life is not in order, every other area of your life will be in disorder.
Alin Sav|In heaven there will be no tears, because every tear was cried when Jesus died on the cross.
Alin Sav|Yes it´s true, God is good, but not everything that seems to be good comes automatically from God.
Paramahamsa Yogananda, God Talks with Arjuna: The Bhagavad Gita|O MAN! Offer Thy labyrinthine longings into a monotheistic bonfire consecrated to the unparalleled God.Burn desire for human affection in the fire of aspiration for GOD alone, a love solitary because omnipresent!Throw faggot of ignorance to incandesce the blaze of insight! Devour all sorrows in the sorrow for God's absence. Consume all regrets in meditative bliss!
Maryknoll Book of Prayer, Maryknoll Missions|Enlightenment is the ability to see beyond all the things we make God to find God. We make religion God and so fail to see godliness where religion is not, though goodness is clear andconstant in the simplest of people, the remotest of places. We make national honor God and fail to see the presence of God in other nations, particularly non-Christian nations. We make personal security God and fail to see God in the bleak and barren dimensions of life. We separate spirit and matter as if they were two different things, though we know now from quantum physics that matter is simply fields of force made dense by the spirit of Energy. We are one with the universe, in other words. We are not separate from it or different from it. We are not above it. We are in it, all of us and everything, swimming in an energy thatis God. To be enlightened is to see behind the forms to the God who holds them in being.
Alin Sav|Jesus, Made in Heaven, assembled on earth.
Alin Sav|When you are in God's will, you're never to late, always on time.
Alin Sav|When heaven invades earth, it's more than a tsunami.
Alin Sav|We do not preach against people, we preach against sin.
Alin Sav|When you're in God's will, even when you miss, you will hit.
Rousseau Jean-Jacques 1712-1778|The body should be strong enough to obey the mind; a good servant must be strong. I know that intemperance stimulates the passions; in course of time it also destroys the body; fasting and penance often produce the same results in an opposite way. The weaker the body, the more imperious its demands; the stronger it is, the better it obeys. All sensual passions find their home in effeminate bodies; the less satisfaction they can get the keener their sting.
Oswald J. Smith, Man God Uses|To be a Christian for ten year and to be no more like Jesus then than at the time of conversion, is a tragedy.
Jalaluddin Rumi|This is love: to fly toward a secret sky,to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment.First, to let go of life.In the end, to take a step without feet;to regard this world as invisible,and to disregard what appears to be the self.Heart, I said, what a gift it has beento enter this circle of lovers,to see beyond seeing itself,to reach and feel within the breast.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Tree of Life|KUNDALINI DANCEDark and cold and wet were Her handsI felt Her chilly breath inside my throatHer claws deep inside trying to find traces ofFear within meI stayed still Accepting Opening ReceivingWithin a moment She was insideTwo fingers below My belly buttonIn there She found no traces of shiversno traces of resistance, no traces of weaknessjust clear pure Passage-WayThen She grew into Her most powerful SelfShe stood undisturbed, unmoved, unchangedTotally free and She screamedAAAAAUUUUUUMMMFrom the centre of the earth, Through the tunnels of the caves, To the surface of the volcanoesAAAAUUUUUUMMMMTo open: Mountain tops untouched by clouds and rainCherry fields in their full blossomA dog running after a train filled with the excitementA witch laughing at passers-by mirroring their paranoiaDeath looking us in the eyes searching for the chosen Few Capable to see the Key behind Her magic veil
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|When I am centered on love I don't need to be better than you. I don't need to be rich. I don't even need to be extraordinary. When I am centered on love, who I am and where I am at is enough.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Choosing to interpret all your experiences from a place of love will allow you to strengthen and empower yourself, while moving closer to the divine light.
Dada Bhagwan|Unless the Self is known, the power of the Self (swasatta) cannot arise.
Dada Bhagwan|Right knowledge (samikit) means right vision. What does the wrong vision do? It will make one say, ‘this person caused me a loss. This person profited me. That person insulted me. That person hurt me. This person made me happy.’ There is no one out there giving you pain or pleasure! Indeed, it is all within you.
Dada Bhagwan|Whatever the other person sees according to his view-point, you have to accept it. How can we make others accept our view-point?
Andy Weir|So what’s the point of it all?”“Seriously?” I asked. “Seriously? You’re asking me for the meaning of life? Isn’t that a little stereotypical?”“Well it’s a reasonable question,” you persisted.
Parna Chowdhury|When you shoot the arrows straight from your heart, it is bound to reach its target with a bull's eye and leave everlasting imprints ; raw and deep....
Nikki Rowe|Seek the temple within, the silent place you can go in the midst of it all.
Nebo D. Lukovich, Inner Peace, Outer Success: The Reintegration System: Spiritual Growth, Healing, Solving Problems and Achieving Goals with Cutting-Edge Mind Techniques|Any person or thing of significance to you unconsciously plays a role in mirroring your own internal universe, just as you do theirs.
Genevieve Gerard|Angels are attracted to humanity whenever you reach out to your Soul when you pray or meditate, when you are open to the world of Spirit and quiet your mind.
Zubin Mathai, The Oarsman|When she saw a shooting star streak overhead, she asked her beloved what he wished for, and he said he only wished to sit there with her for as long as forever.
Srimad Bhagavatam|Narada Muni says - Whether you consider the human to be an eternal jivatma or a temporary body, or even if you accept an indescribable opinion that he is both eternal and temporary, you do not have to lament in any way. There is no cause for lamentation other than the affection which has arisen out of delusion. (1.13.44)
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Why are the desert blooms that spring to life after a monsoon so magnificent? The answer is – their impermanence. The lush growth and blooming flowers do not last very long here in the desert, and this new growth only happens once a year. If this growth was never-ending, we would soon take it for granted. Likewise, our human lives. What makes them so special and unique? Our fleeting impermanence.
Leonard Perlmutter, The Heart and Science of Yoga: The American Meditation Institute's Empowering Self-Care Program for a Happy, Healthy, Joyful Life|It's the new best way to start your day - Ram Lev on Facebook Live TOMORROW, Thursday, March 16th, at 7:30am EST."If I am not the body that was born and dies, and I am not the mind that always changes, then who am I? The One who is aware of the body, aware of the mind, and aware of the questions.
Nikki Rowe|The moment you resist change, you resist existing past your current state of awareness.
The Bhagavad Gita|For him who has conquered the min, the mind is the best of friends; but for one who has failed to do so, his mind will remain the greatest enemy. SB 6.6
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|With silence comes mindfulness, and thus we become better at choosing our words with kind intent before we express them.
Nikki Rowe|Enlightenment isn't a vast field of open opportunities that will change your life, actually it is but first it will destruct anything in its path unattached to the version of you that is awake. That's the part no one prepares for, it will break you to the core but the break will make you something greater then you ever thought imagineable.
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to receive a promotion from God in spiritual things, then become more humble
Dada Bhagwan|People remain glued in worldly interactions and that is their mistake. It is because they have become glued, they have to suffer the beating from the world.
Maryum Ahsam|Prayer is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to release every pain
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|I used to see dolphins as cute, Smart and funny sea animals. I know now that they're astute, Divine beings, clever mammals.
Sunday Adelaja|For every physical realm, there is a spiritual realm
Dada Bhagwan|Until the ‘wrong belief’ leaves, we will continue to be robbed.
Shams Of Tabriz|When I was a child, I saw God,I saw angels;I watched the mysteries of higher and lower worlds. I thought all men saw the same. At last I realized that they did not see.....
Sunday Adelaja|Your relationship with God will determine your spiritual weight, your authority before Him
Sunday Adelaja|There are superior, spiritual laws inherent in human nature
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|When human knowledge could create mass ignorance in the physical plane of existence, those righteous souls who have earned the wisdom either in their evolving and upgrading process of cosmic consciousness or who have dwelled in the truth consciousness, are the last hope for the mankind on earth to eradicate the mass ignorance”.
Dada Bhagwan|There is only supreme bliss in the Soul, our True Self. But this bliss is obstructed because of impure inner intents.
Dada Bhagwan|If one departs from the bliss of the Eternal, he will come across the happiness that is obtained from the temporary.
Dada Bhagwan|Why should one ever get pain? One is the Absolute Supreme Self (parmatma), how can one have any pain? It is the egoism that causes pain and it is also the egoism that suffers the pain! The absolute Supreme Self doesn’t have any suffering!
Dada Bhagwan|If you give pain to someone out there, you will start to feel the pain within you! Such is the science of the Vitraags [the enlightened ones]. If you take everyone’s pain for one lifetime, it will make up for losses of infinite lifetimes!
Dada Bhagwan|One, who has passed through one pain, gets the strength to pass through many pains. Then he becomes the expert in passing through the pains.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is any kind of doer-ship, there is karmic bondage, and where there is knower-ship and inner understanding, there is Moksha [Liberation].
Dada Bhagwan|The mind’s nature is worldly. If someone comes late, the mind will say ‘Why did you come at this wrong time?’ And this will create [bondage with] an iron shackle.
Dada Bhagwan|The Agna, liberating instructions of the 'Gnani' [the enlightened one], purifies the mind. Knowledge of the Self [self realization] will give the mind, solutions in every circumstance.
Dada Bhagwan|If one discloses everything in speech he ‘designs’ in his mind, he will attain Moksha [liberation] sooner. The mind is so restless that it will create whatever design it wants and ruin countless [future] lives.
Dada Bhagwan|If the ‘effect’ is experienced, [karmic] bondage is created. If one experiences the ‘effects’ alone by himself, the [karmic] bondage will not be sticky. If he involves another person in it, the karmic bondage will be sticky.
Dada Bhagwan|By doing actions, one will not attain Liberation [Moksha]; through understanding leads one to Liberation. The fruit (effect) of action is the worldly life [sansaar].
Dada Bhagwan|Those who are in vyavahar (worldly interactions), and who are indeed conducting themselves in the vyavahar; are known as worldly people [sansaari]. And ‘Siddha’ (absolutely enlightened Ones without a body) are not in the worldly conduct whatsoever. Therefore, they are known as the ‘non-worldly’ people [asansaari]! Then there are those who are in the worldly life and yet whose conduct is not in the worldly life at all; such ‘Gnani Purush (the enlightened ones)’ are called, ‘non-worldly’ (asansaari).
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, all that which is on the outside, is also within! Faults that are seen on the outside [in other people] are the very faults that lie within [our own self]. The universe (Brahmand) that is on the outside is also within. When matters are settled with everyone on the outside, everything within will get settled. Thereafter none within will have complaints.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is anger-pride-deceit-greed [kashay], there is fire, and as long as there is fire, there will be scorching pain of the furnace.
Dada Bhagwan|To say, ‘he lacks understanding’, about someone is an open kashay (inner weakness of anger-pride-deceit-greed).
Dada Bhagwan|The whole world dislikes kashays (inner weakness of anger-pride-deceit-greed) and yet, all the kashays of the world are done willfully. One doesn’t like to be angry and yet he claims anger is necessary.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as the vision is flawed, egoism is evident. Therefore, one has to get rid of the flaws.
Dada Bhagwan|Our people believe in God, don’t they? And they also do secretive acts, don’t they? How can you keep a secret from God [the absolute supreme self within us] that knows all your actions? If you want to realize God, then you cannot do secret acts.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the science of Vitraag (the enlightened ones free of attachment)? [It is that where] If one understands a single word of the Vitarag, there will be no pain. But one has not understood a single word of ‘Vir’, the Vitaraag Lord Mahavir [The 24th Tirthankar]
Dada Bhagwan|When there is no overt [outward] or subtle inner restlessness, it is indeed the state of internal peace. If the chit (inner component of knowledge and vision) concentrates on the external, inner peace breaks down. It is because of the external focus that this world has arisen.
Dada Bhagwan|As the Self [Pure Soul], one never dies; it is only the beliefs that die.
Dada Bhagwan|The buddhi [intellect] is today’s gain, it is today’s experience! Whereas, akkal [insight, wisdom] is a nature’s gift!
Dada Bhagwan|That which gives detailed analysis of anger-pride-deceit-greed and puts them aside and doesn’t allow any clashes to occur at home, is known as intellect. It makes one do ‘everywhere adjustment’.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is use of the buddhi [intellect], there is no Moksha [Liberation], and where there is Moksha, there the intellect is not needed. Samaj [Understanding] is needed.
Dada Bhagwan|There are two ways by which one will realize the life’s goal. If we have not met a Gnani Purush, then we should live life in such a way, that we hurt no one. Our highest goal should be to not hurt any living being in the slightest. The other way is if you encounter the Gnani Purush, then you should remain in the Gnani’s satsang. In doing so, all your work will be accomplished. All the 'puzzles' will be solved.
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life means something superficial. When people speak during their interactions, they put a ‘full stop’ there, but no, there should be a ‘comma’ there. People have put a full stop there. ‘I am Chandubhai’ - there should be a comma there and ‘I am Pure Soul’ – there should be a full stop there.
Dada Bhagwan|There is worldly life where there is competition and where there is no competition, there is ‘Gnan’, (true) Knowledge.
Dada Bhagwan|No one has been successful in this ‘race course’. One simply dies of exhaustion from running. ‘We’ (the Gnani Purush, the enlightened one) never take part in this race. ‘We’ would simply tell, ‘Dear Man, I am not capable.
Dada Bhagwan|This is Akram Vignan [Akram Science - the stepless spiritual science of direct realization of the Self]. Once you pull out from the racecourse [competitive worldly life], your 'personality' will shine then. Those in the racecourse will never have personality; not a single person.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who blesses the winner, after having lost himself, will attain liberation (moksha); he will become “complete”.
Dada Bhagwan|If you try to win, you bind (create) enmity, and if you acknowledge defeat, you will be freed from enmity.
Dada Bhagwan|If you say that you have accepted defeat, the world will let you go. ‘We’ have discovered this. Because, we had tried to win over the world and in doing so, we had to go through many incarnations. And in the end, I said that I have acknowledged defeat and settled down.
Dada Bhagwan|If only one word of the ‘Gnani Purush’ [the enlightened one] is understood, then your welfare [that which liberates] is done.
Dada Bhagwan|No one in this world is in a position to interfere with you. Therefore, do not find fault with the world; the fault is only yours. These are the echoes of interferences that you had caused. Had you not interfered, there would be no echoes that would hit you.
Dada Bhagwan|The whole world can be explained in just one sentence. ‘What is being discharged (visarjan) is old and what is being charged (sarjan) is new’. If someone is discharging bad behavior but at the same time, has learned from the ‘Gnani Purush’ [the enlightened one]; he would be charging a higher life form!
Dada Bhagwan|Charging [creation of new karma] is under ‘your’ control and discharge [disposal of karma] is in nature’s control. Therefore, if you want to charge, charge positively. Whatever you have charged, nature will not refrain from discharging.
Dada Bhagwan|This world stands on the foundation of the relationship between the support and the support-taker. If the support is removed, the support-taker will be released.
Dada Bhagwan|This whole world is running solely on the foundation of ‘wrong belief’. Why is there suffering in the world? It is because one has acquired the ‘wrong belief’. With the ‘right belief’, there is no suffering at all.
Dada Bhagwan|When the ‘right belief’ occurs, the world will appear quite different. ‘Right belief’ will take one towards the Eternal (Self), and the ‘wrong belief’ will take one towards the worldly life.
Dada Bhagwan|Right knowledge (samkit) means right vision. What does the wrong vision do? It will make one say, ‘this person caused me a loss. This person profited me. That person insulted me. That person hurt me. This person made me happy.’ There is no one out there giving you pain or pleasure! Indeed, it is all within you.
Dada Bhagwan|Anger-pride-deceit-greed; they are the ones giving you pain and only they are your enemies. There is no other enemy out there. There is only a nimit (evidentiary doer) outside. Wrong vision makes you accuse the nimit. When you attain the right belief (samkit), know that you have found the solution.
Dada Bhagwan|The Gnani Purush simply makes the separation in one’s vision: ‘This is the vision of the Soul, the real Self’ and ‘this is the vision of the worldly self’. Otherwise a person can never make this change in his vision. One’s vision of ‘I am Chandubhai’ (vikalpi drashti) will never become the vision of ‘I am the Pure Soul’ (nirvikalpi drashti).
Dada Bhagwan|When ‘my’ and ‘I’ are gone, it is known as a state free of wrong beliefs (nirvikalp)!
Dada Bhagwan|What is the benefit of egoism? It is only through the benefit of egoism that people get their daughters married, get their sons married, walk around as a father and say ‘mine, mine’! The entire world is enjoying the benefit of egoism. The Gnanis (Self-realized) enjoy the benefit of the Self.
Dada Bhagwan|To imagine the Self where it is not, is called maya (deceit).
Dada Bhagwan|What do the Vitraag Lords say? “I am Chandulal” is a Gneya (that which is to be known) yet one believes himself to be the knower. When the knower comes into the ‘Knowing state (gnata padh) and that which is to be known, comes into the ‘state of being known (gneya padh)’, ‘we’ will call him ‘Jitendriya-Jin’.
Dada Bhagwan|The path people know, is not the path of liberation. It is the path of the worldly life. The path of liberation is not one of imagination. It is a pure path. Where there are no worries, no externally created problems. There is bliss of the Self (samadhi) amidst all external problems.
Dada Bhagwan|The Lord states, ‘What can one do to go to moksha? He can go if he attains the right belief of the Self; or if he attains the grace of the Gnani Purush’.
Dada Bhagwan|When egoism ends, that indeed is called the Absolute supreme Self (Parmatma). Egoism indeed is the illusion.
Dada Bhagwan|If a man keeps on talking negatively and we scold him, what is that tantamount to? It is like kicking the door of a latrine because it smells bad; will kicking it make it smell good?
Dada Bhagwan|If one were to just understand the worldly life and what it is, he would attain liberation [moksha]. The worldly life is ‘relative’. And “All these relatives are temporary adjustments”.
Dada Bhagwan|When everyone in the family is united, when they resolve their issues with each other and unite; it is called vitarag bhav, attachment-free intent. And to disunite is to have raag-dwesh, attachment-abhorrence remain.
Dada Bhagwan|If attachment becomes fixed on a 'Gnani' [The enlightened one], then it becomes Real attachment (prashastaraag). It will get one’s work done. It will uproot attachment in all other places. Because the Gnani is Vitarag, attachment-free. Attachment for a Vitarag gives liberation from all the suffering.
Dada Bhagwan|The kashays (inner anger, pride, deceit and greed) that keep one entrenched in the coolness of the worldly life are the very thing that makes one wander life after life.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as there is greed (desire) for even a single situation, one will have to come back into the world and wandering will continue until then.
Dada Bhagwan|The one whose kashays, (inner anger, pride, deceit, greed) are gone is worthy of worship. The absence of inner intent of kashays is indeed Gnani!
Dada Bhagwan|Wherever there is kashay, there is no religion of the Vitarag at all. God does not want one to renounce anything. One needs to become free from kashays. Kashay-free state is considered the religion of moksha, while renouncing is considered religion of the world.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is kashay, they are all considered heaps of parigraha (worldly possessiveness); whether one is living in the Himalayas or in a cave. Where there is absence of kashays, there is absence of possessiveness; even if one is then living in a palace!
Dada Bhagwan|There should be no restlessness within, no matter what the circumstances. If there is restlessness within, know that the kashays have not left yet.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Who are you without your labels and attachments to the issues you are passionate about? Remove the emotions, remove the beliefs and associations, and simply focus on the rational and practical applications that promote peaceful progression.
Dada Bhagwan|You have a habit of having an ‘underhand’, and that is why you get a boss. Otherwise, no one is your boss and no one is your underhand; such is the world.
Dada Bhagwan|One will have to know the Self. Unless Self is known, God [Allah] cannot be attained. The power of Self should be attained. The power of Self is an abode of infinite bliss. There is no unhappiness there at all. This happiness is there even if someone insults you!
Dada Bhagwan|Bhagwan’ (God, Self) and ‘Paramatma’ (Supreme or absolute Self); these two words are spoken. Muslims speak the two words-‘Khuda’ (God, Self) and ‘Allah’ (Supreme spirit, Absolute Self). Allah is used for Paramatma and Khuda is used for Bhagwan.
Dada Bhagwan|Unless the Self is known, the power of the Self (swa satta) cannot arise.
Dada Bhagwan|When they say that, ‘God takes avatar (reincarnates)’ is incorrect. He is known as an avatari when last two or three incarnations (before Moksha) remain. God does not have the ability at all to do karma! Man does not have that ability either. It is due to illusion that he feels ‘I did it’!
Dada Bhagwan|Is it wrong worldly interaction (avyavahar) when someone insults you? It is (correct) worldly interaction (vyavahar). Gnani (Self-realized person) will be pleased that he has become free from karma bondage, when someone insults Him; while a non Self-realized person will fight back.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism does not have eyes of its own. Some days, it sees through the eyes of the intellect (buddhi). However, what will happen if you befriend a blind man?
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Light and flow is what shifts the world’s vibration, not the stagnation and resistance that comes with opposition.
Dada Bhagwan|There is infinite energy within you. Whatever you think within, that very same thing will happen on the outside! However, here one chases his thoughts and works hard for things and yet nothing happens on the outside, people have incurred so much loss! Kaliyug (the time-cycle with lack of unison of mind, speech and body) is upon us!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Tragedy of life: we want to possess more material wealth, but fail to enjoy the spiritual riches.
Dada Bhagwan|God has said not to create any accounts (karmic). Create accounts (only) if you have the knowledge of the future. Hey! If you want to start an account, then why don’t you account for the possibility that you may die tomorrow?
Dada Bhagwan|In reality, those who cheat are indeed the ones who get cheated. Those who are cheated will gain experience and develop (spiritually) in the process. Only money earned dishonestly will be taken away (by nature) from one; rightfully earned money will be put to good use!
Osho, The Journey of Being Human: Is It Possible to Find Real Happiness in Ordinary Life?|To be "great" is an ego goal; to be real is existential.
Christopher Pike, Sati|You’re in love with your image of Linda. Mr. Green is in love with his image of Jesus. Both of your images have little to do with reality. Both of you are making yourselves miserable.’'That’s not fair, comparing me to him. You don’t see me hammering nails in people.’'You prefer to hammer them through your own hands.
Tony Evans, The Power of God's Names|Watches have watch makers, paintings have painters, designs have designers, and creation has a creator,
Peter  Wilkes|Humans assign gender to God, so the first question to ask ourselves is who decided God was male? The second question is why?
Deborah A.Bowman|Annie's message is timeless, her shining spirit and healing gift from the Spiritual Universe will capture your heart. She was born with birth defects in a time when special children and their mothers were put to death or banished. But have things changed really that much? Have they changed enough? "No!" Bullying, abuse, ridicule, and inequality thrives in the lives of women and children in our global modern society, just as surely as it did in the mid-1600s Colonial America. Based on factual research.
Angelos Michalopoulos, The man who has only one truth in him|We not only don’t have fun with what we are supposed to enjoy,but whatever we don’t enjoy has started having fun with us.
Christopher Pike, Strange Girl|As much as you long for it, it longs for you more. Take one step toward the Big Person and it will take a hundred steps toward you.
Erik Pevernagie|A living together becomes a living apart, when the pineal gland has not been able to create a luster of spiritual togetherness and emotional attachment. (“I wonder what went wrong.” )
Nikki Rowe|You wake up oneday and it's different, not so much in a physical way but in the way you look at things. I think when you reach that primary moment in your life, you finally have the courage to let go of the human attachments and start to live in a way that compliments your heart and soul.
Belsebuub, The Astral Codex: Out-of-Body Experiences and Lucid Dreaming for Spiritual Knowledge|Each of us at our root is consciousness, and in the highest of the spiritual realms life and form become light. I experienced this in an OBE in which I went to the outer ring of the source of creation.
Steve Maraboli|Actions reveal… If you have to TELL me you’re honest, caring, generous, spiritual, kind, loving, and a good person... you’re doing it wrong.
Ayush Yadav|Look inside, and be your own guide.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|What is the own self of God? Where is the existence of God? He is within a human body. If any man achieves the Godhood, then his form will be manifested within others and transform them into his own form in the spiritual world. And that transformation does not occur after death
Sharon Gardner, Holidays in Poem for the Heart of a Child|We create our own reality through our thoughts, emotions and beliefs.
Phoenix, The Book of One: How to Unify Your Body, Spirit and Soul|The prophecy, "The Revelation of Christ" is about mankind's journey into a darker reality and then our quest to create a light based reality. We can only create a light based reality when we have re-created our collective spirit to make it strong enough to hold light.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|To get rid of a spiritual problem, we need to pull it up by its spiritual root. To pull up roots, we're going to have to be willing to get our hands dirty, to make some sacrifices that provides long-term benefits instead of short-term, refinanced gains. God is willing to help us, to provide the tools we need to weed out those areas where our desire for money is spoiling our fruit of the Spirit.
Brad Pitt|When I got untethered from the comfort of religion, it wasn't a loss of faith for me, it was a discovery of Self.
Rehmat Changaizi|When you fondle meWith your feathery hands,Then…! I feelThe cabal’s of fireflyCreep into my soul
st. john the solitary|St. John the Solitary: “Be attentive to the thoughts of the mind. If some evil thought passes through you, do not get upset, for it is not the transient thoughts of your mind that the knowledge of the Lord of all observes, rather He looks at the depths of the mind to see if you take pleasure in that evil thought which resides there; for hateful thoughts float over the surface of the mind, but it is the senses that are lower down which can chase away hateful thoughts, which the Lord of all examines. He does not judge what just passes over the mind, but rather the thoughts that are lower down than those hateful ones, namely those which appear in the depths of the mind, which can drive them away with its hidden hand. For He does not pardon the thoughts which spring up from the depth of the mind, for it is they which should be chasing away those which pass over the surface of the mind; He judges those thoughts which have a passage into the heart.
levi paul taylor|we can look underneath a rock or we can gaze upward into the skywe may choose to hear the whisper, or only turn to feel the warmth of a breathall to grasp the moment a message is passing bye, knowing all the time that we are not alone by chance...
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Spiritual learners too slowly graduate like students of normal education. If you are mentally elevated, you can grasp and appreciate complex teachings.
Adam Oakley|Sometimes you just have to turn off the lights, sit in the dark, and see what happens inside of you.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|Gender imbalance is, at its root, a collective spiritual crisis.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|If you catch yourself wondering why you want more of the world and you're not satisfied with God, it's because you have a spiritual problem.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|From her very flesh and blood and from the constant cycles of filling and emptying the red vase in her belly, a woman understands physically, emotionally, and spiritually that zeniths fade and expire, and what is left is reborn in unexpected ways and by inspired means, only to fall back to nothing, and yet be reconceived again in full glory.
Rajasaraswathii|I am neither the mind not the thought, I am its Creator.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|From personal experience, I know for sure that the number one thing that saddens the dead more than our grief — is not being conscious of their existence around us. They do want you to talk to them as if they were still in a physical body. They do want you to play their favorite music, keep their pictures out, and continue living as if they never went away. However, time and "corruption" have blurred the lines between the living and the dead, between man and Nature, and between the physical and the etheric. There was a time when man could communicate with animals, plants, the ether, and the dead. To do so requires one to access higher levels of consciousness, and this knowledge has been hidden from us. Why? Because then the plants would tell us how to cure ourselves. The animals would show us their feelings, and the dead would tell us that good acts do matter. In all, we would come to know that we are all one. And most importantly, we would be alerted of threats and opportunities, good and evil, truth vs. fiction. We would have eyes working for humanity from every angle, and this threatens "the corrupt". Secret societies exist to hide these truths, and to make sure lies are preserved from generation to generation.
Leonard Nimoy, I Am Not Spock|Spencer Tracy, when asked for advice on acting, said, “Know your lines and don’t bump into the furniture.” James Cagney said, “Walk in, plant your feet, look the other fellow in the eye and…tell the truth.” With all due respect to both of these giant talents, I would have to say there’s something more. The true creation of a being, a character other than one’s self, for me is comparable to a mystical or spiritual experience. To stand in another person’s shoes. To see as he sees, to hear as he hears. To know what he knows, and to do all this with a sense of control, a mastering of the dramatic moment, there must be more than a “natural talent” at work.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Did I Not Say To YouDid I not say to you, “Go not there, for I am your friend; in this mirage of annihilation I am the fountain of life?” Even though in anger you depart a hundred thousand years from me, in the end you will come to me, for I am your goal. Did I not say to you, “Be not content with worldly forms, for I am the fashioner of the tabernacle of your contentment?” Did I not say to you, “I am the sea and you are a single fish; go not to dry land, for I am your crystal sea?” Did I not say to you, “ Go not like birds to the snare; come, for I am the power of flight and your wings and feet?” Did I not say to you, “ They will waylay you and make you cold, for I am the fire and warmth and heat of your desire?” Did I not say to you, “ They will implant in you ugly qualities so that you will forget that I am the source of purity to you?” Did I not say to you, “Do not say from what direction the ser- vant’s affairs come into order?” I am the Creator without directions. If you are the lamp of the heart, know where the road is to the house; and if you are godlike of attribute, know that I am your Maser.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|Some things happen for a reason, Others just come with the season.
Morihei Ueshiba, The Art of Peace|The purpose of training is to tighten up the slack, toughen the body, and polish the spirit.
Mac Canoza|WORSHIP IN SPIRIT AND IN TRUTH."Only those who obey the word of truth can truly worship God in spirit.
douglas m laurent|Tempestuous plains tell the tale,Windswept wastes do bewail,Haunting Spirit of the land,Seeks the living, seeks the damned.Horizoned edge sheared with grass,			Dark Storm Rising in the pass,Ageless Spirit seeks the path,To torment souls to the last.Brooding Spirit upon the plain,Thunderhead gathers for the rain.				Light grows dim then bolts with pain,On dry Earth her sin is stained.(Frightened creatures do stampede,Into night, they do recede).Ungodded hand on seasoned blade,Reaps the harvest of the Age.Released from her eternal din,Spirit of the Age rises again.Seeking to plunder and consume,		Those who were proud, those who presumed.Spirits rage while storm draws nigh,Upon burning plain and emblazoned sky.It is said giants grapple in the Earth so deep,To contend for souls that they might keep.		The Storm spirit now searches the high and the low,To seek her manchild victim in the fields below.Leaves bad wasteland to claim but a fallen man,Denying it Heaven, crowning it, ‘Son of the Damned.’Treacherous Spirit of the far lost night,			Tramples souls down denying them light.Storm seethes with furious hiss,Leads men on to bottomless pit.This most ancient of foes has come from her den,To seek the living, to make ready those dead.	A living sacrifice is her soul desire,To snatch the soul for black funeral pyre.A double-damned devil, that is she,This one who lies, who claims to make free.A lying spirit, that is her domain,					A storm-wracked Fury of self-proclaim.Onward she seeks, this bleak Northern wind,Searching for naught but for a soul akin.Amidst the howling and the rage,To murder again, that is her trade.				As this spirit of graves left the plain,She left a wake of dead in shrouded train.			Now down from the plain Storm did come,Unto those cities wherein was no sun.There with whirlwind she did rip and scour,		For those souls of whom she could tear and devour.She comes to seek the living and the dead,Those who were frightened, those with no dread.Thus upon those she did acclaim,“I am the Mistress of the living and the slain.”		O’ haunting Spirit of this land,Taker of life, maker of the damned. --On Villainess Storm, Ch. One Valley of the Damned
Ian Baucom, Through the Skylight|Believing is not thinking something is true, Shireen. It is acting for the truth.
Barry Babcock, TEACHERS IN THE FOREST: Essays from the last wilderness in Mississippi Headwaters Country|While I lingered about the old village and the lake, with the water lapping on the shore and the wind whispering in the big pines, I felt for a moment that I was back in time among the Ojibwe families going about their business.
Anthony Nicolosi, Archangels|I know this is what God made me … He wanted me to be a gay man so he could have this experience with me. In my spirit, in my soul…this is why he made me…so that he could experience it with me from the clay, to the sparkling dust of spirit that is also me, flowing into heaven.
Ian Baucom, Through the Skylight|Believing, too, that is not enough. You cannot just believe. Your belief must have a purpose.
Lateef Abader|So you want to succeed?!! Then, do what you got to do!!! make an effort!!!, effort is not between you and someone else, effort is between you! and you! so do what you got to do!!! IT'S ALL UP TO YOU!!!
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|It is not the end of the physical body that should worry us. Rather, our concern must be to live while we're alive - to release our inner selves from the spiritual death that comes with living behind a facade designed to conform to external definitions of who and what we are.
Andulairah, Eyes Of The Scarlet Rose|Your heart is the compass, Your soul is the journey...
Lujan Matus, Whisperings of the Dragon; Shamanic techniques to awaken your Primal Power|When a not-doing comes upon you, and there is no reflection of yourself to be found, many things can and will be related back to you as knowledge, yet you have no way of knowing how you assimilated that wisdom.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|The only way to know God, the only way to know the other, is to listen. Listening is reaching out into that unknown other self, surmounting your walls and theirs; listening is the beginning of understanding, the first exercise of
Erin Fal Haskell|To the extent to which your consciousness is limited or expanded, is the extent to which you experience being divided or divine.
Dada Bhagwan|Illusion (maya) makes one take birth, illusion makes one get married and illusion also makes one die. But here the condition is that it is not the reign of illusion. It is your own reign. It cannot happen unless you wish for it. Illusion gives the result (effect) of what you had consented to in your past life.
Dada Bhagwan|For the one who ‘enjoys’ (worldly) happiness, there will come a time for him to endure sorrow.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no entanglement where there is truth, and where there is no truth, there is entanglement of playing with ‘toys’ (interaction with people).
Dada Bhagwan|The one, whose worldly entanglements have gone, is called the ‘Absolute Person’ (Sampoorna Purush).
Dada Bhagwan|The world is entrapped through uneasiness, not through diseases (illnesses). Diseases (illnesses) are caused by uneasiness. Do the trees get any diseases (illnesses)? Do the crows become paralyzed or have high blood pressure?
Dada Bhagwan|Religion stops the loot of illusion; and through non-religion, the loot of illusion begins.
K.S. Marsden, The Shadow Falls|You no longer speak of your old friends, your Council, your home. I fear that you are forgetting them, and forgetting your reason for coming here.”Hunter sighed. “It’s difficult to talk about them, they don’t belong here. Anyway, I thought you wanted me to give up my old life. Congratulations, you’ve won.”The Abate smiled sadly. “Perhaps I did, I wanted you to abandon your violent past and adopt our ways. But I see that you are giving up everything and taking on nothing. What are you afraid of George?
Gautama Buddha|Mirror mirror on the wall, show the real me or naught at all.
Janice  Anderson|Inner peace doesn't have to be religious, spiritual, or impossible. It simply means you think and act with clarity and compassion--no longer conquered by the storms of the mind.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|The beauty of death is that it is a constant reminder of the limited time we spend here in this unique life on Earth. It is the ongoing wakeup call that reminds us to be joyous, to laugh, to love, to be compassionate and grateful, and most of all – to forgive.
Alaric Hutchinson|Conflict forces us to be fully present because it shatters our ego – stripping away all hope of escape or sugar coating. It removes everything that is nonessential to our authentic being; it removes all superficial layers. Conflict is painful because it wakes us up out of our created illusions. And if we lean into it, conflict can be the catalyst to our enlightenment.
Meraaqi, Divine Trouble|I want topeel away all the labelsI had once given to othersand place themupon the fabricof my own identity.They have reflected back to me,everything that I refuseto See in myself.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|n every culture, the sky and the religious impulse are intertwined. I lie back in an open field and the sky surrounds me. I’m overpowered by its scale. It’s so vast and so far away that my own insignificance becomes palpable. But I don’t feel rejected by the sky. I’m a part of it - tiny, to be sure, but everything is tiny compared to that overwhelming immensity. And when I concentrate in the stars, the planets, and their motions, I have an irresistible sense of machinery, clockwork, elegant precision working on a scale that, however lofty out aspirations, dwarfs and humbles us.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|And since we cannot deceive the whole human race all the time, it is most important thus to cut every generation off from all others; for where learning makes a free commerce between the ages there is always the danger that the characteristic errors of one may be corrected by the characteristic truths of another.
Dada Bhagwan|If there is true ‘Selfishness,’ then there is ‘liberation of the Self’, and that indeed is one’s own form (the Self).
Alaric Hutchinson|Your sweet-toting and sugarcoating is of no service to anyone! Do not sugarcoat reality; it only gives the people in your life a sweet-tooth that then makes it more challenging for them to later bite down on the hardness of life. Do not tote and tout sweets either – you’re malnourishing people! Instead give them the truth. What is the truth you may ask? Authentic expression of who you really are, how you really feel, without projecting the labels of right or wrong.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|The man can neither make, nor retain, one moment of time; it all comes to him by pure gift; he might as well regard the sun and moon as his chattels.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|He's a hedonist at heart. All those fasts and vigils and stakes and crosses are only a façade. Or only like foam on the seashore. Out at sea, out in His sea, there is pleasure, and more pleasure. He makes no secret of it... He has a bourgeois mind. He has filled His world full of pleasures.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When engaging in simple everyday banter and communications, this rule of thumb can really help suppress a lot of our negative word ‘vomit’ since we often mindlessly chat about the things we don’t like. If we refrain from expressing our negative opinions about things unless they’re directly asked for, we can train ourselves to respond rather than react the second we see or hear something and then feel we must verbalize our views about it.Remember, even if we don’t agree with someone or something, we can still speak about the subject at hand in a positive light to encourage growth rather than guilty motivation. I like to say I express more “inspirations” than “opinions” with each passing day.
Dada Bhagwan|When monetary dealing in religion stops, the religion will manifest its splendor!
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|No man will love you, though you gave your life for him, unless you have a pretty face. So (might it not be?), the gods will not love you (however you try to pleasure them, and whatever you suffer) unless you have that beauty of soul. In either race. for the love of men or the love of a god, the winners and losers are marked out from birth. We bring our ugliness, in both kinds, with us into the world, with it our destiny.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Even of his sins the Enemy does not want him to think too much: once they are repented, the sooner the man turns his attention outward, the better the Enemy is pleased.
Munia Khan|Sharpen your life always; even though it will come to an end like a pencil, we have to keep on writing
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|There is no reason good enough for us to ever be out of alignment with Peace, and there is no reason good enough for us to ever be out of alignment with Love.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Now it may surprise you to learn that in His efforts to get permanent possession of a soul, He relies on the troughs even more than on the peaks; some of His special favourites have gone through longer and deeper throughs than anyone else.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|Of the things that followed I cannot say at all whether they were what men call dream. And for all I can tell, the only difference is that what many see we call a real thing, and what only one sees we call a dream. But things that many see may have no taste or moment in them at all, and things that are shown only to one may be spears and water-spouts of truth from the very depth of truth.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|We want cattle who can finally become food; He wants servants who can finally become sons. We want to suck in, He wants to give out. We are empty and would be filled; He is full and flows over. Our war aim is a world in which Our Father Below has drawn all other beings into himself: the Enemy wants a world full of beings united to Him but still distinct.
Dada Bhagwan|The Right Knowledge reduces pain-and-suffering, and increases happiness. If we fall short of having acquired the Right Knowledge, the faults is ours’, isn’t it?
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|Are the gods not just?' 'Oh no, child. What would become of us if they were?
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|It is the gods who have been accused. They have answered her. If they in turn accuse her, a greater judge and a more excellent court must try the case.
Dada Bhagwan|If one is destined to go wrong, he will not believe the truth but will believe something else altogether.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Once you have made the world an end, and faith a means, you have almost won your man, and it makes very little difference what kind of worldly end he is pursuing.
C.S. Lewis|Some ages are lukewarm and complacent, and then it is our business to soothe them yet faster asleep. Other ages, of which the present is one, are unbalanced and prone to faction, and it is our business to inflame them.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Never forget that when we are dealing with any pleasure in its healthy and normal and satisfying form, we are, in a sense, on the Enemy's ground...All the same, it is His invention, not ours...All we can do is to encourage the humans to take the pleasures which our Enemy has produced, at times, or in ways, or in degrees, which He has forbidden...An ever increasing craving for an ever diminishing pleasure is the formula.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|As long as he does not convert it into action, it does not matter how much he thinks about this new repentance.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|The Enemy wants him, in the end, to be so free from any bias in his own favour that he can rejoice in his own talents as frankly and gratefully as in his neighbour's talents--or in a sunrise, an elephant, or a waterfall.
Gabriel Brunsdon|The science of the spirit and its relationship to the body in which it indwells is a complex conundrum. Life is not what it appears to be. Life is wholesome, and this unison of synergistic amalgamations persuade the common view that one thing is the other. But one thing is many things - at the one time - and this simple truth goes to the essence of all life with its manifold complexities.
Dada Bhagwan|He who does propaganda for something will become famous about it, and if he remains incognito about it, he will become renowned. The value is for the renowned state and not for that of a famous state.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Dare to be vulnerable, walk outside without your armor on and say YES to your heart.
Dada Bhagwan|This world is not at fault, the world is beautiful. If your understanding is wrong, what can the world do?
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Pity moment, blah! Let’s turn it around! We do not even need to go into the story of it. We acknowledge this moment and release it. We love and accept and forgive ourselves. And we acknowledge that this is a tiny stitch, a brief pinprick in the needlepoints we are creating of our lives. And we also acknowledge that this lifetime of ours is but a tiny little stitch in the ever-expanding, infinite needlepoint of the Universe. Self-pity is not a reason good enough for us to be out of alignment with peace.
Dada Bhagwan|If there is wrong [ill] on the inside, the outside will appear wrong. Therefore, you should inquire within ‘why am I bothered, when others are not? So there must be wrong within me only.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as this belief, ‘I am the doer’ is not gone, one has not yet attained an iota of exact religion. He is still in the auspicious-inauspicious [shubh-ashubh] state.
Dada Bhagwan|If one takes responsibility for the mistakes, he is the true person, isn’t it? Do not insist. Instead of insisting, instead of blaming others, take the responsibility of the mistakes on your head!
Dada Bhagwan|Religion [dharma] originates where there is doer-ship [to do], Moksha [ultimate liberation] originates where there is understanding (to understand).
Adele Kenny, A Lightness, a Thirst, or Nothing at All: Poems|What never happened will never change."(from "Oh, Leonardo")
Dada Bhagwan|The one who straightens out himself will attain moksha [will be liberated]. If you don’t straighten out, people will beat you into doing so. The doorway to moksha [ultimate liberation] is narrow, so how will you be able to enter if you are obstinate?
Mumford and Sons, Sigh No More|Love it will not betray you, dismay or enslave you. It will set your free.
Dada Bhagwan|To know worldly relations as being ‘relation’ (temporary) will resolve everything. However, if they are believed to be true (real) relations, there will be insistence. In relative relations, one is not to prove ‘I am correct’. One has to bring about a closure by saying, ‘you are correct’.
Criss Jami|Everybody knows basically what is right and what is wrong. Everybody knows better than to hate others. In fact, most people teach against it, and yet we still see it on the daily. But why do you think that is? It is because the problem was never really humans not loving humans enough; the problem was humans not loving righteousness enough. We must empty our own love for the world so that it can be replaced by the love of Christ; only then will we begin to love people as Christ loves people, as He always intended.
Muriel Maufroy, Rumi's Daughter|Doost", Ahmed voiced. "Doost",he repeated softly,shutting his eyes.The word felt like a caress."what does it mean?"'It means "The Friend","The One I Love","the One I Long For".
Dada Bhagwan|There is no Gnan (True Knowledge) where there is ‘egoism’ and where there is Gnan, there is no ‘egoism’.
Dada Bhagwan|When the whirlpool of thoughts is going on; that is known as the mind. At that time, the mind is functioning independently. That and the vrutis (tendencies of the chit) have no relationship. The tendencies arise later on, and then they go back and forth.
Dada Bhagwan|How can the thoughts be stopped? Tell the thoughts, ‘You take care of your own issues; I am not on your side.’ That way you will sit on God’s side.
Dada Bhagwan|The mind that does inner intentions (bhaav-mann) is the ‘charge’ mind. The mind that is getting exhausted (dravya-mann) is the ‘discharge’ mind. Bhaav-mann creates the worldly life. Dravya-mann brings an end to the worldly life. When egoism goes away, bhaav-mann vanishes.
Dada Bhagwan|What does the world teach you? It teaches you (to do) egoism. Then, from that egoism, arise many many phases!
Dada Bhagwan|As long as there is the egoism of ‘I-ness’ (hoonpanu) and the partiality towards ‘my-ness’ (marapanu), how can there be liberation till then?
Dada Bhagwan|In reality, the outer instruments (hands, feet, eyes, etc) are not the hindrance (for liberation); it is the inner instrument (mind, intellect, chit and ego) that is obstructive.
Dada Bhagwan|If you say a word against a ‘sensitive’ person, it will have an immediate effect. In reality, words are simply a ‘record’ playing.
Sri Aurobindo, Savitri: A Legend and a Symbol|A thinking puppet is the mind of life: Its choice is the work of elemental strengths That know not their own birth and end and cause And glimpse not the immense intent they serve. In this nether life of man drab-hued and dull, Yet filled with poignant small ignoble things, The conscious Doll is pushed a hundred ways And feels the push but not the hands that drive. For none can see the masked ironic troupe To whom our figure-selves are marionettes, Our deeds unwitting movements in their grasp, Our passionate strife an entertainment’s scene.
Jean-Christophe Rufin, The Santiago Pilgrimage: Walking the Immortal Way|The spirit of the way is surely there, in the wish to wander through the world in order to escape it and to find others where there is nobody.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life can only be live with grace, gratitude and generosity.
Nikki Rowe|I didn't lose anyone, for everyone that I lost was never really a loss, unless it was death well then I had to have words with God.
Dada Bhagwan|Flaw laden intellect shows faults in others. If you deviate even slightly in the wrong direction, you will see everyone at fault.
Dada Bhagwan|Religion [dharma] is that where there is no irreligion (adharma, immorality). Religion cannot exist where there is irreligion. There can be only one or the other. Behind every intention, there is either [the force of] religion or [the force of] irreligion.
Dada Bhagwan|One becomes bad himself when he sees or calls others bad. When others appear good to him, he will become good himself.
Dada Bhagwan|If you praise the virtues of the person who is two degrees higher than you, if you worship him, if you serve him; this is known as aradhana (veneration; worship). If you say bad things about him, defame him; it is known as viradhana (despise). Viradhana (despise) results in your down fall and aradhana (worship) results in your rise upwards.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the difference between aradhana (worship) and bhajana (to be one with)? Aradhana (worship) means the attention will go over and over again there, and bhajana (oneness) means continuous engrossment. One is to do aradhana (worship) and bhajana (oneness) for only one’s own Self; everything else will carry on naturally.
Dada Bhagwan|All day long, no one is at fault for anything. Whatever faults we see; we see them because of our own defects.
Dada Bhagwan|To worship means to go higher. If you join the one who has gone higher, you will go higher and if you speak ill of that person, you will fall down.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, it is not worth finding anyone’s faults. One becomes bound (by karma) by finding faults.
Steve Turner|There's three different kinds of Christian," said Cash. "There's preaching Christians, church-playing Christians, and then there's practicing Christian. I'm trying very hard to be a practicing Christian.
Dada Bhagwan|The way in which the twists were entangled to knot up the mind-speech-body and the innate nature (relative self, prakruti), is the manner in which they will be untwisted.
Dada Bhagwan|Once an opinion is formed, there will be attachment-abhorrence. A person without opinion is also without attachment-abhorrence.
Dada Bhagwan|Prakruti [the relative self, innate nature] has opinions and may store them but we should stay in an opinion-free state. ‘We’ are separate and the relative self is separate from us. ‘We’ should play our part as a separate entity. We shouldn’t get involved with those problems.
Dada Bhagwan|When one sees his own faults, he will not have the time to see the others’ faults.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is love, there are no faults. Where the love of give-and-take (dealer) arose, all faults will be seen there.
Dada Bhagwan|As many opinions you bound about a person, if you let go of them, you will attain a natural state. For whomever and for whatever matter, you have bound opinions, those opinions will continue to sting you and when you let go of those opinions, you can become natural.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Heaven is thine and so it's mine. Elated, I cannot give to thee but receive it sublime. And if it's there to shine for all to see,.. Vast sea of love for us to seize. Ease the pain with a sweet kiss, water the Flowers...No shadows of a perfect bliss but the sunshine of ours.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is insistence, there is tenacity and where there is tenacity, there is anguish.
Dada Bhagwan|God had said to listen to what five people tell you and don’t hold on to your own opinion. The person who holds on to his opinion is isolated. If you insist upon it, it will harm you as well as others. This true-false is a relative truth; it is a mundane [worldly] truth. One should not insist upon it.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, there is nothing that is right. Anything that people raise objection to, is wrong. Do people raise objection in every matter?
Dada Bhagwan|As long as there is insistence of the truth, one cannot know the Vitarag Lord [the enlightened one].
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is insistence, there is worldly life.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is the slightest insistence, there is no religion there!
Dada Bhagwan|God has said for us to know bad, as bad and good, as good. But while knowing the bad, there should not be the slightest abhorrence towards it and while knowing the good, there should not be slightest attachment towards it. Without knowing bad, as bad, the good cannot be known as good.
Dada Bhagwan|To be free of insistence [free of forcing one's own opinion] is the path of Vitragta [attachment-free state, the enlightened one]. Quit insisting at all places. To even insist on the truth, God has considered it as ignorance. There is no insistence in ‘Us’ whatsoever!
Dada Bhagwan|In Vitrag-Vignan [science of vitraag lords, the enlightened ones] there cannot be the slightest of the [wrong] insistence; moreover, there can be no insistence on one’s own opinion.
Dada Bhagwan|There should be no tenacity of insistence or obstinate insistence of any kind. If there is any tenacity, it should be the kind that will go away if you tell it to!
Dada Bhagwan|The one, who does not have the ‘poison’ of insistence, will become free from all entanglements (karmic).
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|My life of conversation leads me to reimagine the very meaning of hope. I define hope as distinct from optimism or idealism. It has nothing to do with wishing. It references reality at every turn and reveres truth. It lives open eyed and wholeheartedly with the darkness that is woven ineluctably into the light of life and sometimes seems to overcome it. Hope, like every virtue, is a choice that becomes a habit that becomes spiritual muscle memory.
Dada Bhagwan|Every human being needs security. The one, who does not have security, will be in fear. So he will look for security outside if he does not get it at home. The Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] is the only one who does not need any security. The Gnani is considered to be free from all dependency (niralamb). Others will take support from Him, but He will not take any support. Only the Gnani Purush can remain free from dependency in this world.
Dada Bhagwan|As long one is not able to let go of the insistence on a certain opinion [faith, sect], he has not earned the right for Moksha [Ultimate Liberation]. He is not worthy of Moksha if he is in the sect. He is only worthy of material happiness; he is worthy of a celestial life.
Dada Bhagwan|If you walk around proudly when someone greets you with respect or says, ‘welcome, welcome’, you will suffer a loss, right? Here, it was the other person’s duty [social obligation] to welcome you, but you shouldn’t fall short. So you should immediately check your balance-sheet (of karma) to find out where you sustained a loss!
Dada Bhagwan|A person with a large tuber of self-pride remains engrossed in the fear of, ‘Someone is going to insult me…someone is going to insult me’ or ‘From where can I get respect? From where can I get the respect?
Dada Bhagwan|After getting respect, one will get an equal amount of insult, if not in this life then the next. If you taste even the slightest of pleasure from this body-complex [pudgal], you will have to pay back an equivalent amount. Therefore become attachment-free (vitarag).
Dada Bhagwan|The higher one sits, the greater the fear of fall.
Dada Bhagwan|How can you tell whether the ego is there or not? You will know when someone insults you. If someone insults you, swallow (accept) it with understanding.
Dada Bhagwan|If one knows how to ‘digest’ an insult after attaining Self-realization, he will become a ‘Gnani’ [the enlightened one]. And if he ‘digests’ an insult before attaining Self-realization, he will become shameless (impudent).
Dada Bhagwan|Awareness’ will not arise where there is deceit along with self-pride (maan). If there is deceit with self-pride, then one can never see the self-pride.
Dada Bhagwan|Your pride will be uprooted when a person who insults you appears to be your benefactor. The person who insults should be considered a benefactor, instead people get depressed when they are insulted.
Dada Bhagwan|In the worldly life, self-serving pride (swa-maan) is considered a good quality and arrogant pride (abhimaan) as a bad quality.
Dada Bhagwan|In the ignorant state, there is a ‘limit’ for good qualities, it is known as the self-pride. Self-serving pride (swa-maan) is the limit of virtues in the realm of ignorance.
Dada Bhagwan|In regards to maan (to seek importance from others), a man will become impudent if he keeps getting insulted up to a point. If he gets maan (importance from others) to a certain level, he grows stronger. And if he gets too much maan [praise], then his desire for it will come to end.
Dada Bhagwan|If one man gets excessive maan (importance from others) higher than a certain point, he will get tired of it, and if he gets excessive insults higher than a certain point, he gets agitated.
Dada Bhagwan|One will become shameless if he does not fear insults in the worldly life. And in nischay [determination in the spiritual life] if one does not fear being insulted, he becomes independent.
Dada Bhagwan|One cannot have the same love for getting insulted (apmaan) as he does for getting importance (maan), can he? He cannot love loss as much as he loves profit, can he?
Dada Bhagwan|Even if you insult him, he gives you his blessings; such a one only is the Gnani Purush [The enlightened one]!
Dada Bhagwan|There is no problem to relish pride when people praises you but at the same time, one must also be of the opinion that ‘this should not be so’.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as man has pride, he will appear unattractive and no one will be attracted to him. He may have a handsome face, his pride makes him unattractive.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Even the most aware of us do not realize the infinite power we possess or the magnitude of the ability we have to create, transmute, and transcend.
Jetsunma Tenzin Palmo|When we are angry, when we are excited, when we are depressed, when we are elated, we are completely submerged in and identified with those thoughts and feelings. This is why we suffer. We suffer because we are completely identified with our thoughts and feelings and we think this is me. This is who I am.
Jetsunma Tenzin Palmo|Ultimately, there is light and love and intelligence in this universe. And we are it, we carry that within us, its not just something out there, it is within us and this is what we are trying to re-connect with, our original light and love and intelligence.
Alaric Hutchinson|I am not a victim of circumstance, situation, nor any external condition of life. I am an active participant in the creation of my reality, meaning, I am actively participating in the creation of what I think, what I feel, what I spend my time on, who I spend my time with, what I consume mentally and physically, and all the blessings and contrastive experiences that come my way. Every effect has a cause and every cause has an effect, all of which include me because it is my life to live, my life to use, and my life to enjoy.
Anselm of Canterbury|For I do not seek to understand so that I may believe; but I believe so that I may understand. For I believe this also, that unless I believe, I shall not understand.
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|With all control look for the hole, your mind gets weak, unless it’s truth you seek. Swirled and twirled into another world, into the smog, a doorway within the fog.” Deetkatu, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|If you say something over and over and over again you may just start to believe it. If you truly do believe it, you can be sure you will receive it."Selkie Anne, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|I guess we all know that more souls will advance.” When you learn that life can make you wise, it’s no surprise that the light within you will grow and will shine for those you come to know.”Benoway, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|OHHHH don’t make me cry, I’m a big strong guy, I can make you laugh and I’d never tell a lie, See my muscles on my legs when I swim, I can do back spins with the force of my fins. SOOOOO don’t make me cry, I’m a big strong guy, I can make you laugh and I’d never tell lie. The muscles in my heart are tougher than my shell, To “love” makes me stronger than to lift a barbell.”Willard the Sea Turtle, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|Do you not believe, Governess, where this power comes from, you seek? It is not from the “things” you keep. I trust the Creator to take care of me. Come what may, I will stay out of your way.”Trinity, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|Pretty things can be denied when it is beauty that comes from a place inside. Your outer appearance may have its place but to walk in beauty is to walk in grace. So lift your confidence to gain inner merit, then walk in beauty and connect to your spirit. Embellish yourself with art for fun, it enhances, inspires and in beauty, YOU RUN!"Maiara, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|Might I take this moment to give thanks to our loving Creator for supplying us with all our needs for this day and always!” Grampa Foster, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Being in our secret place brings much peace and the more we go there, the more it will increase. Now we let it all go by, have faith in what we see and it IS what will be.”Gramma Tenanye, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|With natural law there is no flaw, we must act in truth and be smart.”Grampa Foster, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|You mean to tell me that you have made a human friend? It could be dangerous and I must urge it to end! Deetkatu, where is your sense?” Grampa's tone was abruptly tense.Grampa Foster, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Protect me from the fairies wild, Or exchange thee for a stolen child. A debt be paid more than a few, Tempting hunger with fairy stew. A mother’s distraction used as bait, To steal unchristen babes in wait. Malevolent fairies will deceive, Of lower nature and unbelief. An act to reflect the human soul, Will light the darkness of shadow. By living life of higher mind, A changeling thee will never find. In thy cradle a bundle of love, Your child protected by God above." Changelings, Meet the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Sometimes humans just don't listen, they ‘take’ to fill a space that’s missin’!" Deetkatu, Meet the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Our traditions teach us the past is not forgot, yet the past repeats the future believe it or not. If we dwell on the negative, we continue to make, an unhealthy life we must never forsake. Our fairy ring teaches us cause and effect, what we give to the world, returns to us direct!”Chepi, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Alaric Hutchinson|We do not want to deny existence. Yet we also do not want to limit existence. Thus, we observe and honor without forming opinion, labeling, or adding a story to the object of our observation.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Bad in good and good in bad, see the life you could have had? Your life is the keyhole, and you are the key, don’t look back, NOW choose to be happy!”Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Now Arthur, if humans could learn to gaze with their eyes or use their special sight, they would realize there is more to seeing than just what is in front of them!” Den the Wise Oak Tree, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|A boy was regarded King to be, in a land only a child could see. We admit it could be a difficult task, just in case you are inclined to ask, for those who would even vaguely begin, to remember the child that comes from within, of a modern world still hardened by past and rules that can make you grow up fast. Yet into the imagination, we hope you escape, from beliefs that your life may potentially shape; try to let go of what you normally resist, while exploring the way nature and a boy co-exist.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|My head says forget it, my heart says I’ll regret it, and what my stomach tells me, I should not ignore. Oh no, I gotta go, give me a leave, not your sleeve! I know this will cease, when I feel peace. So I will help a boy, come to Joy, a risk I shall take, it’s no mistake, my stomach tells me so.” Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|When you are open and aware, it allows for all magical possibilities! We, here in the forest, can see all that goes on in our environment on the surface; but we have true awareness that sees beyond the shallow! This belief comes from the depths of wisdom that there is more than meets the eyes!”Den the Wise Oak Tree, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Pain is inevitable, yet suffering is optional. It is our heart connections that make all the difference. When we experience mental, physical, emotional, or spiritual pain – love is the one medicine that transcends any synthetic or organic drug we use to suppress pain.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Good… Bad? I’m not here to judge where you’re at or where you’ve been. I’m simply here to encourage you in where you would like to go. You have the map; I’ll shine the light on it so you can better read it. And eventually, the sun will rise again in your life and you’ll no longer need my light to assist you.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|The Law of Attraction takes into account all of your doubts. So, if you say you practice the Law of Attraction yet always carry an extra parachute with a Plan B, C, & D for those ‘just in case’ scenarios… you may be tricking yourself into believing that you believe when, in actuality, you are quite insecure. If you always have a backup plan ready – though it may come off as ‘prepared’ and ‘smart’ – it also implies that you do not fully trust that Spirit will always provide.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|It’s important to have a vision of the long run and make wise decisions for our highest good in the present moment; however, we don’t want to become attached to how everything must look. When we show up in good faith, life provides. And when we trust, we are always in the flow of manifestation.
Criss Jami|The sacrifices we make to stay healthy, to look good, the tasty foods we skip, the guilt trips, the exercising - all these things require great discipline, care, and even a paradoxical, self-denying self-love of sorts in order to be properly executed. However it is regretful that so many of us today are not as passionate about our spiritual holiness as we are about our physical health. They are indeed both important - we should worship in every aspect of our lives - and one even, in a sense, entails the other. Although, this disproportion in said priorities is still very much expected: we humans have always taken a liking to trendiness and the temporal side of things, doing what is judged vainly in the eyes of man before that which is judged vitally and eternally in the eyes of God (i.e. "cleaning the outside of one's cup while leaving a filthy inside"). But in a way, it all goes to show that the man who fully hates discipline hates himself fully; for within the spirit is where The Holy One judges true wellness or malady.
Criss Jami|There are those who feel that the world is ultimately moving closer to Truth and to prosperity as the times evolve; then there are those who feel that it is ultimately moving farther away from Truth and into self-destruction. From this, and if it were really that simplistic, one might get the impression that life gravitates slightly into two types of people whom which are diametrically opposed in spirit.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Yes, contrast teaches us a great many things and there is purpose for it. Yet it is time to transcend your everyday dramas that are but drops in an ocean. Cease focusing on your droplets of water and look around you. Everything you say and touch and do sets into motion ripples that either heal and create or curse and destroy. Let me repeat: Everything.
Chris DiSano Davenport|Everything has a purpose on our earth which reflects within us our own self-worth.Chepi, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|You might just be compelled to hear, that there is folklore about a boy so dear, a legend the fairies readily discern, of a good King’s rule upon his return. A boy, a boy is in front of me, I know not who this human could be. I will just become a part of this tree! Unless he cries a desperate plea, I shall then be allowed to reach out to thee.”Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Growing inside comes from trusting what you believe in and keeping a smile, even when confronted with misery and trial.”Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|When I am happy and when I really focus, I can! Whatever I dream of with my thoughts becomes a part of my world, my plan.”Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Be aware! Bad things can happen and the bigger they are, the greater the test. You can learn from them or pity yourself and focus on the negative, which will never get you out of the lesson, remember you hold the key!”Den the Wise Oak Tree, Meet the little people…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Whatever ‘I AM,’ you are! You are, I AM, not me you see, but you are ‘I AM’ is what will be!”Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|There is no telling what he will do! A bind, I know he will have to unglue. This day will surely reveal a clue. Beware of the Deetkatu!” Trinity, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|True happiness is a state of mind and must come to you through the recognition of your own power and the finding of your own place in the world.” Venice Bloodworth, Key to Yourself
Alaric Hutchinson|Are you able to remain humble and kind when things do not go the way you want or expect? Be kind when you are in pain; be kind even when your life seems to be falling apart around you. Be humble not only when you succeed but also when you fail. Kindness in word and action, and humble in thought and belief. It is important to not only say and do the ‘right’ thing, it is important to also think and believe it - which is being genuine in nature of peace embodiment.
Paracelsus|There is an earthly sun, which is the cause of all heat, and all who are able to see may see the sun; and those who are blind and cannot see him may feel his heat. There is an Eternal Sun, which is the source of all wisdom, and those whose spiritual senses have awakened to life will see that sun and be conscious of His existence; but those who have not attained spiritual consciousness may yet feel His power by an inner faculty which is called Intuition.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When faced with contrast, take nothing personally and don’t try to defend yourself. Defending one’s self is a vibrational relative of guilt. People will think what they like; do not feed fuel to the fire by reacting. Simply ask questions for clarity and in response say ‘Is that so?’ Take responsibility for the energy you brought to the situation, acknowledge the illusions without attachment, and move forward. Other people’s opinions are none of your business. Remember that each person is on their own unique path, and the mirror of contrast you hold up to them may be exactly what is necessary for their conscious growth at that time.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Fear and paranoia create many of our worldly struggles. We get something in our minds and our distorted perception sculpts the reality of what we see. Even though what we see isn’t really there, we tend to act as if it is. We then begin to put people and things into boxes, labeling them, and limiting them due to our fears.
Trilby D. Johnson|When I Am Within, I Am Never Without.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God can bless you, wherever you are.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism [Ahamkar: Aham=I; kar=did] means ‘I did’. Where one is not the doer and he says, ‘I did’; that is egoism. To do egoism and to walk around with an inflated chest is pride (maan) and then to go on telling others ‘I did it myself’, is known as pride with my-ness (abhiman).
R. W. Patterson|Laney, why do I believe you transcend the ordinary? Why do I look at you, and expect to see a façade fall away, revealing something much more than even the extraordinary? Tell me."Elaine flushed, her knees wobbling. “I…don’t…know. But thank you—for the kind words. I’m flattered.” She closed her eyes wanting to hide. He was too close…too beautiful…too fervid.And she was too vulnerable, too exposed.“Look at me.”She hesitantly met his unwavering gaze.“No more hiding in your shadows,” he whispered, “because I will find you. And I will drag you kicking and screaming back into the light, where you belong. Do you understand?”“Yes."“Good.” He took her hand and guided her forward.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|It’s very possible to live life without disliking anyone. It’s all vibration. We can get to the point where ‘dislike’ does not even register as an option in the default settings of our minds.Some may wonder, ‘What does it matter if I like or dislike people?’In my perception, it matters greatly since dislike influences our entire energetic body. It becomes part of our vibrational aura, what we’re emitting and receiving in return from the world. How we respond to the world is how the world will treat us.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Close your eyes and trust; go in the direction of what makes you feel authentically lighter and brighter. There is no good or bad. Retribution feels vibrationally better than desperation. It’s better than sitting still because your energy has movement. Frustration is better than retribution, because now you’re not projecting negative energy outward, you’re processing it within. Apathy is better than frustration; at least you’ve reached some form of detachment. Optimism is better than apathy. Optimism becomes happiness. Co-creative inspiration follows… and then comes joy.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Energy does not judge, it merely creates.
Iman Ghavamabadi|Seeing is an art; To become an artist, you need to feel.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Faith is like the sun. Some people are closer to the source of that love and light, and can bask in the warmth, while others are further away. Some look toward the light, while others face the opposite direction.
Dada Bhagwan|Those vibrations that we created have indeed fall upon us. Only those acts that were done in the ignorant (Self unawareness) state, that has given us reactions.
Dada Bhagwan|If a person does five samayiks (introspective meditation) he will say, ‘I did five’- and this is how he will taste the sweetness of the subtle-pride of doership. Actually what he should say is, ‘it was due to God’s grace that I was able to do five samayik’. He should not taste the sweetness of subtle pride of doership.
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life has persisted due to imitation of worldly movements and by opposing them, one becomes free.
Dada Bhagwan|Until Self-realization is attained; it is not worth having a fixed-view at any place, it is not worth having habitual-devotion at any place and it is not worth stopping anywhere.
Dada Bhagwan|Whatever activity one sees in this world, it is discharge of previously charged karma. Man has nothing to do with it. He only does egoism here of, ‘I did samayik (introspective meditation).’ He creates a karmic account! He becomes entrapped! He takes enjoyment from tasting sweetness of subtle pride of doer-ship.
Dada Bhagwan|He who controls the minds of others is a ‘Gnani’ (the enlightened one). Only when your mind is completely under your control, can other’s mind come under your control. How can the other persons mind come under your control when one has disturbances himself.
Dada Bhagwan|As many numbers of people as are there, there are that many varieties of egoisms.
Dada Bhagwan|No one is a doer in this world. To claim, ‘I am doing’ is egoism. Illusion continues to prevail under the umbrella of egoism.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A journey deep into the Kingdom of Nature is always a mysterious journey, a Sufistic voyage, a spiritual trip!
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|I felt the smile grow from within, starting in my chest and making its way up to my face. If what the guru had said about auras and energy was accurate, I must have been glowing.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|I’d always felt like it was only weak people who turned to God, but at that moment I realized maybe I was wrong: perhaps it was the other way around. Only those who were strong enough to admit their own, human limitations would know when to seek help and guidance.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|The moment we accept our pain is the moment we release our suffering. Suffering is created when we offer life resistance, and what we resist most are the experiences that bring us pain.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Isn’t it funny how we make rational excuses for being out of alignment?	We say, “Well, this ____ and that ____ happened, so it makes perfect sense for me to be feeling like this ____ and wanting to do this ____.”	Yet, to this day, I have never met a happy person who adheres to those excuses. In fact, each time I – or anyone else – decide to give in to “rational excuses” that justify feeling bad – it’s interesting that only further suffering is the result.	There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Sure, we can go there and make choices that dim our lights… and that is fine; there certainly is purpose for it and the contrast gives us lessons to learn… yet if we’re aware of what we are doing and we’re ready to let go of the suffering – then why go there at all? It’s like beating a dead horse. Been there, done that… so why do we keep repeating it?	Pain is going to happen; it’s inevitable in this human experience, yet it is often so brief. When we make those excuses, what happens is: we pick up that pain and begin to carry it with us into the next day… and the next day… into next week… maybe next month… and some of us even carry it for years or to our graves!	Forgive, let it go! It is NOT worth it! It is NEVER worth it. There is never a good enough reason for us to pick up that pain and carry it with us. There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Unforgiveness hurts you; it hurts others, so why even go there? Why even promote pain? Why say painful things to yourself or others? Why think pain? Just let it go!	Whenever I look back on painful things or feel pain today, I know it is my EGO that drives me to “go there.” The EGO likes to have the last word, it likes to feel superior, it likes to make others feel less than in hopes that it will make itself (me) feel better about my insecurities. Maybe if I hurt them enough, they will feel the pain I felt over what they did to me. It’s only fair! It’s never my fault; it’s always someone else’s. There is a twisted sense of pleasure I get from feeling this way, and my EGO eats it right up. YET! With awareness that continues to grow and expand each day, I choose to not feed my pain (EGO) or even go there. I still feel it at times, of course, so I simply acknowledge it and then release it.	I HAVE power and choice over my speech and actions. I do not need to ever “go there” again. It’s my choice; it’s your choice. So it’s about damn time we start realizing this. We are not victims of our impulses or emotions; we have the power to control them, and so it’s time to stop acting like we don’t. It’s time to relinquish the excuses.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Every day I wake up and ask myself, ‘How can I accept myself and others more fully?
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When I was a kid my mom would send me off to school each day with the words, ‘Remember: be happy! The most important thing today is that you are happy!
Saim Cheeda|Where there is darkness, there once was light.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Every day, I take steps to resolve all my karmic ties, live with intention, smile and laugh often, express my love, and act on what brings me fulfillment. Why wait until we have one foot in the grave to suddenly become spiritual, forgiving, and at peace with the world?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Dancing ignite a blissful body, soul and spirit.
Brownell Landrum|Sharing feelings, conveying appreciation and whispering desires are all crucial components of a satisfying encounter with your beloved.
Hermann Hesse|Liberation from ego is what we shramanas are seeking, O Exalted One. If I were your disciple, O Venerable One, I'm afraid it might befall me that my ego would be pacified and liberated only seemingly, only illusorily, that in reality it would survive and grow great, for then I would make the teaching, my discipleship, my love for you, and the community of the monks into my ego!
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Like a sponge, we absorb, not liquid, but energy. Each morning we wake up as a fresh, dry sponge, ready to take in the world around us. Throughout the day, we interact with people, various energies, and a range of vibration. Each time, we absorb energy – either a small amount or a great deal – depending on whether the contact is direct or residual. And when we are filled to the point that we can absorb no more, we sometimes feel like we might explode. We know this bursting point – it reveals itself in our over-stimulated, over-stressed, near-crazy minds. Sleep often releases the energetic buildup, yet meditation works just as well. Meditation throughout the day “wrings out” our soggy, spongy selves. Deliberate mindfulness in the present moment can keep us from absorbing things we don’t resonate with, so that we no longer reach the point of mental breakdowns or emotional overloads.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|On the road to success, there is always room to share appreciation and gratitude for other people’s successes. Feeling gratitude for other people raises our own vibration, while adding cement to the bricks we lay. Finding the best qualities in others allows us to build those qualities within ourselves. And when we focus on our personal growth with open hearts and minds, the speed with which we construct dramatically increases, because all the while, we are attracting more like energy and like-minded people into our lives to assist us.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without grace, we can do no good deed.
Santosh Joshi, KEYS|The endless list of do’s and don’ts handed down while growing up, gradually and unconsciously distance us from the inner child.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Once chosen, forever chosen.
Alison Singh Gee|[Indians] don't think about ghosts as those stereotypical spook in white sheets that scare the knickers off everybody. We believe that we coexist with many, many spirits. They're all around us - because the soul never dies. The body withers away, but the essence of the person remains, watching over us.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Human strength fails, but the divinity within strength en the soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The realms of love and light, anything is possible
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every sacred soul must walk and keep the way of God in the wilderness for years, to begin the sacred writings.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Your call to power is to slow down and reflect within. Gather the peace within yourself before you go out and act among the world. The feel good feeling that lasts is only achieved when you yourself know peace. Nothing is more powerful. This is why you have the highs and lows, the mood swings, the transcendent ecstasy followed by the crash. It is because you have yet to develop a foundation of peace for yourself that acts as an unmovable anchor in your life. Establish this peace in your life and you will experience a whole new reality of the world that flows with you in every way possible, rather than against you.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Being under stress is like being stranded in a body of water. If you panic, it will cause you to flail around so that the water rushes into your lungs and creates further distress. Yet, by calmly collecting yourself and using controlled breathing you remain afloat with ease.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Everything that brings us well being is achieved through allowing ourselves to flow with life and be in harmony. Pain happens, it is our attachment to the pain and our resistance to change that causes suffering.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|The present moment is all that ever is, and in each new moment we die and are reborn. For example, people block love and close off their hearts out of fear of being hurt again. If they lived in the present moment, there would be no fear and they would walk forward in life with confidence and certainty that there is the joy of new experiences to be had.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Enlightenment isn’t about reaching a destination of “knowing”, it is about developing consistent vibrational harmony within one’s self and with the surrounding world.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Your anger – about matters that you think are personal and yours alone – is, in fact, the fuel for the machines of war. Your kindness towards strangers on the street is, in fact, the grace and serenity that brings millions of people together to work towards the common good of all.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|The actual, expanded consciousness, reality of our planet is that all of life is LOVE; our very existence is LOVE. Everything that exists is just varying degrees of this LOVE; polar absolutes do not exist. Good versus evil is pure illusion. Even the most seemingly “negative” person with ill intent is still in the spectrum of love.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Our goal in life is to carry with us the wisdom of experience, yet treat each new day as its own unique reality, rather than comparing what currently is to what has been in the past. When we compare, we plant expectations that then become self-fulfilling prophesies through the Law of Attraction.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Through transcendence of duality, we foster greater unity in our lives, which brings about inner peace and the sprouting of unconditional LOVE.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Master Teachers who genuinely embody an enlightened state of being never stop “doing the work”. The ego is what assumes it knows enough, causing cessation of these daily practices, and therefore, Masters without attachment to ego are forever students of the Universe. The Masters attain an illuminated state of “Being” as the outcome, yet it is the consistent “doing” that promotes and maintains their enlightenment.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you find your sacred soul mate, bind the love bond.
Earthschool Harmony, Back To Grace|Your spiritual heart imbibes in the primordial light and, as you dance towards infinity, you begin to see all things are held together by the power of love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Pure heart begets pure body, soul and spirit.
Dada Bhagwan|The rule is that when one’s mind is controlled in a specific subject, he can control the other person’s mind in that subject.
Dada Bhagwan|Where our own mind doesn’t listen to us, how can other’s minds follow what we say? One should not have such expectation at all.
Dada Bhagwan|Nothing can get spoilt as long the mind is steady, and when it becomes restless, it will spoil. God doesn’t give or take from anyone, but because God is in the permanent blissful state, all external actions will go well when one’s mind is steadied in Him.
Dada Bhagwan|When there is no venom (poison) of any kind in your eyes, when a liberated smile is seen, then people will do your darshan (will come to see you with intent of worship).
Dada Bhagwan|When you become worthy of people’s worship, you will be able to attain moksha (liberation), you cannot go to moksha just like that. Reproach (criticism) by people is the cause of a life in the lower realms.
Dada Bhagwan|He whose speech, behavior and humility captivates people’s minds, becomes worthy of worship by people.
Dada Bhagwan|What is called true happiness? It is 'chit prasannta' (blissful state of chit). The person who has attained 'chit prasannta', he need not beg for anything in this world!
Dada Bhagwan|God has called 'chit prasannta' (blissful state of chit) as happiness. Even when someone swears at you, picks your pocket; the 'chit prasannta' doesn’t go away! Even at two o’clock in the morning, the 'chit prasannta' does not go away.
Dada Bhagwan|A place where the mind can attain stillness meaning doing darshan (seeing with the intent of worship) of a great person who has stillness of the mind, can still the mind of other person, however the chit is not steady there.
Dada Bhagwan|When the mind is steady, it will not create any vibrations, and therefore one will get the result. Along with that, if there is purity of chit, then one will surely be able to get his work done.
Dada Bhagwan|Mind is indeed that which takes one to Moksha, and it is also the mind that makes one wander around in the worldly life. One needs to just turn it in the right direction. It had been turned in the wrong direction, and so it needs to be turned in the right direction.
Dada Bhagwan|Thought is actually something that is dead, it is not a living thing. If ‘oneself’ gets engrossed in what is dead, then it will become alive.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When people of different religions or countries harm people as a means to create peace, it’s out of the compulsion to make all colors the same. This is also why people think that war is a logical avenue towards creating peace. People who do not have or know inner peace perpetuate these shards of illusions. Thus, they are projecting their fragmented concepts of peace out onto the world.
Dada Bhagwan|After establishing anything as the absolute truth, its’ conclusion is reached. It doesn’t have to be established as the truth again. What is proven as the eternal established truth for past, present and future is known as the Principle [Siddhant].
Dada Bhagwan|Regardless of how much wealth [material pleasures] one has, if he does not like bondage even for a moment, then he has become qualified to understand the science of the Vitarags [the enlightened one’s].
Dada Bhagwan|When the mind gets a solution [settlement], it is considered religion. It is considered irreligion when the mind does not get a solution.
Dada Bhagwan|I know’, is a big ghost. ‘This is mine’, is a huge demonic possession!
Dada Bhagwan|Principle’ [Established Truth] means everywhere applicable; when there is nothing else, it is called Principle.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There exist a divine soul, spirit and strength.
Dada Bhagwan|When there is no argument [dispute] over a talk, it is called ‘Principle’.
Dada Bhagwan|The inner intent one has of ‘may everyone attain salvation’, will bring salvation to himself first.
Dada Bhagwan|The mud of this body-complex (pudgal - that which charges and disharges) is such that the harder one tries to get out, the deeper and deeper he sinks into it.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Detachment is being apathetic or aloof to other people, while un-attachment is acknowledging and honoring other people, while choosing not to let them influence your emotional well being. Detached would mean I do not care, while un-attached means I care, although I am not going to alter my emotional state due to your emotions, words, or actions.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Never close the door of your heart to anyone. They may not be in vibrational alignment today, so you must place physical distance between you and them for your own well-being, but later in life, they may awaken and seek forgiveness, understanding, and peace. If you close the door to your heart, when they come seeking later on, they will find their way blocked and may walk away without knocking, since it took all the courage they had to just approach. Yet, if you leave the door open to your warm heart and they see that you are full of welcoming energy, co-creation will always be the reward, allowing you to make together a more beautiful world for all.
Kamand Kojouri|Last night, I spoke to God.I told Him my plans. He started to cry.I thought I was great to move The Greatest to tears.He said that He was crying only becausemy plans were very differentthan His plans for me.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Our reality is colored by our vibration and belief systems. In other words, the experiences we have in the world with other people are dictated by the energy we bring with us wherever we go.
Dada Bhagwan|To see happiness of others, that is what is our religion.
Lailah Gifty Akita|All the material wealth cannot be substituted for the spiritual, physical, emotion and mental well-being.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Un-attachment (as opposed to detachment) is the acceptance that each and every person is responsible for his or her own reality, and that our joy, peace, security, and sense of love is not dependent on any other person or situation. We are each responsible for our own emotional well being.
Dada Bhagwan|It is called understanding when one accepts other’s talks of wisdom; but, where is the wisdom filled talk in this era?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you can believe, you will see many miracles.
Dada Bhagwan|When others try to provoke (instigate) you and you don’t get provoked, it is known as a spiritual victory.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Until you begin to write, then you see wonders.
Dada Bhagwan|No matter what kind of circumstances come together, if one’s stillness is not shaken and his goal does not change; he is known to have attained religion.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Like measuring light as a particle or wave makes it what the observer expects, so too does assuming things about reality make it so. I fear the conclusion people gear up for is the wholesale demise of many millions unless this spiritual ennui ceases. How many catastrophes have people expected in the last few decades? How many times have humans expected the End Times?
Dada Bhagwan|This’ is not called a religion, ‘This’ is called a science (vignan). Religion keeps changing, science does not change.
Dada Bhagwan|What does religion say? It says that if you care for others then you will meet others who will care for you and if you hit others, you will meet others who will hit you. This is what all relative religions say.
Dada Bhagwan|Only one kind of religion cannot give peace to everyone. Whatever ‘degree’ one is sitting at, that ‘degree’ of religion he requires.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Living in the present moment is the recurring baptism of the soul, forever purifying every new day with a new you.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|People who suffer the most often inflict the most pain onto others. Compassion can be found through understanding this. When someone is internally suffering, sometimes the only reality they know is that of pain and thus their only knowledge is how to be a victim or an abuser. That’s all they are able to communicate. Holding onto the thorn of resentment does not help them or you, but fostering compassion and forgiveness will.
Munia Khan|If an infant had the capacity to think hard about this world, it would have wanted to go back to its mother's womb again
Tehya Sky|Through me, I see you. Through you, I see me.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|People can only perceive you through their own vibration, not through your vibration. Your vibration certainly influences theirs, though they are the primary creators of their reality and they perceive an aspect of you into existence that is unique to their reality. Any energy spent worrying about what other people think about you is wasted energy due to all the simultaneous, co-existing realities which you have no control over. What you do have control over are your thoughts and your own vibration. And through this control, you can train your mind to create the most uplifting reality possible. When you do so, the people not in vibrational alignment with your reality will either unconsciously raise their vibration to meet you or simply fall away because they no longer match the vibration necessary to exist in your deliberately created reality.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Everyone is doing the best they can with what they know, and we are all here to learn and grow.
Jonathan Odell, The Healing|Creation is filled with soul-sick folks, colored and white, never knowing where they belong. They tangle everybody else up in their grief.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|The energy of our thoughts, words, actions, and emotions collectively create the frequency of our vibrational aura.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|How ironic it is then, to realize how many of we humans are masochists! That even when we are placed in paradise, the majority of us would, by choice, focus on everything outside the present moment and make ourselves suffer by thinking about Dis-Ease! Too many of us would dwell on a past that no longer exists while everything in the present moment is wonderful. What great paradoxes we as humans are capable of!
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Mastering our thoughts can only be achieved after we truly understand what reality is. Thus, it is time to shatter your pre-conceived concept of reality. First, the majority of what you perceive as reality exists only in your mind, and, chances are, you spend most hours of your life in this illusion.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Illusions can and do create PHYSICAL Dis-Ease within our bodies. So it’s most important to master our thoughts, to become cognizant of what we are spending our precious mental energy on each moment of every day.
Dada Bhagwan|As much purity one has within, his external circumstances will be that much more favorable. As much impurity there is within, there will be a corresponding amount of unfavorable external circumstances.
Dada Bhagwan|When attachment increases too much, dislike will arise.
Dada Bhagwan|It is the nature of the circumstances to disperse. If there is attachment with the circumstance, there will be abhorrence when they get dispersed.
Kierra C.T. Banks|You are powerful beyond measure! Sometimes we are too afraid of what we might become so we hold on to the story we sold ourselves. You were born chosen and blessed. When you move away from stress and worry, you can begin to cultivate the greatness within. You've gotten glimpses of what you can be because of the hand of God on your life. Let's move from sickness to success. Rewrite your story and you win!!!!
Dada Bhagwan|As illusory attachment (moha) spread, one sunk deeper and deeper into the pit.
Dada Bhagwan|When many circumstances come together, one will get food to eat. When many circumstances come together, one gets to go hungry (one will not get food to eat). One goes hungry when many more circumstances come together. A greater number of circumstances are needed for an unfavorable situation, and less for favorable situation.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism has arisen due to circumstances and circumstances have survived due to egoism. The one whose egoism is gone, for him circumstances are gone. Everything has come into existence because of wrong belief.
Dada Bhagwan|God said to accept whatever circumstances that come along. Circumstance is a natural thing. In it, ‘Do this and don’t do that’- should not be there. Circumstances are a ‘scientific circumstantial evidence’ [‘Vyavasthit’]. You should ‘settle them with equanimity’.
Dada Bhagwan|Abhorrence is the cause for conflicts. God has said, ‘Do no abhorrence. If you don’t like it, ignore it’.
Dada Bhagwan|Who is free from illusory attachment (nirmohi)? The Gnani Purush (the enlightened one). He can see flesh and bones, through and through.
Dada Bhagwan|Causes for attachment are created at the very time abhorrence occurs. Familiarity (acquaintance) up to a certain point will result in attachment and if it reaches ‘ridge point’ & goes past further, it will result in abhorrence.
Mehmet Murat ildan|At the end of all spiritual paths, there lies only a cold graveyard; the path of science is the only path that may give you something better than this!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not only believe, affirm and act the sacred words of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The wilderness is a test, whether we will walk in the ways of God.
Dada Bhagwan|Those who have anger, they try to take control others with the heat of anger and those who do not have anger are able to take control of others with their strength of character known as sheel. Even it can take control of animals (with it’s strength)!!!
Dada Bhagwan|Complete departure of kashay (anger-pride-deceit-greed) is Moksha (Liberation). At first, there is the departure of kashays and then there will be ‘that’ [Liberation].
Dada Bhagwan|One does not see ‘what is there’ and sees ‘what is not there’, that is called moha (illusory vision).
Dada Bhagwan|Moha (illusory vision) means new things keep arising, and one indeed sees new things; and he remains engrossed in them.
Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes|You might be poor, your shoes might be broken, but your mind is a palace.
Edgar Allan Poe, Complete Tales and Poems|Men have called me mad; but the question is not yet settled, whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence– whether much that is glorious– whether all that is profound– does not spring from disease of thought– from moods of mind exalted at the expense of the general intellect.
C.G. Jung|The pendulum of the mind oscillates between sense and nonsense, not between right and wrong.
Woodrow Wilson|I not only use all the brains that I have, but all I can borrow.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I make mistakes like the next man. In fact, being--forgive me--rather cleverer than most men, my mistakes tend to be correspondingly huger.
Stefan Zweig, The Burning Secret and other stories|Nothing whets the intelligence more than a passionate suspicion, nothing develops all the faculties of an immature mind more than a trail running away into the dark.
Jim Morrison|I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments.
Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy|A stupid man's report of what a clever man says can never be accurate, because he unconsciously translates what he hears into something he can understand.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Mary wished to say something very sensible, but knew not how.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|I used to think that finding the right one was about the man having a list of certain qualities. If he has them, we'd be compatible and happy. Sort of a checkmark system that was a complete failure. But I found out that a healthy relationship isn't so much about sense of humor or intelligence or attractive. It's about avoiding partners with harmful traits and personality types. And then it's about being with a good person. A good person on his own, and a good person with you. Where the space between you feels uncomplicated and happy. A good relationship is where things just work. They work because, whatever the list of qualities, whatever the reason, you happen to be really, really good together.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|The more stupid one is, the closer one is to reality. The more stupid one is, the clearer one is. Stupidity is brief and artless, while intelligence squirms and hides itself. Intelligence is unprincipled, but stupidity is honest and straightforward.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Man cannot survive except through his mind. He comes on earth unarmed. His brain is his only weapon. Animals obtain food by force. man had no claws, no fangs, no horns, no great strength of muscle. He must plant his food or hunt it. To plant, he needs a process of thought. To hunt, he needs weapons,and to make weapons - a process of thought. From this simplest necessity to the highest religious abstraction, from the wheel to the skyscraper, everything we are and we have comes from a single attribute of man -the function of his reasoning mind.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Crack-Up|Before I go on with this short history, let me make a general observation– the test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.One should, for example, be able to see that things are hopeless and yet be determined to make them otherwise. This philosophy fitted on to my early adult life, when I saw the improbable, the implausible, often the "impossible," come true.
Jonathan Stroud, Ptolemy's Gate|A dozen more questions occurred to me. Not to mention twenty-two possible solutions to each one, sixteen resulting hypotheses and counter-theorems, eight abstract speculations, a quadrilateral equation, two axioms, and a limerick. That's raw intelligence for you.
Aldous Huxley|Man is so intelligent that he feels impelled to invent theories to account for what happens in the world. Unfortunately, he is not quite intelligent enough, in most cases, to find correct explanations. So that when he acts on his theories, he behaves very often like a lunatic.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., Autocrat of the Breakfast Table|Every now and then a man's mind is stretched by a new idea or sensation, and never shrinks back to its former dimensions.
Isaac Asimov|Intelligence is an accident of evolution, and not necessarily an advantage.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Elinor agreed to it all, for she did not think he deserved the compliment of rational opposition.
John Green|Why is being a nerd bad? Saying I notice you’re a nerd is like saying, ‘Hey, I notice that you’d rather be intelligent than be stupid, that you’d rather be thoughtful than be vapid, that you believe that there are things that matter more than the arrest record of Linsey Lohan. Why is that?
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Crack-Up|The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending to be outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn’t understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid. He was renowned for being amazingly clever and quite clearly was so—but not all the time, which obviously worried him, hence, the act. He preferred people to be puzzled rather than contemptuous.
Kevin Smith|Controversial' as we all know, is often a euphemism for 'interesting and intelligent.
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|You put too much stock in human intelligence, it doesn't annihilate human nature.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|I have a little theory that I'd like to air here, if I may. What is it that you think makes you magicians?" More silence. Fogg was well into rhetorical-question territory now anyway. He spoke more softly. "Is it because you are intelligent? Is it because you are brave and good? Is is because you're special? Maybe. Who knows. But I'll tell you something: I think you're magicians because you're unhappy. A magician is strong because he feels pain. He feels the difference between what the world is and what he would make of it. Or what did you think that stuff in your chest was? A magician is strong because he hurts more than others. His wound is his strength. Most people carry that pain around inside them their whole lives, until they kill the pain by other means, or until it kills them. But you, my friends, you found another way: a way to use the pain. To burn it as fuel, for light and warmth. You have learned to break the world that has tried to break you.
Lemony Snicket, The Bad Beginning|Anyone who knew Violet well could tell she was thinking hard, because her long hair was tied up in a ribbon to keep it out of her eyes. Violet had a real knack for inventing and building strange devices, so her brain was often filled with images of pulleys, levers, and gears, and she never wanted to be distracted by something as trivial as her hair.
Edgar Allan Poe, Eleonora|Men have called me mad; but the question is not settled whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence -- whether much that is glorious -- whether all that is profound -- does not spring from disease of thought -- from moods of mind exalted at the expense of the general intellect. They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who only dream by night. In their gray visions they obtain glimpses of eternity, and thrill, in waking, to find that they have been upon the verge of the great secret. In snatches, they learn something of the wisdom which is of good, and more of the mere knowledge which is of evil. They penetrate, however rudderless or compassless, into the vast ocean of the ‘light ineffable’.
Edgar Allan Poe|Men have called me mad; but the question is not yet settled, whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|Intelligence is one of the greatest human gifts. But all too often a search for knowledge drives out the search for love. This is something else I've discovered for myself very recently. I present it to you as a hypothesis: Intelligence without the ability to give and receive affection leads to mental and moral breakdown, to neurosis, and possibly even psychosis. And I say that the mind absorbed in and involved in itself as a self-centered end, to the exclusion of human relationships, can only lead to violence and pain.
Abigail Adams|These are the times in which a genius would wish to live. It is not in the still calm of life, or the repose of a pacific station, that great characters are formed. The habits of a vigorous mind are formed in contending with difficulties. Great necessities call out great virtues. When a mind is raised, and animated by scenes that engage the heart, then those qualities which would otherwise lay dormant, wake into life and form the character of the hero and the statesman.
Neal Stephenson, The Diamond Age: or, A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer|Nell," the Constable continued, indicating through his tone of voice that the lesson was concluding, "the difference between ignorant and educated people is that the latter know more facts. But that has nothing to do with whether they are stupid or intelligent. The difference between stupid and intelligent people—and this is true whether or not they are well-educated—is that intelligent people can handle subtlety. They are not baffled by ambiguous or even contradictory situations—in fact, they expect them and are apt to become suspicious when things seem overly straightforward.
Walter Lippmann|Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
Michael Crichton, Congo|It's hard to decide who's truly brilliant; it's easier to see who's driven, which in the long run may be more important.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|But many intelligent people have a sort of bug: they think intelligence is an end in itself. They have one idea in mind: to be intelligent, which is really stupid. And when intelligence takes itself for its own goal, it operates very strangely: the proof that it exists is not to be found in the ingenuity or simplicity of what it produces, but in how obscurely it is expressed.
Tammara Webber, Easy|Not stupid. Overly trusting, maybe, but that reflects on his lack of trustworthiness, not on your intelligence.
G.H. Hardy|It is not worth an intelligent man's time to be in the majority. By definition, there are already enough people to do that.
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|He walked straight out of college into the waiting arms of the Navy. They gave him an intelligence test. The first question on the math part had to do with boats on a river: Port Smith is 100 miles upstream of Port Jones. The river flows at 5 miles per hour. The boat goes through water at 10 miles per hour. How long does it take to go from Port Smith to Port Jones? How long to come back?Lawrence immediately saw that it was a trick question. You would have to be some kind of idiot to make the facile assumption that the current would add or subtract 5 miles per hour to or from the speed of the boat. Clearly, 5 miles per hour was nothing more than the average speed. The current would be faster in the middle of the river and slower at the banks. More complicated variations could be expected at bends in the river. Basically it was a question of hydrodynamics, which could be tackled using certain well-known systems of differential equations. Lawrence dove into the problem, rapidly (or so he thought) covering both sides of ten sheets of paper with calculations. Along the way, he realized that one of his assumptions, in combination with the simplified Navier Stokes equations, had led him into an exploration of a particularly interesting family of partial differential equations. Before he knew it, he had proved a new theorem. If that didn't prove his intelligence, what would?Then the time bell rang and the papers were collected. Lawrence managed to hang onto his scratch paper. He took it back to his dorm, typed it up, and mailed it to one of the more approachable math professors at Princeton, who promptly arranged for it to be published in a Parisian mathematics journal.Lawrence received two free, freshly printed copies of the journal a few months later, in San Diego, California, during mail call on board a large ship called the U.S.S. Nevada. The ship had a band, and the Navy had given Lawrence the job of playing the glockenspiel in it, because their testing procedures had proven that he was not intelligent enough to do anything else.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|Pooh hasn't much Brain, but he never comes to any harm. He does silly things and they turn out right. There's Owl. Owl hasn't exactly got Brain, but he Knows Things. He would know the Right Thing to Do when Surrounded by Water. There's Rabbit. He hasn't Learnt in Books, but he can always Think of a Clever Plan. There's Kanga. She isn't Clever, Kanga isn't, but she would be so anxious about Roo that she would do a Good Thing to Do without thinking about it. And then there's Eeyore. And Eeyore is so miserable anyhow that he wouldn't mind about this.
NisiOisiN, Death Note: Another Note - The Los Angeles BB Murder Cases|The most intelligent people disguise the fact that they are intelligent. Wise men do not wear nametags. The more people talk about their own skills, the more desperate they are—their work should speak for itself.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|Intelligence entails a strong mind, but genius entails a heart of a lion in tune with a strong mind.
George Bernard Shaw, The Irrational Knot|[Chess] is a foolish expedient for making idle people believe they are doing something very clever, when they are only wasting their time. 
Robert G. Ingersoll|In the republic of mediocrity, genius is dangerous.
Lyman Bryson|The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is a substitute for intelligence.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Oh, gentlemen, perhaps I really regard myself as an intelligent man only because throughout my entire life I've never been able to start or finish anything. Granted, granted I'm a babbler, a harmless, irksome babbler, as we all are. But what's to be done if the sole and express purpose of every intelligent man is babble--that is, a deliberate pouring from empty into void.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Christian Religion An Enquiry|Kindness is strength. Good-nature is often mistaken for virtue, and good health sometimes passes for genius. Anger blows out the lamp of the mind. In the examination of a great and important question, every one should be serene, slow-pulsed, and calm. Intelligence is not the foundation of arrogance. Insolence is not logic. Epithets are the arguments of malice.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The role of genius is not to complicate the simple, but to simplify the complicated.
Timothy Leary, Chaos & Cyber Culture|The level of intelligence has been tremendously increased, because people are thinking and communicating in terms of screens, and not in lettered books. Much of the real action is taking place in what is called cyberspace. People have learned how to boot up, activate, and transmit their brains.Essentially, there’s a universe inside your brain. The number of connections possible inside your brain is limitless. And as people have learned to have more managerial and direct creative access to their brains, they have also developed matrices or networks of people that communicate electronically. There are direct brain/computer link-ups. You can just jack yourself in and pilot your brain around in cyberspace-electronic space.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Creativity is the highest form of intelligence. Over time, after developing a more advanced creative brain, I started feeling that my college education was more so something to be ashamed of rather than something to be proud of.
|The hallmark of intelligence is not whether one believes in God or not, but the quality of the processes that underlie one’s beliefs.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|A physical shortcoming could produce a kind of mental excess. The process, it seemed, was reversible. Mental excess could produce, for its own purposes, the voluntary blindness and deafness of deliberate solitude, the artificial impotence of asceticism.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|We've no use for intellectuals in this outfit. What we need is chimpanzees. Let me give you a word of advice: never say a word to us about being intelligent. We will think for you, my friend. Don't forget it.
Maureen Dowd|Military guys are rarely as smart as they think they are, and they've never gotten over the fact that civilians run the military.
Will Cuppy|We all make mistakes, but intelligence enables us to do it on purpose.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|The ugly and stupid have the best of it in this world. They can sit at their ease and gape at the play. If they know nothing of victory, they are at least spared the knowledge of defeat. They live as we all should live-- undisturbed, indifferent, and without disquiet. They never bring ruin upon others, nor ever receive it from alien hands. Your rank and wealth, Henry; my brains, such as they are-- my art, whatever it may be worth; Dorian Gray's good looks-- we shall all suffer for what the gods have given us, suffer terribly.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Flight of the Eagle|But if one observes, one will see that the body has its own intelligence; it requires a great deal of intelligence to observe the intelligence of the body.
Craig Ferguson|Sometimes people think you’re smart if you question the status quo, if nothing else.
James Morcan, The Ninth Orphan|The purpose of having the orphans study all these diverse fields was not for them to just become geniuses, but to become polymaths – meaning they would be geniuses in a wide variety of fields.
Ai Mi, Under the Hawthorn Tree|You seem to think you’re insignificant, but the truth is you’re so intelligent, beautiful, kind and decent, adorable. I can’t be the first person to have fallen in love with you, and I won’t be the last. But I do believe I will love you the most.
Simon Morden, Theories of Flight|What they might lack in intelligence, they make up for with sheer quantities of high explosive.
Frans de Waal|If we look straight and deep into a chimpanzee's eyes, an intelligent self-assured personality looks back at us. If they are animals, what must we be?
Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger: Die letzten Geheimnisse der Illuminaten oder An den Grenzen des erweiterten Bewusstseins|Belief is the death of intelligence. As soon as one believes a doctrine of any sort, or assumes certitude, one stops thinking about that aspect of existence.
Michael R. LeGault|Intelligence, Kant reminds, is not so much a result of genius, rather it is a consequence of a determination to use it.
Alan Bradley, The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie|I visualized myself pulling on my mental thinking cap, jamming it down around my ears as I had taught myself to do. It was a tall, conical wizard's model, covered with chemical equations and formulae: a cornucopia of ideas.
Helen Keller|People do not like to think. If one thinks, one must reach conclusions. Conclusions are not always pleasant.
Craig Ferguson|With good parody, you have to be smarter that the people you’re parodying.
Emma McLaughlin, The Real Real|You should totally get implants," she said admiringly in the mirror. I shake my head. "I don't yet know what I'm going to do with my life, Diane. But I'm hoping being shaped like a barbell could only be a hindrance.
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|Intuition is the highest form of intelligence, transcending all individual abilities and skills
W.H. Auden, Selected Essays|The basic stimulus to the intelligence is doubt, a feeling that the meaning of an experience is not self-evident.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|He was a volatile mixture of confidence and vulnerability. He could deliver extended monologues on professional matters, then promptly stop in his tracks to peer inquisitively into his guest's eyes for signs of boredom or mockery, being intelligent enough to be unable fully to believe in his own claims to significance. He might, in a past life, have been a particularly canny and sharp-tongued royal advisor.
Rafael Sabatini, Scaramouche|Do you know, André, I sometimes think that you have no heart.' 'Presumably because I sometimes betray intelligence.
Norbert Wiener, The Human Use Of Human Beings: Cybernetics And Society|The world of the future will be an even more demanding struggle against the limitations of our intelligence, not a comfortable hammock in which we can lie down to be waited upon by our robot slaves.
Vivienne Westwood|Intelligence is composed mostly of imagination, insight, things that have nothing to do with reason.
Becca Fitzpatrick|Since the dawn of time, women have been attracted to mates with strong survival skills—like intelligence and physical prowess—because men with these qualities are more likely to bring home dinner at the end of the day.” He stuck his thumbs in the air and grinned. “Dinner equals survival, team.
Arthur Miller, The Crucible|HALE, with a tasty love of intellectual pursuit
AainaA-Ridtz|A positive needs a negative to complete its cycle, as the Moon needs an embodiment of itself, the Sun, to complete the cycle of its illusory essence, the Earth. Now if the earth is in dire straits, is bombing the moon to discover whether water is ‘perceived’ in the natural stance of humans an intelligent move?
Roberta Pearce, A Bird Without Wings|Speaking of which, about assuming you had a condom—I just meant that you, with your experience, would be prepared for responsible sex, even if it were on the fly. An intelligent man is prepared for spontaneity.
François de La Rochefoucauld|Passion often makes a madman of the cleverest man, and renders the greatest fools clever.
Douglas R. Hofstadter, Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid|Sometimes it seems as though each new step towards AI, rather than producing something which everyone agrees is real intelligence, merely reveals what real intelligence is not. 
Tom Sharpe, Wilt On High|Do go on,' he said. 'There's nothing I enjoy more than listening to a highly trained intelligence leapfrogging common sense and coming to the wrong conclusions. It gives me renewed faith in parliamentary democracy.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|To think better, to think like the best humans, we are probably going to have to learn again to judge a person's intelligence, not by the ability to recite facts, but by the good order or harmoniousness of his or her surroundings. We must suspect that any statistical justification of ugliness and violence is a revelation of stupidity. (pg.192-193, People, Land, and Community)
Erin McCarthy, Hard and Fast|I am successful because of my brains and my guts, put together, and I don't need some fancy-ass degree from a bunch of sweater-vest-wearing pricks who haven't gotten laid since Bush Senior was president... Do you know who studies sociology? People who would rather observe life than live it.
Alisa Valdes, The Dirty Girls Social Club|It's important to be smart, but it's also important to be active with your intelligence. The more you sit around over-thinking things, the more trouble you get into.
John Kenneth Galbraith|Wealth, in even the most improbable cases, manages to convey the aspect of intelligence.
Dorothy Parker|Why, that dog is practically a Phi Beta Kappa. She can sit up and beg, and she can give her paw -- I don't say she will but she can.
Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, Poems, Protest, and a Dream: Selected Writings|One will abide, and will confess that another is nobler than he, that another is richer, more handsome, and even that he is more learned, but that another is richer in reason scarcely any will confess: Rare is he who will concede genius.
Adam Gopnik|Yet human intelligence has another force, too: the sense of urgency that gives human smarts their drive. Perhaps our intelligence is not just ended by our mortality; to a great degree, it is our mortality.
Christopher  Ryan, Sex at Dawn: The Prehistoric Origins of Modern Sexuality|I’d been traveling in Asia long enough to know that monkeys there are nothing like their trombone-playing, tambourine-banging cousins I’d seen on TV as a kid. Free-living Asian primates possess a characteristic I found shocking and confusing the first time I saw it: self-respect. If you make the mistake of holding the gaze of a street monkey in India, Nepal, or Malaysia, you’ll find you’re facing a belligerently intelligent creature whose expression says, with a Robert DeNiro–like scowl, “What the hell are you looking at? You wanna piece of me?” Forget about putting one of these guys in a little red vest.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I|It is a question of cubic capacity," said he; "a man with so large a brain must have something in it.
Lynne Truss, Talk to the Hand: The Utter Bloody Rudeness of the World Today, or Six Good Reasons to Stay Home and Bolt the Door|...intelligence nowadays is all about application: it is the ability 'to take in a complex system and learn its rules on the fly'. For young people, this ability is second nature. Any fool knows that, if you need a new and unfamiliar VCR programmed in a hurry, you commandeer any small passing child to do it.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I like solitude. It is when you truly hear and speak your natural, unadulterated mind, and out comes your most stupid self as well as your most intelligent self. It is when you realize who you are and the extents of the good and the evils which you are capable of.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|Some molecules - ammonia, carbon dioxide, water - show up everywhere in the universe, whether life is present or not. But others pop up especially in the presence of life itself. Among the biomarkers in Earth's atmosphere are ozone-destroying chlorofluorocarbons from aerosol sprays, vapor from mineral solvents, escaped coolants from refrigerators and air conditioners, and smog from the burning of fossil fuels. No other way to read that list: sure signs of the absence of intelligence.
Chaim Potok, The Chosen|I went away and cried to the Master of the Universe, "What have you done to me? A mind like this I need for a son? A heart I need for a son, a soul I need for a son, compassion I want from my son, righteousness, mercy, strength to suffer and carry pain, that I want from my son, not a mind without a soul!
Steven Weinberg|It used to be obvious that the world was designed by some sort of intelligence. What else could account for fire and rain and lightning and earthquakes? Above all, the wonderful abilities of living things seemed to point to a creator who had a special interest in life. Today we understand most of these things in terms of physical forces acting under impersonal laws. We don't yet know the most fundamental laws, and we can't work out all the consequences of the laws we do know. The human mind remains extraordinarily difficult to understand, but so is the weather. We can't predict whether it will rain one month from today, but we do know the rules that govern the rain, even though we can't always calculate their consequences. I see nothing about the human mind any more than about the weather that stands out as beyond the hope of understanding as a consequence of impersonal laws acting over billions of years.
Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living|The experience of pleasant, unpleasant, or neutral is the consequences of perception.
Tucker Max|The general intellectual level of South Florida is somewhere just above "functionally retarded".
Robyn Young, Crusade|There is a time for faith, Bishop, and a time for action. It would be a foolish man who stood on a battlefield and faced an army with a Bible in his hands. We are here to do the bidding of our Lord Almighty, but it is through deeds, as well as piety, that we serve Him.
Diane Ackerman, An Alchemy of Mind: The Marvel and Mystery of the Brain|Studies show that the IQ range of most creative people is surprisingly narrow, around 120 to 130. Higher IQs can perform certain kinds of tasks better--logic, feats of memory, and so on. But if the IQ is much higher or lower than that, the window of creativity closes. Nonetheless, for some reason we believe more is better, so people yearn for tip-top IQs, and that calls for bigger memories. A fast, retentive memory is handy, but no skeleton key for survival.
William H. Calvin, How Brains Think: Evolving Intelligence, Then And Now|Our civilization will, of course, be "playing God" in an ultimate sense of the phrase: evolving a greater intelligence than currently exists on earth. It behooves us to be a considerate creator, wise to the world and its fragile nature, sensitive to the needs for stable footings that will prevent backsliding -- and keep that house of cards we call civilization from collapsing.
William Penn|Sense never fails to give them that have it, Words enough tomake them understood. It too often happens in some conversations,as in Apothecary Shops, that those Pots that are Empty, or haveThings of small Value in them, are as gaudily Dress'd as those thatare full of precious Drugs.They that soar too high, often fall hard, making a low and levelDwelling preferable. The tallest Trees are most in the Power of theWinds, and Ambitious Men of the Blasts of Fortune. Buildings haveneed of a good Foundation, that lie so much exposed to theWeather.
John Kenneth Galbraith, The Age of Uncertainty|Man, at least when educated, is a pessimist. He believes it safer not to reflect on his achievements; Jove is known to strike such people down.
Belsebuub|To struggle against darkness is not to blunder ignorantly; intelligence is needed to generate right action. Wisdom guides whether to act or not, and if so how. Sometimes darkness is overwhelming and intelligent action is required. Sometimes silence and inaction is required, but a silence which is the result of intelligence is different from that born of ego states such as pride, fear and laziness.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Genius, throughout history, has been found difficult to classify because it varies in amount: It's rare to find a genius in the context of the noun, but most people, if not all, have a bit of genius in them in the context of the adjective.
Clare B. Dunkle, The Hollow Kingdom|Lively, intelligent, and quite immature, [Emily] usually burst out with exactly the comment that summed up the situation beautifully and therefore could never in politeness be said.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|If human foolishness had been as carefully nurtured and cultivated as intelligence has been for centuries, perhaps it would have turned into something extremely precious.
Terry Tempest Williams, Finding Beauty in a Broken World|What other species now require of us is our attention. Otherwise, we are entering a narrative of disappearing intelligences.
Robert K. Massie, Catherine the Great: Portrait of a Woman|To prove to [her friend, Swedish diplomat Count] Gyllenborg that she was not superficial, Catherine composed an essay about herself, "so that he would see whether I knew myself or not." The next day, she wrote and handed to Gyllenborg an essay titled 'Portrait of a Fifteen-Year-Old Philosopher.' He was impressed and returned it with a dozen pages of comments, mostly favorable. "I read his remarks again and again, many times [Catherine later recalled in her memoirs]. I impressed them on my consciousness and resolved to follow his advice. In addition, there was something else surprising: one day, while conversing with me, he allowed the following sentence to slip out: 'What a pity that you will marry! I wanted to find out what he meant, but he would not tell me.
Gary L. Francione|We proclaim human intelligence to be morally valuable per se because we are human. If we were birds, we would proclaim the ability to fly as morally valuable per se. If we were fish, we would proclaim the ability to live underwater as morally valuable per se. But apart from our obviously self-interested proclamations, there is nothing morally valuable per se about human intelligence.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|I think that at that time none of us quite believed in the Time Machine. The fact is, the Time Traveler was one of those men who are too clever to be believed: you never felt that you saw all round him; you always suspected some subtle reserve, some ingenuity in ambush, behind his lucid frankness. Had Filby shown the model and explained the matter in the Time Traveller's words, we should have shown him far less skepticism. For we should have perceived his motives; a pork butcher could understand Filby.
Alex  Payne|Deep” to me connotes intellectual rigor, not fashionable obscurity or the unnecessarily academic.
Eileen Cook, Unraveling Isobel|The mother was holding a baby, had a stroller with what looked like twin girls around three, and had a five-year-old boy who was running around the shelves with a finger shoved up his nose. I considered warning him that if he fell, he would poke his brain out, but it struck me that losing intelligence was not something he was worried about.
Stephen Fry, The Liar|Once, in his first term, Cartwright had been bold enough to ask him why he was clever, what exercises he did to keep his brain fit. Healey had laughed."It's memory, Cartwright, old dear. Memory, the mother of the Muses... at least that's what thingummy said."
Peter Bognanni, The House of Tomorrow|I will use my mind, not just my regular brain lobes.
Wace, Roman de Brut|Muscle is good, but craft is better
Bianca Frazier|People wonder why I always dress professionally. I want to be admired for my intelligence, instead of my body.
Rémy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques|Intelligence is perhaps but a malady, -a beautiful malady; the oysters's pearl.
James Gould Cozzens, The Just and the Unjust|The innocent supposition, entertained by most people, that even if they are not brilliant, they are not dumb, is correct only in a very relative sense.
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|Everybody who flashed the signs of loyalty he took to be loyal. Everybody who flashed the signs of intelligence he took to be intelligent. And so he had failed to see into his daughter, failed to see into his wife, failed to see into his one and only mistress—probably had never even begun to see into himself
E.H. Aitken|There can be no question that parrots have more intellect than any other kind of bird, and it is this that makes them such favourite pets and brings upon them so many sorrows. ...Men will buy them ... and carry them off to all quarters of the native town, intending, I doubt not, to treat them kindly; but "the tender mercies of the wicked are cruel", and confinement in a solitary cell, the discipline with which we reform hardened criminals, is misery enough to a bird with an active mind, without the superadded horrors of ... life in a tin case, hung from a nail in the wall of a dark shop... Why does the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals never look into the woes of parrots?...However happy you make her captivity, imagination will carry her at times to the green field and blue sky, and she fancies herself somewhere near the sun, heading a long file of exultant companions in swift career through the whistling air. Then she opens her mouth and rings out a wild salute to all parrots in the far world below her.
James Gould Cozzens, The Just and the Unjust|At Childerstown High School and at college he had never led his class nor taken prizes; but, without being aware that he did, he really blamed this on his failure to work hard, or any harder than he needed to. . . . What he did not know, what Paul Bonbright, among others, showed him, was that those abilities of his that got him, without distinction but also without much exertion, through all previous lessons and examinations, were not first rate abilities handicapped by laziness, but second rate, by no degree of effort or assiduity to be made the equal of abilities like Bonbright's.
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|A critical attitude, like activity, is one of the fundamental characteristics of our time. Both are interdependent. If the critical attitude should dwindle, there would be more peace and less intelligence, to the benefit of the essential. Neither criticism nor activity, however, can steer the course in such a direction - this means that higher forces are involved.
Stephen Baker, Final Jeopardy: Man vs. Machine and the Quest to Know Everything|Watson represents merely a step in the development of smart machines. Its answering prowess, so formidable on a winter afternoon in 2011, will no doubt seem quaint in a surprisingly short time.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|It is often very useful for others to think you less intelligent than you are," Benedict said, his tone amused. "It works particularly well against those who aren't as intelligent as you in the first place.
Walter Van Tilburg Clark, The City Of Trembling Leaves|Nothing imaginative ever happens to five people at once, because each is up to only one-fifth of his personal intelligence and perception. A crowd is never equal to the intelligence of any one of its members.
Rick Rosner|It's hard to pin down what my actual [IQ] score might be. It's silly to think that people even have one set IQ and that it's precisely measurable. My lowest scores probably reflect less than my maximum effort, and my highest scores probably grant me some extra points due to crazily high levels of diligence plus vast experience with these tests. It doesn't really matter unless we want to turn IQ testing into a reality show sport.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Mysterious Murder of Marilyn Monroe|She was born under the sign of Gemini. And that stands for the good and evil twin. Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde both hiding and residing inside her heart. Her good twin was not bad at all. But her evil twin was even better, and showed up to be way too fatal!
Scott Stabile|I'm a sucker for sweetness. Intelligence, creativity and a sense of humor mean little to me if a person isn't also kind.
Ben Aaronovitch, Rivers of London: Detective Stories #2|We decided to go back to basics and put the frighteners on some snouts.""Really?""We adopted a proactive intelligence-gathering policy utilising appropriate stakeholders in the community and pre-established covert human intelligence sources."And nobody can put a frightener on a covert human quite like Lesley can.
Karen Horney, Neurosis and Human Growth: The Struggle Towards Self-Realization|The declining of responsibility for the self can also be hidden behind a pseudo-objectivity. A patient may make astute observations about himself and give a fairly accurate report of what he dislikes in himself. On the surface it seems as though he is perceptive and honest about himself. But "he" may be merely the intelligent observer of a fellow who is inhibited, fearful, or arrogantly demanding. Hence, since he is not responsible for the fellow he observes, the hurt to his pride is cushioned—all the moreso because the flashlight of his pride is focused on his faculty for keen observations.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|Richard seemed to like our morning conversations about Brecht and Althusser and Andre Gorz, but later on he turned the group against me for being too cerebral and acting like a boy. And weren't all these passionate interests and convictions just evasions of a greater truth, my cunt? I was an innocent, a de-gendered freak, 'cause unlike Liza Martin, who was such a babe she refused to take her platforms off for Kundalini Yoga, I hadn't learned the trick of throwing sex into the mix.
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|You are very kind and very intelligent and those elements are not always found together. Mrs. Eleanor Roosevelt, Dr. Mary McLeod Bethune, and my mother - yes, you belong in that category. Here, give me a kiss.
Glenn Hefley|In this world where value is unknown, but the price of anything is marked, where the creation of self has been abandoned for the search for self, the behavior diagnosed as antisocial is often too quickly ascribed to intelligence when thrust into contact with widespread conformity, and refuses.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|I see the impossible work being done by of my friends at the federal agencies, the Pentagon, NATO, Five Eyes and the intelligence community. They are doing the impossible, for the ungrateful and with a fraction of the budgets required to render a viable defense.
M.Z.Riffi|When people's faith in the collective intelligence increases, falls to the same extent their own individual sense of responsibility.
Dante Alighieri, Paradiso|Behave like men, and not like witless sheep...
David Amerland, The Sniper Mind: Eliminate Fear, Deal with Uncertainty, and Make Better Decisions|The moment you establish a line of communication between two points, you subtly change both. That is also true for the way the brain is affected by the mind.
M.Z.Riffi|To be a good at something you have to be intelligent like an elephant, sly like a fox and patient like a camel.
M.Z.Riffi|Most of the people could be good at something specific, but they probably never discover what it is.
Bruce Charlton, The Genius Famine: Why we need geniuses, why they're dying out, and why we must rescue them|Genius has now all-but disappeared from public view; partly because intelligence (which is strongly genetic) is in decline in the West, partly because social institutions no longer recognize or nurture genius, and partly because the modern West is actively hostile to genius.
Edgar Allan Poe, Berenice|In the strange anomaly of my existence, feelings with me had never been of the heart, and my passions always were of the mind.
Neal Stephenson, Quicksilver|The mysterious Enoch Root meets 8-year-old Benjamin Franklin, Boston, 1713: "Do I look like a schoolmaster to you?" "No, but you talk like one." "You know something of schoolmasters, do you?""Yes, sir," the boy says, faltering a bit as he sees the jaws of the trap swinging toward his leg. "Yet here it is the middle of Monday—" "The place was empty 'cause of the Hanging. I didn't want to stay and—" "And what?" "Get more ahead of the others than I was already." "If you are ahead, the correct thing is to get used to it—not to make yourself into an imbecile. Come, you belong in school.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Gene: An Intimate History|Intelligence...[is] not marathon rac[e]: there is no fixed criteria for success, no start or finish lines -- and running sideways or backwards, might secure victory.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Though the children did not know Levin well and did not remember when they had last seen him, they did not feel towards him any of that strange shyness and antagonism so often felt by children towards grown-up people who 'pretend,' which causes them to suffer as painfully. Pretence about anything sometimes deceives the wisest and shrewdest man, but, however cunningly it is hidden, a child of the meanest capacity feels it and is repelled by it.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|the future belongs to those societies that treat new ideas as delicate, fragile and immensely valuable pathways to the future.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Sign of the Four: By Sir Arthur Conan Doyle - Illustrated|My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. I can dispense with artificial stimulants. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Russell commented that the development of such gifted individuals (referring to polymaths) required a childhood period in which there was little or no pressure for conformity, a time in which the child could develop and pursue his or her own interests no matter how unusual or bizarre.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|As in all such technological nightmares, the principal task is to foresee what is possible; to educate use and misuse; and to prevent its organizational, bureaucratic and governmental abuse.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|This sort of information gathering is precisely what we call play. And the important function of play is thus revealed: it permits us to gain, without any particular future application in mind, a holistic understanding of the world, which is both a complement of and a preparation for later analytical activities.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Dartmouth College employs computer learning techniques in a very broad array of courses. For example, a student can gain a deep insight into the statistics of Mendelian genetics in an hour with the computer rather than spend a year crossing fruit fliesin the laboratory.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|When all is said and done, the invention of writing must be reckoned not only as a brilliant innovation but as a surpassing good for humanity. And assuming that we survive long enough to use their inventions wisely, I believe the same will be said of the modern Thoths and Prometheuses who are today devisingcomputers and programs at the edge of machine intelligence.
Carl Sagan|The entire evolutionary record on our planet, particularly the record contained in fossil endocasts, illustrates a progressive tendency toward intelligence. There is nothing mysterious about this:smart organisms by and large survive better and leave more offspring than stupid ones.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Natural selection has served as a kind of intellectual sieve, producing brains and intelligences increasingly competent to deal with the laws of nature.
Robin Sacredfire|Took me a few years to understand what intelligence is; Took me an entire lifetime to understand ignorance. I still haven't found an explanation for ignorance, because the ignorant are too ignorant to justify their ignorance.
Laure Lacornette|If only stupid people could have the mere intelligence to shut up while discussing serious matter, the world would go along so much better !
Daniel Marques|Some people get offended by what I write, by what I do with my life and by what I say to those they never saw. And they also get offended when told they are too stupid to have the right to judge anyone. These poor souls don't know that respect and intelligence are correlated.
Robin Sacredfire|Most people I meet are stupid. Now, nobody likes to be labeled as stupid because they don’t want to know the truth about themselves, that they’re more useful dead than alive. The vast majority of those that meet me for the first time don’t believe that I’ve worked as a College Professor, or that I make a living as a writer. In fact, many have stopped talking to me because they believe I make a living doing something illegal, something criminal. It’s easier for them to believe that I’m just a criminal, than to accept that I’m one of the most famous bestselling writers in the entire planet. The ones that reach the next level, will ask me if I belong to any secret organization, if I speak to demons or if I channel the dead, or even if I steal information from the internet and other authors. Now, what they can’t see, is that the more they talk such things, the more they show me their real nature. They are very, really very, stupid. They can’t see an elephant in front of their nose; they can’t see an intelligent human being in front of their face; they are indeed very stupid and that’s a fact, not an assumption.
Robin Sacredfire|Why do you think you are always right?" Asks a dumb person that can't understand why I make a living as a self-help author or why she is wasting my time and I will never speak to her ever again.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Cyber hygiene, patching vulnerabilities, security by design, threat hunting and machine learning based artificial intelligence are mandatory prerequisites for cyber defense against the next generation threat landscape.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|And despite the insignificance of the instant we have so far occupied in cosmic time, it is clear that what happens on and near Earth at the beginning of the second cosmic year will depend very much on the scientific wisdom and the distinctly human sensitivity of mankind.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|It is interesting that it is not the getting of any sort of knowledge that God has forbidden, but, specifically, the knowledge of the difference between good and evil-that is, abstract and moral judgments, which, if they reside anywhere, reside in the neocortex.
Ken Jennings, Brainiac: Adventures in the Curious, Competitive, Compulsive World of Trivia Buffs|pg. 58. As a kid, I always assumed the know-it-alls on Jeopardy! were obviously the smartest people in America. If you were smart, that's how you showed it: by knowing all your state flowers and kings of Saxony. But what if Rob's right and that's a different, much shallower kind of intelligence? Is my mountain of flash cards all for naught?
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|At forty two years, Sona Kilroy stood tall and strapping, a powerful figure. Rising to the rank of Admiral in the Corsair fleet was no easy feat. It took intelligence, talent, determination, resilience, creative thinking, brute force, and sheer cunning to achieve – and perhaps also a large slice of luck.
Dan Simmons, The Fifth Heart|I take my favorite and most promising lads to the theater,” said [Sherlock] Holmes. “I'd say that if they were born into better circumstances many would have grown up to be MP’s, but in truth most are too smart and too honest for Parliament.
Criss Jami|It is not enough to call yourself a 'free thinker' just because you can change your beliefs. A whole mess of people change their beliefs based on what is fashionable rather than what is factual, which, by always following the crowd, would be the complete opposite of the beauty of a free thinker.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|It is precisely our plasticity, our long childhood, that prevents a slavish adherence to genetically preprogrammed behavior in human beings more than in any other species… Some substantial adjustment of the relative role of each component of the triune brain is well within our powers.
Sunday Adelaja|Our head is designed to develop our intelligence, to devote ourselves to self- education, self -improvement and to broaden our perspective regarding the world around us
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|Rationality attracts conscientious humans, whereas mysticism attracts fools.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|with rare exceptions (chiefly the social insects), mammals and birds are the only organisms to devote substantial attention to the care of their young; an evolutionary development that, through the long period of plasticity which it permits, takes advantage of the large information-processing capability of the mammalian and primate brains. Love seems to be an invention of the mammals.
Kenneth Eade, Political Thriller: Unwanted, an American Assassin Story: an assassination, vigilante justice and terrorism thriller|In the intelligence community, a rumor was almost as good as a confirmation.
Kenneth Eade, Political Thriller: Unwanted, an American Assassin Story: an assassination, vigilante justice and terrorism thriller|The CIA’s offices in London were no secret to the MI6. In fact, the two agencies were practically kissing cousins.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|In addition, human beings have, in the most recent few tenths of a percent of our existence, invented not only extra-genetic but also extrasomatic knowledge: information stored outside our bodies, of which writing is the most notable example.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|The time scale for evolutionary or genetic change is very long. A characteristic period for the emergence of one advanced species from another is perhaps a hundred thousand years; and very often the difference in behavior between closely relatedspecies-say, lions and tigers-do not seem very great... But today we do not have ten million years to wait for the next advance. We live in a time when our world is changing at an unprecedented rate. While the changes are largely of our own making, they cannot be ignored. We must adjust and adapt andcontrol, or we perish.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Evolution is adventitious and not foresighted. Only through the deaths of an immense number of slightly maladapted organisms are we, brains and all, here today.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|a typical chromosomal DNA molecule in a human being is composed of about five billion pairs of nucleotides… But since there are four different kinds of nucleotides, the number of bits of information in DNA is four times the number of nucleotide pairs. Thus if a single chromosome has five billion (5 X 10^9) nucleotides, it contains twenty billion (2 X 10^10) bits of information… We also see that if more than some tens of billions (several times 10^10) of bits of information are necessary for human survival, extragenetic systems will have to provide them: the rate of development of genetic systems is so slow that no source of such additional biological information can be sought in the DNA.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Somewhere in the steaming jungles of the Carboniferous Period there emerged an organism that for the first time in the history of the world had more information in its brains than in its genes. It was an early reptile which, were we to come upon it in these sophisticated times, we would probably not describe as exceptionally intelligent… Much of the history of life since the Carboniferous Period can be described as the gradual (and certainly incomplete) dominance of brains over genes.
David Lynch|I look at the world and I see absurdity all around me. People do strange things constantly, to the point that, for the most part, we manage not to see it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am likely to fail if I have determined the cost as too high or my intelligence as too low. Yet, if I think about it, the real failure rests in believing either of these to be true.
Retin Obasohan|Sight is seeing what's there, vision is seeing what's possible
Ken Robinson|Copernicus, Galileo, and Kepler did not solve an old problem, they asked a new question, and in doing so they changed the whole basis on which the old questions had been framed.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|The most intelligent or brilliant of us all are not usually the most successful, financially or career wise.A lot depends on the ability of a person to break into circles, meet people, network and interact.A well marketed yam may sell better than a not-so-well marketed Jollof.Do not just stay in the library and read all the books there, lest you become publicly dusty like the books you read.Food for thought!
Roshan Sharma|Without understanding, there is no life. Either you act, out of understanding or act to develop understanding out of it.
Marouane LAASSAFAR|what if you've been born more intelligent than others? and you can't force them to understand you, but you can understand them?. then you just need to force yourself on them, and you can map out their axioms and core beliefs and try to transform them. and then map out the fundamental concepts they need to know to understand you. i wish you understood me.
Sōseki Natsume, Wayfarer|Your brother is a sensitive person. Aesthetically, ethically, and intellectually he is in fact hypersensitive. As a result, it would seem that he was born only to torture himself. He has none of that saving dullness of intelligence which sees little difference between A and B. To him it must be either A or B. And if it is to be A, its shape, degree, and shade of color must precisely match his own conception of it; otherwise he will not accept it. Your brother, being sensitive, is all his life walking on a line he has chosen—a line as precarious as a tight rope. At the same time he impatiently demands that others also tread an equally precarious rope, without missing their footing. It would be a mistake, though, to think that this stems from selfishness. Imagine a world which could react exactly the way your brother expects; that world would undoubtedly be far more advanced than the world as it is now. Consequently, he detests the world which is—aesthetically, intellectually, and ethically—not as advanced as he is himself. That's why it's different from mere selfishness, I think.
Brian Clevinger, 8-Bit Theater|If we were to plot the distance between where you are RIGHT NOW and the nearest good idea, it would describe a line too big to fit inside the universe.
John Steinbeck, Cup of Gold: A Life of Sir Henry Morgan, Buccaneer, with Occasional Reference to History|...I say to you, without pleasure, that this son of ours will be a great man, because -- well -- because he is not very intelligent. He can see only one desire at a time. I said he tested his dreams; he will murder every dream with the implacable arrows of his will. This boy will win to every goal of his aiming; for he can realize no thought, no reason, but his own. And I am sorry for his coming greatness...
Luigina Sgarro|If you want to foresee the behavior of someone, their personality is a better predictor than their intelligence.
Joe Haldeman, None So Blind: A Short Story Collection|The brain isn't very much like a computer, although it doesn't do a bad job, considering that it's built by unskilled labor and programmed more by pure chance than anything else.
Criss Jami|It is not that men become too intelligent for God,' says the Apologist, 'but rather they become too arrogant for intelligence.
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|Intelligence reports and local folklore together perpetuated tales of his bloody adventures across the rim worlds and badlands of Terran space. It was his trademark and often over the last two decades, history proclaimed in large bloody letters that ‘Kilroy woz ‘ere.
Ted Hughes, Poetry in the Making: An Anthology|Well, the terrible fact is that though we are all more or less thinking of something or other all the time, some of us are thinking more and some less.Some brains are battling and working and remembering and puzzling things over all the time and other brains are just lying down, snoring and occasionally turning over. It is to the lazy minds that I am now speaking, and from my own experience I imagine this includes nineteen people out of every twenty. I am one of that clan myself and always have been.
Erik Pevernagie|Emotion often outwits intelligence, while intuition renders life surprisingly fluent and enjoyable. ("Le ciel c'est l'autre")
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A narrow hallway is all that separates rational from irrational, creativity from insanity, and intelligence from stupidity.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Wisdom is the intelligent use of our knowledge, whereas sensibility is an intelligent use of our judgment.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Starting over is opportunity informed by failure, which is opportunity made intelligent.
Sam Eriakha|A pretty face and a beautiful body can capture my attention, But only a beautiful and creative mind can hold it
Ray Palla, H: Infidels of Oil|An elementary school student asked me the NOT “politically correct” question, “Is an idiot smarter than a moron?” I had to Google it because I was afraid to respond in today’s PC society and didn’t want to offend him, his parents, or anyone else. Here’s what I found.Technically, a moron is smarter than an idiot. An imbecile is also smarter than an idiot.Although today the words are considered insulting and derogatory, prior to the 1960s they were widely used as actual psychology terms associated with intelligence on an IQ test.	An IQ between:	 00-25 = Idiot	 26-50 = Imbecile	 51-70 = MoronExplaining all of this to a nine year old with an IQ of 130 made me feel like society has turned all adults into one of the above, myself included.When I told him that I’m afraid to openly say it, the nine year old said, “Adults are idiots!
Eric Schmidt, How Google Works|Favoring specialization over intelligence is exactly wrong, especially in high tech. The world is changing so fast across every industry and endeavor that it's a given the role for which you're hiring is going to change. Yesterday's widget will be obsolete tomorrow, and hiring a specialist in such a dynamic environment can backfire. A specialist brings an inherent bias to solving problems that spawns from the very expertise that is his putative advantage, and may be threatened by a new type of solution that requires new expertise. A smart generalist doesn't have bias, so is free to survey the wide range of solutions and gravitate to the best one.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Biographia Literaria: Biographical Sketches of my Literary Life & Opinions|Every other science presupposes intelligence as already existing and complete: the philosopher contemplates it in its growth, and as it were represents its history to the mind from its birth to its maturity.
Ramana Pemmaraju|As long as you try to think intelligently, you have missed the point.
Natalia Sanmartín Fenollera, The Awakening of Miss Prim|This was where she discovered that intelligence, this wonderful gift, grows in silence, not in noise. It was here too that she learnt that a human mind, a truly human mind, is nurtured over time, with hard work and discipline.
Maria SwifMess|How old you are has nothing to do with how wise, smart, or mature you've actually become.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|Life is full of challenges, seen and unseen, so to look and feel great, you must hold your head up each day and project your inner confidence.
Angie karan|Are you eating to live or are you eating to die? Food is not just for nourishment. Food is for information, it is for intelligence. It is for wisdom, but more so it is to create clarity within your self.
Vishwanath S J|Independence can neither be created nor destroyed just like energy! It can only be transferred from a fearless, resilient, intelligent & visionary "form" to another, regardless of what gender you are born with. It's the energy that seeks to free your mind.
Sophocles, Antigone|But if I am young, thou shouldest look to my merits, not to my years.
Joann Greenberg|She always did feel sharp for things that was done wrong to her. I think she felt hurts more, say, than me. It's cause she's smarter; she got more person to hurt.
John le Carré|His intuition was luminous from the instant you met him. So was his intelligence. A lot of actors act intelligent, but Philip was the real thing: a shining, artistic polymath with an intelligence that came at you like a pair of headlights and enveloped you from the moment he grabbed your hand, put a huge arm round your neck and shoved a cheek against yours; or if the mood took him, hugged you to him like a big, pudgy schoolboy, then stood and beamed at you while he took stock of the effect. (About Philip Seymour Hoffman)
James Morcan, GENIUS INTELLIGENCE: Secret Techniques and Technologies to Increase IQ|Higher intelligence is not necessarily something you’re born with or genetically predisposed toward. In fact, most instances of above-the-ordinary intelligences are usually acquired thru superior learning techniques ... Reading about the greatest minds in history, including recent history, more often than not reveals the individuals concerned (or people close to them) employed specific learning methods.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Taking a deep breath, I shake my head and find Judge staring at me. "Reason number 106 why dogs are smarter than humans," I say. "Once you leave the litter, you sever contact with your mothers.
Kelly Thompson, The Girl Who Would Be King|I sit back and try to think. I've been discovering, much to my dismay, that I'm not a criminal mastermind or anything. I'm just brute force and my powers in no way include super-intelligence, which kind of pisses me off.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Gifted people of discernment, intelligence, and talent flourish in virtually every occupation. Every field produces perceptive and prescient persons whom exhibit the rare capacity to observe what eludes most people.
James Emlund|Life is a solvent. Be someone who dispels or weakens attitudes and situations. Have assets in excess to protect your liabilities. Solving it by shutting away differences in intelligence means you fail at the ultimate test. How we recognize words, how one uses words to communicate, and the ability to receive and contemplate outcomes. This is a feature (as far as we know) unique to our sort of intelligence.
Catherynne M. Valente, Silently and Very Fast|Long before you were born a man decided that there could be a very simple test to determine if a machine was intelligent. Not only intelligent, but aware, possessed of a psychology. The test had only one question. Can a machine converse with a human with enough facility that the human could not tell that she was talking to a machine? I always thought this was cruel--the test depends entirely upon a human judge and human feelings, whether the machine feels intelligent to the observer. It privileges the observer, the human, to a crippling degree. It seeks only believably human responses. It wants perfect mimicry, not a new thing. It's a mirror in which men wish only to see themselves.
Wordions|I love people who are honest, honest about everything. People who would bare their souls and say things like "I did it because I was Jealous.", "I made a mistake, not that I was unconscious of what I was doing but I lost control " , instead of covering it up with reasons.This kind of honesty takes a lot of "Courage" - since it involves admitting your flaws, both, to yourself and others."Intelligence" - Since it involves diving deep within, into the true reasons behind your actions, and "A Big Heart" - Since it involves acceptingthose flaws.
Elena Ferrante, The Story of the Lost Child|She possessed intelligence and didn't put it to use but, rather, wasted it, like a great lady for whom all the riches of the world are merely a sign of vulgarity. That was the fact that must have beguiled Nino: the gratuitousness of Lila's intelligence.
Robertson Davies|Sexual thrills are not all physical, and although Parlabane was an unlikely seducer, even on the intellectual plane, it was clear that his desire was, by this prolonged tickling, to bring me to an orgasm of the mind.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|If you are intelligent, if you are alert, the ordinary becomes the extraordinary.
Carl Sagan, Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science|Both [P. T.] Barnum and H. L. Mencken are said to have made the depressing observation that no one ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the American public. The remark has worldwide application. But the lack is not in intelligence, which is in plentiful supply; rather, the scarce commodity is systematic training in critical thinking.
Robert A. Heinlein|One might almost define intelligence as the level at which an aware organism demands, 'What's in it for me?
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Now we’ve a real intellectual impasse. Our reason, which is supposed to make things more intelligible, seems to be making them less intelligible, and when reason thus defeats its own purpose something has to be changed in the structure of our reason itself.
Arthur C. Clarke, Rendezvous with Rama|This had not endeared him to exobiologists such as Dr Perera, who took exactly the opposite view. To them, the only purpose of the Universe was the production of intelligence, and they were apt to talk sneeringly about purely astronomical phenomena, 'Mere dead matter' was one of their favourite phrases.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|The cane is just not going to cut it. I shared with some of my colleagues that these brothers live in neighborhoods where they are getting whapped with a piece of stick all night, stabbed with knives, and pegged with screwdrivers that have been sharpened down, and they are leaking blood. When you come to a fella without even interviewing him, without sitting him down to find out why you did what you did, your only interest is caning him, because you are burned out and frustrated yourself. You say to him, ‘Bend over, you are getting six.’ And the boy grits his teeth, skin up his face, takes those six cuts, and he is gone. But have you really been effective? Caning him is no big deal, because he’s probably ducking bullets at night. He has a lot more things on his mind than that. On the other hand, we can further send our delinquent students into damnation by telling them they are no body and all we want to do is punish, punish, punish. Here at R.M. Bailey, we have been trying a lot of different things. But at the end of the day, nothing that we do is better than the voice itself. Nothing is better than talking to the child, listening, developing trust, developing a friendship. Feel free to come to me anytime if something is bothering you, because I was your age once before. Charles chuck Mackey, former vice principal and coach of the R. M. Bailey Pacers school.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|Why do smart people exist, if not to figure out convoluted problems?
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Chronology of Water|I considered quitting graduate school. I paid my ticket, I rode the ride. Right? Half the people I started with quit. I did not have to continue toward scholar. But something wouldn’t let me. Some deep wrestling match going on inside my rib house and gray matter. Some woman in me I’d never met. You know who she was? My intellect. When I opened the door and there she stood, with her sassy red reading glasses and fitted skirt and leather bookbag, I thought, who the hell are you? Crouching into a defensive posture and looking at her warily out of the corner of my eye. Watch out, woman. To which she replied, I’m Lidia. I have a desire toward language and knowledge that will blow your mind.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|Lying there in the darkness, he knew he was an outcast. " 'Cos I had some sense.
Joy Harjo, Conflict Resolution for Holy Beings: Poems|A panther poised in the cypress tree about to jump is apanther poised in a cypress tree about to jump.The panther is a poem of fire green eyes and a heart chargedby four winds of four directions.The panther hears everything in the dark: the unspokentears of a few hundred human years, storms that will breakwhat has broken his world, a bluebird swaying on a branch afew miles away.He hears the death song of his approaching
R.A.Delmonico|I don't have to be the smartest person in the room, I just have to be in the room.
Michael Smith|You cannot control life, but you can change the way you see life.Animals other than man are more fulfilled, because they have less mind blocking life, but they are stuck with the perspective and perception they are born with. We (human beings) can greatly improve our perception by learning the ultimate truth.All the problems we have stem from people not knowing the truth of life.
Clifford Cohen|Note from Alien cookbook: “The more intelligent the human is, the better it tastes.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Once intelligent beings achieve technology and the capacity for self-destruction of their species, the selective advantage of intelligence becomes more uncertain.
Adrián Lamo|I don't know, and have no intention of finding out. IQ is like dick size - if you have to measure, you're way too invested in it. And both are gauche to discuss in polite company. (Upon being asked his IQ on Quora)
Frances Hardinge, The Lie Tree|She felt utterly crushed and betrayed. Science had betrayed her. She had always believed deep down that science would not judge her, even if people did. Her father's books had opened to her touch easily enough. His journals had not flinched from her all too female gaze. But it seemed that science had weighed her, labelled her and found her wanting. Science had decreed that she could not be clever… and that if by some miracle she was clever, it meant that there was something terribly wrong with her.
Charles Jackson|Why were drunks, almost always, persons of talent, personality, lovable qualities, gifts, brains, assets of all kinds (else why would anyone care?); why were so many brilliant men alcoholic?
Jean Craighead George, Julie of the Wolves|There the old Eskimo hunters she had known in her childhood thought the riches of life were intelligence, fearlessness, and love. A man with these gifts was rich and was a great spirit who was admired in the same way that the gussaks admired a man with money and goods.
Osho, Intimacy: Trusting Oneself and the Other|Just as trees need roots in the earth, man is also a tree and needs roots in existence or else he will live a very unintelligent life.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Unnatural Death|I sleuth, you know. For a hobby. Harmless outlet for natural inquisitiveness, don't you see, which might otherwise strike inward and produce introspection an' suicide. Very natural, healthy pursuit -- not too strenuous, not too sedentary; trains and invigorates the mind.
Guy de Maupassant|The human mind is a lucky little local, passing accident which was totally unforeseen, and condemned to disappear with this earth and to recommence perhaps here or elsewhere the same or different with fresh combinations of eternally new beginnings. We owe it to this little lapse of intelligence on His part that we are very uncomfortable in this world which was not made for us, which had not been prepared to receive us, to lodge and feed us or to satisfy reflecting beings, and we owe it to Him also that we have to struggle without ceasing against what are still called the designs of Providence, when we are really refined and civilized beings.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|... He who innovates will have for his enemies all those who are well off under the existing order of things, and only lukewarm supporters in those who might be better off under the new... partly from the incredulity of mankind, who will never admit the merit of anything new, until they have seen it proved by the event.
Shannon L. Alder|If you want to heal your heart surround yourself with people that won't tell you hating other people is how you get over being hurt. Surround yourself with people that will tell you to be more like Christ and reach out to those you don't understand or are offended by. Bitter insecure and anxious people will tell you everything you need to hear to help you move on, but very little of it will be the true teachings of Christ.
William MacAskill, Doing Good Better: How Effective Altruism Can Help You Make a Difference|We very often fail to think as carefully about helping others as we could, mistakenly believing that applying data and rationality to a charitable endeavor robs the act of virtue. And that means we pass up opportunities to make a tremendous difference.
William Inge|Oh, yes. I'm terribly smart. Wouldn't it have been nice... to be intelligent?
Clifford Cohen|If you want to impress someone, simply make up a vocation and preface it with the words “molecular” or “theoretical” (as in “molecular biologist” or “theoretical physicist”). After you do this no one will question the veracity of anything you say—whether it is related to your putative vocation or not.
Michael Crichton|Well,” Harry said, “look at it this way: Suppose you were an intelligent bacterium floating in space, and you came upon one of our communication satellites, in orbit around the Earth. You would think, What a strange, alien object this is, let’s explore it. Suppose you opened it up and crawled inside. You would find it very interesting in there, with lots of huge things to puzzle over. But eventually you might climb into one of the fuel cells, and the hydrogen would kill you. And your last thought would be: This alien device was obviously made to test bacterial intelligence and to kill us if we make a false step.“Now, that would be correct from the standpoint of the dying bacterium. But that wouldn’t be correct at all from the standpoint of the beings who made the satellite. From our point of view, the communications satellite has nothing to do with intelligent bacteria. We don’t even know that there are intelligent bacteria out there. We’re just trying to communicate, and we’ve made what we consider a quite ordinary device to do it.
Will Adolphy|If you don't know when your good, how can you know when your bad?
Elizabeth   Hunter, The Singer|So you are the scribes that nobody and everybody is talking about,” Konrad said. “I don’t know about that,” Malachi said. “I’m not much for gossip.”“Oh, we eminent politicians don’t call it gossip, Malachi. We call it ‘intelligence.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Don’t let your mind drown out your intuitive voice, train your subconscious to be positive by using the heart intelligence.
D.J. MacLennan, Frozen to Life: A Personal Mortality Experiment|Your name may be 'writ in water', but for now, you have the great advantage of being a wave that can think.
Sultan Salahuddin Ayubi|European merchants supply the best weaponry, contributing to their own defeat.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Enlightenment is not about attaining an ultimate level of intelligence or intellect. It is regained by shedding all the ideas, illusion and binds thrust on you and that you then so readily accrue.
