Jaachynma N.E. Agu|An intelligent woman is a goldmine! She has the ability to learn, reason and understand things better and faster than her contemporaries. She is competent, alert and can reason out stuffs easily.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|This is your life – not your parents’, teachers’ or significant other’s. If you ever find yourself on a path that just doesn’t feel safe anymore, you have every right to stop the car, get out – change your shoes and start walking.
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|If pain is a pot of boiling water, humor can be the rising steam.
Michelle Richardson|Contrary to what we've been told, life is simple. We complicate matters with our choices.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option|I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.
Rabbi Yossi|‎"With each experience we grow and become more aware of the inner beauty that lies within us. Ultimately we are truly our own leader. We lead the connection and flow of life that is our inheritance.
Marianna Olszewski|Each one of us holds the promise of greatness within our heart, minds, and souls. Our potential and where it leads us are as unique as our fingerprints, yet the way to access what is possible is universal. Affirm your life; find joy every day, even in the mundane; and embrace your strengths and use them better yourself and the world.
Joshua Wright|Fear is what keeps the walls up, so open the gate and let what you want, in when you want
Roy  Bennett|You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.
Elle Newmark, The Book of Unholy Mischief|To die is nothing, but to live with purpose and integrity, that's something
Michael J. Fox|And the second [thing about the CBS EVENING NEWS that stands out in the mind of Michael J. Fox] was something Katie did later in the interview, as the drugs kicked in and the tremors segued into the jerkiness of dyskinesias. Somewhere in the contortions of making a point, my left arm detached the microphone clip from my jacket lapel. With no fuss and hardly a break in conversation or eye contact, she calmly leaned over and refastened it. Neither of us commented on it, but it was such an empathetic gesture, so far from anything patronizing or pitying, a simple kindness that allowed me the dignity to carry on making a point more important than the superficiality of my physical circumstance......One thing was abundantly clear though, whether or not she was able to forget how much she liked me: with that single act of consideration, she made it abundantly clear how much she loved her father.
Adriana Trigiani|When I observe Gram, I see how fragile the notion of tradition can be. If I take my eyes off the way she kneads her Easter bread, or if I fail to study the way she sews a seam in suede, or if I lose the mental image I have of her when she negotiates a better deal with a button salesman, somehow, the very essence of her will be lost. When she goes, the responsibility for carrying on will fall to me. My mother says I’m the keeper of the flame, because I work here, and because I choose to live here. A flame is a very fragile thing, too, and there are times when I wonder if I’m the on who can keep it going.
Walter Kaufmann|One need not believe in Pallas Athena, the virgin goddess, to be overwhelmed by the Parthenon. Similarly, a man who rejects all dogmas, all theologies and all religious formulations of beliefs may still find Genesis the sublime book par excellence. Experiences and aspirations of which intimations may be found in Plato, Nietzsche, and Spinoza have found their most evocative expression in some sacred books. Since the Renaissance, Shakespeare, Rembrandt, Mozart, and a host of others have shown that this religious dimension can be experienced and communicated apart from any religious context. But that is no reason for closing my heart to Job's cry, or to Jeremiah's, or to the Second Isaiah. I do not read them as mere literature; rather, I read Sophocles and Shakespeare with all my being, too.
Bruce Sterling|In a world so redolent with wonder, how can we allow ourselves to conduct our daily lives with so little insight, such absence of dignity?
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|I know a woman who gets tattoos all the time. She acquires new tattoos the way I might buy a new pair of earrings. She wakes up in the morning and announces, "I think I'll go get a new tattoo today." If you ask her what kind of tattoo she's planning on getting, she'll say casually, "I dunno….I'll figure it out when I get to the tattoo shop. Or I'll just let the artist surprise me."Now, this woman is not a teenager. She's a grown woman with adult children, and she runs a successful business. She's also really cool, uniquely beautiful, and one of the freest spirits I've ever met.When I asked her how she could mark up her body so casually and so permanently, she said, "Oh, but you misunderstand: It's not permanent! It's temporary."Confused, I asked, "You mean, all your tattoos are temporary?"She smiled like a sexy rock 'n roll Buddha and said, "No, honey. My tattoos are permanent — it's my BODY that's temporary. And so is yours. We're here on earth for a very short while. I just want to decorate my temporary self as playfully and beautifully as I can, while I still have time."I love this so much, I can't even tell you.I myself am not covered with tattoos. (Although I do have two of them. Before I went traveling for Eat, Pray, Love, I had two words written into my forearms in white ink: COURAGE and COMPASSION.) But I do want to live the most vividly decorated temporary life I can. I don't just mean physically. I mean emotionally, spiritual, intellectually. I don't want to be afraid of bright colors, or big love, or major decisions, or new experiences, or risky creative endeavors, or sudden changes, or even great failure.
Adam Johnson|The urge to create a fictional narrative is a mysterious one, and when an idea comes, the writer's sense of what a story wants to be is only vaguely visible through the penumbra of inspiration.
Barack Obama|Let it be told to the future world that in the depth of winter, when nothing but hope and virtue could survive, that the city and the country, alarmed at one common danger, came forth to meet it.
The Tru Sum, Excerpts To Exodus|In this walk to freedom, we must, without question obtain hearts of honesty and a tongue of truthfulness.
Charlotte Eriksson|Do you wait for things to happen, or do you make them happen yourself? I believe in writing your own story.
Shaun Hick|Cancer gave me an understanding of the point of all this. To survive. Most of our lives it is easy but for the moments when it becomes difficult, when accident or sickness or sadness strikes, it's just about remembering one thing. You must simply survive.
Rosie Alison, The Very Thought of You|Perhaps just to have loved was enough - just to have seen this world,and known it,through the eyes of love.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|[Robert's eulogy at his brother, Ebon C. Ingersoll's grave. Even the great orator Robert Ingersoll was choked up with tears at the memory of his beloved brother]The record of a generous life runs like a vine around the memory of our dead, and every sweet, unselfish act is now a perfumed flower.Dear Friends: I am going to do that which the dead oft promised he would do for me.The loved and loving brother, husband, father, friend, died where manhood's morning almost touches noon, and while the shadows still were falling toward the west.He had not passed on life's highway the stone that marks the highest point; but, being weary for a moment, he lay down by the wayside, and, using his burden for a pillow, fell into that dreamless sleep that kisses down his eyelids still. While yet in love with life and raptured with the world, he passed to silence and pathetic dust.Yet, after all, it may be best, just in the happiest, sunniest hour of all the voyage, while eager winds are kissing every sail, to dash against the unseen rock, and in an instant hear the billows roar above a sunken ship. For whether in mid sea or 'mong the breakers of the farther shore, a wreck at last must mark the end of each and all. And every life, no matter if its every hour is rich with love and every moment jeweled with a joy, will, at its close, become a tragedy as sad and deep and dark as can be woven of the warp and woof of mystery and death.This brave and tender man in every storm of life was oak and rock; but in the sunshine he was vine and flower. He was the friend of all heroic souls. He climbed the heights, and left all superstitions far below, while on his forehead fell the golden dawning, of the grander day.He loved the beautiful, and was with color, form, and music touched to tears. He sided with the weak, the poor, and wronged, and lovingly gave alms. With loyal heart and with the purest hands he faithfully discharged all public trusts.He was a worshipper of liberty, a friend of the oppressed. A thousand times I have heard him quote these words: 'For Justice all place a temple, and all season, summer!' He believed that happiness was the only good, reason the only torch, justice the only worship, humanity the only religion, and love the only priest. He added to the sum of human joy; and were every one to whom he did some loving service to bring a blossom to his grave, he would sleep to-night beneath a wilderness of flowers.Life is a narrow vale between the cold and barren peaks of two eternities. We strive in vain to look beyond the heights. We cry aloud, and the only answer is the echo of our wailing cry. From the voiceless lips of the unreplying dead there comes no word; but in the night of death hope sees a star and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.He who sleeps here, when dying, mistaking the approach of death for the return of health, whispered with his latest breath, 'I am better now.' Let us believe, in spite of doubts and dogmas, of fears and tears, that these dear words are true of all the countless dead.And now, to you, who have been chosen, from among the many men he loved, to do the last sad office for the dead, we give his sacred dust.Speech cannot contain our love. There was, there is, no gentler, stronger, manlier man.
David Kofi Awusi|Everyday of your life is a another lesson. If you learn the lesson well and apply it; whether positive or negative, you determine what happens in your tomorrow.
Jemina Akhtar, Veil of Lies|Seek your own answers in life, and not what others dictate to you.
Steven Pinker|We will never have a perfect world, but it’s not romantic or naïve to work toward a better one.
Roy  Bennett|Focus on your goals, not your fear.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|To realize one's destiny is a person's only real obligation and when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living|When we are aware of our weaknesses or negative tendencies, we open the opportunity to work on them.
John Pfeiffer|Man is a slow, sloppy, and brilliant thinker; computers are fast, accurate, and stupid.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness: The Power of Meditation|Mindfulness, also called wise attention, helps us see what we’re adding to our experiences, not only during meditation sessions but also elsewhere.
Bertice Berry, Jim and Louella's Homemade Heart-fix Remedy|I learned long ago that when change comes, you gotta slow down and take note of it. In the midst of that change is all the possibility in the world.
Ogwo David Emenike|Where would we have been without the discoveries of our predecessors, and where are we going without your discoveries?
Sharon Salzberg, The Power of Meditation: A 28-Day Programme for Real Happiness|People turn to meditation because they want to make good decisions, break bad habits & bounce back better from disappointments.
Suzanne D. Williams, Fearless|You're never going to walk around fear. You're only going to walk through it. I have to do all those things I am afraid of, but I do them constantly renewing my mind.
Steve Maraboli|It's not about what I SEE for our future, or humanity; It's about what I DO for our future and humanity.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden and Other Writings|Knowledge does not come to us by details, but in flashes of light from heaven.
Ai Yazawa|Getting carried away is stupid, it won't get me anywhere.-Nana Komatsu
Seneca|When you enter a grove peopled with ancient trees, higher than the ordinary, and shutting out the sky with their thickly inter-twined branches, do not the stately shadows of the wood, the stillness of the place, and the awful gloom of this doomed cavern then strike you with the presence of a deity?
Joshua Hartzell|In life there is reality and there is what you want in life. If you took a moment to step back and forget about everything that is going on that doesn't really mean that much anyway, you might be able to figure out how to get what you want and what has been stopping you. For every problem there is a solution, for every... need God has provided the answer, and for every want there is a way. Reality is what you make it.
Brian  McDonald, The Golden Theme: How to Make Your Writing Appeal to the Highest Common Denominator|Stories are the collective wisdom of everyone who has ever lived. Your job as a storyteller is not simply to entertain. Nor is it to be noticed for the way you turn a phrase. You have a very important job--one of the most important. Your job is to let people know that everyone shares their feelings--and that these feelings bind us. Your job is a healing art, and like all healers, you have a responsibility. Let people know they are not alone. You must make people understand that we are all the same.
Jack R. Rose, The Cedar Post|Opposition can be your friend. Opposition can be the fire that tempers the better sword, as well as the ice that cools a fiery temper. Don't ever run from it; learn from it!
Rosamond Purcell|Isn't it amazing how we always have to put our mark on things? And how, from the natural world, we find evidence over and over again that reminds us, not so much of the birds, but of our own stories and our own kinds of art?
Lisa Washington|Seek first the kingdom of heaven WITHIN, whereby lies an abundance of treasures and resources that you need
Jack London, The Mutiny of the Elsinore|In the height of the gusts, in my high position, where the seas did not break, I found myself compelled to cling tightly to the rail to escape being blown away. My face was stung to severe pain by the high-driving spindrift, and I had a feeling that the wind was blowing the cobwebs out of my sleep-starved brain. 
Steve Aylett|Scientists used to do an experiment whereby a dog’s repeated reward for performing a task was unaccountably replaced by punishment. The dog, knowing it would be penalized for doing well or doing badly, would become melancholic and inactive. This and other unforeseeable results were funded by taxing up to sixty percent of people’s earnings. People became strangely melancholic and inactive
Charlotte Eriksson|So many people will tell you ”no”, and you need to find something you believe in so hard that you just smile and tell them ”watch me”. Learn to take rejection as motivation to prove people wrong. Be unstoppable. Refuse to give up, no matter what. It’s the best skill you can ever learn.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|Can you identify the source preventing you from feeling good every single day, from loving yourself unconditionally and making your dreams come true? Is it a voice in your head or a gut wrenching ache that compromises your inner peace and doesn’t allow you to accept the love around you? Is there one thing, or maybe many things, keeping you from forgiving your past and moving forward, tormenting you with lies like “You don’t deserve real love so just settle for whatever you can get,” “You’re not smart enough to achieve your dream so don’t even try,” or “Look at your past… you should hate yourself way more than you actually do!”?Welcome to your Little Monster.
Zeena Schreck|There are Tantrics who deliberately seek to do more active forms of renunciation, so transgression of social norms and breaking of taboo, and breaking of social taboos especially, is a form of renunciation.
Roy  Bennett|Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude. Happiness is in your mind, not in the circumstance.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|Even if we try to conform to ideals and strive for perfection, we will always be pulled back to our core identity because it’s the path of least resistance for our souls – an energy force that wants nothing more than for us to honor and accept who we are and discover what we’re meant to do in the world.
Jillian Michaels|It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.
Angela M. Hudson|When love dies, the heart's ashes do not leave on the wind—they rest on the mantelpiece of the soul, darkening the sunrise we once saw to be beautiful.
Laurie A. Helgoe, Introvert Power: Why Your Inner Life Is Your Hidden Strength|Reading is like travel, allowing you to exit your own life for a bit, and to come back with a renewed, even inspired, perspective.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|Bad luck with women is a determined man's road to success. For every affliction, he makes, out of indignation, yet another advancement in order to exceed the man that the woman chose over him. This goes to show that great men are made great because they once learned how to fight the feeling of rejection.
Gordon MacKenzie|You have a masterpiece inside you, you know. One unlike any that has ever been created, or ever will be. If you go to your grave without painting your masterpiece, it will not get painted. No one else can paint it. Only you.
Lynn A. Robinson|When you face a new challenge, remember the skills, talent, guts and resources that got you through before.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|When a man finds this kind of woman, he will go all out for her knowing that she will not be a letdown.
Holly Mosier|We have a right to decide how we want our bodies to look and feel, but unfortunately we do not exercise these rights. Instead, we tend to drift along, victims of our own ignorance of the fact that we can have what we want, if we are willing to take that first step toward developing the self-discipline to govern our thoughts.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option|God doesn't like it when we ask Him for the smallest things, dare to make your dream so big that He can conveniently fit into it and make your dream come true.
Kira Jeffries|There's always that song that brings you back to the past. That makes you pause in the middle of what you're doing just so you could hear it clearly. The words bringing you back to a time that seemed nearly impossible, the words making you think for one moment that time itself has actually stopped. And there's nothing but you & perfect melody that brings you one step closer to what used to be.
Andrew-Knox B Kaniki|Life is real, and you canot live a lie.
Ajaz Ahmed|It’s never been easier for audiences to skip, filter, or avoid advertising, so the best ideas are the ones that respect that the audience needs to get something out of the work; it should inspire, satisfy, or motivate them. You can’t just bombard people with messages anymore.
Thomas Bailey Aldrich|What is lovely never dies, but passes into other loveliness, Star-dust, or sea-foam, flower or winged air.
Paul  Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|The thing I want you especially to understand is this feeling of divine revelation. I feel that this structure was "out there" all along I just couldn't see it. And now I can! This is really what keeps me in the math game-- the chance that I might glimpse some kind of secret underlying truth, some sort of message from the gods.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Do not empower your negative thoughts by giving them “legs” so they can run around your mind, creating worries,frustrations, and anxiety in your life.
G.F. Smith|What is more precious: a thousand answers derived from one question? Or, one answer…from a thousand questions?
Toni Sorenson|If you have a painting in you, paint. If you have a song to sing, sing. Don’t judge your creation. Just create it. Banish doubt and fear and step out of your own way if you have to. Write if you’re a writer and invent if you’re an inventor. Do what you were born to do. Only then will you know a remarkable life.
George MacDonald, Weighed and Wanting|Anybody with leisure can do that who is willing to begin where everything ought to be begun--that is, at the beginning. Nothing worth calling good can or ever will be started full grown. The essential of any good is life, and the very body of created life, and essential to it, being its self operant, is growth. The larger start you make, the less room you leave for life to extend itself. You fill with the dead matter of your construction the places where assimilation ought to have its perfect work, building by a life-process, self-extending, and subserving the whole. Small beginnings with slow growings have time to root themselves thoroughly--I do not mean in place nor yet in social regard, but in wisdom. Such even prosper by failures, for their failures are not too great to be rectified without injury to the original idea.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Most of us who turn to any subject with love remember some morning or evening hour when we got on a high stool to reach down an untried volume, or sat with parted lips listening to a new talker, or for very lack of books began to listen to the voices within, as the first traceable beginning of our love.
Edwin Markham|Fight ever on: this earthly stuff If used God’s way will be enough. Face to the firing line o friendFight out life’s battle to the end. One soldier, when the fight was red,Threw down his broken sword and fled.Another snatched it, won the day, With what his comrade flung away.
Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success|Extend your "best before" date by living a youthful life.
Christina Westover, Poisoning Sylvie|You know how sometimes you remember a place you once loved, a movie you’ve enjoyed, only to be disappointed when you return to that place or see that movie for a second time? Well, it wasn’t disappointing. She sounds exactly as I remember her—and there is still something so warm and caring about her that it is difficult to hate her for how she abandoned us.
Vinayak|In this world, people actually don't live a life for themselves but usually live a life for someone they love.
Irving Stone, The Agony and the Ecstasy|An artist without ideas is a mendicant; barren, he goes begging among the hours.
Molly Peacock, The Paper Garden: Mrs. Delany Begins Her Life's Work at 72|Is being burnt a requisite for the making of art? Personally, I don't think it is. But art is poultice for a burn. It is a privilege to have, somewhere within you, a capacity for making something speak from your own seared experience.
Finis Mitchell|A mountain is the best medicine for a troubled mind. Seldom does man ponder his own insignificance. He thinks he is master of all things. He thinks the world is his without bonds. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Only when he tramps the mountains alone, communing with nature, observing other insignificant creatures about him, to come and go as he will, does he awaken to his own short-lived presence on earth.
China Miéville, The City & the City|We would never call inexplicable little insights 'hunches,' for fear of drawing the universe's attention. But they happened, and you knew you had been in the proximity of one that had come through if you saw a detective kiss his or her fingers and touch his or her chest where a pendant to Warsha, patron saint of inexplicable inspirations, would, theoretically, hang.
Marilyn Suttle|Do an evening review at the end of the day to reflect on what went well, and what you'd do differently next time.
Jean Shinoda Bolen|Memoria selectiva para recordar lo bueno, prudencia logica para no arruinar el presente y optimismo desafiante para encarar al futuro.
Stephen King|It's how we see the world that keeps the darkness beyond at bay. Keeps it from pouring through and devouring us. I think all of us might know that, way down deep.
Alice Fulton, The Nightingales of Troy: Stories of One Family's Century|Silence is so steadfast, you know. It is so ample, after all.
Fred C. White|The Spirit of God breathes inspiration, while the carnal mind breeds vanity.
Scott Bradfield, The History Of Luminous Motion|take words and make them useful,' she told me. 'drain them of all the crappy meanings they used to mean and make them mean something useful instead.
Charles Lindberg|Real freedom lies in wildness,not in civilization!!
Adrian Tan|You might be looking forward to working, falling in love, marrying, raising a family. You are told that you should expect to find a job paying so much, where your hours are so much, where your responsibilities are so much.That is what is expected of you. And if you live up to it, it will be an awful waste.If you expect that, you will be limiting yourself.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, Your Dreams Will Not Die|There is no time to waste in life and there is no cut and paste as well, only copy and paste – you can only emulate others
Albert Pinkham Ryder|Imitation is not inspiration, and inspiration only can give birth to a work of art. The least of man's original emanation is better than the best of borrowed thought.
Rosamond Purcell|It is a cliche that human beings are fascinated by size--mountain peaks, high buildings, and whales. We are also amazed by miniatures--a flea on a mouse, a flea on a trapeze, the Last Supper carved on the head of a pin.
Brandi L. Bates, Moonshine For The Soul: A Path to Strength, Wisdom, Growth, Health & Happiness|No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.
F.X. Toole|It’s not something he can do anything about, being a bleeder, anymore than a guy with a glass jaw can do something about not having whiskers.
Kelly Link, Pretty Monsters: Stories|Jeremy and Karl and Elizabeth have known each other since the first day of kindergarten. Amy and Talis are a year younger...Now the five are inseparable; invincible. They imagine that life will always be like this--like a television show in eternal syndication--that they will always have each other. They use the same vocabulary. They borrow each other's books and music. They share lunches, and they never say anything when Jeremy comes over and takes a shower. They all know Jeremy's father is eccentric. He's supposed to be eccentric. He's a novelist.
Kamand Kojouri|Think the tree that bears nutrition:though the fruits are picked, the plant maintains fruition.So give all the love you have.Do not hold any in reserve.What is given is not lost; it shall return.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Today is a gift that will be taken from you at day's end. Don't waste a moment, a chance, a lesson. You'll never live today again.
DeWayne Owens, How to Get Rich on Purpose: Secrets to Prosperity and Controlling Your Destiny|Unity is the intentional inclination to corporately control our destination. In other words, achieving the dream takes a team!
Amit Ray|You can grow like a tall tree, when you enjoy the sun, wind, rain, storms and the stars in the dark nights.
Nicholas Boyd Crutchley|If a picture paints a thousand words, then a let a picture inspire a thousand words.
Chang-rae Lee, Native Speaker|Suffering is the noblest art, the quieter the better.
Plato|A poet, you see, is a light thing, and winged and holy, and cannot compose before he gets inspiration and loses control of his senses and his reason has deserted him.
Michael Dobbs|He talked about the future with such certainty, he might have been talking about the past.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|If there's a definition of freedom, I think it's this: living life on your terms.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Whatever you dream of, there will be fulfillment.
Emi Iyalla|If careful attention is paid to the reality, we will see clearly, the real shortage is of the right skills, rather than of jobs. If the right skills are developed, the right start-ups and other enterprises will emerge and provide the jobs needed. It’s always the horse before the cart, not the other way round. At a personal level, it will require the realisation of the need for the acquisition of required skills, the discipline to pursue it and the commitment to push through. These will require a great deal of personal courage and effort. But then, the benefit will be immeasurable.
Robertson Davies, What's Bred in the Bone|The little boy nodded at the peony and the peony seemed to nod back. The little boy was neat, clean and pretty. The peony was unchaste, dishevelled as peonies must be, and at the height of its beauty.(...) Every hour is filled with such moments, big with significance for someone.
Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter--And How to Make the Most of Them Now|But while the urban tribe helps us survive, it does not help us thrive. The urban tribe may bring us soup when we are sick, but it is the people we hardly know - those who never make it into our tribe - who will swiftly and dramatically change our lives for the better.
Alyssa Hubbard|Writers are creatures of habit, as are humans, but writers aren’t necessarily human, are they?
Saru Singhal, Rousing Cadence|To soar, we must leave anything that weighs us down...
Muhammad Ahkam A|The higher knowledge, the higher responsibility
Agatha Christie|Un archeologo è il miglior marito che una donna possa avere: più lei diventa vecchia, più lui s'interessa a lei.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Impossible Is Stupid|Quitting is not giving up, it's choosing to focus your attention on something more important. Quitting is not losing confidence, it's realizing that there are more valuable ways you can spend your time. Quitting is not making excuses, it's learning to be more productive, efficient and effective instead. Quitting is letting go of things (or people) that are sucking the life out of you so you can do more things that will bring you strength.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Be a King. Dare to be Different, dare to manifest your greatness.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|God is never tired of bringing the sun out every morning, taking it in the evenings and bringing out the moon.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Your words are powerful so what you say goes a long way to either establish or destroy you; this is why you should say things that God has said concerning you, not things that situations or circumstances say.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|There is a power that can be created out of pent-up indignation, courage, and the inspiration of a common cause, and that if enough people put their minds and bodies into that cause, they can win. It is a phenomenon recorded again and against in the history of popular movements against injustice all over the world.
Sheldon B. Kopp, If You Meet the Buddha on the Road, Kill Him: The Pilgrimage Of Psychotherapy Patients|Crises marked by anxiety, doubt, and despair have always been those periods of personal unrest that occur at the times when a man is sufficiently unsettled to have an opportunity for personal growth. We must always see our own feelings of uneasiness as being our chance for "making the growth choice rather than the fear choice.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi|Whatever it is you are really desiring, give it away. If it's companionship, give it to someone else, and just listen to them and be there. If it's money, give it to someone who is less fortunate. If it's encouragement, give it to others. If it's friendship, become the best friend you can be to others. If it's time, serve others with your time. You will be amazed to see how much more of everything you have when you are willing to freely give.
Alex Rogers, I'm Only Human After All|Life is a constellation, the individual moments in our lives seem so pointless sometimes; but when you look at the whole picture, you can see that those little moments formed memories.
Erica Goros|Emotions are like muscles. Most of them go highly unattended, it's usually the weaker, undefined ones that cause injury to the rest, and there is most certainly memory response in play.
Thomas S. Monson|The philosophies of men surround us. The face of sin today often wears the mask of tolerance. Do not be deceived; behind that facade is heartache, unhappiness, and pain. You know what is right and what is wrong, and no disguise, however appealing, can change that. Be the one to make a stand for right, even if you stand alone. Have the moral courage to be a light for others to follow.
Bethanie Armstrong|Each day begins a new journey of life, for if we awake, there is a reason.
Kentetsu Takamori, Something You Forgot...Along the Way: Stories of Wisdom and Learning|No one should ever despair because the entrance to his or her chosen career path is clogged. There is an ancient saying: "The persistent drip wears through stone.
Albert Einstein|Phantasie ist wichtiger als Wissen, denn Wissen ist begrenzt.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Impossible Is Stupid|But if as you read this book you're saying to yourself: "I'd rather be miserably married than be alone." Well young lady, take out your clown shoes and buckle your seat belt - it's going to be a very bumpy one-woman circus.
Michelle Sutton, Decision to Love|With a lump forming in his throat, he thoughtabout all the hopes and dreams that he had for his son. More thananything, he prayed his boy would not grow up to be a screw uplike his dad when it came to love and marriage.
Pablo|This is the new year the new you. You can pass through another year, coasting on cruise control. Or you can step out of your comfort zone, trying things you have never done before, & make 2012 as the year that you elevate from where you are & soar high. Make it happen!
Franklin D. Roosevelt|First of all, let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself - nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness: The Power of Meditation|Because the development of inner calm & energy happens completely within & isn’t dependent on another person or a particular situation, we begin to feel a resourcefulness and independence that is quite beautiful—and a huge relief.
John Steinbeck|Lee’s hand shook as he filled the delicate cups. He drank his down in one gulp. “Don’t you see?” he cried. “The American Standard translation orders men to triumph over sin, and you can call sin ignorance. The King James translation makes a promise in ‘Thou shalt,’ meaning that men will surely triumph over sin. But the Hebrew word, the word timshel—‘Thou mayest’— that gives a choice. It might be the most important word in the world. That says the way is open. That throws it right back on a man. For if ‘Thou mayest’—it is also true that ‘Thou mayest not.’ Don’t you see?
Man Ray|Of course, there will always be those who look only at technique, who ask 'how', while others of a more curious nature will ask 'why'. Personally, I have always preferred inspiration to information.
John R. Stilgoe|The whole concatenation of wild and artificial things, the natural ecosystem as modified by people over the centuries, the build environment layered over layers, the eerie mix of sounds and smells and glimpses neither natural nor crafted- all of it is free for the taking, for the taking in. Take it, take it in, take in more every weekend, every day, and quickly it becomes the theater that intrigues, relaxes, fascinates, seduces, and above all expands any mind focused on it. Outside lies utterly ordinary space open to any casual explorer willing to find the extraordinary. Outside lies unprogrammed awareness that at times becomes directed serendipity. Outside lies magic.
Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living|We train the mind so that we can enjoy greater peace, happiness, wisdom & equanimity.
G. Neri, Ghetto Cowboy|When gangs took over the [abandoned public land in Philadelphia] and the neighborhood took a turn for the worse, horses became a way of saving lives. By getting boys interested in raising a horse rather than killing another human being, these cowboys gave the youth something positive: father figures, focus, and the ability to stand tall.
Elizabeth Jarrett Andrew, On The Threshold: Home, Hardwood, and Holiness|I'm not particularly in favor of doctrine or creed, ordination, the elevation of holy texts, the institution of church, or, for that matter, Christianity. Like most religions, it has irreconcilable shortcomings and an unforgivable history. What I do favor is the attempt to make sense of things by living within a story. The Christian story, for good or ill, is my inheritance.
Kentetsu Takamori, You Were Born for a Reason: The Real Purpose of Life|Amida's unimpeded light is the sun of wisdom that destroys the mind of darkness.(Preface in Teaching, Practice, Faith, Enlightenment)
Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain|The heart of a person only beats when it's surrounded by blood, by family.
Nakia R. Laushaul|There will come a time in every girl's life when she realizes that your ex-girlfriend wasn't crazy. Actually, she was right (about you).
Stephen Pierce|Never let what you cannot do, stop you from doing what you can do!
Ralph Waldo Emerson|His heart was as great as the world, but there was no room in it to hold the memory of a wrong
m.ralte|People say, 'It's hard to forgive...et al'. I think it's much harder to live peacefully. So, forgive and focus on living peacefully.
Donna Quesada, Buddha in the Classroom: Zen Wisdom to Inspire Teachers|The effects you will have on your students are infinite and currently unknown; you will possibly shape the way they proceed in their careers, the way they will vote, the way they will behave as partners and spouses, the way they will raise their kids.
Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras|Spiritual literature can be a great aid to an aspirant, or it can be a terrible hindrance. If it is used to inspire practice, motivate compassion, ad nourish devotion, it serves a very valuable purpose. If scriptural study is used for mere intellectual understanding, for pride of accomplishment, or as a substitute for actual practice, then one is taking in too much mental food, which is sure to result in intellectual indigestion. (152)
Christina Westover|It may be escapist, but if I have a choice between watching the news or reading a book which gets me to see the world through different eyes, I will always choose the latter!
Carl T. Rowan, Dream Makers, Dream Breakers: The World of Justice Thurgood Marshall|On the second floor was the office in which Houston pounded an ancient typewriter with two fingers, always setting an example of unceasing hard work for his admiring students. They had no hint of the fact that their hard-driving dean had contracted tuberculosis while serving as a GI in France in Word War I. Houstan always seemed vibrant and impassioned in the chase for justice as he tried to expose his students to everything relating to the law that might give them an advantage.. . ."I never worked hard until I got to the Howard Law School and met Charlie Houston," Marshal told me. "I saw this man's dedication, his vision, his willingness to sacrifice, and I told myself, 'You either shape up or ship out.' When you are being challenged by a great human being, you know that you can't ship out."So Houston rescued Marshall and launched him into a career as one of the greatest lawyers in American history.
A.R. Ammons|To be saved is here, local and mortal
Richard Bach|Whatever harm I would do to another, I shall do first to myself.As I respect and am kind to myself, so shall I respect and be kind to peers, to elders, to kits.I claim for others the freedom to live as they wish, to think and believe as they will. I claim that freedom for myself.I shall make each choice and live each day to my highest sense of right.
Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living|The erruption of feelings & emotions that follows a near-death exerience, or any event that causes us to stop & look deeply at the reality of our lives, is ripe with the potential for insight & clarity.
Sol Yurick, The Warriors|But Alonso kept smiling that smile and nothing made any sense with that smile looking you in the face. 'Jim, don't tell me that, you know, brother-shit. I have been through it all. Take, you know, advice. There is only one thing and that is the kick, the Now. Nothing else counts. Get yours. Get it because, you know, no one cares and they will always put you down in the end, Jim, and the only word that counts is, you know, Now. Not that foolish brother and bopping jazz, Jim. Now. Because if it all don't go up in any, you know, twenty minutes; up, all gone; then they are going to put you down and keep you down. Now.
Joe Clifford Faust|If you’re honest with yourself as a writer, trying to tell the best story you can, your story will be an honest one. And your values will come out, no matter how hard you try to disguise them.
Woodrow Wilson|You are not here merely to making a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement.
Maurice Chevalier, Bravo Maurice!: A compilation from the autobiographical writings of Maurice Chevalier|Inspiration comes unawares, from unaccountable sources that have nothing to do with planning or intelligence. Let it cool ever so slightly, and you are left, pen or brush in hand, with no inspiration at all. Gifted people need not, therefore, make a song and dance about being or supposing themselves superior. They simply happened to be born with that fortunate, subconscious equipment of theirs, and the mystery exists independently of intelligence or ambition.
Janet Crain|Each store will fulfil some of your needs, but no individual store can meet all of your needs. Learning how to set realistic expectations now and in future relationships requires you to examine each of the existing stores to see what they can offer.
Toni Morrison|I'm a Midwesterner, and everyone in Ohio is excited. I'm also a New Yorker, and a New Jerseyan, and an American, plus I'm an African-American, and a woman. I know it seems like I'm spreading like algae when I put it this way, but I'd like to think of the prize being distributed to these regions and nations and races.
Walter Kirn|The mist just keeps on lifting and soon I'll be able to see all the way, as far as the earth's curvature allows. It's a blessing, that curvature, that hidden hemisphere-if we could take it all in at one, why move?
Nikki Rowe|These people will try to manipulate you, try to bring you down but remember baby girl you are a queen, own your crown.
RVM|Inspiration moves one from Pessimism to Optimism, from Doubt to Faith, from Despair to Hope, and from Darkness to Light!- RVM
Lana Parrilla|To be vulnerable, to be raw, to virtually expose your guts, I like doing that.
Jennifer Elisabeth|Love is my drug of choice, even if it comes laced with pain and disaster.
Nirad C. Chaudhuri|I understood the life around me better, not from love, which everybody acknowledges to be a great teacher, but from estrangement, to which nobody has attributed the power of reinforcing insight
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Speed is not always a constituent to great work, the process of creation should be given time and thought.
Robert Musil, The Confusions of Young Törless|We sometimes have a flash of understanding that amounts to the insight of genius, and yet it slowly withers, even in our hands - like a flower. The form remains, but the colours and the fragrance are gone.
Oscar Wilde|Realize your youth while you have it. Don’t squander the gold of your days, listening to the tedious, trying to improve the hopeless failure, or giving away your life to the ignorant, the common, and the vulgar. These are the sickly aims, the false ideals, of our age. Live! Live the wonderful life that is in you! Let nothing be lost upon you. Be always searching for new sensations. Be afraid of nothing
Elia Barceló, El secreto del orfebre|La luz del pasillo iluminaba débilmente mi rostro que se reflejaba de modo fantasmal en el cristal de la ventanilla y me hacía recordar el que tuve en la infancia, el que naufragó para siempre en la despedida, como si aquel niño se hallara agazapado en algún lugar de mi interior esperando un descuido mío para emerger de nuevo en las aguas fangosas del pasado con su sonrisa feliz y sus ojos brillantes.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Individually, every grain of sand brushing against my hands represents a story, an experience, and a block for me to build upon for the next generation.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|She preferred the quiet solitary atmosphere, to create in her own world of paint and colour, the thrill of anticipating how her works would turn out as she eyed the blank sheets of paper or canvas before starting her next masterpiece. How satisfying it was to mess around in paint gear, without having to worry about spills, starch or frills, that was the life!
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|War crimes, you say?No matter how many policies you put on paper, in reality, there are no rights and wrongs in war. War itself is a crime. War cannot be justified. I believe, the only people, in this world, whose opinions matter, are the ones who go the extra mile to help other people expecting nothing in return. Soldiers who fight fiercely for their country, the doctors in Sri Lanka's public hospitals attending to hundreds of patients at a time for no extra pay , the nuns who voluntarily teach English and math to children of refugee camps in the north, the monks who collect food to feed entire villages during crises, they are the people worth listening to, their opinion matters. So find me one of them who will say: they wish the war didn't end in 2009, that they wish Sri Lanka was divided into two parts. Find me one of them who agrees with the international war crime allegations against Sri Lanka, and I will listen. But I will not listen to the opinions of those who are paid to find faults in a war they were never a part of, a war they never experienced themselves. I will not listen to the opinions of those who watched the war on tv or read about it on the internet or were moved by a documentary on Al Jazeera. The war is over. The damage is done. Let Sri Lanka move on. So our children will never have to see what we've seen.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Goal Of LIFE Is patience,Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!
Shannon Taylor Hodnett|Art builds upon art, builds upon art...nothing is purely original. We're all inspired by something...or someone. It's a never-ending chain of ideas...and it's magical.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Life Is ‘Simple’ By Nature...The deeper you try to study, the more you complicate it.Just believe in it’s simplicity & it shall show you it is far too Simple actually!
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|What You were Once, Was Also Because You Were Someone Else Before that
Gerald R. Ford|The harder you work, the luckier you are, and I worked like hell.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Love begets glory,Work begets story.LOVED WORK Begets A Story of Glory!
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Without the desire to be patient patience doesn't happen, Just like without the desire to grow, LIFE doesn't happen!
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Life is a chain of events executed in a way which is - most convenient to ‘you’, ‘your’ dreams & people ‘you’ desire to be with & people you have been put up to live with...
Antonin Artaud, The Theater and Its Double|Que les poètes morts laissent la place aux autres. Et nous pourrions tout de même voir que c'est notre vénération devant ce qui a été déjà fait, si beau et si valable que ce soit, qui nous pétrifie, qui nous stabilise et nous empêche de prendre contact avec la force qui est dessous, que l'on appelle l'énergie pensante, la force vitale, le déterminisme des échanges, les menstrues de la lune ou tout ce qu'on voudra.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|If Aphrodite chills at home in Cyprus for most of the year, then Fez must be the goddess’s playground.
YUSUF OLATUNJI ACUMEN|Dont eat to be fool,eat to be strong....
Richard Halliburton|Just about a month from now I'm set adrift, with a diploma for a sail and lots of nerve for oars.
Goo Hye Sun|There is no such thing as a perfect person in this world. We all must become the main characters or the stars of our lives. We are all different and start differently. But from whatever is our circumstances, it is very important that we find the opportunities to try out what we want to do.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Don't let any situation intimidate you anymore, don't accept defeat anymore.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Weigh whatever you are about to say; what will it do to your hearer - encouragement, edification, disappointment or fear? What will it do to your life - glorify, edify, beautify or weigh you down? Speak well and things will go well.
Goo Hye Sun|In the past, I used to think that it is fundamental and natural to have everything. But I realized that is not true. Instead I realized that those are things to be grateful for. After that realization, I became comfortable. Even if I don’t have it I am grateful. Such a realization also made me understand that is a way to love myself.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|You are not permitted to suffer what others suffer, you are not permitted to fail or die young.
Mollie Marti|The more you become aware of and respond to the needs of others, the richer your own life becomes.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Words are directed to your personalities namely; - God, your hearers, devil and yourself.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|When we are connected to the source, we will not be afraid of any task set before us.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Your decision not to join the crowd may be what God is waiting for to grant you revelation on how to deliver your family, your country, business, profession or even your church!
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|You are to make your own way prosperous...Even God cannot do it for you; you will have to do it yourself by doing the right things; taking right decisions, talking right, thinking right, being at the right place with the right-kind of people and by reading the right materials.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|So cheer up Beloved; for your God is able, He is the maker of all things.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|God wants all man's attention, thoughts and focus to be on Him.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|It is never late, you can start the movement now, the provisions have been made, the price has been paid and the gifts have been packaged. Are you willing to change?
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|We cannot prevail by our own might or strength, we need to plug on to the source of our strength so that we will remain resourceful always.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|When you begin to reason with the Lord, your attitude to the issues of life will change.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Are you the fruit of redemption? If yes, then make a delightful noise unto Him.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|God is not a thief. That which steals, kills and destroys is the devil - not God!
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|God comes down in the evenings to chat with man, enjoy man's company and find out how man faired in the course of the day.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|You are addressed by the way you dress. Your attire reflects your sense of value or taste and of course, your speech either makes or mars you.
Katerina Kostaki, Cosmic Light|and what happens around us ,simply happens because we haven't learned to love .Till this moment ,people would have to go through the same paths ,experience similar events ,blinded ,full of wrath,imprisoned and bounded by themselves.They will star at their fellows seeing what they are unable to see on themselves....Themselves!
Willa Cather, Death Comes for the Archbishop|One might almost say that an apparition is human vision corrected by divine love. I do not see you as you really are, Joseph; I see you through my affection for you. The Miracles of the Church seem to me not to rest so much upon faces or voices or healing power coming suddenly near to us from afar off, but upon our perceptions being made finer, so that for a moment our eyes can see and our ears can hear what is there about us always.
Robert Musil, The Man Without Qualities: Vol. 1|What is it you do, then? I'll tell you: You leave out whatever doesn't suit you. As the author himself has done before you. Just as you leave things out of your dreams and fantasies. By leaving things out, we bring beauty and excitement into the world. We evidently handle our reality by effecting some sort of compromise with it, an in-between state where the emotions prevent each other from reaching their fullest intensity, graying the colors somewhat. Children who haven't yet reached that point of control are both happier and unhappier than adults who have. And yes, stupid people also leave things out, which is why ignorance is bliss. So I propose, to begin with, that we try to love each other as if we were characters in a novel who have met in the pages of a book. Let's in any case leave off all the fatty tissue that plumps up reality.
Naomi Shihab Nye|We dropped our troubles into the lap of the storyteller, and they turned into someone else's.
Luther E. Vann, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|It has been my personal experience that as I allow the painting to speak I become lost, it is delicious and at the same time frightening. The best ones, to me, have a life of their own.
Amunhotep El Bey, The Quotations Book of life and Death|He who perseveres like an infant that falls down and keeps getting up, shall eventually find the way.”~ Amunhotep El Bey
Regina Griffin|Ish #177 "You never know what you don't know, until you finally know it.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|God is not ecstatic about the lack you are experiencing; He is not delightful over your failures, He is not happy about your stagnancy.
Regina Griffin|Ish #28 "Give you child a name with meaning.
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|Intuition represents a concept which is made up from lots of ideas and assumptions, not all of which will be common to everyone.
Walt Stanchfield|We all have 10,000 bad drawings in us. The sooner we get them out the better.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|It has always been a happy thought to me that the creek runs on all night, new every minute, whether I wish it or know it or care, as a closed book on a shelf continues to whisper to itself its own inexhaustible tale. So many things have been shown so to me on these banks, so much light has illumined me by reflection here where the water comes down, that I can hardly believe that this grace never flags, that the pouring from ever-renewable sources is endless, impartial, and free.
Jeffrey Carver|Write from the soul, not from some notion about what you think the marketplace wants.The market is fickle; the soul is eternal'.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|what is the use of a book,' thought Alice, 'without pictures or conversations?'"- Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland, Ch. 1
Sebastian Marincolo|The movie Koyaanisqatsi shows non-commented time-lapse footage and focuses our attention on the very rhythm of our civilized modern life and nature. A marijuana high can do something for a user similar to what this time-lapse footage does. The enhancement of episodic memory and the acceleration of associative streams of memories can alter and enhance our recognition of patterns in our lives in various ways. If we are presented with quick associative chains of past experiences, we can see a pattern in a body of information that is usually not at once presented to our “inner eye” as such.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|...Absorbed in the new scents, the sounds, and the sunlight...
David Bayles, Art and Fear: Observations on the Perils (and Rewards) of Artmaking|There is no ready vocabulary to describe the ways in which artists become artists, no recognition that artists must learn to be who they are (even as they cannot help being who they are.) We have a language that reflects how we learn to paint, but not how we learn to paint our paintings. How do you describe the [reader to place words here] that changes when craft swells to art?"Artists come together with the clear knowledge that when all is said and done, they will return to their studio and practice art alone. Period. That simple truth may be the deepest bond we share. The message across time from the painted bison and the carved ivory seal speaks not of the differences between the makers of that art and ourselves, but of the similarities. Today these similarities lay hidden beneath urban complexity -- audience, critics, economics, trivia -- in a self-conscious world. Only in those moments when we are truly working on our own work do we recover the fundamental connection we share with all makers of art. The rest may be necessary, but it's not art. Your job is to draw a line from your art to your life that is straight and clear.
Federico Chini, The Sea Of Forgotten Memories|Writing is like sculpturing words out of a block of imagination. Sentences chisel the story, then characters make it their own.
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong’o, Devil on the Cross|What Waringa tried hard to avoid was looking at the pictures of the walls and windows of the church. Many of the pictures showed Jesus in the arms of the virgin Mary or on the cross. But others depicted the devil, with two cow-like horns and a tail like a monkey's, raising one leg in a dance of evil, while his angels, armed with burning pitchforks, turned over human beings on a bonfire. The Virgin Mary, Jesus and God's angels were white, like European, but the devil and his angels were black.
Alan Lee|I like to work in watercolor, with as little under-drawing as I can get away with. I like the unpredictability of a medium which is affected as much by humidity, gravity, the way that heavier particles in the wash settle into the undulations of the paper surface, as by whatever I wish to do with it. In other mediums you have more control, you are responsible for every mark on the page — but with watercolor you are in a dialogue with the paint, it responds to you and you respond to it in turn. Printmaking is also like this, it has an unpredictable element. This encourages an intuitive response, a spontaneity which allows magic to happen on the page. When I begin an illustration, I usually work up from small sketches — which indicate in a simple way something of the atmosphere or dynamics of an illustration; then I do drawings on a larger scale supported by studies from models — usually friends — if figures play a large part in the picture. When I've reached a stage where the drawing looks good enough I'll transfer it to watercolor paper, but I like to leave as much unresolved as possible before starting to put on washes. This allows for an interaction with the medium itself, a dialogue between me and the paint. Otherwise it is too much like painting by number, or a one-sided conversation.
Brenda Ueland|In the same way there is much, much in all of us, but we do not know it. No one ever calls it out in us, unless we are lucky enough to know intelligent, imaginative, sympathetic people who love us and have the magnanimity to encourage us, to believe in us, by listening, by praise, by appreciation, by laughing. If you are going to write, you must become aware of this richness in you and come to believe in it and know it is there so that you can write opulently with with self-trust. Once you become aware of it, have faith in it, you will be all right. But it is like this: if you have a million dollars in the bank and don't know, it doesn't so you any good.
Kristi Bowman, Journey to One: A Woman's Story of Emotional Healing and Spiritual Awakening|Creation is bringing potential into being, bringing inspiration into action. Inspiration and action are nothing when they are apart. Inspiration feels like a great a wondrous thing, but if it is not manifested, it is as if it never existed. Likewise, action without inspiration has no purpose. It is only when they are together as one that they are truly something.
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong’o, Devil on the Cross|As she stared at them, Waringa noted that their skins were indeed red, like that of pigs or like the skin of a black person who has been scalded with boiling water or who has burned himself with acid creams. Even the hair in their arms and necks stood out stiff and straight like the bristle of an aging hog.
Teresa R. Funke, V for Victory|The tears are falling freely now, and I don't care if he sees them. They're tears of relief for my nephew, worry for my grandfather and my brother, and shame for my mistake. I figure I earned them.
Edith Wharton|High PastureCome up--come up: in the dim vale belowThe autumn mist muffles the fading trees,But on this keen hill-pasture, though the breezeHas stretched the thwart boughs bare to meet the snow,Night is not, autumn is not--but the flowOf vast, ethereal and irradiate seas,Poured from the far world's flaming boundariesIn waxing tides of unimagined glow.And to that height illumined of the mindhe calls us still by the familiar way,Leaving the sodden tracks of life behind,Befogged in failure, chilled with love's decay--Showing us, as the night-mists upward wind,How on the heights is day and still more day.
Ziyah|Into adulthood through which everyone is always in a different way. Do not feel left out because of it. So, do not worry about it. Since everyone has experienced the same thing.
Ильф и Петров|Но Остап приходил каждый вечер, хотя радостных вестей не приносил. Энергия и веселость его были неисчерпаемы. Надежда ни на одну минуту не покидала его.
Alan Lee|I've been strongly influenced, in technique as well as subject matter, by some of the early 20th-century book illustrators — Arthur Rackham and Edmund Dulac in particular, Burne-Jones and other Pre-Raphaelites, and the Arts-&-Crafts movement they engendered. I'm continually inspired by Rembrandt, Breughel (I've wondered whether his brilliant "Tower of Babel" had inspired Tolkien's description of Minas Tyrith), Hieronymous Bosch, Albrecht Durer, and Turner; it's not necessarily that they influence my work in any particular direction, more that their example raises my spirits, re-affirms my belief in the power of images to move and delight us, and shows me how much further I have to go, how much is possible. Having visited Venice and Florence for the first time, I am besotted with the Italian Renaissance artists — Botticelli, Bellini, da Vinci and others. Their work is calm, controlled, and yet each face and landscape contains such passion. In Botticelli's paintings, every pebble and every leaf is rendered with a religious devotion; there is reverence inherent in paying such close attention to every stone, turning painting itself into a form of worship, an act of prayer.
James C. Uwandu, Almost the Whole Thing|There are things you can change, the ones you can accomodate the ones you must avoid and the ones you definitely cannot do anything about. If you surrender all of them to JESUS the LORD, HE would give you Peace and Love in return.
Karen Armstrong, The Spiral Staircase: My Climb Out of Darkness|When the horror recedes and the world resumes its normal shape, you cannot forget it. You have seen what is "really" there, the empty horror that exists when the consoling illusion of our mundane experience is stripped away, so you can never respond to the world in quite the same way again."from Coleridge: Like one, that on a lonesome road Doth walk in fear and dread, And having once turned round walks on, And turns no more his head; Because he knows, a frightful fiend Doth close behind him tread
Dew Platt, Failure&solitude|To be communal is to be something fallacious. It is to be something more or less than being, a subjugation or propagation of the self to exist within the external condition.
John Crowley, Novelty: Four Stories|Novelty and Security: the security of novelty, the novelty of security. Always the full thing, the whole subject, the true subject, stood just behind the one you found yourself contemplating. The trick, but it wasn't a trick, was to take up at once the thing you saw and the reason you saw it as well; to always bite off more than you could chew, and then chew it. If it were self-indulgence for him to cut and polish his semiprecious memories, and yet seem like danger, like a struggle he was unfit for, then self-indulgence was a potent force, he must examine it, he must reckon with it.
Marian Keyes, Anybody Out There?|Devereaux is going with our pitch.”“Hey, that’s just great,” I said superperkily. “Wendell’s or mine?”“Yours.”“But you want to fire me. So fire me.”“We can’t fire you. They loved you. The head guy, Leonard Daly, thought you were, I quote, ‘agreat kid, very courageous’ and a natural to do a whispering campaign. He said you hadbelievability.”“That’s too bad.”“Why? You’re not quitting!”I thought about it. “Not if you don’t want me to. Do you?”Go on, say it.298 ♥elavanilla♥“No.”“No what?”“No, we don’t want you to quit.”“Ten grand more, two assistants, and charcoal suits. Take it or leave it.”Ariella swallowed. “Okay to the money, okay to the assistants, but I can’t green-light charcoalsuits. Formula Twelve is Brazilian, we need carnival colors.”“Charcoal suits or I’m gone.”“Orange.”“Charcoal.”“Orange.”“Charcoal.”“Okay, charcoal.”It was an interesting lesson in power. The only time you truly have it is when you genuinelydon’t care whether you have it or not.“Right,” I said. “I’m giving myself the rest of the day off.
Cyril Connolly, Enemies of Promise|As repressed sadists are supposed to become policemen or butchers, so those with an irrational fear of life become publishers.
Kelly Bryson, Don't Be Nice, Be Real: Balancing Passion for Self with Compassion for Others|If your creation is taking 99% perspiration, it stinks and you need more inspiration.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|Senor Sempere believed that God lives, to a smaller or greater extent, in books, and that is why he devoted his life to sharing them, to protecting them, and to making sure their pages, like our memories and our desires, are never lost.
Margaret Feinberg, The Organic God|Scripture breathes wisdom like we breathe oxygen. It can't not. Through Scripture, God reveals himself. This wisdom cannot be captured, let alone contained, on a neon bumper sticker or rubber bracelet. Wisdom itself invites us to go deeper- right into a relationship with God himself.Through wisdom, we learn to love God and love what he loves. We find rich counsel on the life we were meant for- in our families, communities, and world. We discover our personal responsibilities to others. And we unearth how to put love into action." -Organic God
Holly Hood, Polar|You took life by the horns and tried to hold on tight, for fear of being ripped to shreds, left bloodied and battered.
Amandine Roche, Nomade sur la voie d'Ella Maillart|Admirer quelqu'un, s'inspirer de son parcours, c'est avant tout grandir et devenir soi.
Peter Redgrove, The Black Goddess and the Unseen Real: Our Uncommon Senses and Their Common Sense|His (Samuel Coleridge) dark senses were constantly in play, the frustration of them bringing illness. Weather and organic nature combined in a synaesthetic multi-media event, and this was the ground of all perception before it was divded up in daily living: the Primary Imagination giving way to the Secondary. Poetry was forever seeking a conscious return to this state, which existed all the time, whether he knew it or not.
Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living|We yearn for there to be meaning to our lives, balanced with a sense of inner peace & joy.
John Crowley, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Novelty. Security. Novelty wouldn't be a bad title. It had the grandness of abstraction, alerting the reader that large and thoughtful things were to be bodied forth. As yet he had no inkling of any incidents or characters that might occupy his theme; perhaps he never would. He could see though the book itself, he could feel its closed heft and see it opened, white pages comfortably large and shadowed gray by print; dense, numbered, full of meat. He sensed a narrative voice, speaking calmly and precisely, with immense assurance building, building; a voice too far off for him to hear, but speaking. ("Novelty")
Mary Pipher, Seeking Peace: Chronicles of the Worst Buddhist in the World|Religions are metaphorical systems that give us bigger containers in which to hold our lives. A spiritual life allows us to move beyond the ego into something more universal. Religious experience carries us outside of clock time into eternal time. We open ourselves into something more complete and beautiful. This bigger vista is perhaps the most magnificent aspect of a religious experience.There is a sense in which Karl Marx was correct when he said that religion is the opiate of the people. However, he was wrong to scoff at this. Religion can give us skills for climbing up on onto a ledge above our suffering and looking down at it with a kind and open mind. This helps us calm down and connect to all of the world's sufferers. Since the beginning of human time, we have yearned for peace in the face of death, loss, anger and fear. In fact, it is often trauma that turns us toward the sacred, and it is the sacred that saves us.
Vincent H. O'Neil, Death Troupe|The words of his various writing instructors and professional mentors over the years came back to him at times like these, and he found a new understanding in their advice: Writing is rewriting. The rough draft is just that. You can’t polish what you haven’t written. Things that made for a normal life—like a daily routine that followed the sun—took a back seat to times like these, and he exulted in that change because it served as proof that his writing was indeed the most important thing in his life. It wasn’t a conscious choice on his part, like deciding to repaint the bathroom or go buy the groceries, but an overarching reallocation of his existence that was as undeniable as breathing. Day turned into night, breakfast turned into dinner, and the laptop or the writing tablet beckoned even when he was asleep. He would often awake with a new idea—as if he’d merely been on a break and not unconscious—and he would see the empty seat before the desk not as his station in some pointless assembly line, but as the pilot’s seat in a ship that could go anywhere.
John Lee Hooker|One night I was layin' down,I heard Papa talkin' to Mama,I heard Papa say to let that boy boogie-woogie.'Cause it's in him and it's got to come out.
Tetsuo Miura, Shame in the Blood|Shino looked at me straight in the eye and smiled, her face brimming with a kind of inner strength. That strength seemed to gather the beads of perspiration that glistened on her brow, then sprang from her face and leapt across to my heart with a rhythm like ripples on water.
Ron Koertge, Now Playing: Stoner & Spaz II|No wonder I want to be Robert Mitchum: big, strong, super-cool, with those Freon eyes of his. That's who I was pretending to be a minute ago - Robert Mitchum in Out of the Past. - Ben
Kelly Link, Pretty Monsters: Stories|No wizard has ever made himself useful by magic, or, if they've tried, they've only made matters worse. No wizard ever stopped a war or mended a fence. It's better that they stay in their marshes, out of the way of worldly folk like farmers and soldiers and merchants and kings.
Toni Morrison|The Nobel Prize is the best thing that can happen to a writer in terms of how it affects your contracts, the publishers, and the seriousness with which your work is taken. On the other hand, it does interfere with your private life, or it can if you let it, and it has zero effect on the writing.It doesn't help you write better and if you let it, it will intimidate you about future projects.
George Bryan Polivka|The Legend of the Firefish,first in the Trophy Chase Trilogy by George Bryan Polivka, is a winner....filled with action,adventure, danger, intrigue,surprise,suspense....The characters Polivka created are fresh and interesting....A must read for fantasy lovers, and a highly recommended drating for others who want a good story. Rebecca LuElla Miller A Christian Worldview of Fiction Website
Billy Sothern, Down in New Orleans: Reflections from a Drowned City|If people are troubled by their view, they ought to offer these New Orleanians, and black and poor people in the places like the Lower Ninth Ward around the country, a reason to believe otherwise.
Lynn Dove, Shoot the Wounded|If any accolades come in the writing of this story, all praise will be His, all Glory will rightly go to Him. If He will allow me to share some part in this, I am truly humbled.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You’re human. You can’t be a “motivational speaker” every damn day of your life. It’s okay to have dark days. Allow yourself to go there, then come back up with a gusto, like you always do. You’re an angel, but you’re also human. Don’t beat yourself up for being authentic.
Nyki Mack|I try to be a positive light in this cold dark world... if only with a few words from deep within my heart, I try
Liz  Newman, Hope Between Heartbeats|I lived for so long without you, only dreaming of the concept of you. And, now that I know you, I can't imagine going back there... to a me that didn't know your name.
Saaif Alam|Cognitive Intelligence defines a person's personality trait who utilizes critical thinking based on empirical evidence, logics and thorough understanding of the information during an intellectual argument or an educational setting where they acquire brand new concepts.
Sabrina Newby|Your obstacles are not your end. Please remember that, and try again.
Clyde Lee Dennis|You never know what's going to inspire you, until suddenly it does.
RVM|You may not be able to change people’s Actions, but you can choose your own Reactions. Always react Positively and be Happy!
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|I don't sit around waiting for passion to strike me. I keep working steadily, because I believe it is our privilege as humans to keep making things. Most of all, I keep working because I trust that creativity is always trying to find me, even when I have lost sight of it.
Farshad Asl|Motivation doesn't work, Your decisions do!
Ted Gioia, How to Listen to Jazz|Art and disease proliferate via contagion, and similar conditions favor both.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Put your ears to the ground, to the sky, to the sun and the moon... tune in to Mother Earth's sweet song. She has messages to say, knowledge to relay, inspiration to convey... there is much for you to learn. Your journey has just begun.
Saaif Alam|A definition of a term indicates its original meaning from the language the person reads, writes and speaks in daily life settings. However, an intellectual persons interpretation and perspective can modify its context so he or she can sound creative and compelling when he or she educates his or her audience by forming a connection with a particular vocabulary word scholars/ innovative thinkers would use specifically in a particular field of study.
Ron Malhotra|Attitude at work shows attitude in life. If you want to know how people are doing in their lives, watch how they perform in their work. Do they have full commitment in giving their best to whatever they do? Do they treat their very act of being involved in an activity seriously? You can see that people who work halfheartedly are the very same people who get halfhearted results in life. The truth is we are always in a game because life is a game. We either play to win or not.Those who are serious about winning are the ones who do. Most people want to have fun playing the game, but winners are the ones who want to have serious fun. The most fun you can have in anything you do is by playing to win & by winning. The irony of life is that those who are not serious about life, end up in situations that are not funny. Winning results from the intention to win. The stronger your intent to win, the more your probabilities of winning. Playing to win mindset is considered obsolete by many, but you will see that whenever two evenly matched players are competing head to head, the one who is more intent on winning is the one who does. Individuals with strong intention of winning are able to overcome tougher challenges.Intention to win is important.Play to win.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|By not stepping into your greatness, you are letting down everyone around you whom you can inspire, touch, or influence.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|If you were stranded in the ocean in a small boat with a paddle, I’d tell you to pray to God, but row for the shore!
Krist Pauwels, Your Work and Your Life: Towards a True Win-Win|The secret does not lie in the perfection of your path, but in recognizing its imperfection.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|If your beliefs are not useful to you, or they are not bringing you peace and abundance, update them!
Chelsea Clinton, It's Your World: Get Informed, Get Inspired & Get Going!|Born in 1987 in Malawi, William grew up in a village with no electricity or running water, and in a family that barely survived on the food it grew with a little left over to pay for school. After a terrible drought in 2001, William had to drop out of school because his family could no longer afford his school fees. He kept educating himself by going to the library and reading everything he could. One day, he found a book on windmills and determined he'd build one. So he did. Starting with scrap parts he found in light bulbs and radios. William built the first windmill he or his village had ever seen. And it worked, generating electricity for his family and his neighbors.Williamkamkwamba.com
Theresa Lewis|Now is the time for you to truly live again, to laugh again, to love again, and to trust again. Your season of pain and struggle has come to an end. This is your season, this is your moment, take hold of everything that God has in store for you!
Steve Maraboli|Most people talk, but say nothing. That’s ok because nobody is listening anyway. Let today be the day you stop with words and take ACTION! Shut-up and say something with your behavior... Dream. Plan. Act.
Alex Staniforth, Icefall: The True Story of a Teenager on a Mission to the Top of the World|Playing it safe might not have hurt anyone, but it wouldn’t have inspired many, either.
Liz  Newman, Hope Between Heartbeats|She chose messy, she chose wild. She chose life on her own terms.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Trying to explain feelings that are foreign to your heart, make communication daunting, even frightful. How does one express sensations that cower in the corners, fearful they will not be accepted by their inspiration?
Nicholas M. Cuono Sr., This Is His House and These Are His Rules|Ask and you shall receive, seek and you shall find'…never were any truer words spoken.
Alfa H|I am deep. therefore you can't wade in the kiddie pool and expect to find me." - Alfa"And I've never wanted to drown until now." - JmStorm
RVM|Don’t let the present pass in sorrow, hoping that the future will be full of Joy.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Your ability to make me feel like I was less than I was, took awhile to recover from. But after ripping my own self worth to shreds for so long, I realized that I wasn't less just because I was more than your inexperienced hands could handle.
Nikki Rowe|Sometimes the only way forward is to let go and sometimes those things you are forced to let go of are people and places that have been of great significance. Life is painfully uncanny like that, some moments last a lifetime whilst others have an expiry date.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I used to worry about tomorrow, but that was before I survived yesterday. Now it's one breath at a time.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|You can want, wish, and dream all day, but those that prepare, work, learn, practice, and problem-solve are the ones that find success in sports, business, music, or whatever.Back up what you want with doing the work it takes to get it.
RVM|By Sharing you don't become Poor . . . you become Rich. For the more you Share, the more shall you Receive.
Eniitan Akinola|A sound idea is a form of energy. It can not be destroyed. It evolves from inspiration, to a function of preparation, then determination - till the ideator's dream becomes actualized in real lifeAt the very least, success is a second iteration of the original, unscripted IdeaSo your idea refinement process needs to be test-drivenTestDetermine on time if investment in terms of effort and time is worth itWork SmartFail early, fail often,Success lies on the paths yet to be treaded,Open your mind,Think Disruption,Be FlexibleBe AGILEI think this is an idea worth sharing
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|It’s not about the amount of time you put in, it is the way you spend the time on the work you need to get done. Saying that you worked ten hours on something that went nowhere is not really anything to brag about.
Theresa Lewis, Rising Above Adversity: Finding God's Purpose Through Your Pain|True happiness is a gift from God, find your happy place and stay there.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You have dirty hands and dark wild eyes, but by far you are the purest heart I have ever known.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Your soul is so bohemian, free and gypsy wild. Come swim with me in the calming sea, let's be mermaids for awhile.
Mala Naidoo|Reading is air in my lungs, fire in my blood, company in my thoughts.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Once our souls collided and caught fire, there was no turning back. Love is a collision of two stars -- it's as simple and as complicated as that.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You think you know me, I've barely peeled back one layer.
Connor Chalfant|A bad dream can ruin your night, but a dream not chased can ruin your life.
Robert Trabold, Watching the River Flow By: Selected Poems|Is this what I am doing now?Watching the currents, passagesof life around me.I am not looking for books to explainmore with their words, butlistening to poets with their imagery, symbols, listening to my own feelings as Icontinue my pilgrimage in this life,pausing, watching, catching glimpsesof deeper down things.-Deeper Down Things
Tonny K. Brown|I have never seen as far, than those times I have looked through someone else's perspective.
Alice W. Flaherty, The Midnight Disease: The Drive to Write, Writer's Block, and the Creative Brain|Nonetheless, writing regularly, inspiration or no, is not a bad way to eventually get into an inspired mood; the plane has to bump along the runway for a while before it finally takes off.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|While you were busy working on your ego, she was busy working on her soul.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I don't compete against other women. To uplift others means I'm never looking down on them. I applaud their strength, and I remind them that we never know how strong we are until we are tested. And this life will test you... But it's not a competition. I want us all to make it.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Let them howl. Let the wolves pant. You have evolved. You were not fashioned to run in a pack, or to be defined by the opinions of those who wish to limit your creativity. Let them howl. Let the wolves pant.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She's not stumbling, she's not lost. She's simply romancing her inner animal and falling in love with the wild part of her soul.
Leonard Bernstein|The point is, art never stopped a war and never got anybody a job. That was never its function. Art cannot change events. But it can change people. It can affect people so that they are changed... because people are changed by art – enriched, ennobled, encouraged – they then act in a way that may affect the course of events... by the way they vote, they behave, the way they think.
Mirza Gelovani, თეთრი მიწა|ზოგჯერ დავიღლები, დამიდუნდებიან ღონიერი მკლავები, გულიც დამეღლება და საკმარისია დავფიქრდე - გადავცდე მიჯნას ჩვეულებრივს, შევხვდე პოეზიას და სილამაზეს და ქრება დაღლა. ზღაპრული სიჩქარით შუქი ავსებს ჩემს სულს...
RVM|I am the Richest man on earth because I am the Happiest man on earth. After all, isn’t Happiness the Greatest Wealth in Life?
Paul Arden, It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be|If you think you're unable to be on the cover of Time magazine, make it your business to be there.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Man be merciful, for your Maker is merciful.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Only the fear of God, can deliver us from evil.
Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth|So, fatality will play me these terrible tricks. The elements themselves conspire to overwhelm me with mortification. Air, fire, and water combine their united efforts to oppose my passage. Well, they shall see what the earnest will of a determined man can do. I will not yield, I will not retreat even one inch; and we shall see who shall triumph in this great contest - man or nature.
Mark Denman|Its not enough to just own a camera. Everyone owns a camera. To be a photographer you must understand, appreciate and harness the power you hold!
Melody Lee|Don’t be afraid of your struggles, they are making you dangerously strong and wise. They are preparing you for your superpowers. Let them happen, otherwise you’ll stay in the same damn place you’ve always been, and until you know there is so much more awesomeness in the world you’ll be content in your tiny cocoon, spinning the same circles day in and day out. Your struggles are transforming you.
RVM|Don’t just GO through life, GROW through it. For Life comes to you only once . . . never to return! Climb the Ladder of Life, step by step.
Virginia Toole|Life lessons.... You have faced me head on and still I was reluctant to learn, I looked sideways anyway but in your eyes. I refused to see , ignored the lessons .. all too much. Guess what? Now I have no choice but to open my eyes. My very survival depends on it. I have to learn to depend on me. Finally it has clicked . I am my own knight in shining armour. ' Standing up for me!
RVM|Have your own convictions. Believe in the laws of your conscience because if you believe in everything, you become nothing.
Mark Denman|Having a camera is not enough. You must understand, appreciate, and harness the power you hold!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Remember no more your misery, listen to good music.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever turns to the Lord, shall walk in the light.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Человек, который никуда не спешит, никуда не попадает.
Cathy Huges|If you allow yourself to be bogged down and lose your enthusiasm, you are dead in the water. But if you remain optimistic, cheerful and committed to your goal, there’s nothing that can stop you.
Matthew J. Murphy, REMEDY: HOW I CURED THE INCURABLE|A nurse later told me that I was her ‘”One.” Meaning, I was her one story of hope to tell others who are facing similar odds against them.
Fabian W. Williges, Lucias Aufbrüche|Was ist schon das Licht der kleinen Schreibtischlampe gegen das Licht der Sonne? Die Sonne bescheint die ganze Welt. Und Lucias Schreibtischlampe schafft es nicht mal, ein Zimmer zu erhellen. Immer wieder gibt es dunkle Ecken, die der Mensch allein nicht durchschauen kann.
Tarun Betala|If you can't write a book, write a chapter. If you can't do that, write a page, a sentence or a word. For it is from a single word that books are made.
RVM|What are you seeking? Spiritual Health or Monetary Wealth? While the latter will dissolve, the former will make you evolve!
Katherine McIntyre, Forged Alliances|They surrounded him here, but beyond, flames licked the cabins, the incendiary glow striking a similar spark inside him from the injustice they’d faced tonight.
Harrish Sairaman|People change only under two circumstances, one is called Inspiration and the other Desperation!!!! Unfortunately, both give results!
RVM|Once you say that you are perfect, it actually means you are dead, because you are killing the opportunity to improve and grow.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be yourself, be yourself.
Truman Capote|I know it's become fashionable to depict the police as sadistic Cossacks riding down innocent citizens, but I've become well enough acquainted with law-enforcement agencies across the country to know that's just not the case. Of course, a certain small percentage of policemen are irresponsible...but that doesn't justify the current unjust barrage of propaganda against a tribe of men who are hard-working, underpaid and daily risking their lives to protect us. I'm sure there are isolated instances of police brutality, but the rising crime rate and urban violence constitute a far, far more pressing problem.
Jennifer Worrell|Writing in a new style never hurt anybody. Upside: if it does, you can write about it!
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|In every possibility of a mind May you travel, yet not blind. As a head filled with imagination, Goes a heart full of gold creation, It's never late to have a dream. Nor is it so far away as it seems, And, like a rearview mirror reveals, Thus a fantasy soon becomes real. It may be closer than it appears. Or at least it will show up clear. Never give up a dream for fear!
Warren Orbaugh, El retorno del superhombre|Esta dependencia del tutelaje es auto-impuesta, pues su causa no reside en falta de razón, sino que en falta de resolución y coraje para usarla sin la dirección de otro. No se atreven a pensar por sí mismos.
Walt Disney Company, Belle's Discovery|The night before, Belle had stayed up past her bedtime, making a few changes to her doll with her father's tools. She couldn't help it. Inspiration had struck. Her father always told her that when inspiration strikes, you must grab it.
Scott Stabilele|Not everything is about you.In fact, most things aren’t.What a relief, right?
Scott Stabile|Today is a day, like every other day, brimming with possibility. A day to treat people with kindness and respect. A day to move closer to fulfilling your dreams. A day to forgive yourself for absolutely everything. A day to smile with gratitude. Today is a day, like every other day, to create the kind of life you want to live, the kind that makes you feel good and right, the kind of life you were born to realize. Today.
Scott Stabile|Of course change is hard. It has to be. It carries with it - every single time - the potential to elevate, even revolutionize your life in ways you can never truly realize until you're already transformed, safely on the other side of your resistance and fear. Change is hard, but rarely as difficult as not doing anything.Now is the time - really, right now - to start making those changes you know you need to make in your life. Dive into change, into the sea of possibility it creates, and trust that all the hard work will bring you some deeply wonderful things - like a greater sense of calm and happiness, and a truer taste of freedom.If you can’t dive in, that’s okay. Tip toe, baby step, crawl if you have to. Just keep moving forward, no matter what, into what is already becoming your new and beautiful reality.
Scott Stabile|I've wasted a lot of time in my life waiting for good things to happen, rather than acting to make them happen.What I've learned?Waiting suffocates power. Acting ignites it.Waiting feeds anxiety. Acting relaxes it. Waiting fuels boredom. Acting repels it. Waiting galvanizes fear. Acting subdues it. Your life will not change any sooner while you wait around for something new. But it just may transform at warp speed once you take action to change it. I'm tired of wasting time, of waiting time. How about you?Act, don't wait.
Nicky Verd|The more excuses you make, the less progress you make!
Amanda Linsmeier, Ditch Flowers|I feel a warmth within, as if sunshine has flooded my soul.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|There's a table with some catalogues and a guest book in the corner; there are artworks. Today, I need so badly to be inspired by them, even though I hate that word: inspiration. It crops up in too many advertisements, politcians' speeches, Disney films, its meaning obliterated. I refuse to be 'inspired' in the same insipid way that ad executives and politicians and Hollywood producers suggest I should be. What I need from these works is to be reminded of why I used to care about art—so much that I'd try and make it for myself.
RVM|Don’t just be who you are and what you are. Move, evolve, change, grow and become better each day.
Jim Fannin|The champion wins first, then walks into the arena. Everybody else walks into the arena and then tries to figure out what to do.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we desire our souls to be sanctify, we shall hunger for the Truth.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we first purify our souls, we desire to dwell in clean surroundings.
Harrish Sairaman|If you don’t act out of ‘Inspiration’, ‘Desperation’ will make you act!
Scott Stabile|It's important to work on our personal growth, and part of that work is learning, and accepting the fact that we are absolutely enough, as we are. Some of our most profound changes manifest by simply embracing who we've been all along.
Scott Stabile|A great giftwe can giveto ourselvesis a willingnessto love everyone,no matter what.This frees us completely from the toxicjustificationswe use to hate.
Scott Stabile|Share your gifts. Learn from the gifts of others.Stay open to whichever role — teacher and/or student — life is calling on you to play. And bring as much acceptance and love to each performance.When we walk through life as only a teacher, we miss out on learning from the world around us.When we walk through life as only a student, we miss out on sharing our unique vision of the world.
Scott Stabile|I am learning to accept everything about myself,even the part of me that struggles to accept everything about myself.
Scott Stabile|my beautiful friend,even on your darkest day i have benefited from the warmth of your light. and i know i’m not the only one. even when you are not consciously giving, you are still giving so much. with your openness, your kindness, your understanding. see yourself through my eyes, for just a moment. feel yourself through my heart.Allow me the honor of reflecting back to you the love you have shown me, time and again, when it was only real love, and real friendship that could have pulled me from the pain. let me take some of your pain now. I am here. I am yours. You are mine, my friend. I am grateful.
Scott Stabile|Become more committed to seeing what's right about you than you are to seeing what's wrong, and soon you'll start to feel a lot different about yourself.
Scott Stabile|He used to hide his true self because he feared people wouldn’t like him, or would judge him for being too much this and not enough that. He found himself acting like everyone else, even though his heart wanted to express itself in ways that felt different than much of what he was seeing in the world. His heart grew louder, and he longed to taste a different kind of freedom, one his mind had worked hard to contain in order to keep him feeling safe. But that safety came with a price: his authenticity. Then it occurred to him, some people would judge him no matter who he was or what he did. And that if he was going to be judged anyway, he may as well live his life as authentically as possible and at least be judged for his truth. He also knew some people would love him no matter who he was or what he did, and how much better it would feel to be loved for being real.
Scott Stabile|I’m in awe of the people who manage their difficult lives with little complaint, those who have suffered more than their fair share of pain, and understand things could have been much worse, those who take the time to be grateful for the important things, and who never give up on themselves or their lives. It's no easy feat to stay optimistic when life has shown you too much darkness, yet our world is filled with these steady, strong, resilient warriors of the light. From them, we have so much to learn.
Scott Stabile|We can't act cruelly toward others without also being negatively affected by our actions. We really are all connected, deeper than we know. If we can't be kinder to each other simply because it's the compassionate and loving way to be, the less remember that when we hurt others, we hurt ourselves, too. Every single time. Just one more reason to treat each other well.
Scott Stabile|If you’ve given your all, and it's still not working, it's likely time to move on.
Scott Stabile|She felt likee doing her part to change the world, so she started by giving thanks for all the blessings of her life, rather than bemoaning all that was missing from it. Then she complimented her reflection in the mirror, instead of criticizing it as she usually did. Next she walked into her neighborhood and offered her smile to everyone she passed, whether or not they offered theirs to her. Each day she did these things, and soon they became habit. Each day she lived with more gratitude, more acceptance, more kindnesss. And sure enough, the world around her began to change. Because she had decided so, she was single-handedly doing her part to change it
Scott Stabile|When our desire for truth outweighs our fear of change, we make choices that serve an open heart rather than a closed mind.
Colleen Ferrary Bader|Someone was recently telling me how inspirational he is to his team - apparently he mistook whether that was a good thing or bad. Turns out - they were inspired to keep him busy so he stayed out of their hair!The morale of the story - we all think we're inspirational, a great leader, know what's right, etc... If we didn't, we'd act differently. It's a true leader who listens to the real message and recognizes what they aren't.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Make your heart, your dearest home.
Scott Stabile|you are a person, not a shredder.so quit tearing yourself to shreds.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A peaceful spirit, a prosperous soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we mediate on the Scriptures, our minds shall be on Christ Jesus, the Saviour.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Stand firm, stand tall.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|All the wealth in the world is nothing, pointless - of no true value - if you yourself feel worthless.
Scott Stabile|What is true for you?What makes your heart smile?When do you feel most yourself?What do you love to do?Ask yourself these questions, and live your life, as best you can,in accordance with the answers.This is how you taste happiness.This is how you love yourself. This is how you grow.
Scott Stabile|No one else can stop us from loving ourselves, just as no one else is to blame when we don’t. I promise to stop blaming your for everything I don’t like about myself.
Camila Cabello|Believe in everything, just in case.
Scott Stabile|you get to a point when you just don’t want to be pushed anymore. pushed to pretend you’re okay with condescending behavior and disrespectful attitudes. pushed to ignore the determined yearnings of your clearest truth. pushed to engage in conversations and situations that in no way serve your state of peace. pushed to act a bogus part and clap for those who are acting theirs. pushed to be quiet and to stay small. pushed to exist rather than live. you get to a point when it’s all too much, too exhausting, too false. something must change. then you realize that the changes you crave have always been within your power to create. you realize that no one has the might to push you into anything when you are unwilling to be pushed. you realize that you, more effectively than any outside influence, have been your biggest pusher all along. so you stop—pushing and pretending and acting and shrinking. you stop it all, because you can. and you don’t waste too much time regretting that you didn’t do it sooner. you’re suddenly much too busy living your life for such silly regrets.
Scott Stabile|Today, I choose not to take my life for granted.I choose not to look upon the fact that I am healthy, have food in my refrigerator and have clean water to drink as givens. They are not givens for so many people in our world. The fact that I am safe and (relatively) sane are not givens. That I was born into a family who loves me and into a country not ravaged by war are not givens. It is impossible to name all of the circumstances in my life I've taken for granted. All of the basic needs I've had met, all of the friendships and job opportunities and financial blessings and the list, truly, is endless. The fact that I am breathing is a miracle, one I too rarely stop to appreciate.I'm stopping, right now, to be grateful for everything I am and everything I've been given. I'm stopping, right now, to be grateful for every pleasure and every pain that has contributed to the me who sits here and writes these words.I am thankful for my life. This moment is a blessing. Each breath a gift. That I've been able to take so much for granted is a gift, too. But it's not how I want to live—not when gratitude is an option, not when wonder and awe are choices.I choose gratitude. I choose wonder. I choose awe. I choose everything that suggests I'm opening myself to the miraculous reality of simply being alive for one moment more.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|Tear filled eyes glisten in the firelight. She’s so fucking beautiful that it hurts to look at her, but it’s an ache I hope to feel for as long as I live, because the pain of losing her again...that I don’t think I’d survive.
Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.|I believe in the simple things--the classic beginning of once upon a time, that good conquers evil in the end, fantasy and fate. My life is that of wondrous enchantment, a place of endless possibilities and dreams, where inspiration is found in the oddest of places. I aspire to inspire, and someday I will change the world,
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|I highly recommended running through grassy trails in the rain. There is a haven of serenity out in nature, the sound of raindrops and the scent of flowers, the feeling of the water along my skin. Even in the middle of a busy city and an insane world, there is beauty everywhere. All we have to do is pause long enough to notice.
Scott Stabile|You don’t have to do the same things you’ve always done, if it no longer feels good to do them. Give yourself permission to try something different, something new. Give yourself permission to break away from routine and obligation. Permission to explore, and to soar.
Scott Stabile|You can’t do everything for everyone, not even for yourself. It’s okay to ask for help when you need it.
Scott Stabile|I used to listen to all the voices in my head that told me I wasn’t good enough, or that I would fail if I tried, or that everyone would judge me harshly for my truth. I used to let one fear or the other dictate how I chose to live my life. Not surprisingly, my life didn’t change much. I spent a lot of time with regret, and thinking about what could have been. I found myself wishing I’d at least tried to do some of the things I’d been so afraid to do. So I began to. I made the choice to hear all the fearful critics in my head without actually listening to them. I gave them a voice, but no longer a say. I had given all the power to my fear, after all, so it was within me to take it away. And my entire life changed, as every life does once we insist that our fears take a backseat to our courage and desire. Fear may not be a choice, but the commitment to take brave action, despite our fears, is always there for the choosing. I spent enough time obeying my fears. Too much time. Now I listen to different voices, the ones reminding me that no matter what happens, no matter what people think, the great potential of my life, and joy, lives within my commitment to live my life beyond my fear.
Scott Stabile|My fear whispered to me, I am just trying to protect you.I whispered back, I know, but I’m stronger than you think.
Scott Stabile|Sometimes I act like I have my shit together more than I do. Sometimes I act like I don’t have my shit together as much as I do. I’m done acting. I’d rather just be okay with however together my shit is at the time, and still do my best to show up, as I am.
Scott Stabile|I see you. I see your strength and courage, your hesitations and fears. I see the way you love others, and your struggle to love yourself.I see how hard you work to grow, and your dedication to heal. I see your vulnerable humanity, and your transcendent divinity.I see you, and I love what I see.
Scott Stabile|Why not to choose to believe in yourself, just to see what happens?
Life Coach. Michael Mnyameni|To every problem you encounting, there is an answer within it.
RVM|Don't just Hurry, don't just Haste. Don't just Worry, don't just Waste. Life is a Treasure, Enjoy the Pleasure.
Scott Stabile|Our difference are beautiful yet sometimes connection requires us to focus on our similarities, like the fact that we are all trying, all struggling, all wanting to be seen and to be loved. Perhaps if we start there, with this basic understanding of what it means to be alive, we will grow in our connection to one another and learn to love the beautiful difference that embody our improbable human reality.
Scott Stabile|I know it’s hard sometimes to recognize how truly beautiful you are, and how truly worthy of love you have always been and will always be. It’s hard sometimes to see the truth of your divinity amidst the closed, judgmental opinions of the outside world, and of your own critical mind. But your beauty and your worthiness have nothing to do with anyone’s opinions, or anyone’s mind, not even your own. Your real truth lives in the heart, and your heart, as big and open and generous as it is, will never stop marveling at your stunning existence.
Scott Stabile|Um, enough apologies, okay?Just get on with being your badass self.
Scott Stabile|We can’t always be as brave as we want or need to be. We don’t always make the harder choice, the one we know we need to make in order to change things for real. Sometimes we give in to our fear. We choose known over unknown, comfort over uncertainty. Even though that’s often not ideal—to create our lives from fear—it’s definitely human. And, it’s okay. Our courage doesn’t suddenly disappear just because we choose to ignore it. It may hide for a bit and make us work a little harder for its attention, but it’s always there within us. We are born courageous, after all. Beautiful and brave. Whenever we get tired of playing at life with fear’s rules, at last determined to change things for real, our courage will be there—ready, able, excited for us to let it do its thing.
Scott Stabile|I had to break to pieces, so I could reassemble even stronger.
Scott Stabile|Listen to me, you’ve got this. Seriously, you’ve got this.
Scott Stabile|Option A:Spend your life trying to get others to accept you.Option B:Accept yourself, and spend your life with others who recognize what a beauty you are.
Scott Stabile|Compassion grows in the recognition that we are all the same.If you can’t see some part of yourself in every single person you encounter, then you’re not looking closely enough, at the person or at yourself.
Scott Stabile|We are all many things. Sometimes people get used to us being the one thing they most expect from us, and they don't know how to handle the other many things we are and have to offer. This is not our limitation to own. Let's be whatever many things our heart calls us to be. There's not a lot of consistency in freedom, aside from fluid movement among the many things we are. And that's a mighty beautiful thing.
Scott Stabile|Everything is not a competition. In fact, nothing is, unless we make it so. Let's stand with, not against each other. We're all bringing our own magic to this world. It's not about "greater than" or "less than.”We can’t be in competition with each other if we just refuse to compete.
Scott Stabile|It's easy to waste too many words—and too much energy—on nonsense we don't even care about. What a relief it is to start giving time and energy to what matters most (whatever that is for you). We choose what gets our attention. Why not choose things that are worthy of it?When he chose only to speak about things he absolutely believed, knew to be true, or really cared about, he was delighted by how much less talking he needed to do.
Scott Stabile|With each day that passes, it becomes more and more clear that the most true way to make it through this life is with the deepest possible commitment to compassion and a relentless dedication to love.
Scott Stabile|Love is not quiet.Love is loud and clear. Love makes noise for justice, against all injustice,and never forgets those most vulnerable.I am seeing, more clearly than ever,what Love demands,and I will do my best to answer its callwith conviction, and an open heart for all.
Scott Stabile|A few things to remember:You are beautiful, just as you are. You are as worthy as anyone who has ever lived. Your voice doesn't just matter but is needed.Your love makes a profound difference.Your compassion serves us all.We are family.We'll figure that out someday,with a lot of dedication and hard work.It will be worth it.I love you.
Elite Summaries, Summary of MONEY Master The Game: 7 Simple Steps to Financial Freedom by Tony Robbins | Includes Analysis|Remember: we’re drowning in information, but we’re starving for wisdom.
Scott Stabile|beyond the hurtbeyond the angerbeyond the blamebeyond the judgmentbeyond the expectationbeyond all of the noisethere is just love.If you stop before you’ve made your way to love, then you haven’t gone far enough.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Show Love to the Snake and it will Bite you at the End, Because, hatred and enmity toward Humanity is in its DNA
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whatever lies in the soul, can never be stolen.
Kami Garcia & Margaret Stohl|Fire is loud, full of rage and chaos and destruction.
Scott Stabile|Hey, Beautiful…There is room for all that you are and everything you have to offer our world.Share yourself.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Consistency is what produces Results, not Complacency. WATCH OUT!
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|God Doesn’t Take Delight in Earthly Sacrifices Without Spiritual Connotation, but He Takes Pleasure in Total Submission
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|There are three sources of belief: reason, custom, inspiration.
Kenny Porpora, The Autumn Balloon|I’d like them to appreciate the power of the individual—and I don’t mean me; I mean the power each person has to make choices and be accountable for himself or herself. I’ve noticed that people are quick to put you in a category—if you come from this place then you are that thing. But I’ve never placed much value in statistics and trends, bar graphs and socioeconomic data that sum people up. I stop listening when somebody asks me if I know what my chances are. I don’t know that I believe in probability. People are inexplicable and incomprehensible, and nobody really knows what’s possible until they try. I prefer the exceptions to the rules. I like people who try, even when their chances are zero.
quotewriter|Life is not others' perception about you, but what you experience within.
RVM|Days are like trains, they will just zoom by. You can be zapped seeing them pass or you can jump on to one of them and enjoy the Journey.
RVM|Decide to be HAPPY when you start your day. Commit to put JOY in whatever comes your way. You may be hurt by what people say, but don’t let anyone spoil your Day.
Rakesh Vemulawada|I cut fake people faster than Bugatti reaches its 100 miles speed. I often tell myself, this is called "Art of Living".
Scott Stabile|There is so much we’ll likely never agree on, but can we at least agree to be respectful and kind to each other anyway.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Real Women are not Weak but are Wonderers, they Propel Men to Greatness
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Marriage is not a Current Account but a Savings Account, you got to be Patient enough
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Real Women make an impact, they are Irresistible
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|A real Woman has the Spirit of Discernment, she's a critical thinker
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever pray, shall have a pure thought.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|When the Holy Spirit moves, your family smiles
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|When the Holy Spirit moves, there is Supernatural Accomplishment
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|The best Gift a man can get from God is a noble wife, trust me, everything is possible!
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Believing in Jesus prevent you from failing and missing the true end and scope of life, which is God
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Don't be envious of the Success of others, but let it be your Motivation to thrive
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|The true meaning of Religion is to Love God and Man, Hatred is out of the Equation
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|If you want to know how much you love God, check your Tolerance level regarding Race and Religion.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|No matter your Knowledge, Power, Fame or Wealth, Tommorrow is always a Mystery
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Knowledge, Power, Fame, and Wealth cannot give you Eternal life but Salvation will
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|A Gaint can easily fall to the level of an Ant but, an Anit can't rise to the level of a Gaint
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|There are a lot of voices in the world causing confusion however, the Voice of the Holy Spirit is still Unique
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Allergy is not all the time bad, Am Allergic to the Holy Spirit, it makes me want more of God.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|You can't argue with Results, stop talking and Prove with Results
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|The Unction is given to Function, not to Misfunction
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|It takes people with Vision to be in company with someone with a Mission, in Conviction
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|The truth is like Light, it can never be Hidden. Is a matter of time
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Agape Love is a Revolution, it has no Strings attached
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Experience and Demonstrate the Agape Love, is far more than Gold - Go for it
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|You Mirror maybe a Mirage, so watch-out!
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Marriage is not about 'I' or 'You', but 'Us'. The former is a Fallacy
Scott Stabile|Wait. Take your foot off the pedal. Instead, let your creativity drive you.
Saaif Alam|Popularity does not happen overnight with a blink of an eye. It takes time, effort and creative knowledge to reach that particular goal in life.
Anthony T. Hincks|Inspiration comes from not only within ourselves, but also from watching life around us.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Thirst is the aim for quest,It keeps inspiring to find more and more;Otherwise, satisfied we would sit,And lazily rest on the shore!
Nikita Tak, The First SIp Of My Morning Coffee|If human brain is like the world, then positive thinking must be the size of mountain, and negative thinking must be the size of mustard seed and not vice versa.
Scott Stabile|The most important thing in life is actually pretty simpleJust love, beyond every instinct there is not toThings will happen then. Good things
Scott Stabile|Yes, I'm a fan of living some part of each day with my head in the clouds.
Scott Stabile|The most beautiful thing I've ever seen I'm likely to see again and again in countless forms. Ah, thank you life.
Scott Stabile|I love when my mind focuses on how wonderful I am and lets all the other (less generous) thoughts recede into the background. You're wonderful too, by the way. Way wonderful.
Scott Stabile|We have to figure out a kinder way to connect with each other, and practice at it every day. Make it a think we love to do. One of our favorite things, in fact. Until it becomes our only way of being.
Scott Stabile|Trust and be patient. You are making it happen, in your own way, it its own time.
Scott Stabile|a wish... that we may, each of us, with utter regularity, melt into the truth of our inescapable beauty.
RVM|A problem-free life does not exist. If your life has no problems, you are not truly alive, and that’s a Big problem!
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|If you have not suffered opposition in the journey of life, then, you are not real.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|In God, the majority is not always right, enter through the narrow gate
Wisdom Kwashie Mensah|The world is waiting for you, never give up on your dream(s). Arise and make an impact, there are people who are just waiting for your story which will give them a turn around in their lives. It can be the message of the gospel, motivation, inspiration, etc. You need to spread that message, you CAN'T KEEP it to yourself. I dare you to Make a Difference
Jennifer Coletta|In order to succeed, you must first dream.
ANIKOR Daniel|I don’t want to write something that you will need one all; I work on what will give continuous inspiration, I work for divine excellence.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You have nothing to lose, only to live.
ANIKOR Daniel|Tomorrow will meet those who do not prepare for it as a surprise...when talking with my son, 18th April, 2016
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|The greatest work of Art, is life. The greatest calling, lifting, sharing that Art. May these hands, this heart, complete its work,mixed in company,and laughter,within the capsule of time gifted,on the canvas one may fill.
RVM|The Power of Intuition is not Magic, but pure Logic for those who let it burst from their Inspiration!
Scott Stabile|A little creativity can make something ordinary, extraordinary, and something extraordinary that much more so.
Scott Stabile|No matter what's going on, I keep coming back to the one intention that makes the most sense:Just love.
Scott Stabile|We’re all going through shit.Each one of us, in our own way.Let’s remember that, when we see each other on the street,in stores, at work, and at home. Everywhere.Being human comes with lots of complications and probably too many hardships. We all struggle.So let’s be good to one another, and cut each other some slack.
Scott Stabile|It is love, has been love, will always be love that makes the biggest difference in our world.
Stefan Emunds, Holistic Self-realization|Your heart will challenge you, but also reward you beyond your wildest dreams.
Nina Hrusa|We suddenly arrived in this very lost and strange city. Somewhere in the middle of the mountains. We didn't know where we are. We were just heading back to the sea. When we walked trough the forgotten city in silence, something inside us changed. We lost a bit of ourselves too and gained space for something new.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Rather than being incensed by the nature of the bruise, maybe we should be inspired by the possibilities in the bruise.
Robin Sacredfire|One of the biggest surprises my students always had in their exams, which made some angry and others, few, very happy, was to realize I always allow multiple correct answers, and also saw as correct many answers that I didn't predict to receive. The reason I do this, is because life works in the same way. If I do as other teachers, and only allow one correct answer, then students will never really have a chance at understanding how life works. Because it's never about the answer, it’s all about the intention in the answer, and that intention puts the teacher in a completely different position, with which most aren't comfortable. That’s why I was never surprised to hear from students, including in their final year of college, that they had never met any other teacher like me in their entire life. They also knew that they very likely never will. But very few among these students are brave enough to look at the portals to higher dimensions of conscience that open before their eyes, either they’re confronting them from one perspective or another. And I wonder if any of these students will one day present the same opportunities they got from me to others. These portals represent amazing opportunities for the ones with the courage to see them and cross them. But only a very powerful person possesses the power to open one for others. And if you think that person is what it seems, you will neglect the magician hiding behind the illusion of the teacher in front of you. You see, I was never teaching, I was always creating magic in the classroom. The ones looking for the teaching, got confused, the ones looking at the lecturer were hypnotized by the illusion, and those that really saw what was happening, were uplifted. Among thousands of them, one or two have acquired the skills to be magicians themselves. They are now performing the same kind of magic they learned from me wherever they go.
Lailah Gifty Akita|New morning, new moment of miracles.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is full of beauty, when we focus on the bliss of being.
RVM|Things will happen. You can't stop them from happening, but you can control your reaction from making things worse. React Positively. Live Happily.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|If I can give one bit of advice to any drama major, high school theater kid, or inmate who is reading this in a prison library with dreams of being cast in he prison play, its this: write your own part. It is the only way I've gotten anywhere. It is much harder work, but sometimes you ave to take destiny into your own hands.
Nihaarika Singh|If Life was like a movie, then I'd replay it again and again to relive my happiest memories.
NMO|Kita tidak perlu jadi hebat, kita sudah dilahirkan hebat. Yakin & teruskan perjalanan!
Max McKeown, #NOW: The Surprising Truth About the Power of Now|If you don't start, you're finished.
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|Mark it. No challenges, no success!
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|In your anger, zip your lips!
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|Big or small, sin is sin!
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|Change is uncomfortable, but it’s helpful!
RVM|People are like pistachios. Some of them open up easily, but there are others who need to be really broken to get into.
Haylyn Quill, The Delectable Habit of Losing Weight: How to successfully commit to your weight loss goals|When they cut me open, I want them to say, “Damn! This woman ate well.
Lorri Faye|Sometimes change isn't what we want, but it might be what we need. Not everything is meant to last forever.
Frank Zappa|Well, in this world of basic stereotyping, give a guy a big nose and some weird hair and he is capable of anything.
Amy E. Reichert, The Coincidence of Coconut Cake|Lou hoisted up her gown and winced as she tottered across the parking lot. The sparkly four-inch heels had looked so pretty in the box, but they felt like a mortar and pestle grinding each bone in her foot. She missed her green Crocs.Lou plucked at the tight elastic, squeezing her under the sleek black dress her fiancé, Devlin, had given her. He walked five steps ahead of her, so she scurried to catch up."Overstuffed truffle and foie gras sausage," Lou said.Devlin's face crinkled in confusion. "What?""It's a new dish, inspired by how I feel in these clothes. Maybe served over brown butter dumplings..." Lou tilted her head, visualizing the newly formed meal.
RVM|Within us is Energy which when channelized, spirals into Inspiration.
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|Where love germinates, peace is harvested!
Ashlee Willis, A Wish Made of Glass|Do not lose your heart," she said. What she did not tell me was that the surest way to lose it was to hold it tight.
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|When it is late, everyone cares!
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Don't open up doors you won't have the strength later to close, be mindful of the acts you enable.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|There's no way you can wake up today, only to repeat yesterday's routine, and except better results tomorrow. Change is a must or growth is impossible.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Nothing can enslaved us, if we free in our minds.
RVM|There are many who live Life in Fear, without taking risks. They don’t take chances. Alas! Not only are they missing chances, they are missing Life itself!
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|God’s at work, lightening every load!
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|Life is power, don’t abuse it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|Soon, the pain will be over!
St. Augustine of Hippo|Bad times, hard times, this is what people keep saying; but let us live well, and times shall be good. We are the times: Such as we are, such are the times.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...I have had a remarkable experience. In the past the prophetic voice to which I have become accustomed has always been my constant companion, opposing me even in quite trivial things if I was going to take the wrong course. Now something has happened to me, as you can see, which might be thought and is commonly considered to be a supreme calamity; yet neither when I left home this morning, nor when I was taking my place here in court, nor at any point in any part of my speech did the divine sign oppose me. In other discussions it has often checked me in the middle of a sentence; but this time it has never opposed me in any part of this business in anything that I have said or done. What do I suppose to be the explanation? I will tell you. I suspect that this thing that has happened to me is a blessing, and we are quite mistaken in supposing death to be an evil. I have good grounds for thinking this, because my accustomed sign could not have failed to oppose me if what I was doing had not been sure to bring some good result.
Victoria Schwab, Our Dark Duet|I am a man, not a movement,” he said. “But if a movement is what it takes to end this war, then I will play my part.
Alice Munro, Runaway|Few people, very few, have a treasure, and if you do you must hang on to it. You must not let yourself be waylaid and have it taken from you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Sometimes, people don’t need our monies and our treasures. All they need is our encouragements to give them hope.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Leave the past behind. Give privacy your future . Body and mind in yours now. Perceive the world around you, feel the world inside.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without repentance, there is no remission of sins.
RVM|Very often, we let little things spoil some of our most important treasures—our Moment, our Day, our Life.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|When you decide to become consistent, you are telling yourself that 'I will never make another excuse again.' You have to commit to it, and most importantly believe in yourself.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|It may take some time to figure out, but eventually it'll dawn upon you that there isn't a blueprint for life and that we are actually sketching as we go.
Charlotte Eriksson|You have to believe that your voice can mean something. You have to believe that what you do matters. And you have to keep going even on days you can't find that belief. If you can't do it for yourself, you do it for all the other young souls who need to be shown that things are possible. That they too can do that thing they dream of. You do it despite the doubts and the struggles. You do it because it's what you came here to do.That's what makes an artist.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|Waiting was the part of the criminal life so many people got wrong. They wanted to act instead of hold fast and gather information. They wanted to know instantly without having to learn. Sometimes the trick to getting the best of a situation was just to wait. If you didn't like the weather, you didn't rush into the storm - you waited until it changed. You found a way to keep from getting wet.
Ratish Edwards|Wonderful YouLove you for being so meaningful, i my meaningless life,Love you for being so true, even when my life was a complete lie,Love you for being so strong, when i was weak within,Love you for being so natural, when i was being artificial,Love you for being an end to my pain ,Love you for being the strength that i regain,Love you for all the colors in life,Love you for all that matters in my life,Love you for being my power,Love you for being my saver,
Rob Sheffield, Talking to Girls About Duran Duran: One Young Man's Quest for True Love and a Cooler Haircut|We want to freeze the perfect moment, hold on to it, at least long enough to understand it. But it dances on with us or without us, so we jump in and try to keep up. The universe is expanding and we are just two of a billion stars.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The gospel opens our heart to the goodness of God,
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is no greater poverty, than poverty of the mind.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With God, there is no burden beyond the strength of endurance.
François Gravel, La Piste Sauvage|Je suis content que tu aies trouvé ton livre, Steve. Tout le monde y arrive, un jour ou l'autre. Il faut parfois en lire dix, cent ou mille, mais on finit toujours par le dénicher. Enfin, presque toujours. Certains abandonnent avant de l'avoir trouvé, malheureusement...
Katie Hess, Flowerevolution: Blooming into Your Full Potential with the Magic of Flowers|When we’re in nature, we move toward what elicits our best qualities. When we need a boost of confidence, joy, courage, or love, we’re attracted to those flowers that evoke those qualities within us. After spending time around trees and flowers, we actually feel different; we can feel all kinds of positive qualities rising up within us. Those qualities are already within us, but it’s being in nature that wakes up those feelings inside us and remind us—with a visceral experience—of who we are.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|If you're taking something from people around you, take "Inspiration", not their "Character" that you've already got your own. Always be yourself.
Steven Magee|If I am looking for inspiration, then I read the religious scriptures.
Dale Carnegie|If you're wrong, admit it!
Mike Massimino, Spaceman: An Astronaut's Unlikely Journey to Unlock the Secrets of the Universe|My childhood dream came true, but now I have a new one. I dream that some of these young people, while they're out there clicking around, maybe they'll find out about this book and find a way to get their hands on it - and when they do, they'll know that even if you're a skinny kid from Long Island who's scared of heights, if you dream of walking among the stars you can do it. They'll know that finding a purpose, being dedicated to the service of others and to a calling higher than yourself, that is what's truly important in life. They'll be able to close their eyes and imagine what it's like in space, and when they open them again, they'll look up at the sun and the moon and the Milky Way and see them with the sense of awe and wonder that they deserve.And those young boys and girls, whatever their space dream is, they'll go for it. Whatever hurdles are in their way, they'll get past them. When they fall down, they'll get back up. They'll keep going and going, working harder and harder and running faster and faster until one day, before they know it, they'll find themselves flying through the air. The hand of a giant science fiction monster will reach down and grab them by the chest and hurl them up and up and up, out to the furthest limits of the human imagination, where they'll take the next giant leap of the greatest adventure mankind has ever known.
Zig Ziglar|You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Let these words be your guide; money or no money, houses or no houses, cars or no cars, never turn down the divine assignment of God for your life. Become an inspiration to another life through good service and healthy relationship.
Marguerite Bennett, DC Comics: Bombshells, Vol. 1: Enlisted|We were taught to be good, and we were taught to be careful. But in this world, sometimes, I do not think we can be the two at once.
Muhammad Iqbal, Baal-e-Jibreel|Diyar-e-Ishq Mein Apna Maqam Paida Kar,Naya Zamana, Naye Subah-o-Sham Paida Kar;Khuda Agar Dil-e-Fitrat Shanas De Tujh Ko,Sakoot-e-Lala-o-Gul Se Kalaam Paida Kar;Mera Tareeq Ameeri Nahin, Faqeeri Hai,Khudi Na Baich, Ghareebi Mein Naam Paida KarBuild in love’s empire your hearth and your home;Build Time anew, a new dawn, a new eve!Your speech, if God give you the friendship of Nature,From the rose and tulip’s long silence weaveThe way of the hermit, not fortune, is mine;Sell not your soul! In a beggar’s rags shine.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Through many tributions, we begin to search for the truth.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Freely we received, freely we give.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We can do no good, without God's grace,
Lailah Gifty Akita|Learn, learn.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read, we shall renew our minds.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we reflect, we shall recognize.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I have shed many tears.I have been broken in my spirit.But through it all, God's grace have lifted my soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You can only write well ,what you have lived.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Meditation is the energy of the mind,
Joyce Rachelle|If you can't write, read.If you can't read, walk.Or walk and read, then write.
Peter Abbs, Against the Flow: The Arts, Postmodern Culture and Education|Paradoxically, our imperial global Anglo-American language is dull with the glitter of its own decay. In response, the new meta- physical poet might consider the following cleansing strategies: keep faith with the canonical writers of the past, study Homeric Greek, excavate etymologies, embrace threatened languages, practice the fine art of translation, listen regularly to the musical flow of the breath and the beat of the heart, switch off the television, become a votary of silence.Here lies the beginning of freedom.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Serve, serve.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Sacrifice, sacrifice.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Submit, Submit.
Dee Waldeck|Dreams show us our infinate desires in life. If you dream it, you can achieve it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Who can redeem us from our sins? ONLY the Saviour, Jesus Christ.
Eleanor Brownn|Self care is any action you purposefully take to improve your physical, emotional or spiritual well being. Too often, we do not make time for sufficient self care because we’re too busy taking care of others. Life’s demands at home, in our community and at work can take our lives out of balance. Self care can be getting more rest, eating healthier food, spending more time in thoughtful reflection, being kinder to yourself, smiling more, playing, or engaging in any activity that renews you. By making time for self care, you prepare yourself to be your best so you can share your gifts with the world. You cannot serve from an empty vessel. © 2017 Eleanor Brownn eleanorbrownn.com
Alexandra Silber|And life can have its way with me. It won't break me. Neither you nor me. That determined faith in our own resilience is our only weapon against the cynical, the weak, those who talk of honor but do not practice the word they so loudly and vigorously screech.
Dalai Lama, Art of Happiness|Compassion can be roughly defined in terms of a state of mind that is nonviolent, non-harming, and nonaggressive. It is a mental attitude based on the wish for others to be free of their suffering and is associated with a sense of commitment, responsibility, and respect towards others.
Seema Brain Openers|No matter what is your name, gender, race and nationality, you too are fully capable in turning your dreams into realities.
Jonathan Tesch|To get over a mountain, you have to climb it.
Saravana Kumar Murugan, Coffee Date|Life of a software engineer sucks big time during project release. Every single team member contribution is very important. At times, we have to skip breakfast, lunch and even dinner, just to make sure the given ‘TASK’ is completed. Worst thing, that’s the time we get to hear wonderful F* words. It can be on conference calls or on emails, still we have to focus and deliver the end product to a client, without any compromise on quality. Actually, every techie should be saluted. We are the reason for the evolution of Information Technology. We innovate. We love artificial intelligence. We create bots and much more. We take you closer to books. Touch and feel it without the need of carrying a paperback. We created eBook and eBook reader app: it’s basically a code of a software engineer that process the file, keeps up-to-date of your reading history, and gives you a smoother reading experience. We are amazing people. We are more than a saint of those days. Next time, when you meet a software engineer, thank him/her for whatever code he/she developed, tested, designed or whatever he/she did!
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|The opposite of "never enough" isn't abundance or "more than you could ever imagine." The opposite of scarcity is enough...
Alex Prud'Homme, My Life in France|What impressed me most was how hard [Julia Child] worked, how devoted she was to the "rules" of la cuisine française while keeping herself open to creative exploration, and how determined she was to persevere in the face of setbacks. Julia never lost her sense of wonder and inquisitiveness. She was, and is, a great inspiration.
Allan Walsh|Why wait to get old and dream about the things you could have done, when you can start now and look back on the things you did.
Anthea Syrokou, Eventually Julie|You don't have to live in a mansion to be happy. All you need is to create the right space; something that says this is who you are, and you can always change who you are, just as you change your environment.
RVM|Although, we know that our earthly journey will end soon, we continue chasing millions which we finally have to leave behind.
Wayne Gretzky|I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been.
Henry Ford|Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we are grateful, we shall be glad.
Simi Sunny|Even though I'm an ordinary writer, I too, have trouble when it come to writing along the way. But at least I manage to self-publish my book with no errors (hopefully). Just check out Agatha Christie, an author who also has a learning disability. She managed to be succesful. And I hope that I would be successful as her and Abishek Bachan.
Roy Lorfing|Science, without Relgion is blind. Relgion without Science is a frightened child".____Roy Lorfing, 1980
Bogdan Vaida|If you only show me a part of you, I'll only love that part.
John jide|The best you can offer is to be for God, the good you can do is to help fellow human beings and the result of this can be to greatness with sincerity together with integrity.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|What is the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable? How very odd, to believe God gave you life, and yet not think that life asks more of you than watching TV.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|What do you mean, You have No Dreams?The Truth is, you have No Courage.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|The Brain Size of People who see Big Dreams, is same as of Yours.
Henry de Monfreid|N'ayez jamais peur de la vie, n'ayez jamais peur de l'aventure, faites confiance au hasard, à la chance, à la destinée. Partez, allez conquérir d'autres espaces, d'autres espérances. Le reste vous sera donné de surcroît.
Tony Curl|I'm not convinced that the universe is balanced. Maybe for the universe to be balanced, first we need to be balanced, becauseit's only then can balance really be delivered. I'm pretty sure if I view the world as a bitter, twisted individual, all I will meet are other bitter, twisted people. When I acknowledge my emtions, but embrace awareness I find balance. When I fight my emotions I find imbalance.
RVM|To reach your Destination, you need a Direction, but you can't get there without Inspiration!
Rasheed Ogunlaru|In business, sport, entertainment and beyond an idea is worth next to nothing. The energy, effort, passion, talent, tenacity, strategy, resilience and resourcefulness to see it through and make something of it is worth everything.
Steve Maraboli|If not for tragedy, tyrants, and injustice, there would be nothing to awaken and inspire dormant heroes. There is always a balance. Always.
David Baldacci, The Collectors|She glanced around at the tombstones. “You’re surrounded by death here. Way too depressing. You really might want to think about getting another job.”“You see death and sadness in these sunken patches of dirt, I see lives lived fully and the good deeds of past generations influencing the future ones.
RVM|You don't judge a tree by the name it Wears, you judge a tree by the fruit it Bears.
Avijeet Das|If only thy eyes flutter once, the bees lose their direction and the fighting men their aim!
Alin Sav|The problem is, we always want to pay the prices we can afford.
Brené Brown,|Rather than risking feeling disappointed, they’re choosing to live disappointed.
Sharon Pywell, The Romance Reader's Guide to Life|The route to our highest hopes tends to run right through some dark, booby-trapped places. A girl needs a map and a light to steer her; she might need a flamethrower or a cannon as well. She might need a pirate lover.
Blaque Diamond|Just because someone tells you that you will never amount to anything doesn't mean you have to prove them right. Prove them wrong by succeeding. There is no sweeter revenge than making someone eat their words. Even if they don't admit they're wrong about you, you will know.
Héctor Abad Faciolince, La oculta|..."la ficción es casi siempre copia de la realidad, o es exageración de la misma, o disimulo de lo que si ha ocurrido".
RVM|Birds Fly in the Sky, because they don't know how to Cry! They know just one thing, to Sing!
Kevin Abdulrahman, The Book on What Ever You're Into: These Are the 52 Timeless Winning Truths You Need to Know to Have a Chance at Winning|See it in yourself, and the world will follow suit. Believe in you.
Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt, La Nuit de feu|Face au questionnement sur l'existence de Dieu, se présentent trois types d'individus honnêtes, le croyant qui dit: «Je ne sais pas mais je crois que oui», l'athée qui dit: «Je ne sais pas mais je crois que non», l'indifférent qui dit : «Je ne sais pas et je m'en moque.»L'escroquerie commence chez celui qui clame: «Je sais !» Qu'il affirme : «Je sais que Dieu existe» ou «Je sais que Dieu n'existe pas», il outrepasse les pouvoirs de la raison, il vire à l'intégrisme ... En notre siècle où, comme jadis, on tue au nom de Dieu, il importe de ne pas amalgamer les croyants et les imposteurs : les amis de Dieu restent ceux qui le cherchent, pas ceux qui parlent à Sa place en prétendant L'avoir trouvé.
Roman Payne|Scent is such a powerful tool of attraction, that if a woman has this tool perfectly tuned, she needs no other. I will forgive her a large nose, a cleft lip, even crossed-eyes; and I’ll bathe in the jouissance of her intoxicating odour.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Binds|I once took a city with five men and a lame goat. If I can do that, you can convince the necromancers to pledge themselves to you. Do this or die.
Roman Payne|I’d loved women who were old and who were young; those extra kilos and large rumps, and others so thin there was barely even skin to pinch, and every time I held them, I worried I would snap them in two. But for all of these: where they had merited my love was in their delicious smell. Scent is such a powerful tool of attraction, that if a woman has this tool perfectly tuned, she needs no other. I will forgive her a large nose, a cleft lip, even crossed-eyes; and I’ll bathe in the jouissance of her intoxicating odour.
Blaque Diamond|Never be defeated by roadblocks life throws in your way. Instead, conquer them. You are much stronger than you give yourself credit for.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Cultivation of positive emotions, including self-love and self-respect, strengthens our inner resources and opens us to a broader range of thoughts and actions.
Brian de Haaff, Lovability: How to Build a Business That People Love and Be Happy Doing It|Your principles are your true north because they instruct how you will handle every situation, especially when there is no easy choice.
Robert M. Pirsig|An alternative — and better — definition of reality can be found by naming some of its components: air, sunlight, wind, water, the motion of waves, the patterns of clouds before a coming storm. These elements, unlike 20th-century office routines, have been here since before life appeared on this planet, and they will continue long after office routines are gone. They are understood by everyone, not just a small segment of a highly advanced society. When considered on purely logical grounds, they are more real than the extremely transitory lifestyles of the modern civilization the depressed ones want to return to.If this is so, then it follows that those who see sailing as an escape from reality have their understanding of sailing and reality backward. Sailing is not an escape, but a return to and a confrontation of a reality from which modern civilization is itself an escape. For centuries, man suffered from the reality of an Earth that was too dark or too hot or too cold for his comfort, and to escape this he invented complex systems of lighting, heating and air conditioning.Sailing rejects these and returns to the old realities of dark and heat and cold. Modern civilization has found radio, television, movies, nightclubs and a huge variety of mechanized entertainment to titillate our senses and help us escape from the apparent boredom of the Earth and the Sun, the wind and the stars. Sailing returns to these ancient realities.
Kirk Mango, Becoming a True Champion: Achieving Athletic Excellence from the Inside Out|Big dreamers don't always accomplish big things; however, big accomplishments always come from big dreams.
RVM|True Happiness doesn't come from Prosperity, Pleasure, and Power, but from PEACE.
Gerry Stewart|It doesn’t matter how physically fit or tough you are, if you fail to use natures computer between your ears.
RVM|We all come into and go out of this world in the same way. The Destination is the same. The difference is the Journey. Some Enjoy it, some Don't !
Seth Godin, The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?|Do What You Want; these are the 4 most frightening words brought to us by the Connection Revolution. If you want to sing, sing. If you want to lead, lead. If you want touch, connect, describe, disrupt, give, support, build, question—Do It. You will not be picked. But, if you want to pick yourself—go for it. The cost is that you own the results.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Art invariably grows out of a period when, in general, the artist admires his own nation and wants to win its approval.
RVM|We all have the Wisdom to understand that sooner or later Life will end, but we don’t have the Willpower to Live before we die.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|Mesa, adorno de marfil, arcoíris, cebolla, peinado, molusco, Sabbat, violencia, cutícula, melodrama, cuneta, miel, pañuelo... Nada la conmovía. (...) Nada conseguía ser más de lo que era en realidad. Eran solo cosas, prisioneras de su propia esencia.
Deborah M. Pratt|We’re moving faster with our science and technology than our morals are evolving, we’re going to have to live in the future we create so it is up to us to become responsible for what we’re creating. It is the only way to avoid the probable catastrophes that will face us and our children on the way. We all have to get on the same page if we’re to unify and a species and survive. I hope ‘The Vision Quest’ will help people set positive intentions for their lives and the world we live in, as well as give them some tools to manifest them
Samreena Ashraf|maybe someday, you will look back and smile because it was all worth it
Millard Fuller|It's not your blue blood, your pedigree, or your college degree. It's what you do with your life that counts.
D.S. Mashego|Your persona, talents, desires, etc. are intricately connected to your life’s purpose. The synchronicity of your persona, talents, desires, passions, dreams, etc. is not a coincidence.
D.S. Mashego|Some things don’t just happen, they happen because somebody decided to make them happen.
D.S. Mashego|Your propensity to succeed in life is largely dependent on your understanding of the concept, your ability to discover your purpose, and your willingness to pursue and act on your purpose.
D.S. Mashego|Your assignment will always be a forerunner to others’ assignments. Also, others’ assignments will always be forerunners to yours.
Germany Kent|Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general.
Michael Leunig|It is at Easter that Jesus is most human, and like all humans, he fails and is failed. His is not an all-powerful God, it is an all-vulnerable God.
Jack London|Don't loaf and invite inspiration; light out after it with a club, and if you don't get it you will nonetheless get something that looks remarkably like it.
Ken Robinson, Finding Your Element: How to Discover Your Talents and Passions and Transform Your Life|Whatever your aptitudes, the greatest source of achievement is passion. Aptitude matters, but passion often matters more… If you love doing something, you’ll be constantly drawn to get better at it.
Hartosh Singh Bal, A Certain Ambiguity: A Mathematical Novel|Teaching mathematics, like teaching any art, requires the ability to inspire the student. Inspiration requires marketing, and marketing requires stirring communication.
Amy Tan, Saving Fish from Drowning|[Karen Lundegaard] was quite frail, debilitated by metastatic breast cancer, which she had long known she had but for which she had been unable to get adequate treatment because she lacked medical insurance. ("If you mention anything about me," she said, "tell people that.")
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|In my opinion, Fiction is a figment of our imagination & it causes us to dream but Reality taints dreams, and the F.scott Fitzgerald has clearly depicted this in The Great Gatsby.
Tommy Tenney, Os Caçadores de Deus|Seu plano é alcançar os perdidos e, se Ele não poupou Seu único Filho para salvá-los, não nos poupará também.
F.K. Preston|You can't stumble into an adventure. An artist must dance, not walk, in order to inspire their audience. This patient audience who has witnessed all that you've ever performed. So don't be shy. Just dance. Set this scene into motion.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Keep your eyes on the prize and know that the trials are only for a while, so smile.
William P. Young|I really do believe that God is love, one of deep affection and grace and forgiveness and inspiration.
Ymatruz, The Coffee Cries Foul|Winning isn't as sweet if you don't see an enemy cry. But remember, losers wail loud no matter what.
L.R. Knost|Taking care of yourself doesn't mean me first, it means me too.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|I'll tell you right now, the doors to the world of the wild Self are few but precious. If you have a deep scar, that is the door; if you have an old, old story, that is the door.
RVM|PEP up your Life with Positive Energy Power; a Power that comes from choosing emotions of Love and Faith, Hope and Courage, Confidence and Compassion.
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|Honestly, I don’t know what I would recommend from this story. Perhaps it is this: if you have the choice to laugh or do nothing, you might as well laugh.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|Muse, We are servants of the Mystery. We were put here on earth to act as agents of the Infinite, to bring into existence that which is not yet, but which will be, through us. Every breath we take, every heartbeat, every evolution of every cell comes from God and is sustained by God every second, just as every creation, invention, every bar of music or line of verse, every thought, vision, fantasy, every dumb-ass flop and stroke of genius comes from that infinite intelligence that created us and the universe in all its dimensions, out of the Void, the field of infinite potential, primal chaos, the Muse. To acknowledge that reality, to efface all ego, to let the work come through us and give it back freely to its source, that, in my opinion, is as true to reality as it gets.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|We are servants of the Mystery. We were put here on earth to act as agents of the Infinite, to bring into existence that which is not yet, but which will be, through us. Every breath we take, every heartbeat, every evolution of every cell comes from God and is sustained by God every second, just as every creation, invention, every bar of music or line of verse, every thought, vision, fantasy, every dumb-ass flop and stroke of genius comes from that infinite intelligence that created us and the universe in all its dimensions, out of the Void, the field of infinite potential, primal chaos, the Muse. To acknowledge that reality, to efface all ego, to let the work come through us and give it back freely to its source, that, in my opinion, is as true to reality as it gets.
Rob Liano|Your calling is calling you, are you answering?
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|Where do they go, these dreams of mine? Do they live? Do they die? Do they fall? Do they fly?
RVM|Every day has 1440 minutes. Each minute is an opportunity to be unhappy or to Rejoice, to waste or to Value Life, or to just exist or Make a Difference.
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|If my life was pulled into the pages of a book, there would be coffee stains and wrinkles along the lines of that narrative. Because all I can wish is that the book of my life would be well read and well loved. Living within words and the sound of writing.
Germany Kent|If you are on social media, and you are not learning, not laughing, not being inspired or not networking, then you are using it wrong.
Aleksej Metelko, Intuition Quotes and Reflections: World`s Largest Treasury of Intuition Sayings|Learn to hear your inner voice, be led by your heart and never stop giving back – this way you shall always walk the right path and shall never be walking alone.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|I'm determined that I won't give up on my dreams for anything. I have evolved in these years. Learned and outgrown a lot many things including the unrealistic expectations of my family,fake relationships,society's criticism,surpassed people who are intimidated by my outspoken nature, Faux friends and especially the people who disappear in dark whenever they think its easier for them to do so. I have grown over stupid and useless conversations. The insecurity and the feeling of self doubt. I have never been less burdened.
Patricia MacLachlan, The Poet's Dog|Dogs speak words, but only poets and children Hear.
Germany Kent|Whether you choose to move on from your struggles and enjoy life or waddle in your misery, life will continue.
Curtis Tyrone Jones, Giants At Play: Finding Wisdom, Courage, And Acceptance To Encounter Your Destiny|The deeper the journey into inner space, the further the possibilities in outer space.
Hassnain Qasim|We all fail at certain points in our lives, but if your journey stops at failure, it will become your destination.
Anthony T. Hincks|I may not be beautiful,I may not be tall,I may have no legs,And be hairy and all.I may not be rich,With lifestyle or clothes,I may not tweet,For my arms are too low.I may have warts,An acne or two,I may be incomplete,Compared to all of you.But when I see,The reflection of me,I see someone beautiful,And I know it's me.
Germany Kent|Don't stop believing,Don't be afraid of change,Don't underestimate yourself,Don't make excuses,Don't cheat yourself,Don't ever ever STOP!
David Lawrence Brown, 333 Keywords: to Change Your Life|The invitation of the keyword “Inspiration” is to ask how we can be uplifted, encouraged, motivated, and moved deeply in ways that allow us to be invigorated or energized to love our life and live with more passion, awareness, confidence, creativity and happiness." ~ David Lawrence Brown  333 Keywords to Change Your Life
Sunday Adelaja|Find your gift, the thing you were created for, the thing that inspires you and the thing you are fond of doing, and the thing you are doing better than others
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|But now that I’m scrubbingtoilets on my hands & knees,with four degrees,I realize that one escape routeleads to another
VD.|Dharma is something that one discovers, because one cannot create something that is already there.
Jen Selinsky|Just as food is fuel for the body, books are fuel for the mind.
RVM|Don’t Live Life as if you are meant to exist, many people do so. Instead, choose to Live as if Life is a Celebration.
RVM|One who lives with Faith says IT WILL HAPPEN, while the one who lives without it asks WILL IT HAPPEN?
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|I always have the time, the room and the energy for more love.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Helping professionals, therapists, life coaches, healers can greatly assist you in changing your life for the better, but they pale in comparison to the power thats gained from developing a relationship with yourself. It's you that holds the power for change
samura|தடைகளை தாண்டிப்பார்;இன்னல்களை தளர்த்திப்பார்,வாய்ப்புகளை பயன்படுத்திப்பார்,வெற்றி கிடைக்கும், பொறுத்திருந்து பார்,திரும்பிப்பார்க்கும், பெருத்த இந்த பார்!
Kirstin Leigh|Don't let anyone or anything drown out that still small voice that says, "You were made for more.
Kamand Kojouri|Sometimes, when inspiration runs dry, I drink classical music until my words spill out.
Nabil N. Jamal|Let your ambitions fly, let nothing hold you back.
Steve Maraboli|It’s my life and I’m not afraid to LIVE it! I would rather experience the ups and downs of a life I have chosen, than to suffer the regret of a life I have settled for.
Sandra Byrd, A Lady in Disguise|I've come back for you, my love, my life. Let me look at you, keep you, never let go of you.
RVM|Many people keep going round in circles. In the end, they find they are where they started.
RVM|To be Happier, Healthier, and Wealthier choose a Positive Mental Attitude. React and respond Positively. That’s the biggest wealth of life.
Adhish Mazumder|If you were to love, love not for the lust that you yearn but the rather the pain that you earn with it. Remember though that the ones who brave the pain are eternally bound in Cupid's chain. It is these chains that many of us fear. The fear of losing the freedom of choosing for self. The fear of placing the needs of our better halves before our own. The fear is understandable for history has taught us to despise and the society has given us the chance to entice. However, if you were to pause and think ever about - love - then do remember that the chain which upon acceptance binds you in amour is the same which upon rejection arrests us to an ague called lonesome depression. Few survive in love, but fewer without it.
Bill Bruford, Bill Bruford - The Autobiography: Yes, King Crimson, Earthworks and More|With Bruford, the album was One Of A Kind. All-instrumental, it possessed the kind of focused vision that allowed for no ifs or buts. With the unnerving confidence of youth, it had This Is What We Do And This Is How We Do It stamped all over it.
RVM|Whatever we do in Life, let us not forget to enjoy it. Life is a Gift and will soon end. We may have Goals and Aspirations, but we must enjoy every Moment of Life.
Oren Lyons|We've got to think now, in real terms, for that seventh generation . . . We've got to get back to spiritual law if we are to survive.
Steve Maraboli|Tombstones and legacies are for the dead.I will live for now… Impact the world for now… Change lives for now… Laugh for now… Love for now… I will experience the length, depth, and breadth of life for now… Later will come soon enough and I will be so tired that I shall welcome the rest it offers…. But for now, ONWARD!
Ivy Rose|Don't forget Who you are writing for. It's easy to get discouraged when people don't like your writing, but that's just it. They're people. You don't want to serve people, you want to serve God. Write for Him, and ignore what other people say. It just doesn't matter.
Sandra Byrd, A Lady in Disguise|Like herbs in a pestle, life steadily ground out the essence of those who did not have access to comforts.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you can act right, you are richer than you think.
Jieun Baek, North Korea's Hidden Revolution: How the Information Underground Is Transforming a Closed Society|People say mountains change in about ten years. If something as stubborn and mammoth as a mountain can change in a decade, the hearts of ordinary North Koreans can change. I'm sure of it. I'm living proof." --Ha Young, a North Korean defector interviewed in Jieun Baek's book "North Korea's Hidden Revolution: How the Information Underground is Transforming a Closed Society
Jieun Baek, North Korea's Hidden Revolution: How the Information Underground Is Transforming a Closed Society|People say mountains change in about ten years. If something as stubborn and mammoth as a mountain can change in a decade, the hearts of ordinary North Koreans can change. I'm sure of it. I'm living proof." --Ha Young, a North Korean defector
Laurie Sudbrink, Leading with GRIT: Inspiring Action and Accountability with Generosity, Respect, Integrity, and Truth|If we look at the happiest, most successful people and companies, they're those that have a positive attitude about continuously improving. It's growth. It's something new. It's an adventure.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Raise your vibration, Not your tone of voice..You gain inspiration, For Peace is a choice.
Steve Maraboli|...she doesn't have to choose between being gentle or being fierce. Both exist in nature and both exist in her. That's ok. She'll know to nourish them both and when applicable, use each unapologetically.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|I've found that trying to be like everyone else, do what others do and follow others 'guaranteed path' to 'so-called success' never really works for me. I have found my best strategy is to authentically be me, listen within and follow it....and then to treat and connect with others - wherever I can - personally, personably and individually.
Kimberly Morgan, On Angels and Rabbit Holes|Dawn is a friend of the muses, even if they aren't awake to appreciate it.
RVM|Remember, how you live your Life is far more important than how much you earn. Life soon ends. What matters is whether you enjoyed Life and Lived meaningfully.
RVM|When the toughest of problems strike me, I just remind myself that God is on my side.
RVM|To live peacefully just look up into the sky and watch how the clouds drift in total acceptance. Instantly, you shall find Peace.
Damini Aggarwal, Zindagi Rewind|Until you won't step into the creepy road, you will never be able to tread a smooth path for yourself.
Mimi Novic, The Silence Between the Sighs|The light of our souls is never extinguished, it can never be, as the eternal one abides within each and every heart forever
Katarina Claire England Ross|We are born into a world that is much bigger than ourselves, one that is both enormously frightening and enormously beautiful. Although we walk the path of our individual lives alone we are always surrounded by the love of those who came before and those who are currently with us. We are part of a continually expanding web of evolution in a world where energy is neither created nor destroyed and the spirits of all living beings share our struggles and joys – we only have to look beyond ourselves to see them.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When I wake up, I look to God.
Aymen Tmar|Think on success, you will work for success, than you will get success
Kemi Sogunle|If you keep focusing on what people have to say or will say about you, you will lose focus of what God has called you to do. Never let distractions bother you...if you do, you will only be giving your energy to an unworthy cause.
Izey Victoria Odiase|Relax, Recharge and Reflect. Sometimes it’s OK to do nothing.
RVM|To be happy, find out what is making you unhappy and change that. Reverse, RE-CHOICE and REJOICE!
Nickolas Butler, Shotgun Lovesongs|No, the safest thing is to become an island. To make your house a citadel against all the garbage and ugliness in the world. How else can you be sure of anything?
Bluenscottish|The art of loving is not how many you touch, it is the heart of one that shows a masterpiece of your deepest design.~Bluenscottish
RVM|Is it possible to choose your reaction to whatever happens? Yes, it is. Reaction is a CHOICE and we must consciously cultivate the habit of reacting Positively.
Dipika Agarwal, The Better Side - 16 Positive Attributes To Lead A Better Life|Survivors don't allow the word QUIT in their dictionary because they know the art of staying positive in any kind of negative situation.""BE A SURVIVOR
Victor Shamas, The Way of Play: Reclaiming Divine Fun & Celebration|The source and essence of all creation can be found everywhere. It resides equally in you, in me, and in all things. True wisdom is the fullest understanding of this essence--an understanding that can happen only when there is no separation between the knower and the known.
Dipika Agarwal, The Better Side - 16 Positive Attributes To Lead A Better Life|Beautiful relations are based on bricks of trust, sometimes situations become unfriendly with no logical reasons behind it, some are eye-openers and some make you realize your faults , but if your intentions are right be bold enough to face all oppositions.
Elsa Gadia|Do all good things with sincerity, even if nobody appreciates, trust me every kindness are always appreciated by the Lord
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without toil, would there be any tears?
RVM|Life is not a puzzle to solve. Stop, Enjoy the Journey!
T.S. Wieland|Only your children’s grandchildren may remember our stories, but the stories are not what makes a life. It’s living with a smile and a free spirit that will ripple throughout the stars.
Matt Haig, The Humans|This was the species whose main excuse for not doing something was 'if only I had more time'. Perfectly valid until you realised they did have more time. Not eternity, granted, but they had tomorrow. And the day after tomorrow. And the day after the day after tomorrow. In fact I would have to write 'the day after' thirty thousand times before a final 'tomorrow' in order to illustrate the amount of time on a humans hands.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Given that I don’t know anything, when I am making up stories about the future, why not make it a good story instead of a scary one?
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|When I act, I act on behalf of who or what I love. Even when I have to fight against something, it is because of what I value and love.
RVM|In Life, while you must achieve and you must do your best to achieve, don’t forget to enjoy Life because the Journey will be soon over.
Samura|If you can't remember past history, don't worry;you are born to create a history for the future
Lyn Crain, In My Shoes: My Poetic Journey from Abuse to Victory|There is something to be said for rain, the sharing of an intimate caress with the leaves, blades of grass and all the living and the dead creatures to remind us we are connected.~Lyn Crain
Brianna LaBrosse|I'm like a bridge. I can crash and crumble, or stand and support people. I've done both.
Ben Oliveira|Reading is only a pretext for our bodies to stick together, like a sculpture, fused in a way that when trying to separate one from other, or the work remains intact or is completely lost
RVM|A woman was counting her grams of gold in Sorrow while another, who had nothing, still counted her Blessings in Joy. Happiness is not what you HAVE, but how you FEEL.
RVM|Even with all the Lace, you can't be an Ace without God's grace.
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|My friend Bailey is looking at me with tears in her eyes and a smile of pure joy. She sees me, the real me, not the broken little bird that my mother sees, or the Ambassador of Hope that my father sees, or the girl who was stupid enough to walk off with a stranger and ruin everyone's lives that my sister sees. Bailey sees me as I want to be: a normal, non-newsworthy, non-broken, non-victimized sixteen-year-old girl.
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|My Keeper's house. Right there. Brown shingles, dark red shutters, yellow-and-black police tape wrapped around the massive tree trunks. The attic window looks out over the yard and the world narrows until that attic window is the only thing I can see.
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|So many cameras are on me. This press conference is going to be on every news channel and posted on the internet. Thousands, maybe millions of people will see me. And they will all be thinking: Victim. Victim. Victim.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|The resistance, though it comes in many forms, begins with the mistaken belief that I am somehow separate from change, and that I can control it, rather than to align myself with change as it makes itself apparent, and ride it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|New birth, new bliss.
Odilon Redon|Toutes les erreurs de la critique commises à mon égard, à mes débuts, furent qu'elle ne vit pas qu'il ne fallait rien définir, rien comprendre, rien limiter, rien préciser, parce que tout ce qui est sincèrement et docilement nouveau - comme le beau d'ailleurs, porte sa signification en soi-même. La désignation par un titre mis à mes dessins est quelquefois de trop, pour ainsi dire. Le titre n'y est justifié que lorsqu'il est vague, indéterminé, et visant même confusément à l'équivoque. Mes dessins inspirent et ne se définissent pas. Ils ne déterminent rien. Ils nous placent, ainsi que la musique, dans le monde ambigu de l'indéterminé. Ils sont une sorte de métaphore.
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|Our father came to sleep in our house that night. He carried a small suitcase with a black mourning suit and a pair of polished shoes. Corrigan stopped him as he made his way up the stairs. 'Where d'you think you're going?'Our father gripped the bannister. His hands were liverspotted and I could see him trembling in his pause. 'That's not your room,' sad Corrigan. Our father tottered on the stairs. He took another step up. 'Don't,' said my brother. His voice was clear, full, confidant. Our father stood stunned. He climbed one more step and then turned, descended, looked around, lost.'My own sons,' he said.We made a bed for him on a sofa in the living room, but even then Corrigan refused to stay under the same roof; he went walking in the direction of the city center and I wondered what alley he might be found in later that night, what fist he might walk into, whose bottle he might climb down inside.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Being poor in the Spirit means you are humble, gentle, meek, God-fearing,kind and exhibit the fruits of the Spirit but being Spiritually poor is lacking in every thing that pertains to life and godliness.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|When the Prince comes into your life, you will stop thinking and start reasoning.
late chief gani fahewinmi|In the human society, it is difficult to find all angels flapping there wings and all saints singing halleluya.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Options abound in our world. You can choose where to stay and how to stay there. Where you are Today is as a result of the option you took yesterday and no doubt where you will be Tomorrow is embedded in your option Today. Choose right; choose wisely, Take THE BEST OPTION. The Best Option will deliver your inheritance to you. It will change your state and deliver to you, your brand new estate. You do not blame anyone for failing to do it right the first time. You accept the blame. The Best Option will cause you to get it right the first time and always.
Albert Einstein|Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
Charles Bukowski|For those who believe in God, most of the big questions are answered. But for those of us who can't readily accept the God formula, the big answers don't remain stone-written. We adjust to new conditions and discoveries. We are pliable. Love need not be a command nor faith a dictum. I am my own god. We are here to unlearn the teachings of the church, state, and our educational system. We are here to drink beer. We are here to kill war. We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us.
Friedrich Nietzsche|In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Knock, And He'll open the doorVanish, And He'll make you shine like the sunFall, And He'll raise you to the heavensBecome nothing, And He'll turn you into everything.
C.S. Lewis|Atheism turns out to be too simple. If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning...
Abraham Lincoln|When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.
George Carlin|Religion is like a pair of shoes.....Find one that fits for you, but don't make me wear your shoes.
Voltaire, Questions sur les Miracles à M. Claparede, Professeur de Théologie à Genève, par un Proposant: Ou Extrait de Diverses Lettres de M. de Voltaire|Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.
Edgar Allan Poe|All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|People, I thought, wanted security. They couldn't bear the idea of death being a big black nothing, couldn't bear the thought of their loved ones not existing, and couldn't even imagine themselves not existing. I finally decided that people believed in an afterlife because they couldn't bear not to.
George Carlin|I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. ... These two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death.
Isaac Asimov|Properly read, the Bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived.
Christopher Hitchens|To terrify children with the image of hell, to consider women an inferior creation—is that good for the world?
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|I believe in good and evil," said Jem. "And I believe the soul is eternal. But I don't believe in the fiery pit, the pitchforks, or endless torment. I do not believe you can threaten people into goodness."Tessa looked at will. "What about you? What do you believe?"Pulvis et umbra sumus," said Will, not looking at her as he spoke. "I believe we are dust and shadows. What else is there?
Emmett F. Fields|Atheism is more than just the knowledge that gods do not exist, and that religion is either a mistake or a fraud. Atheism is an attitude, a frame of mind that looks at the world objectively, fearlessly, always trying to understand all things as a part of nature.
Philip Pullman|I think it's perfectly possible to explain how the universe came about without bringing God into it, but I don't know everything, and there may well be a God somewhere, hiding away. Actually, if he is keeping out of sight, it's because he's ashamed of his followers and all the cruelty and ignorance they're responsible for promoting in his name. If I were him, I'd want nothing to do with them.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|If complete and utter chaos was lightning, then he'd be the sort to stand on a hilltop in a thunderstorm wearing wet copper armour and shouting 'All gods are bastards!
Stephen Colbert|If this is going to be a Christian nation that doesn't help the poor, either we have to pretend that Jesus was just as selfish as we are, or we've got to acknowledge that He commanded us to love the poor and serve the needy without condition and then admit that we just don't want to do it.
Carl Sagan|In science it often happens that scientists say, 'You know that's a really good argument; my position is mistaken,' and then they would actually change their minds and you never hear that old view from them again. They really do it. It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are human and change is sometimes painful. But it happens every day. I cannot recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
Dalai Lama XIV|This is my simple religion. No need for temples. No need for complicated philosophy. Your own mind, your own heart is the temple. Your philosophy is simple kindness.
Friedrich Nietzsche|In truth,there was only one christian and he died on the cross.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge, which is power; religion gives man wisdom, which is control. Science deals mainly with facts; religion deals mainly with values. The two are not rivals.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|You would not have called to me unless I had been calling to you," said the Lion.
Benjamin Franklin|How many observe Christ's birthday! How few, His precepts!
Frank Sinatra|Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
Johnny Cash|I wore black because I liked it. I still do, and wearing it still means something to me. It's still my symbol of rebellion -- against a stagnant status quo, against our hypocritical houses of God, against people whose minds are closed to others' ideas.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I challenge anyone to understand Islam, its spirit, and not to love it. It is a beautiful religion of brotherhood and devotion.
Isaac Asimov|I am an atheist, out and out. It took me a long time to say it. I've been an atheist for years and years, but somehow I felt it was intellectually unrespectable to say one was an atheist, because it assumed knowledge that one didn't have. Somehow, it was better to say one was a humanist or an agnostic. I finally decided that I'm a creature of emotion as well as of reason. Emotionally, I am an atheist. I don't have the evidence to prove that God doesn't exist, but I so strongly suspect he doesn't that I don't want to waste my time.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality. When we recognize our place in an immensity of light‐years and in the passage of ages, when we grasp the intricacy, beauty, and subtlety of life, then that soaring feeling, that sense of elation and humility combined, is surely spiritual. So are our emotions in the presence of great art or music or literature, or acts of exemplary selfless courage such as those of Mohandas Gandhi or Martin Luther King, Jr. The notion that science and spirituality are somehow mutually exclusive does a disservice to both.
Albert Einstein|If there is any religion that could respond to the needs of modern science, it would be Buddhism.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Laws and principles are not for the times when there is no temptation: they are for such moments as this, when body and soul rise in mutiny against their rigour ... If at my convenience I might break them, what would be their worth?
Mark Twain, Letters from the Earth: Uncensored Writings|Man is the Reasoning Animal. Such is the claim. I think it is open to dispute. Indeed, my experiments have proven to me that he is the Unreasoning Animal... In truth, man is incurably foolish. Simple things which other animals easily learn, he is incapable of learning. Among my experiments was this. In an hour I taught a cat and a dog to be friends. I put them in a cage. In another hour I taught them to be friends with a rabbit. In the course of two days I was able to add a fox, a goose, a squirrel and some doves. Finally a monkey. They lived together in peace; even affectionately.Next, in another cage I confined an Irish Catholic from Tipperary, and as soon as he seemed tame I added a Scotch Presbyterian from Aberdeen. Next a Turk from Constantinople; a Greek Christian from Crete; an Armenian; a Methodist from the wilds of Arkansas; a Buddhist from China; a Brahman from Benares. Finally, a Salvation Army Colonel from Wapping. Then I stayed away for two whole days. When I came back to note results, the cage of Higher Animals was all right, but in the other there was but a chaos of gory odds and ends of turbans and fezzes and plaids and bones and flesh--not a specimen left alive. These Reasoning Animals had disagreed on a theological detail and carried the matter to a Higher Court.
Christopher Hitchens|We keep on being told that religion, whatever its imperfections, at least instills morality. On every side, there is conclusive evidence that the contrary is the case and that faith causes people to be more mean, more selfish, and perhaps above all, more stupid.
George Carlin|I don't know how you feel, but I'm pretty sick of church people. You know what they ought to do with churches? Tax them. If holy people are so interested in politics, government, and public policy, let them pay the price of admission like everybody else. The Catholic Church alone could wipe out the national debt if all you did was tax their real estate.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|A child is not a Christian child, not a Muslim child, but a child of Christian parents or a child of Muslim parents. This latter nomenclature, by the way, would be an excellent piece of consciousness-raising for the children themselves. A child who is told she is a 'child of Muslim parents' will immediately realize that religion is something for her to choose -or reject- when she becomes old enough to do so.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|I love you when you bow in your mosque, kneel in your temple, pray in your church. For you and I are sons of one religion, and it is the spirit.
Confucius|The hardest thing of all is to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|What have I always believed?That on the whole, and by and large, if a man lived properly, not according to what any priests said, but according to what seemed decent and honest inside, then it would, at the end, more or less, turn out all right.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature and Selected Essays|If the stars should appear one night in a thousand years, how would men believe and adore; and preserve for many generations the remembrance of the city of God which had been shown! But every night come out these envoys of beauty, and light the universe with their admonishing smile.
Albert Einstein|Your question is the most difficult in the world. It is not a question I can answer simply with yes or no. I am not an Atheist. I do not know if I can define myself as a Pantheist. The problem involved is too vast for our limited minds. May I not reply with a parable? The human mind, no matter how highly trained, cannot grasp the universe. We are in the position of a little child, entering a huge library whose walls are covered to the ceiling with books in many different tongues. The child knows that someone must have written those books. It does not know who or how. It does not understand the languages in which they are written. The child notes a definite plan in the arrangement of the books, a mysterious order, which it does not comprehend, but only dimly suspects. That, it seems to me, is the attitude of the human mind, even the greatest and most cultured, toward God. We see a universe marvelously arranged, obeying certain laws, but we understand the laws only dimly. Our limited minds cannot grasp the mysterious force that sways the constellations. I am fascinated by Spinoza's Pantheism. I admire even more his contributions to modern thought. Spinoza is the greatest of modern philosophers, because he is the first philosopher who deals with the soul and the body as one, not as two separate things.
Christopher Hitchens, god is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything|Many religions now come before us with ingratiating smirks and outspread hands, like an unctuous merchant in a bazaar. They offer consolation and solidarity and uplift, competing as they do in a marketplace. But we have a right to remember how barbarically they behaved when they were strong and were making an offer that people could not refuse.
Terry Pratchett, Jingo|Night poured over the desert. It came suddenly, in purple. In the clear air, the stars drilled down out of the sky, reminding any thoughtful watcher that it is in the deserts and high places that religions are generated. When men see nothing but bottomless infinity over their heads they have always had a driving and desperate urge to find someone to put in the way.
Albert Einstein, Living Philosophies|The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science. He to whom the emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand wrapped in awe, is as good as dead —his eyes are closed. The insight into the mystery of life, coupled though it be with fear, has also given rise to religion. To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty, which our dull faculties can comprehend only in their most primitive forms—this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness.
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|Gods prefer simple, vicious games, where you Do Not Achieve Transcendence but Go Straight To Oblivion; a key to the understanding of all religion is that a god's idea of amusement is Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Religions are, by definition, metaphors, after all: God is a dream, a hope, a woman, an ironist, a father, a city, a house of many rooms, a watchmaker who left his prize chronometer in the desert, someone who loves you—even, perhaps, against all evidence, a celestial being whose only interest is to make sure your football team, army, business, or marriage thrives, prospers, and triumphs over all opposition. Religions are places to stand and look and act, vantage points from which to view the world. So none of this is happening. Such things could not occur. Never a word of it is literally true.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|The more I learn about the universe, the less convinced I am that there's any sort of benevolent force that has anything to do with it, at all.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|There are no ordinary people. You have never talked to a mere mortal. Nations, cultures, arts, civilizations - these are mortal, and their life is to ours as the life of a gnat. But it is immortals whom we joke with, work with, marry, snub and exploit - immortal horrors or everlasting splendors. This does not mean that we are to be perpetually solemn. We must play. But our merriment must be of that kind (and it is, in fact, the merriest kind) which exists between people who have, from the outset, taken each other seriously - no flippancy, no superiority, no presumption.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|I suppose that one reason I have always detested religion is its sly tendency to insinuate the idea that the universe is designed with 'you' in mind or, even worse, that there is a divine plan into which one fits whether one knows it or not. This kind of modesty is too arrogant for me.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Hindus, in their capacity for love, are indeed hairless Christians, just as Muslims, in the way they see God in everything, are bearded Hindus, and Christians, in their devotion to God, are hat wearing Muslims.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Just because I do not accept the teachings of the devotaries does not mean I've discarded a belief in right and wrong." determines what is right!" right? I believe that my own morality -- which answers only to my heart -- is more sure and true than the morality of those who do right only because they fear retribution.
Brennan Manning|To live by grace means to acknowledge my whole life story, the light side and the dark. In admitting my shadow side I learn who I am and what God's grace means.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|Half the people in the world think that the metaphors of their religious traditions, for example, are facts. And the other half contends that they are not facts at all. As a result we have people who consider themselves believers because they accept metaphors as facts, and we have others who classify themselves as atheists because they think religious metaphors are lies.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|Gradually it was disclosed to me that the line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between classes, nor between political parties either -- but right through every human heart -- and through all human hearts. This line shifts. Inside us, it oscillates with the years. And even within hearts overwhelmed by evil, one small bridgehead of good is retained. And even in the best of all hearts, there remains ... an unuprooted small corner of evil.  (inside every human being). It is impossible to expel evil from the world in its entirety, but it is possible to constrict it within each person.
Frank Zappa|My best advice to anyone who wants to raise a happy, mentally healthy child is: Keep him or her as far away from a church as you can.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|People cited violation of the First Amendment when a New Jersey schoolteacher asserted that evolution and the Big Bang are not scientific and that Noah's ark carried dinosaurs. This case is not about the need to separate church and state; it's about the need to separate ignorant, scientifically illiterate people from the ranks of teachers.
Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair|Religion isn't the cause of wars, it's the excuse.
Edmond de Goncourt|If there is a God, atheism must seem to Him as less of an insult than religion.
Mahatma Gandhi|Yes I am, I am also a Muslim, a Christian, a Buddhist, and a Jew.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life|Governments want efficient technicians, not human beings, because human beings become dangerous to governments – and to organized religions as well. That is why governments and religious organizations seek to control education.
P.C. Cast, Betrayed|Your way of life is sinful and wrong," he said fiercely.Thus says a man who admits to worshipping a God who vilifies pleasure, relegates women to roles that are little more than servants and broodmares, though they are the backbone of your church, and seeks to control his worshippers through guilt and fear.
Carl Sagan|The world is so exquisite with so much love and moral depth, that there is no reason to deceive ourselves with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence. Far better it seems to me, in our vulnerability, is to look death in the eye and to be grateful every day for the brief but magnificent opportunity that life provides.
C.S. Lewis, The Chronicles of Narnia|But, first, remember, remember, remember the signs. Say them to yourself when you wake in the morning and when you lie down at night, and when you wake in the middle of the night. And whatever strange things may happen to you, let nothing turn your mind from following the signs. And secondly, I give you a warning. Here on the mountain I have spoken to you clearly: I will not often do so down in Narnia. Here on the mountain, the air is clear and your mind is clear; as you drop down into Narnia, the air will thicken. Take great care that it does not confuse your mind. And the signs which you have learned here will not look at all as you expect them to look, when you meet them there. That is why it is so important to know them by heart and pay no attention to appearances. Remember the signs and believe the signs. Nothing else matters.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|[Saint Anthony] said, in his solitude, he sometimes encountered devils who looked like angels, and other times he found angels who looked like devils. When asked how he could tell the difference, the saint said that you can only tell which is which by the way you feel after the creature has left your company.
Richard Dawkins|Faith is the great cop-out, the great excuse to evade the need to think and evaluate evidence. Faith is the belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence.
Robert Anton Wilson|The Bible tells us to be like God, and then on page after page it describes God as a mass murderer. This may be the single most important key to the political behavior of Western Civilization.
Robert A. Heinlein|Almost any sect, cult, or religion will legislate its creed into law if it acquires the political power to do so.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|To be fair, much of the Bible is not systematically evil but just plain weird, as you would expect of a chaotically cobbled-together anthology of disjointed documents, composed, revised, translated, distorted and 'improved' by hundreds of anonymous authors, editors and copyists, unknown to us and mostly unknown to each other, spanning nine centuries
C.S. Lewis, The Magician's Nephew|Oh, Adam’s sons, how cleverly you defend yourselves against all that might do you good!
George Bernard Shaw, Androcles and the Lion|The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one. The happiness of credulity is a cheap and dangerous quality of happiness, and by no means a necessity of life.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|It doesn't matter that you didn't believe in us," said Mr. Ibis. "We believed in you.
Isaac Asimov|To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today.
Madalyn Murray O'Hair|An atheist believes that a hospital should be built instead of a church. An atheist believes that deed must be done instead of prayer said.An atheist strives for involvement in life and not escape into death. He wants disease conquered, poverty vanished, war eliminated.
Stephen Hawking|There is a fundamental difference between religion, which is based on authority, and science, which is based on observation and reason. Science will win because it works.
Isaac Newton|Gravity explains the motions of the planets, but it cannot explain who sets the planets in motion.
George Carlin|I noticed that all the prayers I used to offer to God, and all the prayers I now offer to Joe Pesci, are being answered at about the same fifty percent rate. Half the time I get what I want, half the time I don't...Same as the four-leaf clover and the horseshoe...same as the voodoo lady who tells you your fortune by squeezing the goat's testicles. It's all the same...so just pick your superstition, sit back, make a wish, and enjoy yourself...
Friedrich Nietzsche|Two great European narcotics, alcohol and Christianity.
Juan Mascaró|The thought manifests the word;The word manifests the deed;The deed develops into habit;And habit hardens into character;So watch the thought and its ways with care,And let them spring forth from loveBorn out of compassion for all beings.As the shadow follows the body, as we think, so we become.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think. 
Voltairine de Cleyre|I die, as I have lived, a free spirit, an Anarchist, owing no allegiance to rulers, heavenly or earthly.
Abigail Adams|Well, knowledge is a fine thing, and mother Eve thought so; but she smarted so severely for hers, that most of her daughters have been afraid of it since. 
Harvey Milk|The fact is that more people have been slaughtered in the name of religion than for any other single reason. That, that my friends, that is true perversion!
Emma Goldman, Anarchism and Other Essays|The philosophy of Atheism represents a concept of life without any metaphysical Beyond or Divine Regulator. It is the concept of an actual, real world with its liberating, expanding and beautifying possibilities, as against an unreal world, which, with its spirits, oracles, and mean contentment has kept humanity in helpless degradation.
Jay Leno|The Supreme Court has ruled that they cannot have a nativity scene in Washington, D.C. This wasn't for any religious reasons. They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
Stephen Roberts|I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.
Thomas Carlyle|If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him. They would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make fun of it.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|On the Disc, the Gods aren't so much worshipped, as they are blamed.
Sam Harris|It is taboo in our society to criticize a persons religious faith... these taboos are offensive, deeply unreasonable, but worse than that, they are getting people killed. This is really my concern. My concern is that our religions, the diversity of our religious doctrines, is going to get us killed. I'm worried that our religious discourse- our religious beliefs are ultimately incompatible with civilization.
Abraham Lincoln, Speeches and Writings, 1832-1858|The Bible is not my book nor Christianity my profession. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Professor Langdon,' called a young man with curly hair in the back row, 'if Masonry is not a secret society, not a corporation, and not a religion, then what is it?''Well, if you were to ask a Mason, he would offer the following definition: Masonry is a system of morality, veiled in allegory and illustrated by symbols.''Sounds to me like a euphemism for "freaky cult." ''Freaky, you say?''Hell yes!' the kid said, standing up. 'I heard what they do inside those secret buildings! Weird candlelight rituals with coffins, and nooses, and drinking wine out of skulls. Now that's freaky!'Langdon scanned the class. 'Does that sound freaky to anyone else?''Yes!' they all chimed in.Langdon feigned a sad sigh. 'Too bad. If that's too freaky for you, then I know you'll never want to join my cult.'Silence settled over the room. The student from the Women's Center looked uneasy. 'You're in a cult?'Langdon nodded and lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. 'Don't tell anyone, but on the pagan day of the sun god Ra, I kneel at the foot of an ancient instrument of torture and consume ritualistic symbols of blood and flesh.'The class looked horrified.Langdon shrugged. 'And if any of you care to join me, come to the Harvard chapel on Sunday, kneel beneath the crucifix, and take Holy Communion.'The classroom remained silent.Langdon winked. 'Open your minds, my friends. We all fear what we do not understand.
Douglas Adams|Now, the invention of the scientific method and science is, I'm sure we'll all agree, the most powerful intellectual idea, the most powerful framework for thinking and investigating and understanding and challenging the world around us that there is, and that it rests on the premise that any idea is there to be attacked and if it withstands the attack then it lives to fight another day and if it doesn't withstand the attack then down it goes. Religion doesn't seem to work like that; it has certain ideas at the heart of it which we call sacred or holy or whatever. That's an idea we're so familiar with, whether we subscribe to it or not, that it's kind of odd to think what it actually means, because really what it means is 'Here is an idea or a notion that you're not allowed to say anything bad about; you're just not. Why not? - because you're not!
Mark Twain|In religion and politics people’s beliefs and convictions are in almost every case gotten at second-hand, and without examination, from authorities who have not themselves examined the questions at issue but have taken them at second-hand from other non-examiners, whose opinions about them were not worth a brass farthing.
Richard Dawkins|Many of us saw religion as harmless nonsense. Beliefs might lack all supporting evidence but, we thought, if people needed a crutch for consolation, where's the harm? September 11th changed all that.
Dan Barker, Losing Faith in Faith: From Preacher to Atheist|The next time believers tell you that 'separation of church and state' does not appear in our founding document, tell them to stop using the word 'trinity.' The word 'trinity' appears nowhere in the bible. Neither does Rapture, or Second Coming, or Original Sin. If they are still unfazed (or unphrased), by this, then add Omniscience, Omnipresence, Supernatural,Transcendence, Afterlife, Deity, Divinity, Theology, Monotheism, Missionary, Immaculate Conception, Christmas, Christianity, Evangelical, Fundamentalist, Methodist, Catholic, Pope, Cardinal, Catechism, Purgatory, Penance, Transubstantiation, Excommunication, Dogma, Chastity, Unpardonable Sin, Infallibility, Inerrancy, Incarnation, Epiphany, Sermon, Eucharist, the Lord's Prayer, Good Friday, Doubting Thomas, Advent, Sunday School, Dead Sea, Golden Rule, Moral, Morality, Ethics, Patriotism, Education, Atheism, Apostasy, Conservative (Liberal is in), Capital Punishment, Monogamy, Abortion, Pornography, Homosexual, Lesbian, Fairness, Logic, Republic, Democracy, Capitalism, Funeral, Decalogue, or Bible.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|Fear prophets, Adso, and those prepared to die for the truth, for as a rule they make many others die with them, often before them, at times instead of them.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|The Savage interrupted him. "But isn't it natural to feel there's a God?" "You might as well ask if it's natural to do up one's trousers with zippers," said the Controller sarcastically. "You remind me of another of those old fellows called Bradley. He defined philosophy as the finding of bad reason for what one believes by instinct. As if one believed anything by instinct! One believes things because one has been conditioned to believe them. Finding bad reasons for what one believes for other bad reasons–that's philosophy. People believe in God because they've been conditioned to.
George Gordon Byron|There is something pagan in me that I cannot shake off. In short, I deny nothing, but doubt everything.
George Washington|The government of the United States is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion.
C.S. Lewis, The Chronicles of Narnia|But very quickly they all became grave again: for, as you know, there is a kind of happiness and wonder that makes you serious. It is too good to waste on jokes.
Pema Chödrön|The difference between theism and nontheism is not whether one does or does not believe in God. . . Theism is a deep-seated conviction that there's some hand to hold: if we just do the right things, someone will appreciate us and take care of us. . . Nontheism is relaxing with the ambiguity and uncertainty of the present moment without reaching for anything to protect ourselves.
Steven Weinberg|Religion is an insult to human dignity. Without it you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things.But for good people to do evil things, that takes religion.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|No it's not!" said Constable Visit. "Atheism is a denial of a god.""Therefore It Is A Religious Position," said Dorfl. "Indeed, A True Atheist Thinks Of The Gods Constantly, Albeit In Terms of Denial. Therefore, Atheism Is A Form Of Belief. If The Atheist Truly Did Not Believe, He Or She Would Not Bother To Deny.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|It was my first clue that atheists are my brothers and sisters of a different faith. Like me, they go as far as the legs of reason will carry them - and then they leap. I'll be honest about it. It is not atheists who get stuck in my craw, but agnostics. Doubt is useful for awhile. We must all pass through the garden of Gethsemane. If Christ played with doubt, so must we. If Christ spent an anguished night in prayer, if He burst out from the Cross, "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" then surely we are also permitted doubt. But we must move on. To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk|My people are going to learn the principles of democracy the dictates of truth and the teachings of science. Superstition must go. Let them worship as they will, every man can follow his own conscience provided it does not interfere with sane reason or bid him act against the liberty of his fellow men.
Joseph Campbell|Every religion is true one way or another. It is true when understood metaphorically. But when it gets stuck in its own metaphors, interpreting them as facts, then you are in trouble.
Napoléon Bonaparte|If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Tradition means giving votes to the most obscure of all classes, our ancestors. It is the democracy of the dead. Tradition refuses to submit to the small and arrogant oligarchy of those who merely happen to be walking about.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|Religion is like language or dress. We gravitate toward the practices with which we were raised. In the end, though, we are all proclaiming the same thing. That life has meaning. That we are grateful for the power that created us.
Joseph Heller, Catch 22|There's nothing mysterious about it, He's not working at all. He's playing. Or else He's forgotten all about us. That's the kind of God you people talk about, a country bumpkin, a clumsy, bungling, brainless, conceited, uncouth hayseed. Good God, how much reverence can you have for a Supreme Being who finds it necessary to include such phenomena as phlegm and tooth decay in His divine system of Creation? What in the world was running through that warped, evil, scatological mind of His when He robbed old people of the power to control their bowel movements? Why in the world did He ever create pain?
Philip Pullman|I am a religious person, although I am not a believer.
Titus Lucretius Carus, On the Nature of Things: de Rerum Natura|All religions are equally sublime to the ignorant, useful to the politician, and ridiculous to the philosopher.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|It was all very well going on about pure logic and how the universe was ruled by logic and the harmony of numbers, but the plain fact of the matter was that the Disc was manifestly traversing space on the back of a giant turtle and the gods had a habit of going round to atheists' houses and smashing their windows.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|If you and I are to live religious lives, it mustn't be that we talk a lot about religion, but that our manner of life is different. It is my belief that only if you try to be helpful to other people will you in the end find your way to God.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|Religion is flawed, but only because man is flawed.
Brian Cox|The problem with today’s world is that everyone believes they have the right to express their opinion AND have others listen to it. The correct statement of individual rights is that everyone has the right to an opinion, but crucially, that opinion can be roundly ignored and even made fun of, particularly if it is demonstrably nonsense!
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|Since Alice had never received any religious instruction, and since she had led a blameless life, she never thought of her awful luck as being anything but accidents in a very busy place. Good for her.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|I like the silent church before the service begins, better than any preaching.
M.E. Thomas, Confessions of a Sociopath: A Life Spent Hiding in Plain Sight|When you grow up as a girl, it is like there are faint chalk lines traced approximately three inches around your entire body at all times, drawn by society and often religion and family and particularly other women, who somehow feel invested in how you behave, as if your actions reflect directly on all womanhood.
Aldous Huxley|You never see animals going through the absurd and often horrible fooleries of magic and religion. . . . Dogs do not ritually urinate in the hope of persuading heaven to do the same and send down rain. Asses do not bray a liturgy to cloudless skies. Nor do cats attempt, by abstinence from cat's meat, to wheedle the feline spirits into benevolence. Only man behaves with such gratuitous folly. It is the price he has to pay for being intelligent but not, as yet, quite intelligent enough.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|I have always strenuously supported the right of every man to his own opinion, however different that opinion might be to mine. He who denies to another this right, makes a slave of himself to his present opinion, because he precludes himself the right of changing it.
Dalai Lama XIV|The purpose of all the major religious traditions is not to construct big temples on the outside, but to create temples of goodness and compassion inside, in our hearts.
Isaac Asimov, I. Asimov|I have never, in all my life, not for one moment, been tempted toward religion of any kind. The fact is that I feel no spiritual void. I have my philosophy of life, which does not include any aspect of the supernatural and which I find totally satisfying. I am, in short, a rationalist and believe only that which reason tells me is so.
Dwight L. Moody|Out of 100 men, one will read the Bible, the other 99 will read the Christian.
C.G. Jung|With a truly tragic delusion,” Carl Jung noted, “these theologians fail to see that it is not a matter of proving the existence of the light, but of blind people who do not know that their eyes could see. It is high time we realized that it is pointless to praise the light and preach it if nobody can see it. It is much more needful to teach people the art of seeing.
Philip Pullman|Religion begins in story. Yes, it does, because religion is an attempt to make sense of what is incomprehensible to us, what is inexplicable, what is awe-inspiring, what is frightening, what moves us to great wonder, and so on. That is the religious impulse, and it is part of our psychological makeup -- of everyone's psychological makeup.
Christopher Marlowe, Dr. Faustus|Mephistopheles: Why, this is hell, nor am I out of it.Think'st thou that I, who saw the face of GodAnd tasted the eternal joys of heaven,Am not tormented with ten thousand hellsIn being deprived of everlasting bliss?
Albert Einstein, Albert Einstein: The Human Side|It was, of course, a lie what you read about my religious convictions, a lie which is being systematically repeated. I do not believe in a personal God and I have never denied this but have expressed it clearly. If something is in me which can be called religious then it is the unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our science can reveal it.
Frank Herbert, Dune|When religion and politics travel in the same cart, the riders believe nothing can stand in their way. Their movements become headlong - faster and faster and faster. They put aside all thoughts of obstacles and forget the precipice does not show itself to the man in a blind rush until it's too late.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|Some of us look for the Way in opium and some in God, some of us in whiskey and some in love. It is all the same Way and it leads nowhither.
ʻAbd Allāh ibn ʻAlawī al-Ḥaddād|Reflection is the lamp of the heart. If it departs, the heart will have no light.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|According to most philosophers, God in making the world enslaved it. According to Christianity, in making it, He set it free. God had written, not so much a poem, but rather a play; a play he had planned as perfect, but which had necessarily been left to human actors and stage-managers, who had since made a great mess of it.
Anna Sewell, Black Beauty|There is no religion without love, and people may talk as much as they like about their religion, but if it does not teach them to be good and kind to man and beast, it is all a sham.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|The take-home message is that we should blame religion itself, not religious extremism - as though that were some kind of terrible perversion of real, decent religion. Voltaire got it right long ago: 'Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.' So did Bertrand Russell: 'Many people would sooner die than think. In fact they do.
Paulo Coelho, Like the Flowing River|All religions lead to the same God, and all deserve the same respect. Anyone who chooses a religion is also choosing a collective way for worshipping and sharing the mysteries. Nevertheless, that person is the only one responsible for his or her actions along the way and has no right to shift responsibility for any personal decisions on to that religion.
Maria Semple, Where'd You Go, Bernadette|Maybe that’s what religion is, hurling yourself off a cliff and trusting that something bigger will take care of you and carry you to the right place.
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life|It is wonderful how much time good people spend fighting the devil. If they would only expend the same amount of energy loving their fellow men, the devil would die in his own tracks of ennui.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|I have said that Texas is a state of mind, but I think it is more than that. It is a mystique closely approximating a religion. And this is true to the extent that people either passionately love Texas or passionately hate it and, as in other religions, few people dare to inspect it for fear of losing their bearings in mystery or paradox. But I think there will be little quarrel with my feeling that Texas is one thing. For all its enormous range of space, climate, and physical appearance, and for all the internal squabbles, contentions, and strivings, Texas has a tight cohesiveness perhaps stronger than any other section of America. Rich, poor, Panhandle, Gulf, city, country, Texas is the obsession, the proper study, and the passionate possession of all Texans.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Don't you love Jesus?' Well, I thought an' I thought an' finally I says, 'No, I don't know nobody name' Jesus. I know a bunch of stories, but I only love people.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|If God is for us, who can be against us?
Margaret Cho|I want Jesus to come back and say 'THATS NOT WHAT I MEANT'" -
Stasi Eldredge, Your Captivating Heart: Unveil the Beauty, Romance, and Adventure of a Woman's Soul|You see, women have been essential to every great move of God. Yes, Moses led the Isaelites out of Egypt, but only after his mother risked her life to save him! Closer to our time, Clara Barton was instrumental in starting the Red Cross. Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin put fire into people's heart to end slavery in the United States. Rosa Parks kicked the Civil Rights movement into gear with her quiet act of courage. Eunice Kennedy Shriver created the Special Olympics. Mother Teresa inspired the world by bringing love to countless thought unlovable. And millions of other women quietly change the world every day by bringing the love of God to those around them.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|You are free; you are free to go to your temples. You are free to go to your mosques or to any other places of worship in this State of Pakistan. You may belong to any religion, caste or creed—that has nothing to do with the business of the state.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|I knew then that I hadn't stopped believing in God. I'd just stopped believing God cared. There might be a God, Clary, and there might not, but I don't think it matters. Either way we're on our own.
William Paul Young, The Shack|So no, I’m not too big on religion...and not very fond of politics or economics either...And why should I be? They are the man-created trinity of terrors that ravages the earth and deceives those I care about. What mental turmoil and anxiety does any human face that is not related to one of those three?
Czesław Miłosz|A true opium of the people is a belief in nothingness after death - the huge solace of thinking that for our betrayals, greed, cowardice, murders we are not going to be judged.
Ruth Hurmence Green|I studied every page of this book, and I didn't find enough love to fill a salt shaker. God is not love in the Bible; God is vengeance, from Alpha to Omega.
Gloria Steinem, The Vagina Monologues|No wonder male religious leaders so often say that humans were born in sin—because we were born to female creatures. Only by obeying the rules of the patriarchy can we be reborn through men. No wonder priests and ministers in skirts sprinkle imitation birth fluid over our heads, give us new names, and promise rebirth into everlasting life.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Spurgeon's Sermons Vol. 1-10|‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎The mind of God is greater than all the minds of men, so let all men leave the gospel just as God has delivered it unto us.
Albert Einstein|A man's ethical behaviour should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties and needs; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death.
Flannery O'Connor|I think it is safe to say that while the South is hardly Christ-centered, it is most certainly Christ-haunted.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|The merest accident of microgeography had meant that the first man to hear the voice of Om, and who gave Om his view of humans, was a shepherd and not a goatherd. They have quite different ways of looking at the world, and the whole of history might have been different. For sheep are stupid, and have to be driven. But goats are intelligent, and need to be led.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|In the bible it says you have to forgive seventy times seven. I want you all to know, I'm keeping a chart.
Carl Sagan|You see, the religious people — most of them — really think this planet is an experiment. That's what their beliefs come down to. Some god or other is always fixing and poking, messing around with tradesmen's wives, giving tablets on mountains, commanding you to mutilate your children, telling people what words they can say and what words they can't say, making people feel guilty about enjoying themselves, and like that. Why can't the gods leave well enough alone? All this intervention speaks of incompetence. If God didn't want Lot's wife to look back, why didn't he make her obedient, so she'd do what her husband told her? Or if he hadn't made Lot such a shithead, maybe she would've listened to him more. If God is omnipotent and omniscient, why didn't he start the universe out in the first place so it would come out the way he wants? Why's he constantly repairing and complaining? No, there's one thing the Bible makes clear: The biblical God is a sloppy manufacturer. He's not good at design, he's not good at execution. He'd be out of business if there was any competition.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|I breathe in. The water will wash my wounds clean. I breathe out. My mother submerged me in water when I was a baby, to give me to God. It has been a long time since I thought about God, but I think about him now. It is only natural. I am glad, suddenly, that I shot Eric in the foot instead of the head.
Flannery O'Connor|The Catholic novelist in the South will see many distorted images of Christ, but he will certainly feel that a distorted image of Christ is better than no image at all. I think he will feel a good deal more kinship with backwoods prophets and shouting fundamentalists than he will with those politer elements for whom the supernatural is an embarrassment and for whom religion has become a department of sociology or culture or personality development.
Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style|Yoga is the art work of awareness on the canvas of body, mind, and soul.
George Carlin|This is a lttle prayer dedicated to the separation of church and state. I guess if they are going to force those kids to pray in schools they might as well have a nice prayer like this: Our Father who art in heaven, and to the republic for which it stands, thy kingdom come, one nation indivisible as in heaven, give us this day as we forgive those who so proudly we hail. Crown thy good into temptation but deliver us from the twilight's last gleaming. Amen and Awomen. 
Steve   Brown, Approaching God: Accepting the Invitation to Stand in the Presence of God|If there is no laughter, Jesus has gone somewhere else. If there is no joy and freedom, it is not a church: it is simply a crowd of melancholy people basking in a religious neurosis. If there is no celebration, there is no real worship.
Stephen Hawking|So long as the universe had a beginning, we could suppose it had a creator. But if the universe is really completely self-contained, having no boundary or edge, it would have neither beginning nor end: it would simply be. What place, then, for a creator?
John Lennon|I wasn't saying whatever they're saying I was saying. I'm sorry I said it really. I never meant it to be a lousy anti-religious thing. I apologize if that will make you happy. I still don't know quite what I've done. I've tried to tell you what I did do but if you want me to apologize, if that will make you happy, then OK, I'm sorry.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Don't tell anyone, but on the pagan day of the sun god Ra, I kneel at the foot of an ancient instrument of torture and consume ritualistic symbols of blood and flesh. ...And if any of you care to join me, come to the Harvard chapel on Sunday, kneel beneath the crucifix, and take Holy Communion.
Diana Wynne Jones|This is the mythosphere. It's made up of all the stories, theories and beliefs, legends, myths and hopes, that are generated here on Earth. As you can see, it's constantly growing and moving as people invent new tales to tell or find new things to believe. The older strands move out to become these spirals, where things tend to become quite crude and dangerous. They've hardened off, you see.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|If goodness has causes, it is not goodness; if it has effects, a reward, it is not goodness either. So goodness is outside the chain of cause and effect.
Karen Armstrong, The Spiral Staircase: My Climb Out of Darkness|Religion is not about accepting twenty impossible propositions before breakfast, but about doing things that change you. It is a moral aesthetic, an ethical alchemy. If you behave in a certain way, you will be transformed. The myths and laws of religion are not true because they they conform to some metaphysical, scientific or historical reality but because they are life enhancing. They tell you how human nature functions, but you will not discover their truth unless you apply these myths and doctrines to your own life and put them into practice.
Richard Dawkins, A Devil's Chaplain: Reflections on Hope, Lies, Science, and Love|The human psyche has two great sicknesses: the urge to carry vendetta across generations, and the tendency to fasten group labels on people rather than see them as individuals. Abrahamic religion mixes explosively with (and gives strong sanction to) both. Only the willfully blind could fail to implicate the divisive force of religion in most, if not all, of the violent enmities in the world today. Without a doubt it is the prime aggravator of the Middle East. Those of us who have for years politely concealed our contempt for the dangerous collective delusion of religion need to stand up and speak out. Things are different now. ‘All is changed, changed utterly.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|I believe in political equality. But there are two opposite reasons for being a democrat. You may think all men so good that they deserve a share in the government of the commonwealth, and so wise that the commonwealth needs their advice. That is, in my opinion, the false, romantic doctrine of democracy. On the other hand, you may believe fallen men to be so wicked that not one of them can be trusted with any irresponsible power over his fellows.	That I believe to be the true ground of democracy. I do not believe that God created an egalitarian world. I believe the authority of parent over child, husband over wife, learned over simple to have been as much a part of the original plan as the authority of man over beast. I believe that if we had not fallen...patriarchal monarchy would be the sole lawful government. But since we have learned sin, we have found, as Lord Acton says, that 'all power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.' The only remedy has been to take away the powers and substitute a legal fiction of equality. The authority of father and husband has been rightly abolished on the legal plane, not because this authority is in itself bad (on the contrary, it is, I hold, divine in origin), but because fathers and husbands are bad. Theocracy has been rightly abolished not because it is bad that learned priests should govern ignorant laymen, but because priests are wicked men like the rest of us. Even the authority of man over beast has had to be interfered with because it is constantly abused.
Albert Einstein, Ideas and Opinions|The religious geniuses of all ages have been distinguished by this kind of religious feeling, which knows no dogma and no God conceived in man's image; so that there can be no church whose central teachings are based on it. Hence it is precisely among the heretics of every age that we find men who were filled with this highest kind of religious feeling and were in many cases regarded by their contemporaries as atheists, sometimes also as saints. Looked at in this light, men like Democritus, Francis of Assisi, and Spinoza are closely akin to one another.
Dalai Lama XIV|We can reject everything else: religion, ideology, all receivedwisdom. But we cannot escape the necessity of love and compassion....This, then, is my true religion, my simple faith. In this sense, there is no needfor temple or church, for mosque or synagogue, no need for complicatedphilosophy, doctrine or dogma. Our own heart, our own mind, is the temple.The doctrine is compassion. Love for others and respect for their rights anddignity, no matter who or what they are: ultimately these are all we need.So long as we practice these in our daily lives, then no matter if we arelearned or unlearned, whether we believe in Buddha or God, or follow someother religion or none at all, as long as we have compassion for others andconduct ourselves with restraint out of a sense of responsibility, there isno doubt we will be happy.
Voltaire|If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.")
Bill Hicks|I'm sorry if any of you are catholic. I'm not sorry if you're offended, I'm actually just sorry by the fact that you're catholic
Christopher Hitchens|I am not even an atheist so much as an antitheist; I not only maintain that all religions are versions of the same untruth, but I hold that the influence of churches and the effect of religious belief, is positively harmful. Reviewing the false claims of religion I do not wish, as some sentimental materialists affect to wish, that they were true. I do not envy believers their faith. I am relieved to think that the whole story is a sinister fairy tale; life would be miserable if what the faithful affirmed was actually true.... There may be people who wish to live their lives under cradle-to-grave divine supervision, a permanent surveillance and monitoring. But I cannot imagine anything more horrible or grotesque.
Isaac Asimov|I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse.
Ruth Hurmence Green|I feel that we should stop wasting our time trying to please the supernatural and concentrate on improving the welfare of human beings. I think that, uh, we should use our energy and our initiative to solve our problems, and stop relying on prayer and wishful thinking. If we have faith in ourselves, we won't have to have faith in gods.
Martin Luther King Jr.|I said to my children, 'I'm going to work and do everything that I can do to see that you get a good education. I don't ever want you to forget that there are millions of God's children who will not and cannot get a good education, and I don't want you feeling that you are better than they are. For you will never be what you ought to be until they are what they ought to be.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|For the wages of sin is Death, but the gift of God is everlasting Life in Christ Jesus or LORD.
Sam Harris|What we do in every other area of our lives (other than religion), is, rather than respect somebody's beliefs, we evaluate their reasons.
Lee Ezell|Pray to God, but row towards shore.
Signe Pike, Faery Tale: One Woman's Search for Enchantment in a Modern World|In prehistoric times, early man was bowled over by natural events: rain, thunder, lightning, the violent shaking and moving of the ground, mountains spewing deathly hot lava, the glow of the moon, the burning heat of the sun, the twinkling of the stars. Our human brain searched for an answer, and the conclusion was that it all must be caused by something greater than ourselves - this, of course, sprouted the earliest seeds of religion. This theory is certainly reflected in faery lore. In the beautiful sloping hills of Connemara in Ireland, for example, faeries were believed to have been just as beautiful, peaceful, and pleasant as the world around them. But in the Scottish Highlands, with their dark, brooding mountains and eerie highland lakes, villagers warned of deadly water-kelpies and spirit characters that packed a bit more punch.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|There are always those who take it upon themselves to defend God, as if Ultimate Reality, as if the sustaining frame of existence, were something weak and helpless. These people walk by a widow deformed by leprosy begging for a few paise, walk by children dressed in rags living in the street, and they think, "Business as usual." But if they perceive a slight against God, it is a different story. Their faces go red, their chests heave mightily, they sputter angry words. The degree of their indignation is astonishing. Their resolve is frightening. These people fail to realize that it is on the inside that God must be defended, not on the outside. They should direct their anger at themselves. For evil in the open is but evil from within that has been let out. The main battlefield for good is not the open ground of the public arena but the small clearing of each heart. Meanwhile, the lot of widows and homeless children is very hard, and it is to their defense, not God's, that the self-righteous should rush.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|I try to deny myself any illusions or delusions, and I think that this perhaps entitles me to try and deny the same to others, at least as long as they refuse to keep their fantasies to themselves.
Richard Bach, Jonathan Livingston Seagull|We choose our next world through what we learn in this one. Learn nothing, and the next world is the same as this one, all the same limitations and lead weights to overcome.
John Lennon|…Christianity will go. It will vanish and shrink. I don't know what will go first, rock 'n' roll or Christianity. We're more popular than Jesus now. Jesus was all right, but his disciples were thick and ordinary. It's them twisting it that ruins it for me.
Harry Truman|We must remember that the test of our religious principles lies not just in what we say, not only in our prayers, not even in living blameless lives - but in what we do for others
Erich Fromm, Psychoanalysis and Religion|There is nothing inhuman, evil, or irrational which does not give some comfort, provided it is shared by a group.
Robert Clark|When asked why I don't believe in God I reply, quite simply, "vaginas".
Robert M. Pirsig|Like those in the valley behind us, most people stand in sight of the spiritual mountains all their lives and never enter them, being content to listen to others who have been there and thus avoid the hardships.
Neil Postman, The End of Education: Redefining the Value of School|Educators may bring upon themselves unnecessary travail by taking a tactless and unjustifiable position about the relation between scientific and religious narratives. We see this, of course, in the conflict concerning creation science. Some educators representing, as they think, the conscience of science act much like those legislators who in 1925 prohibited by law the teaching of evolution in Tennessee. In that case, anti-evolutionists were fearful that a scientific idea would undermine religious belief. Today, pro-evolutionists are fearful that a religious idea will undermine scientific belief. The former had insufficient confidence in religion; the latter insufficient confidence in science. The point is that profound but contradictory ideas may exist side by side, if they are constructed from different materials and methods and have different purposes. Each tells us something important about where we stand in the universe, and it is foolish to insist that they must despise each other.
Larken Rose|Politics: the art of using euphemisms, lies, emotionalism and fear-mongering to dupe average people into accepting--or even demanding--their own enslavement.
Christopher Hitchens|Indeed, it's futile to try and use Holy Scripture to support any political position. I deeply distrust anyone who does. Just look at what an Islamic Republic is like.
Neal Stephenson, The Diamond Age: or, A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer|Nell did not imagine that Constable Moore wanted to get into a detailed discussion of recent events, so she changed the subject. "I think I have finally worked out what you were trying to tell me, years ago, about being intelligent," she said.The Constable brightened all at once. "Pleased to hear it."The Vickys have an elaborate code of morals and conduct. It grew out of the moral squalor of an earlier generation, just as the original Victorians were preceded by the Georgians and the Regency. The old guard believe in that code because they came to it the hard way. They raise their children to believe in that code– but their children believe it for entirely different reasons."They believe it," the Constable said, "because they have been indoctrinated to believe it."Yes. Some of them never challenge it– they grow up to be smallminded people, who can tell you what they believe but not why they believe it. Others become disillusioned by the hypocrisy of the society and rebel– as did Elizabeth Finkle-McGraw."Which path do you intend to take, Nell?" said the Constable, sounding very interested. "Conformity or rebellion?"Neither one. Both ways are simple-minded– they are only for people who cannot cope with contradiction and ambiguity.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|I think I have a very good idea why it is that anti-Semitism is so tenacious and so protean and so enduring. Christianity and Islam, theistic though they may claim to be, are both based on the fetishizing of human primates: Jesus in one case and Mohammed in the other. Neither of these figures can be called exactly historical but both have one thing in common even in their quasi-mythical dimension. Both of them were first encountered by the Jews. And the Jews, ravenous as they were for any sign of the long-sought Messiah, were not taken in by either of these two pretenders, or not in large numbers or not for long.? I myself certainly hope that it will not. The Jews have seen through Jesus and Mohammed. In retrospect, many of them have also seen through the mythical, primitive, and cruel figures of Abraham and Moses. Nearer to our own time, in the bitter combats over the work of Marx and Freud and Einstein, Jewish participants and protagonists have not been the least noticeable. May this always be the case, whenever any human primate sets up, or is set up by others, as a Messiah.
Christopher Hitchens, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Nonbeliever|[R]eligion was the race's first (and worst) attempt to make sense of reality. It was the best the species could do at a time when we had no concept of physics, chemistry, biology or medicine. We did not know that we lived on a round planet, let alone that the said planet was in orbit in a minor and obscure solar system, which was also on the edge of an unimaginably vast cosmos that was exploding away from its original source of energy. We did not know that micro-organisms were so powerful and lived in our digestive systems in order to enable us to live, as well as mounting lethal attacks on us as parasites. We did not know of our close kinship with other animals. We believed that sprites, imps, demons, and djinns were hovering in the air about us. We imagined that thunder and lightning were portentous. It has taken us a long time to shrug off this heavy coat of ignorance and fear, and every time we do there are self-interested forces who want to compel us to put it back on again.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|Be brave. Be free from philosophies, prophets and holy lies. Go deep into your feelings and explore the mystery of your body, mind and soul. You will find the truth.
Hlovate, Versus|Sama juga kalau untuk contoh lelaki. Kalau baca Al - Quran hari-hari, tapi main bola nampak kepala lutut,tak cukup balik lagi.Atau kalau solat lima waktu sehari semalam tapi pegang tangan anak dara orang bukan mahram sesuka hati, tu belum cukup baik lagi.
William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure|The tempter or the tempted, who sins most?
Max Lucado, Just Like Jesus|God rewards those who seek Him. Not those who seek doctrine of religion or systems or creeds. Many settle for these lesser passions, but the reward goes to those who settle for nothing less than Jesus himself. And what is the reward? What awaits those who seek Jesus? Nothing short of the heart of Jesus.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|Every aspect of Nature reveals a deep mystery and touches our sense of wonder and awe. Those afraid of the universe as it really is, those who pretend to nonexistent knowledge and envision a Cosmos centered on human beings will prefer the fleeting comforts of superstition. They avoid rather than confront the world. But those with the courage to explore the weave and structure of the Cosmos, even where it differs profoundly from their wishes and prejudices, will penetrate its deepest mysteries.
C.S. Lewis|What we want is not more little books about Christianity, but more little books by Christians on other subjects--with their Christianity latent.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|They have not forgotten the Mysteries,' she said, ‘they have found them too difficult. They want a God who will care for them, who will not demand that they struggle for enlightenment, but who will accept them just as they are, with all their sins, and take away their sins with repentance. It is not so, it will never be so, but perhaps it is the only way the unenlightened can bear to think of their Gods.'Lancelot smiled bitterly. ‘Perhaps a religion which demands that every man must work though lifetime after lifetime for his own salvation is too much for mankind. They want not to wait for God's justice but to see it now. And that is the lure which this new breed of priests has promised them.'Morgaine knew that he spoke truth, and bowed her head in anguish. ‘And since their view of a God is what shapes their reality, so it shall be–the Goddess was real while mankind still paid homage to her, and created her form for themselves. Now they will make for themselves the kind of God they think they want–the kind of God they deserve, perhaps.'Well, so it must be, for as man saw reality, so it became.
Aldous Huxley|You never see animals going through the absurd and often horrible fooleries of magic and religion. . . . Only man behaves with such gratuitous folly. It is the price he has to pay for being intelligent but not, as yet, quite intelligent enough.
Alexandra Adornetto, Halo|I have church on Sunday.”“Of course you do.”“You’re welcome to come along.”“Thanks, but I’m allergic to incense.”“That’s a shame.”“It’s the bane of my existence.”- Beth and Jake
Rob Bell, Sex God: Exploring the Endless Connections between Sexuality and Spirituality|The danger is that in reaction to abuses and distortions of an idea, we'll reject it completely. And in the process miss out on the good of it, the worth of it, the truth of it.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Religion is for those who don't want to go to hell, and spirituality is for those who have already been there.
Mikhail Bakunin|People go to church for the same reasons they go to a tavern: to stupefy themselves, to forget their misery, to imagine themselves, for a few minutes anyway, free and happy.-- Circular Letter to My Friends in Italy
Henry B. Eyring|There are few ways in which good people do more harm to those who take them seriously than to defend the gospel with arguments that won't hold water. Many of the difficulties encountered by young people going to college would be avoided if parents and teachers were more careful to distinguish between what they know to be true and what they think may be true. Impetuous youth, upon finding the authority it trusts crumbling, even on unimportant details, is apt to lump everything together and throw the baby out with the bath.
Sarah Vowell, Unfamiliar Fishes|I guess if I had to pick a spiritual figurehead to possess the deed to the entirety of Earth, I'd go with Buddha, but only because he wouldn't want it.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|Sometimes the crime follows the punishment, which only serves to prove the foresight of the Great God.""That's what my grandmother used to say," said Brutha automatically."Indeed? I would like to know more about this formidable lady.""She used to give me a thrashing every morning because I would certainly do something to deserve it during the day," said Brutha."A most complete understanding of the nature of mankind,
Kazuo Ishiguro, When We Were Orphans|Everything might scatter. You might be right. I suppose it's something we can't easily get away from. People need to feel they belong. To a nation, to a race. Otherwise, who knows what might happen? This civilisation of ours, perhaps it'll just collapse. And everything scatter, as you put it.
Mike Resnick, The Outpost|You believe in God?" demanded Billy Karma."I believe in thirty-seven separate and distinct gods," answered Argyle proudly. "That puts me thirty-six ahead of you.""It makes you a pagan.""It makes you a man of limited vision," said Argyle.
Karen Armstrong, The Spiral Staircase: My Climb Out of Darkness|If your understanding of the divine made you kinder, more empathetic, and impelled you to express sympathy in concrete acts of loving-kindness, this was good theology. But if your notion of God made you unkind, belligerent, cruel, of self-righteous, or if it led you to kill in God's name, it was bad theology. 
Carl Sagan, Contact|Your religion assumes that people are children and need a boogeyman so they'll behave. You want people to believe in God so they'll obey the law. That's the only means that occurs to you: a strict secular police force, and the threat of punishment by an all-seeing God for whatever the police overlook. You sell human beings short.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|I could never work out whether we were to view religion as a life-insurance policy or a life sentence. I can understand a wrathful God who'd just as soon dangle us all from a hook. And I can understand a tender, unprejudiced Jesus. But I could never quite feature the two of them living in the same house. You wind up walking on eggshells, never knowing which... is at home at the moment.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Fresco|[T]he scripture worshippers put the writings ahead of God. Instead of interpreting God's actions in nature, for example, they interpret nature in the light of the Scripture. Nature says the rock is billions of years old, but the book says different, so even though men wrote the book, and God made the rock and God gave us minds that have found ways to tell how old it is, we still choose to believe the Scripture.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|[M]an has been accustomed, ever since he was a boy, to having a dozen incompatible philosophies dancing about together inside his head. He doesn't think of doctrines as primarily "true" or "false," but as "academic" or "practical," "outworn" or "contemporary," "conventional" or "ruthless." Jargon, not argument, is your best ally in keeping him from the Church. Don't waste time trying to make him think that materialism is true! Make him think it is strong or stark or courageous—that it is the philosophy of the future. That's the sort of thing he cares about.
Calvin Coolidge|Our government rests upon religion. It is from that source that we derive our reverence for truth and justice, for equality and liberality, and for the rights of mankind. Unless the people believe in these principles they cannot believe in our government. There are only two main theories of government in our world. One rests on righteousness and the other on force. One appeals to reason, and the other appeals to the sword. One is exemplified in the republic, the other is represented by despotism.The government of a country never gets ahead of the religion of a country. There is no way by which we can substitute the authority of law for the virtue of man. Of course we endeavor to restrain the vicious, and furnish a fair degree of security and protection by legislation and police control, but the real reform which society in these days is seeking will come as a result of our religious convictions, or they will not come at all. Peace, justice, humanity, charity—these cannot be legislated into being. They are the result of divine grace.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|I believe in those whom I love and trust. All else is foolishness. This god is as empty as his church. His followers choose to attribute all of their good fortune to him, but when he ignores their pleas or leaves them to suffer, they say only that he ignores their pleas or leaves them to suffer, they say only that he is beyond their understanding and abandon themselves to his will. What kind of god is that?
Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum|You say that you people don’t burn folk and sacrifice people anymore, but that’s what true faith would mean, y’see? Sacrificin’ your own life, one day at a time, to the flame, declarin’ the truth of it, workin’ for it, breathin’ the soul of it. That’s religion. Anything else is just . . . is just bein’ nice. And a way of keepin’ in touch with the neighbors.
Gore Vidal, At Home: Essays 1982-1988|To a born-again atheist like myself, it is clear that each of us has multiple selves, talents, perceptions. But to the Roman Catholic, unity is all.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, The Yellow Wallpaper and Other Writings|As for mother Eve - I wasn't there and can't deny the story, but I will say this. If she brought evil into the world, we men have had the lion's share of keeping it going ever since.
William Paul Young|religion is about having the right answers, and some of their answers are right... but i am about the process that takes you to the living answer... it will change you from the inside. there are a lot of smart people who are able to say a lot of right things from their brain because they have been told what the right answers are, but they don't know me at all. 
Michel Onfray, Atheist Manifesto: The Case Against Christianity, Judaism, and Islam|The three monotheism share a series of identical forms of aversion: hatred of reason and intelligence; hatred of freedom; hatred of all books in the name of one book alone; hatred of sexuality, women,and pleasure; hatred of feminine; hatred of body, of desires, of drives. Instead Judaism, Christianity, and Islam extol faith and belief, obedience and submission, taste for death and longing for the beyond, the asexual angel and chastity, virginity and monogamous love, wife and mother, soul and spirit. In other words, life crucified and nothingness exalted.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia|In our loss and fear we craved the acts of religion, the ceremonies that allow us to admit our helplessness, our dependence on the great forces we do not understand.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|A wise man once told me- he’s a muslim by the way- that he has more in common with a jew than he does a fanatic of his own religion. He has more in common with a rational, reasonable-minded Christian or a Buddhist or Hindu than he does with a fanatic of his own religion. In fact, he has more in common with a ration, reasonable-minded atheist than he does with a fanatic of his own religion
John F. Kennedy|I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute - where no Catholic prelate would tell the President (should he be Catholic) how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom to vote - where no church or church school is granted any public funds or political preference - and where no man is denied public office merely because his religion differs from the President who might appoint him or the people who might elect him.I believe in an America that is officially neither Catholic, Protestant nor Jewish - where no public official either requests or accepts instructions on public policy from the Pope, the National Council of Churches or any other ecclesiastical source - where no religious body seeks to impose its will directly or indirectly upon the general populace or the public acts of its officials - and where religious liberty is so indivisible that an act against one church is treated as an act against all.
Margot Adler|We are not evil. We don't harm or seduce people. We are not dangerous. We are ordinary people like you. We have families, jobs, hopes, and dreams. We are not a cult. This religion is not a joke. We are not what you think we are from looking at T.V. We are real. We laugh, we cry. We are serious. We have a sense of humor. You don't have to be afraid of us. We don't want to convert you. And please don't try to convert us. Just give us the same right we give you--to live in peace. We are much more similar to you than you think.
Randa Abdel-Fattah, Does My Head Look Big In This?|What’s the good of being true to your religion on the outside, if you don’t change what’s on the inside,were it really counts ?
Roger Zelazny, Creatures of Light and Darkness|A totally nondenominational prayer: Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care what I say, I ask, if it matters, that I be forgiven for anything I may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness.  Conversely, if not forgiveness but something else may be required to insure any possible benefit for which I may be eligible after the destruction of my body, I ask that this, whatever it may be, be granted or withheld, as the case may be, in such a manner as to insure said benefit. I ask this in my capacity as your elected intermediary between yourself and that which may not be yourself, but which may have an interest in the matter of your receiving as much as it is possible for you to receive of this thing, and which may in some way be influenced by this ceremony. Amen.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If you have to say or do something controversial, aim so that people will hate that they love it and not love that they hate it.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Being a vampire is not a curse. It’s a disease,” Tessa filled in. “But they still can’t enter hallowed ground, then? Does that mean they’re damned?” 	“That depends on what you believe,” said Jem. “And whether you believe in damnation at all.”	“But you hunt demons. You must believe in damnation!”	“I believe in good and evil,” said Jem. “And I believe the soul is eternal. I don’t believe in the fiery pit, the pitchforks, or the endless torment. I do not believe you can threaten people into goodness.
Sam Harris|Every one of the world's "great" religions utterly trivializes the immensity and beauty of the cosmos. Books like the Bible and the Koran get almost every significant fact about us and our world wrong. Every scientific domain -- from cosmology to psychology to economics -- has superseded and surpassed the wisdom of Scripture.Everything of value that people get from religion can be had more honestly, without presuming anything on insufficient evidence. The rest is self-deception, set to music.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|A boy said,“Everybody is my friend.”Beloved said,“No, not everybody can be your friend.” Boy said, “Each one of them is gifted to teach me something new in my life.” Beloved said, “I still don’t agree.” Boy again smilingly said, “Don’t divide human, ...divide your soul, you will have everybody as friend. In short, Friends are your own soul divided from you, who will guide you when you will move away from your path.
Cornel West|To be a Christian is to live dangerously, honestly, freely - to step in the name of love as if you may land on nothing, yet to keep on stepping because the something that sustains you no empire can give you and no empire can take away.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Senses of humor define people, as factions, deeper rooted than religious or political opinions. When carrying out everyday tasks, opinions are rather easy to set aside, but those whom a person shares a sense of humor with are his closest friends. They are always there to make the biggest influence.
Oscar Wilde|Truth, in matters of religion, is simply the opinion that has survived.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|It is a better world. A place where we ate responsible for our actions, where we can be kind to one another because we want to and becauseit is the right thing to do instead of being frightened into behaving by the threat of divine punishment.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|As for biblical or religious theory, I don’t ever want to fight about the details of the story, I want to live the reality of the message.
Silas Sparkhammer|For me, religion is like a rhinoceros: I don't have one, and I'd really prefer not to be trampled by yours.
Christopher Hitchens, Letters to a Young Contrarian|I have been called arrogant myself in my time, and hope to earn the title again, but to claim that I am privy to the secrets of the universe and its creator — that's beyond my conceit. I therefore have no choice but to find something suspect even in the humblest believer. Even the most humane and compassionate of the monotheisms and polytheisms are complicit in this quiet and irrational authoritarianism: they proclaim us, in Fulke Greville's unforgettable line, "Created sick — Commanded to be well." And there are totalitarian insinuations to back this up if its appeal should fail. Christians, for example, declare me redeemed by a human sacrifice that occurred thousands of years before I was born. I didn't ask for it, and would willingly have foregone it, but there it is: I'm claimed and saved whether I wish it or not. And if I refuse the unsolicited gift? Well, there are still some vague mutterings about an eternity of torment for my ingratitude. That is somewhat worse than a Big Brother state, because there could be no hope of its eventually passing away.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|So may the outward shows be least themselves:The world is still deceived with ornament.In law, what plea so tainted and corrupt,But, being seasoned with a gracious voice,Obscures the show of evil? In religion,What damned error, but some sober browWill bless it and approve it with a text,Hiding the grossness with fair ornament?There is no vice so simple but assumesSome mark of virtue on his outward parts.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|Why, I can't help wondering, is God thought to need such ferociousdefence? One might have supposed him amply capable of lookingafter himself.
H.L. Mencken|The trouble with Communism is the Communists, just as the trouble with Christianity is the Christians.
Mahatma Gandhi|Do not worry in the least about yourself, leave all worry to God,' - this appears to be the commandment in all religions. This need not frighten anyone. He who devotes himself to service with a clear conscience, will day by day grasp the necessity for it in greater measure, and will continually grow richer in faith. The path of service can hardly be trodden by one who is not prepared to renounce self-interest, and to recognize the conditions of his birth. Consciously or unconsciously, every one of us does render some service or other. If we cultivate the habit of doing this service deliberately, our desire for service will steadily grow stronger, and will make not only for our own happiness but that of the world at large.
Edmund White|In the past, when gays were very flamboyant as drag queens or as leather queens or whatever, that just amused people. And most of the people that come and watch the gay Halloween parade, where all those excesses are on display, those are straight families, and they think it's funny. But what people don't think is so funny is when two middle-aged lawyers who are married to each other move in next door to you and your wife and they have adopted a Korean girl and they want to send her to school with your children and they want to socialize with you and share a drink over the backyard fence. That creeps people out, especially Christians. So, I don't think gay marriage is a conservative issue. I think it's a radical issue.
Yuval Noah Harari, קיצור תולדות האנושות|The capitalist and consumerist ethics are two sides of the same coin, a merger of two commandments. The supreme commandment of the rich is ‘Invest!’ The supreme commandment of the rest of us is ‘Buy!’ The capitalist–consumerist ethic is revolutionary in another respect. Most previous ethical systems presented people with a pretty tough deal. They were promised paradise, but only if they cultivated compassion and tolerance, overcame craving and anger, and restrained their selfish interests. This was too tough for most. The history of ethics is a sad tale of wonderful ideals that nobody can live up to. Most Christians did not imitate Christ, most Buddhists failed to follow Buddha, and most Confucians would have caused Confucius a temper tantrum. In contrast, most people today successfully live up to the capitalist–consumerist ideal. The new ethic promises paradise on condition that the rich remain greedy and spend their time making more money and that the masses give free reign to their cravings and passions and buy more and more. This is the first religion in history whose followers actually do what they are asked to do. How though do we know that we'll really get paradise in return? We've seen it on television.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|When you see a man with a great deal of religion displayed in his shop window, you may depend upon it he keeps a very small stock of it within.
Joseph Smith Jr.|You don't know me; you never knew my heart. No man knows my history. I cannot tell it: I shall never undertake it. I don't blame any one for not believing my history. If I had not experienced what I have, I would not have believed it myself. I never did harm any man since I was born in the world. My voice is always for peace.
Ibn Hazm Al-Andalusi|Do not use your energy except for a cause more noble than yourself. Such a cause cannot be found except in Almighty God Himself: to preach the truth, to defend womanhood, to repel humiliation which your Creator has not imposed upon you, to help the oppressed. Anyone who uses his energy for the sake of the vanities of the world is like someone who exchanges gemstones for gravel. There is no nobility in anyone who lacks faith. The wise man knows that the only fitting price for his soul is a place in Paradise...
Anatole France|The average man, who does not know what to do with his life, wants another one which will last forever.
Joyce Meyer|You can have Jesus in your spirit and have an outrageous mess in your soul, and if you don't know what that's called, it's called religion.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|I wonder that religion can live or die on the strength of a faint, stirring breeze. The scent trail shifts, causing the predator to miss the pounce. One god draws in the breath of life and rises; another god expires.
B.R. Ambedkar|In the Hindu religion, one can[not] have freedom of speech. A Hindu must surrender his freedom of speech. He must act according to the Vedas. If the Vedas do not support the actions, instructions must be sought from the Smritis, and if the Smritis fail to provide any such instructions, he must follow in the footsteps of the great men. He is not supposed to reason. Hence, so long as you are in the Hindu religion, you cannot expect to have freedom of thought
Merlin Stone, When God Was a Woman|Yet rather than calling the earliest religions, which embraced such an open acceptance of all human sexuality, 'fertility cults,' we might consider the religions of today as strange in that they seem to associate shame and even sin with the very process of conceiving new human life. Perhaps centuries from now scholars and historians will be classifying them as 'sterility cults.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: The New King James Version|Finaly, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might. Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. -Ephesians 6:10-11
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Without the support from religion--remember, we talked about it--no father, using only his own resources, would be able to bring up a child.
Nikola Tesla, Inventions, Researches and Writings of Nikola Tesla|Science is opposed to theological dogmas because science is founded on fact. To me, the universe is simply a great machine which never came into being and never will end. The human being is no exception to the natural order. Man, like the universe, is a machine. Nothing enters our minds or determines our actions which is not directly or indirectly a response to stimuli beating upon our sense organs from without. Owing to the similarity of our construction and the sameness of our environment, we respond in like manner to similar stimuli, and from the concordance of our reactions, understanding is born. In the course of ages, mechanisms of infinite complexity are developed, but what we call 'soul' or 'spirit,' is nothing more than the sum of the functionings of the body. When this functioning ceases, the 'soul' or the 'spirit' ceases likewise.I expressed these ideas long before the behaviorists, led by Pavlov in Russia and by Watson in the United States, proclaimed their new psychology. This apparently mechanistic conception is not antagonistic to an ethical conception of life.
Seth Grahame-Smith, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter|These fools who haven't the slightest idea how to live the morals they espouse. These fools who proclaim themselves men of God, yet show not the slightest reverance to His word...Is it any different from a drunkard preaching temperance? A whore preaching modesty?
Christopher Hitchens|Those of us who write and study history are accustomed to its approximations and ambiguities. This is why we do not take literally the tenth-hand reports of frightened and illiterate peasants who claim to have seen miracles or to have had encounters with messiahs and prophets and redeemers who were, like them, mere humans. And this is also why we will never submit to dictation from those who display a fanatical belief in certainty and revelation.
Christopher Hitchens, Letters to a Young Contrarian|I find something repulsive about the idea of vicarious redemption. I would not throw my numberless sins onto a scapegoat and expect them to pass from me; we rightly sneer at the barbaric societies that practice this unpleasantness in its literal form. There's no moral value in the vicarious gesture anyway. As Thomas Paine pointed out, you may if you wish take on a another man's debt, or even to take his place in prison. That would be self-sacrificing. But you may not assume his actual crimes as if they were your own; for one thing you did not commit them and might have died rather than do so; for another this impossible action would rob him of individual responsibility. So the whole apparatus of absolution and forgiveness strikes me as positively immoral, while the concept of revealed truth degrades the concept of free intelligence by purportedly relieving us of the hard task of working out the ethical principles for ourselves.
Aristotle|A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion. Subjects are less apprehensive of illegal treatment from a ruler whom they consider god-fearing and pious. On the other hand, they do less easily move against him, believing that he has the gods on his side.
Michael Shermer|There are many sources of spirituality; religion may be the most common, but it is by no means the only. Anything that generates a sense of awe may be a source of spirituality. Science does this in spades.
George Carlin|You know who I pray to? Joe Pesci. Two reasons: First of all, I think he's a good actor, okay? To me, that counts. Second, he looks like a guy who can get things done. Joe Pesci doesn't fuck around. In fact, Joe Pesci came through on a couple of things that God was having trouble with.
Martin Luther|In the midst of the affliction He counsels, strengthens confirms, nourishes, and favors us.... More over, when we have repented, He instantly remits the sins as well as the punishments. In the same manner parents ought to handle their children.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|Saying someone is religious is heard in most of America as a compliment, a reassuring affirmation that someone will be moral, ethical, and after a few glasses of wine, a freak in the bedroom.
G.K. Chesterton|A man must be prepared not only to be a martyr, but to be a fool. It is absurd to say that a man is ready to toil and die for his convictions if he is not even ready to wear a wreathe around his head for them.
John Piper, The Passion of Jesus Christ|We are not as Christ-centered and cross-cherishing as we should be, because we do not ponder the truth that everything good, and everything bad that God turns for the good, was purchased by the sufferings of Christ.
H.L. Mencken, H.L. Mencken on Religion|One of the most irrational of all the conventions of modern society is the one to the effect that religious opinions should be respected. …[This] convention protects them, and so they proceed with their blather unwhipped and almost unmolested, to the great damage of common sense and common decency. that they should have this immunity is an outrage. There is nothing in religious ideas, as a class, to lift them above other ideas. On the contrary, they are always dubious and often quite silly. Nor is there any visible intellectual dignity in theologians. Few of them know anything that is worth knowing, and not many of them are even honest.
Ramakrishna|Common men talk bagfuls of religion but do not practise even a grain of it. The wise man speaks a little, even though his whole life is religion expressed in action.
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|Though, I was born a Hindu, I solemnly assure you that I will not die as a Hindu
Nikos Kazantzakis, The Last Temptation of Christ|You will, Judas, my brother. God will give you the strength, as much as you lack, because it is necessary—it is necessary for me to be killed and for you to betray me. We two must save the world. Help me."Judas bowed his head. After a moment he asked, "If you had to betray your master, would you do it?"Jesus reflected for a long time. Finally he said, "No, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to. That is why God pitied me and gave me the easier task: to be crucified.
George Carlin, When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?|To my way of thinking, there is every bit as much evidence for theexistence of UFOs as there is for the existence of God. Probably farmore. At least in the case of UFOs there have been countless tapedand filmed and, by the way, unexplained sightings from all over theworld, along with documented radar evidence seen by experiencedmilitary and civilian radar operators.>>
Jonathan Edwards|He that has doctrinal knowledge and speculation only, without affection, never is engaged in the business of religion.
Deb Caletti, The Nature of Jade|They say religion is about love, but you wonder how much of it really is about fear.
Christopher Pike, The Red Dice|No religion is perfect, not after man gets through with it.
George Weinberg|Man created God in his image: intolerant, sexist, homophobic and violent.
Barbara Kingsolver|So you make this deal with the gods. You do these dances and they'll send rain and good crops and the whole works? And nothing bad will ever happen. Right.' Prayer had always struck me as more or less a glorified attempt at a business transaction. A rain dance even more so. them to happen. It has to do with keeping things in balance.'In balance.'.'And what is the deal?' I asked.We're on our own. The spirits have been good enough to let us live here and use the utilities, and we're saying: We know how nice you're being. We appreciate the rain, we appreciate the sun, we appreciate the deer we took. Sorry if we messed up anything. You've gone to a lot of trouble, and we'll try to be good guests.'Like a note you'd send somebody after you stayed in their house?'Exactly like that. 'Thanks for letting me sleep on your couch. I took some beer out of the refrigerator, and I broke a coffee cup. Sorry, I hope it wasn't your favorite one.
Masaru Emoto, Secret Life of Water|No one particular religion has been able to secure the exclusive rights for the power of prayer. No matter who you are, we all have the ability to take advantage of this amazing and wonderful power. Once you realize this, you will then be filled with the desire to help others realize this as well. More and more people are resonating with this understanding, and this could result in a more wonderful future for mankind. (165)
Shūsaku Endō, Scandal|True religion should be able to respond to the dark melodies, the faulty and hideous sounds that echo from the heart of men.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Why can't we simply borrow what is useful to us from Buddhism, Hinduism, Taoism, especially Zen, as we borrow from Christianity, science, American Indian traditions and world literature in general, including philosophy, and let the rest go hang? Borrow what we need but rely principally upon our own senses, common sense and daily living experience.
Abigail Roux, Crash & Burn|I'm Catholic. I don't pray, I just ask for forgiveness after.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|Most of the time it's not the Europeans who belittle us. What happens when we look at them is that we belittle ourselves. When we undertake the pilgrimage, it's not just to escape the tyranny at home but also to reach to the depths of our souls. The day arrives when the guilty must return to save those who could not find the courage to leave.
Umera Ahmed- Peer-e-Kamil|The most difficult dilemma for a person is perhaps when his heart testifies to an inevitable reality yet his tongue will not proclaim it, when his mind screams in acceptance of truth but he cant bring himself to state it.
Robin Brande, Evolution, Me & Other Freaks of Nature|Maybe if I had to boil it down to one easy sentence, it would be this: I believe in evolution, and I believe in God. I just haven't worked out the details yet.
Merlin Stone, When God Was a Woman|Many questions come to mind. How influenced by contemporary religions were many of the scholars who wrote the texts available today? How many scholars have simply assumed that males have always played the dominant role in leadership and creative invention and projected this assumption into their analysis of ancient cultures? Why do so many people educated in this century think of classical Greece as the first major culture when written language was in use and great cities built at least twenty-five centuries before that time? And perhaps most important, why is it continually inferred that the age of the "pagan" religions, the time of the worship of female deities (if mentioned at all), was dark and chaotic, mysterious and evil, without the light of order and reason that supposedly accompanied the later male religions, when it has been archaeologically confirmed that the earliest law, government, medicine, agriculture, architecture, metallurgy, wheeled vehicles, ceramics, textiles and written language were initially developed in societies that worshiped the Goddess? We may find ourselves wondering about the reasons for the lack of easily available information on societies who, for thousands of years, worshiped the ancient Creatress of the Universe.
Eugene V. Debs, Voices of a People's History of the United States|In every age it has been the tyrant, the oppressor and the exploiter who has wrapped himself in the cloak of patriotism, or religion, or both to deceive and overawe the People.", June 16, 1918)
Penn Jillette, God, No! Signs You May Already Be an Atheist and Other Magical Tales|If every trace of any single religion were wiped out and nothing were passed on, it would never be created exactly that way again. There might be some other nonsense in its place, but not that exact nonsense. If all of science were wiped out, it would still be true and someone would find a way to figure it all out again.
Richard Rohr, Breathing Underwater: Spirituality and the 12 Steps|Christians are usually sincere and well-intentioned people until you get to any real issues of ego, control power, money, pleasure, and security. Then they tend to be pretty much like everybody else. We often given a bogus version of the Gospel, some fast-food religion, without any deep transformation of the self; and the result has been the spiritual disaster of "Christian" countries that tend to be as consumer-oriented, proud, warlike, racist, class conscious, and addictive as everybody else-and often more so, I'm afraid.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I couldn't get Him out of my head. Still can't. I spent three solid days thinking about Him. The more He bothered me, the less I coul forget Him. And the more I learned about Him, the less I wanted to leave Him.
Martin Luther|The best way to drive out the devil, if he will not yield to texts of Scripture, is to jeer and flout him, for he cannot bear scorn.
Flemming Rose|If a believer demands that I, as a nonbeliever, observe his taboos in the public domain, he is not asking for my respect, but for my submission.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Mother Night|There are plenty of good reasons for fighting, I said, but no good reason ever to hate without reservation, to imagine that God Almighty Himself hates with you, too.
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|Where questions of religion are concerned, people are guilty of every possible sort of dishonesty and intellectual misdemeanor.
John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent|Like most modern people, I don't believe in prophecy or magic and then spend half my time practicing it.
George H. Smith, Atheism: The Case Against God|It is my firm conviction that man has nothing to gain, emotionally or otherwise, by adhering to a falsehood, regardless of how comfortable or sacred that falsehood may appear. Anyone who claims, on the one hand, that he is concerned with human welfare, and who demands, on the other hand, that man must suspend or renounce the use of his reason, is contradicting himself. There can be no knowledge of what is good for man apart from knowledge of reality and human nature, and there is no manner in which this knowledge can be acquired except through reason. To advocate irrationality is to advocate that which is destructive to human life.
John Bytheway|And I, Nephi, took one of the daughters of Ishmael to wife.' Well Mr. Go-And-Do just went and did!
Salman Rushdie|If I were asked for a one-sentence sound bite on religion, I would say I was against it.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|When we passed a Catholic church, I recalled, he said, "You think your dad's a good chemist? They're turning soda crackers into meat in there. Can your dad do that?
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|What he realised, and more clearly as time went on, was that money-worship has been elevated into a religion. Perhaps it is the only real religion-the only felt religion-that is left to us. Money is what God used to be. Good and evil have no meaning any longer except failure and success. Hence the profoundly significant phrase, to make good. The decalogue has been reduced to two commandments. One for the employers-the elect, the money priesthood as it were- 'Thou shalt make money'; the other for the employed- the slaves and underlings'- 'Thou shalt not lose thy job.' It was about this time that he came across The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists and read about the starving carpenter who pawns everything but sticks to his aspidistra. The aspidistra became a sort of symbol for Gordon after that. The aspidistra, the flower of England! It ought to be on our coat of arms instead of the lion and the unicorn. There will be no revolution in England while there are aspidistras in the windows.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|To be honest, one can only feel glad that so many modern iconoclasts consider Christianity to be full of exceptionally hypocritical, religious zealots - it's biblically accurate and a prophecy fulfilled. The old smoke screen is one of Satan's favorite tricks. He conceals the authentic. He has a persistent strategy of targeting those who remind him of Christianity because he fears those who remind him of Christ.
Bill Gates|Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There`s a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.
Thomas Aquinas|Grant me, O Lord my God, a mind to know you, a heart to seek you, wisdom to find you, conduct pleasing to you, faithful perseverance in waiting for you, and a hope of finally embracing you. Amen.
Jack D. Forbes, Columbus and Other Cannibals: The Wetiko Disease of Imperialism, Exploitation and Terrorism|Religion is, in reality, living. Our religion is not what we profess, or what we say, or what we proclaim; our religion is what we do, what we desire, what we seek, what we dream about, what we fantasize, what we think - all these things - twenty-four hours a day. One's religion, then, is ones life, not merely the ideal life but the life as it is actually lived. Religion is not prayer, it is not a church, it is not theistic, it is not atheistic, it has little to do with what white people call "religion." It is our every act. If we tromp on a bug, that is our religion; if we experiment on living animals, that is our religion; if we cheat at cards, that is our religion; if we dream of being famous, that is our religion; if we gossip maliciously, that is our religion; if we are rude and aggressive, that is our religion. All that we do, and are, is our religion.
Greg Graffin|Countries with a high percentage of nonbelievers are among the freest, most stable, best-educated, and healthiest nations on earth. When nations are ranked according to a human-development index, which measures such factors as life expectancy, literacy rates, and educational attainment, the five highest-ranked countries -- Norway, Sweden, Australia, Canada, and the Netherlands -- all have high degrees of nonbelief. Of the fifty countires at the bottom of the index, all are intensly religious. The nations with the highest homicide rates tend to be more religious; those with the greatest levels of gender equality are the least religious. These associations say nothing about whether atheism leads to positive social indicators or the other way around. But the idea that atheists are somehow less moral, honest, or trustworthy have been disproven by study after study.
Sam Harris|If faith is what you have to go on, if faith is the link between your beliefs and the world at large, your beliefs are very likely to be wrong. Beliefs can be right or wrong. If you believe you can fly, that belief is only true if indeed you can fly. Somebody who thinks he can fly, and is wrong about it, will eventually discover there's a problem with his view of the world.
C.G. Jung, Modern Man in Search of a Soul|I have treated many hundreds of patients. Among those in the second half of life - that is to say, over 35 - there has not been one whose problem in the last resort was not that of finding a religious outlook on life. It is safe to say that every one of them fell ill because he had lost that which the living religions of every age have given their followers, and none of them has really been healed who did not regain his religious outlook.
Ramana Maharshi|Aim high, aim at the highest, and all lower aims are thereby achieved. It is looking below on the stormy sea of differences that makes you sink. Look up, beyond these and see the One Glorious Real, and you are saved.
Celia Rivenbark, Bless Your Heart, Tramp: And Other Southern Endearments|Jehovah's Witness are welcomed into my home...You gotta respect anybody who gets all dressed up in Sunday clothes and goes door-to-door on days so hot their high heels sink a half-inch into the pavement.The trick is to do all the talking yourself. Pretty soon, they'll look at their watches and say, 'Speaking of end times, wouldja look at what time it is now!
Lemmy Kilmister|The only interesting thing about religion is how many people it's slaughtered. Communism and Nazism are religions as well, make no mistake about it.
John Piper, The Passion of Jesus Christ|The only answer in these modern times, as in all other times, is the blood of Christ. When our conscience rises up and condemns us, where will we turn? We turn to Christ. We turn to the suffering and death of Christ—the blood of Christ. This is the only cleansing agent in the universe that can give the conscience relief in life and peace in death.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali|The morning after the 9/11 attacks...we began talking about the Twin Towers attack. Ruud shook his head sadly about it all. He said, "It's so weird, isn't it, all these people saying this has to do with Islam?" I couldn't help myself...I blurted out, "But it *is* about Islam. This is based in belief. This is Islam." Ruud said, "Ayaan, of course these people may have been Muslims, but they are a lunatic fringe. We have extremist Christians, too, who interpret the bible literally. Most Muslims do not believe these things. To say so is to disparage a faith which is the second largest religion in the world, and which is civilized, and peaceful." I walked into the office thinking, "I have to wake these people up."...The Dutch had forgotten that it was possible for people to stand up and wage war, destroy property, imprison, kill, impose laws of virtue because of the call of God. That kind of religion hadn't been present in Holland for centuries. It was not a lunatic fringe who felt this way about America and the West. I knew that a vast mass of Muslims would see the attacks as justified retaliation against the infidel enemies of Islam.
Flannery O'Connor, The Habit of Being: Letters of Flannery O'Connor|Children know by instinct that hell is an absence of love, and they can pick out theirs without missing.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|There seem to be only two kinds of people: Those who think that metaphors are facts, and those who know that they are not facts. Those who know they are not facts are what we call "atheists," and those who think they are facts are "religious." Which group really gets the message?
