Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Mind and man what is in today and make today the solid foundation for tomorrow. Focus on what tomorrow brings ans let yesterday be yesterday. If there are lessons to learn from yesterday, don’t neglect them and don’t be crippled by the negativity of yesterday; Only use them as the best panacea and antidote to the ‘had I knows’ of tomorrow you are yet to meet!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You left yesterday hoping to see tomorrow and you shall surely see today so far us you have life. Mind and man what is in today and make today the solid foundation for tomorrow. Focus on what tomorrow brings and let yesterday be yesterday. If there are lessons to learn from yesterday, don’t neglect them and don’t be crippled by the negativity of yesterday; only use them as the best panacea and antidote to the ‘had I knows’ of tomorrow you are yet to meet!
Kevin Focke|Progress is hard, achievements are easy, and giving up is easier still.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You shall only continue to feel bitter when you continue to make your mind the door step for footprints of bitterness! When you mind your mind, you mind your mind, you mind your heart, you mind your body and you mind your spirit! The only rest stop in your body for bitterness is your mind. Don’t forget! mind your mind!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You shall only continue to feel bitter when you continue to make your mind the doorstep for footprints of bitterness! When you mind your mind, you mind your mind, you mind your heart, you mind your body and you mind your spirit! The only rest stop in your body for bitterness is your mind. Don’t forget! Mind your mind!
Delma Pryce, ABOVE AND BEYOND: My Spiritual Journey|Just do what you were going to do, before you said you were going to do it.
Bharat|If you love somebody, go get them. Deal with the mess later. They are important more than anything.... You don't know what tomorrow will bring.......... and sometimes tomorrow never come ........
Viola Shipman, The Charm Bracelet|The Mustard Seed CharmWith Faith As Small As A Mustard Seed, Then You Can Move Mountains: Nothing Will Be Impossible
Alex Haditaghi, Softly, As I Leave Her|Passion to a person is what gas is to a car. Without it, you won't go anywhere!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Until you learn how to confidently say NO to so many things, you shall always say YES to so many things. The real summary of a regretful life is a life that failed to balance YES and NO. Yes! A life that failed to recognize when to courageously say NO and when to confidently say YES!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|for me, to say I yet to begin gives me reasons not to look back and see what I have done but ,to look ahead and see, understand and plan for what I am yet to do
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|for me, to say that I am yet to begin gives me the real reason not to look back and see what I have done but, to look ahead and see, understand and plan for what I am yet to do
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There shall always be a day and a night until the world meets its ebb and we shall always hope to sleep and wake up to see another day! Such is called life! So many people have life, but, few people are living. We shall continue to exist from dawn to dusk having life and living or just having life!
Eileen Anglin|All of the the books, the readings, the workshops, the ah-ha moments won't change your life unless you put actions behind them.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When people leave you, identify why they left and think about what is left
Amit Kalantri|Nation needs soldiers, politics needs civilians.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Let's fall, or rather rise, in Love.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|In depression, buy gas balloons; they would make you feel lighter.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Give it a try.. for you are born to fly high; don’t sit on the shores, don’t wait and sigh.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|We both were there, but alone. "Bye," she said and left; I was alone; again, one more time.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Life is like a painting. Imagine it, hit and try drawing with the pencil of first steps, fill in the colors of happiness, correct the mistakes with eraser of love and forgiveness; thus, one dream project is accomplished. Create such masterpieces just like that.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|With due respect, Truck-off.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|One of the way to get attention is to write a book titled, "How to get attention.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Wow! So beautiful. Which star? Planet, not star; It WAS called Earth.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Life is simple, as simple as Quant.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|The emptiness that fills in when once-the-beloved says, "Who are you?
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Contra: Why don't you trust me honey? Wait, rather I doubt that you are in a going around.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Jo dimaag ki dahi banaaye, uski lassi kardo, aur chill maro. (If someone makes curd of your brain then churn them to buttermilk and chill).
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Do as gas balloons do, while in depression; inhale helium of happiness and fly high.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Suppose that we could close our eyes today and see the real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow, we would have never wished to open our eyes again for the real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow never ends!
Amit Kalantri|Don't fight to be right, but fight when you are right.
Eileen Anglin|Your imperfections should not stop you from moving towards your dreams. If you wait until you are perfect, or "good enough" your dreams will remain just a dream.
Eileen Anglin|If something is truly important to you, you will find the time.
Eileen Anglin|Create new daily choices to embrace that you are good enough and you are worthy enough, just as you are, right now.
Lidiya K., This Moment|Every place you don’t want to be at feels like a prison. And we have so many desires, expectations and go back to the past and think about the future so often, that I can safely say that we live in such a prison all the time.So each time you wish you were somewhere else right now is another solid wall you build and thus make this imaginary building even stronger.
Janey Colbourne|Gratitude makes the world a softer, kinder place. It softens that brittle shell of defence. There is always something to be grateful for, no matter how small or simple.
Stephen Richards|When you accept you are a winner, that is when you will triumph.
Stephen Rayment|It's the bright one, It's the right one, that's success.
Adhish Mazumder, Versed with Life|There lived a poet in the lands of gold,Wrote along poems unaffected by warmth or cold,His words spoke truth and pen's stroke was bold,His only motive: lives to mould
Matthew T.  Cross, The Resume Design Book: How to Write a Resume in College & Influence Employers to Hire You [Color Edition]|Take the path less traveled and learn from your mistakes. Don’t just let life happen around you; control your future. Learn to ask questions, set small goals, and dream of big ones. Absorb any criticism and let it fuel you. Convince others that you are worthy of your dream, and show them that you are willing to put up a damn good fight for it.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Talk only if it's worth, else it harms your worth only.
Lindsey Rietzsch, The Happy Lady|Now, I don't smile because I have a perfect life or even because I'm having a perfect day - I smile because that's how I choose to deal with whatever life throws my way.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Putting 100% effort into "trying" will always make you successful. With that in mind it's important to remember that the effort part is never easy.
Lindsey Rietzsch, The Happy Lady|Do we need to wait until the next life to experience true happiness? Of course not; we can experience it now. By making that choice to be happy and optimistic, we can have a little bit of Heaven on Earth.
Lidiya K., This Moment|Everything real is in the present moment. Only here can we find happiness and harmony, feel alive and do something that will change our future. Only here can we be with the people we love, enjoy the things we like and see beautiful places.
Lidiya K., This Moment|I’ve noticed that most of us don’t realize how important this moment is. They take it for granted, know it’s brief and think that it can’t change anything. But I think it can change it all.
Vishwanath S J|If the race isn't over after you have won, then it wasn't your game!
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|If you want to know whether or not you have had a successful life, think about what people would say about you at your own funeral.
Eileen Anglin|No matter how different you are, your idea is, your art, your writing, your product, your concept, show it to the world. Just do it. Show who you are to the world. This is what you are here to do.
Eileen Anglin|You are part of God's plan and if you stop yourself because you don't think you are not good enough, we lose your unique and needed contribution to the world. Your life was a gift, and what you do with it will be a gift to God.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|If you don't believe in yourself, who will?
RVM|Happiness is a shadow. If you chase it, it moves further away. But if you turn to make others happy, it will follow you. Make others Happy and be Happy.-RVM
Stephanie Lahart|There’s No Denying It. It’s a great feeling when others believe in you. But today, I want to encourage you to believe in yourself, no matter what! Always believe in yourself, wholeheartedly. No matter what people may say or think, if YOU believe in your capabilities to do something, DO IT. Allow your passion to motivate you every step of your journey. Allow your passion to give you strength when doubt tries to set in. Stay true to yourself and do it how YOU see it! And remember: It’s okay to be different! Be uniquely YOU.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|To fail at trying is worse than to fail after trying. If we never try, then we never learn.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|As we grow and progress in life, a lot of things and people need to be left behind. Not for malice but as a necessity!
Vishwanath S J|Fear doesn't let you fail, it releases you from illusion!
Amit Kalantri|People regret not achieving enough success in life, they should regret missing many opportunities in life.
Amit Kalantri|You need not to hate most of the people, life already hates them.
Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit|The beauty of adversity is that when we hit bottom, the only way to go is up.
Kevin Focke|I think the suicide rate is so high among writers because we force ourselves to stand still, take an outsider’s perspective, and realise how quickly a life passes by, and how futile we are. The exhilarating upside is that at a moment’s glance all your worries fade away, and you can work on making the most of it.
Maxx Alexis|Don't tell people what you're doing, tell them what you did!
Dan Alatorre|Pound it out, get it done, write every day. No excuses. Kerouac said you can’t wait for inspiration, you have to go after it with a club. Damn straight. You’ll sleep a lot better getting your word count in than another quick Twitter check or keeping up to date on the Kardashians.
Michael A. Contés II|The journey may be long for those who accept the challenge. And, if you endure the storms along the way the rewards for doing so are that much greater.
Dan Alatorre|You have to put yourself out there as a writer, you can’t play it safe.
Matshona Dhiliwayo|Know the limitations of your mind,and then excel them.Know the limitations of your heart,and then surpass them.Know the limitations of your soul,and then transcend them.
RVM|Do what YOU want to do because if you don’t, you are nothing but your own slave.-RVM
Amit Kalantri|If one Godfather offers you an opportunity and another Godfather offers you an advantage, go with the former.
Vishwanath S J|Love" is a brilliant defying logic that thrives on human weaknesses!
Amit Kalantri|God does not showers blessings, he showers opportunities.
Mark W. Boyer|I am not smart, I pay attention.I am not considerate, I listen.I am not patient, I make time. I’m not lucky, I work hard.
John Mark Green|When did your flight plan become a holding pattern, always circling happiness, but never allowed to land? Distracted by in-flight movies, drinks, and snacks, until the fuel runs out. Is this really all there is? Is this what you want out of life?
Amit Kalantri|When you see your feet with no footwear, also see those with no feet.
Amit Kalantri|Like an energy even an opportunity cannot be destroyed, if you don't accept, it goes to someone else.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Shifting perspective(s) and being proactive are essential to your our life paths, progress and possibilities: "Just because a door appears closed it does not mean that it is locked - nor that it will not open with the right heart, call or touch
Mark W. Boyer|Being a good leader does not require you possessing a fancy title, no more than possessing a fancy title makes you a good leader.
Deborah Brodie|Your heart can be broken, but your soul never bleeds.
- Michael A. Contés II|If you make your own path in this thing we call life, you will forever know that it was yours and not someone else's. - Michael A. Contés II
- Michael A. Contés II|If you make your own path in this thing we call life, you will forever know that it was yours and not someone else's.
Michael A. Contés II|This is not a dirty little secret which was discovered just yesterday. But, if you follow the Golden Rule, good things happen to you and those around you.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Every great athlete, artist and aspiring being has a great team to help them flourish and succeed - personally and professionally. Even the so-called 'solo star' has a strong supporting cast helping them shine, thrive and take flight.
Shenita Etwaroo|Be kind. Be kind to others, be kind to animals, be kind to yourself. Smile at the mailman, pet your dog, buy yourself an ice cream cone. Spreading kindness in this world is the noblest thing a person can do.
Shenita Etwaroo|When everything seems hopeless, turn your mind toward the three people who mean most to you in this world. Think about what you must mean to them, and from those thoughts of those three people will stem all the hope and meaning you’ll need to fight through.
K. Hari Kumar, A Game of Gods|You will breathe throughout your life, every moment of it, but an opportunity like this comes once in a lifetime, and not even to everyone. Go for it!
Mark W. Boyer|My two most unproductive days of the week have always been yesterday and tomorrow. Keeping that in mind, I try to focus majority of my attention on today.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Thought for the day: we have far too many of them. And we prize them too highly; more so than we do the power of silence, mindfulness and pure kindness.
Todd Stocker|If you try to be everywhere at once, you won't be anywhere at all.
Salman Mansuri|Life is persisting thing which will never stop, we have to maintain us in all situations.
Adhish Mazumder, Versed with Life|You jealous souls are primeval without a doubt,Teach yourself to eat better instead of trying to eat one's heart out.
G.C. Julien|When all hope is lost, remember that light can be found even in the deepest of oceans.
OMiT|Learning is one aspect which never ends for anyone, it just starts with new subject
OMiT|Learn, Understand, Implement, Observe and Repeat!
Adhish Mazumder|People in your life leave you a rhyme,On leaving they leave a new footprint in the Sands of Time.
Adhish Mazumder, Versed with Life|And I know few would believe me but belief is what drives a man,If all of us long for the Golden Age, then we all can,Bring the days filled with peace, prosperity, generosity, love and fearless nigh',We all must believe something to survive, I believe in the serene age lost in seasons gone by.
Adhish Mazumder, Versed with Life|The picture has no religion, no caste, no name,And the best part about it is that the picture stays the same.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Gratitude is the best food and fuel to start anything that you need to do - it will nourish and sustain you...and others too. Hankering will leave you hungry - or with with heart, head or belly ache - and tends to have or leave a sour or bitter taste too.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Gratitude is the best food to start and sustain you. Hankering creates hunger, unhappiness, bellyache, headache and heartache - and often leaves a bitter taste
John Mark Green|Let's burn our masks at midnightand as flickering flames ascend,under the witness of star-clouds,let us vow to reclaim our true selves.Done with hiding and weary of lying,we'll reconcile without and within.Then, like naked squint-eyed newborns,we'll greet the glorious birth of dawn;blinking at the blazing, wondrous colorswe somehow failed to notice before.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When you keep hitting walls of resistance in life, the universe is trying to tell you that you are going the wrong way. It's like driving a bumper car at an amusement park. Each time you slam into another car or the edge of the track, you are forced to change direction.
Micheline Jean Louis|There is a journey that’s waiting for you, you will make great discoveries, you will find treasures and hidden powers, it’s a journey divinely design just for you, Today be brave in self-love and start the journey within yourself, There God is waiting to show you his masterpiece of love.
Germany Kent|If you don't put anything in place, do not expect miraculous results to appear.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|Never strike out of anger if at all possible, this will give your enemy the advantage and strengthen his resolve and psyche
Rasheed Ogunlaru|They'll come a time - in fact many times - when all the tools & techniques will fail you or desert you. Then - at last - is the moment to trust, use & follow your heart
Mark W. Boyer|Life is not complicated or finicky, it will gladly take you anywhere you choose to go.
Mayank Kashyap, The Forbidden Line|God is like a lover. Sometimes he gives you so much pain that staying alive seems like a punishment but in the next moment he shows you so much love, affection and care that you forget all your pains. Yes, the wounds can’t be healed completely but god compensates it with other happiness.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Peace and love, that's what we all need.
Jasz Gill|Life is neither misery nor bliss. Life is an empty canvas, paint your life with color of your choice, start with a day. Let horses of your imagination run wild.
Michelle McCullough, Make It Happen|Each of us has an innate, human desire to be challenged. We are driven by it, and we often learn from our experiences to set a target and hit it. Even if we don’t reach our intended goal or destination, we gain strength in trying.
Michelle McCullough, Make It Happen|I’m not an expert in stillness, but I have been trying to practice more peace in my life. As someone who wants it all, and tries to go after it, I once thought including quiet time in my routine was a good idea. Now I find it’s more than that—it’s critical to my success.
Michelle McCullough, Make It Happen|The world needs peak performers like you to set the example of how to accept failures, dust off, and move on with your head held high. Whether you face a business failure, a divorce, a missed opportunity, a lost sale, a fumbled business presentation, or all of the above, own it, learn from it, and envision a successful future.
Shivam Singh|I think I am at that stage of Life now where Success or Failure, nothing Bothers me. If I get little success then I get lots of rejections and failures on a regular basis too. But none of that bothers me at all. I can take failure as sportingly without getting bothered as I take success. And this is how my life has drastically changed in last one year or something. I don't do things anymore to please people around me and all I care about is If I am happy being where I am and I am enjoying doing what I am doing or not. I may not be where I want to be yet but I am Happy.This is what matters in Life. Isn't it? Find what you love. Sooner or Later but you need to find one day, and once you find, give your everything to it. There may be many failures and rejections on the way but you will reach where you want to be some day and most importantly, you will be happy and in Peace with where you are.
Asoka Nimal Jinadasa|Success has six holistic dimensions symbolized by: Heart, Mind, Body, Passion, Focus and Health.
Todd Stocker|Over time, your actions betray your heart - for good or for evil.
Michelle McCullough|The world needs more dreamers, more peak performers, more people who aren’t content settling for mediocre. It’s time to stand up and create the future and life you love.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|You're not a priority if you're an option, you are a percentage. A percentage of that other person's time and effort. The size of the pie never changes, the slices do.
Germany Kent|Once you believe that you can do something, there is not a single person in the universe who can convince you otherwise.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Truth is, moments come to an end. That's how memories are created.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Consistency builds trust, confidence builds character.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|The quest of validation is undeniable. Yet let your search begin where it should end, always within. Or seek endlessly.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Success appeals to the eye, but it's the journey that captures the heart.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Value is the unseen reflection in the mirror. If you don't see it, neither will anyone else.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|True strength resides in the heart, alongside beauty. So when in distress remember that you are courageously beautiful.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|One size may fit all, but no footprint is the same. The right path for you may be a few steps to the left.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|It took me 25 years for me to realize who I am. Now I'm going to use the next 75 years to focus on how I want to be remembered. One quarter down, three to go!
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|The day I realized that sunshine doesn't satisfy everyone. It gave me an understanding of true contentment, which will always be found internally.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Today's progress, was once yesterday's discussion. Speak aloud, see it through, and most importantly believe!
L.J. Vanier|When your mind cannot find its way out of its current spectrum of reality, your heart will always guide you along the the path you are seeking. Trust it.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|A difference of opinion does two things if you allow it, expands the mind and widens the heart.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Love has no limits, which is why we fall impulsively into the depths of our feelings.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Before proving it to someone else, I had to be able to prove it to myself.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Support can come from many, but growth is only achieved by the individual.
Evan Ricafort|In life, friends become family, sometimes they become enemy and enemy becomes motivation.
Harry S. Vested Jr.|So many things could happen with a hard work"....
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Good people won’t do bad to you if you hurt them. They’ll just be neutral and walk away, with experience and a lesson; and you’ll be left with well-wishers less one.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Rainbow of happiness is the byproduct of your inner sunshine, after the rain of sorrows.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|You are not smoking cigarette, it's cigarette that is smoking you.
Matthew Donnelly|Let these 2 quotes sink in. In tandem together. "A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves as something to aim at." - Bruce Lee "Gentlemen, we will chase perfection, and we will chase it relentlessly, knowing all the while we can never attain it. But along the way, we shall catch excellence.” - Vince Lombardi The key here is thing to take away from the tandem of these quotes is that even those you will never achieve perfection, the fact that you will aim towards unfathomable goals you will along the journey catch greatness.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|A friend with seed (capital), is a business-man in deed.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Challenge yourself today, to improve, for a better tomorrow than yesterday.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|The road to success is built up as you travel, its blue print never exists.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|COURAGE is the only currency; more you spend, richer you become; by earning the RESPECT.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|The moment you think you are out of resources; you still have one thing, Will to Win. Ignite it.
Damilola Oluwatoyinbo|Nothing in the Universe exists solely for itself. You are not alive just for the sake of being alive. The purpose of your life is much bigger than your life so if all you think about is your life, then you're missing out on the purpose for your life.
Leeza Donatella, The State of Being Love: Steps to Raise Your Vibration for a Joy Filled Life|I was ready for huge transformation, emerging from the chrysalis, like the butterfly, a true metamorphosis, alive in all my beauty.
Damilola Oluwatoyinbo|Too many people want to have mountaintop experiences at rock-bottom prices and that just doesn't work. Greatness doesn't come at a discount. If you want true greatness, you have to pay the full price for it.
Derric Yuh Ndim|All pain, pleasure and self-limitation either originate in theconscious mind or is accepted uncritically from an outside source.
Harry S. Vested Jr.|The goal is essential to getting what you would like." ##
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|When a protector leaves you, it looks like the end of the world. But you gradually learn to walk by your own feet
Jason  Taylor, Lead Yourself To Financial Success: How To Become A Great Leader, Add Value To Any Organization, And Increase Overall Prosperity In As Little As Three Months|Most people want to be perceived as Katana swords, but they don’t spend enough time in the forge to even be butter knives.
Jason  Taylor, Lead Yourself To Financial Success: How To Become A Great Leader, Add Value To Any Organization, And Increase Overall Prosperity In As Little As Three Months|Don’t be the majority, just hoping for your name to be called, because it won’t happen.
Jason  Taylor, Lead Yourself To Financial Success: How To Become A Great Leader, Add Value To Any Organization, And Increase Overall Prosperity In As Little As Three Months|You don’t have to be the Zig Ziglar of sales to get promoted; in fact, the key to being noticed by most people of authority is just to show up when needed.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Even if everybody says it’s impossible, with determination, there is always something you can do. The last thing is to give up without trying
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|When the wind is against you, like a kite, have your chord of faith rooted and you would fly highest ever.
Amit Kalantri|When I see an arrogant man, I see one less competitor.
Amit Kalantri|Fathers are ironic, they want democracy in their country but dictatorship in their home.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You wake up for a reason, you eat for a reason, you dress for a reason and you sleep for a reason. All we do run on the pivot of reasons. For what reasons do you fear? For what reasons do you think? For what reasons do you talk? For what reasons do you open that door each day? For what reasons do you love? For what reasons do you hate? Until we get the reasonable reasons to reason, we shall always ponder over the reasons why we reasoned or we could not reason.
Auliq Ice|Have your one good cry, pick your chin up, smile, and move on to the positive.
Amit Kalantri|If your expenditure brings you poverty, then you may call yourself a poor but the world will call you a fool.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Don't fear mistakes, they are your stepping stone to success
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|WRITERS ARE "SPIRITIAL VENTRILOQUIST" WHO HAVE THE ABILITY TO MAKE PAPER TALK!
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier|THE BROKEN HEART STILL HAS HEART BEATS. THOUGH YOU MAY FEEL LIKE DEATH, YOU ARE STRONGER THAN YOU THINK!
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|You don't have to finish today, what is important is that you finish. But remember today might be the last day of your life.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|The gatekeepers are not there to prohibit you anything, they just want to frighten you away, if you are courageous enough to go through them, they will let you , thinking you are the owner or his so
Don Roff|We often wait for that knock of opportunity, though I've found it's better to just grab a chainsaw and cut open your own fucking door.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|If you want to be extremely important in people's lives, give them extremely good services they can't find anywhere else
Todd Stocker|Remember God loves you, even when its hard to love yourself.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Don't expect others to hand success to you. Create it - with heart, energy and enterprise - and you'll make it come true
Rahul Bijlaney|I: GOD, I seem to have an undefined connection with nature. At times, it’s more than what I see and at other times more than what I hear. What am I missing Dear GOD?GOD:Son, seek inspiration from nature. Seek answers from nature. For nature represents me in all my glory.Allow the rainbow to paint you with hope and joy.Allow the roar of the waves to light up your passion.Allow the flowers to make your soul fragrant.Allow the mountains to teach to be lofty.Allow the valleys to teach you to be humble.Allow the sunset to instill hope for another beginning tomorrow.Allow the sunrise to whisper to you "today is your day"Allow the forests to teach you to give shade to others since the joy is in giving and not receiving.Allow the rains to reach and touch each cell in your body as my communique I speak in many forms. Son, it’s how you decode them.
Auliq Ice|Let the haters’ hate push you to go further instead of tear you down, your accomplishments will be your best revenge.
Swami Vivekananda|Strength is Life, Weakness is Death".
Auliq Ice|Success is not about impressing and pleasing everyone, but setting your own goals, and achieving them in your own time.
Auliq Ice|There is a purpose in life’s struggles. Without them, we stay the same.
Auliq Ice|Without life’s struggles, we cannot grow into the person that we are meant to become.
Auliq Ice|Struggles not only make us into stronger, better and wiser people, they also let us learn more about ourselves and our purpose in life.
Auliq Ice|Don’t believe it when people tell you that you will never accomplish anything great in life, or that you’re ordinary or should just stay the same as everybody else. Don’t let them define you, your life or your future. Don’t let society or people restrict or blind you with their definitions of what’s beautiful and what’s not, and what’s successful and what’s not, follow your heart.
Auliq Ice|Don’t be afraid to have goals and dreams. Even in the face of haters and those who do not believe in you, don’t stop dreaming.
Auliq Ice|Do not stop pursuing your dreams in the midst of all the difficult situations you find yourself to be in. Instead, set your goals in faith.
Auliq Ice|Instead of trying to hide yourself from the world, make it your signature trait. Make what most people think to be the worst of you become something your proud of.
DeWayne Owens|The Bible is the greatest book ever written. It is absolutely amazing the tremendous amount of joy, peace, and success one will experience simply by applying its admonition. If you truly want the “Good Life” follow the Good Book.
DeWayne Owens|Real hope is a real sense of knowing that your best days are yet to come, so dream on. What you can conceive is what you can achieve.
DeWayne Owens|The metamorphosis of your life begins with your mental appreciation for the cocoon stage of your journey. The adversities, the struggles, the perils of life are what either destroy your motivation or encourage your transformation to become what you were truly born to be. A WINNER!
DeWayne Owens|God gave you purpose, the devil can’t stop it, so the person in the mirror must choose success or failure. Choose success!
DeWayne Owens|If you only focus on what is, you may never attain what could be. Focus on the possibilities.
Micheline Jean Louis|As a woman when you determine your self-worth, you also determine how powerful you are.
DeWayne Owens|Time is your most valuable asset. Money you can spend, lose, and get back. Once time is spent, you can never get it back. Spend your time wisely today.
Shannon Kopp, Pound for Pound: A Story of One Woman's Recovery and the Shelter Dogs Who Loved Her Back to Life|Sometimes we take leaps of faith, and sometimes we take tiny steps. Even the tiniest step can require a lot of courage. Like climbing out of denial and admitting my real need for help. Like trusting someone who said I wouldn’t die from eating a bowl of pasta, and taking another bite. Like reaching for a pen or a yoga mat when what I really wanted to do was reach for a cookie. Like searching for a smile in my heart when my mind was busy screaming about how sad and serious I should be.
Shannon Kopp, Pound for Pound: A Story of One Woman's Recovery and the Shelter Dogs Who Loved Her Back to Life|Because the truth is, while bulimia is a devastating illness I would wish upon no one, it has taught me about the fragility of life and the vital need for compassion. Today, I’m quick to love and throw my arms around any girl who has ever stared at a puddle of her own vomit and questioned the point of her life. Or who has ever let a Photoshopped image on a glossy magazine preach to her about her own self-worth, her own beauty. Or who has ever been afraid to face the pain and suffering, within and outside of herself.Today, I’m quick to love.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Mindful Being|Our Mind is constantly active. Seeking stillness within the Mind that is in motion is impossible if you do not use the motion itself. When the surface of a lake is still, we will be able to see, experience, intuitively sense the ocean of our sub-conscious and to tap into the magic of super-conscious. This is impossible when the surface is agitated by waves of our thoughts, emotions, habits, fears.
Shannon Kopp, Pound for Pound: A Story of One Woman's Recovery and the Shelter Dogs Who Loved Her Back to Life|So many nights, I stared out at the inky black ocean, believing that if I could only learn how to eat again and keep my hands out of my throat, that would be enough. I prayed hard and desperately to God and the sun and the moon and the ocean and the universe and every shelter dog I’d ever met, as if they were all genies, that I wouldn’t ask for anything more.But perhaps God isn’t a collection of genies, and perhaps it’s okay to hope for more than relief. To hope big. To hope for Sunny’s limitless capacity to love.
Shannon Kopp, Pound for Pound: A Story of One Woman's Recovery and the Shelter Dogs Who Loved Her Back to Life|When I was around Sunny, there was no time to dream about some easier, prettier, more comprehensible, less fucked-up existence. Now was all we had: Sunny lifting her eyes to meet mine. Cupping water in my own hands to rinse the blood off her head. Sunny’s tongue on my nose, her tail thudding on my leg. The reach of my hand across her spine. The words of comfort and rage and fear and sadness and hope that I spoke only in her presence.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Let it be a footprint that you ones lived!Let it be a footprint that you thought failure a lesson!Let it be a footprint that you were stronger than life hurdles!Let it be a footprint that your speech was awesome!Let it be a footprint that you left a distinctive mark on minds!Let it be a footprint that you were the best father ever!Let it be a footprint that a great mother once lived !Let it be a footprint that once lived a humble yet an assertive you!Let it be a footprint that you stood for what is just regardless of the odds!Let it be a footprint that you fed the hungry! Let it be a footprint that you protected the vulnerable!Let it be a footprint that you lived for Christ!Let it be a footprint that you were courageous and not a coward!Let it be a footprint that a great worker is gone!Let it be a footprint that a good heart is gone!Let it be a footprint that you were a noble accomplisher !Let it be a footprint that you knew the essence of time!Let it be a footprint that you knew when to ignore and when to respond!Let it be a footprint! Let it be a footprint! Let it be a footprint!Let it be a footprint that though you are leaving, you are living!Let it be a footprint that you shall be missed!What footprint are you leaving behind?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|question the status quo; rebuke the existing rules, though it may be at the discomfort of the masses. They may however come to a later realization that it was really worth it and you may now have the status quo
DeWayne Owens|Live in the moment! Yesterday is gone forever, tomorrow is yet to come, but you have right now. Live in the moment!
Todd Stocker|All Christians are in ministry. Sometimes, they're in church work.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|I've lived my life fighting to overcome but still yet the troubles I face, may never end in this endless race.
DeWayne Owens, How to Get Rich on Purpose: Secrets to Prosperity and Controlling Your Destiny|Your failures are not determined by how many times you fall down. Your failures are determined by how many times you stay down, so get up and continue to strive!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if you give people the reasons to reason and you don't reason, reason!
DeWayne Owens|You can go as far as you believe it, but through prayer you can exceed it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|you may meet opportunities; you may miss opportunities; you may create opportunities. Opportunities may recur; opportunities may be equivalent but not equal. For the sake of the vicissitudes of life and the mutability of time, watch your time
Rasheed Ogunlaru|It's essential to keep moving, learning and evolving for as long as you're here and this world keeps spinning
TemitOpe Ibrahim|GOD made you a masterpiece, stop treating yourself like a shattered piece.
April Mae Monterrosa|Don't waste your time being envious of what you don't have or who you want to be. Instead, focus on what you do have and who you can become.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|The human mind and what we've achieved with it is remarkable. But it does not come close to what we can do, be, see and heal with our hearts
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Success is secondary to impact. Success is a list of what you win, gain and attain - it may pass it may remain. Impact is the test; the hearts, minds and lives you touch, enhance and forever change...
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you star arises, your cloud of opposition awakens
Stefan Emunds|The root of identity crises: we seem to know a lot about ourselves, but we can't tell who we are. Realize your self!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|it may seem so easy to take it easy but, it is never so easy to take it easy
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Let it be a footprint that you ones lived!Let it be a footprint that though you were not knocked down by failure!Let it be a footprint that you were stronger than life hurdles!Let it be a footprint that your speech was awesome!Let it be a footprint that you left a distinctive mark on minds!Let it be a footprint that you were the best father ever!Let it be a footprint that a great mother once lived !Let it be a footprint that once lived a humble yet an assertive you!Let it be a footprint that you stood for what is just regardless of the odds!Let it be a footprint that you fed the hungry! Let it be a footprint that you protected the vulnerable!Let it be a footprint that you lived for Christ!Let it be a footprint that you were courageous and not a coward!Let it be a footprint that a great worker is gone!Let it be a footprint that a good heart is gone!Let it be a footprint that you were a noble accomplisher !Let it be a footprint that you knew the essence of time!Let it be a footprint that you knew when to ignore and when to respond!Let it be a footprint! Let it be a footprint! Let it be a footprint!Let it be a footprint that though you are leaving, you are living!Let it be a footprint that you shall be missed!What footprint are you leaving behind?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if you cannot get it all right, don't get it all wrong
Amit Kalantri|They will cry, he will shout but you must sweat.
Mignon' Talise Padilla|As long as you feel comfortable losing, you will never win!
Mignon' Talise Padilla|Beware of those who love to give advice, but never want to receive it!
Harry PS|Better to do planning,Rather than being planned.
Mahyar Mottahed|Learn from the best, so one day you can become the best.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|This day and every other day, listen from within, GOD lives there.
Karen  Gibbs|Don't spend your days sitting around waiting for something to happen. Get outside and make it happen!Live like a warrior, be at one with nature, fearless in the moment....because this moment will never happen again so don't waste it!
TemitOpe Ibrahim|The simplicity of life never ceases to amaze me, and the many ways we complicate it blows my mind.
Amit Kalantri|Either loyalty and love are same things, or loyalty is certainly a better kind of love than love.
Maggie Georgiana Young|The deeper into this chapter in my life I get, the fainter the hum of crucifixion becomes.
Jason W. Blair|The Measure of success isn't money or the number of books you write, it is seen in the faces of those you love
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Every person matters, every person has worth”.
Masood Sayed|Success starts with a Wish, gets strengthened by Belief and ends with Achievement DREAM -BELIEVE-WORK-Achieve
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Challenges Ahead? Huh! Who cares! I am a CA, Chartered Accountant.
Caroline Goode|[D]oing nothing meant leaving things exactly the way they were, and that was unacceptable.
Karen  Gibbs|Never try to hide the real you. Be yourself and stand up for what you believe in. Question what other people tell you, think things though. Never regret your mistakes as there's a reason for everything.Grudges are toxic and heavy to bear. Let them go, learn from everything and continue to grow.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|CA student is composition of a Compassionate, Cheerful, and Cool aspirant. I will be a Chartered Accountant.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Someone asked, "Can Anybody?" A CA replied, "Yes, and I don't think I just can, I know I will. I am a Chartered Accountant.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|CA study course in India is not the toughest study course. It's for them who are the toughest, the determined ones. I am a Chartered Accountant.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Take those praises with a level head, you must not be distracted by them. After all, purpose still awaits you.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|You are never in lack, you are always in fullness, realize it and live it.
Jay Danzie|When you lay down with neglect & sleep around with excuses, you wake up with failure...When you marry your goals & remain intimate with your vision, you'll give birth to your dreams.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|Insecurity is debilitating. It cripples your motivation and breaks your spirit. The condition is NOT insurmountable, but healing will only begin when self loathing ends. Once you learn to love the person you are, there are no limits to the person you can become.
Auliq Ice|You stop worrying about things, just go with the ones you like, and there you'll find happiness and joy.
Bien Sufficient|Whatsoever you set your hands on doing, do it in such a way that your work will always stand out.
Tarryn Tomlinson|When perseverance becomes a force of habit, success becomes a guarantee.
Carlos Wallace|Becoming accomplished at what you do is no easy task, nor is the goal reached in a day. The process is time consuming, requires dedication, innovative ideas, meticulous strategizing and can be quite tedious at times. For many, the ultimate objective is to challenge the status quo, change the game, chart unexplored territory, and set a new standard of excellence. Sometimes hitting those marks is its own reward. Seeing others apply your blueprint to construct their own path to success is even more fulfilling. Leaders are motivated by believers! Bask in the imitation of others. After all, it is the highest form of flattery!
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|If it rains during sunshine, don't worry; you'll see your rainbow.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Happiness is.. Starting your study with 3 principles of accounting, then your profession, with 3 principles of life.. CHALLENGE it, ACHIEVE it, Loop it. Happy to be a CA, Happy CA day.
Vikrmn, 10 Alone|Man makes his own destiny. Despite being a woman, she makes Man, a Gentleman.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|From the Balance sheet of humanity, to the Profit & Loss account of emotions, I am all in good books. I am a Chartered Accountant.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|CA means Can-do Attitude. I may fail, but I would not give-up because I believe I can. I am a Chartered Accountant.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|CA means Challenge it, Achieve it, Loop it. I am a Chartered Accountant.
Nikki Rowe|Keep your mindset strong, your heart pure, your intentions kind and your dreams big.
Karen  Gibbs, A Gallery of Scrapbook Creations|Those who know me never doubt me..Those who doubt me, never knew me.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Blessed is the person who desired to read the Holy Scriptures. It’s brings great reward to those who believe, trust and obey the Holy instructions.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you encounter unexpected situation, don’t panic. Close our eyes, take a deep breath and pray. It will relief you of any anxiety.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Three essential keys (FAITH, HOPE and LOVE) will open the Heavens door.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Gracious words refresh, restore and revive the soul.
Micheline Jean Louis|The beautiful you is not the color of your skinOr the texture of your hair.The beautiful you is not how tall or short you areThe beautiful you is not rather you’re skinny or overweight by society standardsThe beautiful you is not the degrees you have obtainOr the size of your bank accounts.The beautiful you, has nothing to do with where you’re from, or religious beliefsNor the car you drive or the house you live in.The beautiful you is not the price tag of what you wearThe beautiful you has nothing do with how eloquent you speakThe beautiful you is your kindness and compassion toward othersThe beautiful you is your tolerance and patienceThe beautiful you is your ability to love and forgiveThe beautiful you don’t rush to judge what you don’t understandThe beautiful you is always seeking to evolve into its higher selfThat is the beautiful you and that is what the world needsThe beautiful you is what defines our HumanityThe Beautiful you, Be that Always!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Children of God, Children of the light.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Believe in God, the Creator of all possibilities.
Manula Withanage|Everyone has that turning point in their life, whether you are going to make it or not it will come into your life nevertheless.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you can dream it, you can make it a reality. The possibility lies in your ability, enthusiasm and hardwork to realise it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Failure is a sign post, directing the right road for life’s journey.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|All that we are and will be, praise be to God.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Let’s not call cancer patients as patients, they are cancer fighters. They are brave hearts.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greatest riches are the gift of life, strength and wisdom.
Lailah Gifty Akita, The Alphabets of  Success: Passion Driven Life|To every complex challenge, there exist a define solution.
Gina Greenlee, The Whole Person Guide to Your First Marathon: A Mind Body Spirit Companion|As your training integrates Mind, Body and Spirit, enjoy the process. Your journey to the marathon finish will last a few hours. Your journey to the start will influence a lifetime.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|I need you forever, for you are my teddy.
Gina Greenlee, The Whole Person Guide to Your First Marathon: A Mind Body Spirit Companion|Advice of all kinds from experienced marathoners can sweep you away. Your training, reading and racing will expand your network and everyone has a story – the best shoes, clothes, energy foods. Don’t second-guess yourself or your process. Be friendly, act on advice that feels right for you and leave the rest.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|The moment to make your dreams come true is day before tomorrow, same time, called NOW.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|When you say “SOMEDAY I’ll Live my dreams,” that is the eighth day of the week; it never comes. Start working for your dreams TODAY.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Doing differently what’s already done is old and boring. Do something new, that’s yet to be done.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Austerity, if I were to define, I'll say, It's YOU.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Suppose it’s your last day on earth. Have you done what all you wanted to do, you always dreamt of? If answer is NO, your time starts now.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Dream high, beyond the sky; no matter wings so small, keep vision bright; just dare to learn, for you are born to fly.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Happiness is.. looking at the closing door, then bolting them from outside and fleeing.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|Each of us has our definition of adventure: ending an unsatisfyingrelationship, returning to school, parachute jumping or training for amarathon. Go ahead. Get your thrill on.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Right is right, no matter how wrong the time is.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Joy is temporary, Happiness is permanent; for it comes out from positive mind and is an art of tension free heart.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|With the touch of wisdom, comes the end of fears.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|We can talk about it, dream about it and dissect the fine print.In the end, only action satisfies our longing.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Power of dreams is not measured by the frequency of dreaming, but by speed of actions to make them come true.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|To believe that we can have what we want is an act of trust – not only of others but also, ourselves.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Those thinking Why, When, Where, Who are information providers; the one thinking “HOW” is the leader in solving the problem.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|If companionship is a mandate for all of our experiences, then we will miss out on many of life’s blessings.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|The study book for life’s tests is the whole of our experience. Though we mayfeel unprepared, tests appear only when we are truly ready to ace them.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Your good friends can write a book on you; but Your best friends can create an embarrassing full fledged 3 hours movie on you, with silliest jingles and animation made ever.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Work is just a part of our Life, not vice versa. So Live life full time, work work, part time.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Time spent for temporary happiness like movie or outing or weekend on a beach is all synthetic; with shelf life of a day or two. Work for your bigger dreams that should last for whole life. Then movie and beach would seem more interesting, realising that you have done something.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Don’t be discouraged by life’s difficulties. With hope and determination, you can triumph over any difficulties.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Love is deserved, not desired.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Circumvent negative influences, circumstances and people.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|There is only one funda to know life, and no one knows it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We are capable beyond measure. Go all out and be the great person, you are destiny to be.
Rob Liano|A recipe for success. Think, do. Repeat as needed.
Alahdal A. Hussein|Everyone has a purpose to live for, make yours worth living.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you stay determined, the obstacles cannot stop your progress. You will triumph over every mountain.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Those do dare take risks, shall fulfill their passions.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|It is your life, enthusiastically accept the challenge.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Those who find courage to pursue their dreams, manifest gladness of the soul.
Todd Stocker, Becoming The Fulfilled Leader|There are no perfect decisions, only excellent applications.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Time is more than money, it is life.
Steven Aitchison|Think about it for a second:Babies are not born prejudice, they are not racist,they don’t hate, they don’t judge, and are not born believing in christianity, buddhism, sikhism, hinduism, judaism or any other ism.We, as adults, teach them all these things.
Jay Danzie|There will be positive and negative references with everything we do in life. At best we can simply hope that overtime, the positive outweighs the negative.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Good health, good life.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|The challenges you are passing through today, are only preparing you for your success tomorrow”.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|After every voyage, we bring with us renewed mind, refreshed soul and new viewpoints on life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Failure is a sign post of life, guiding us to the right paths.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Happy soul, happy life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If we seek for the best times to act, we may miss some opportunities. We must seize the moment and make it great.
Sontia Levy-Mason, As Low as It Gets|Getting a spark of inspiration to write is the best feeling in the world, no matter what time it is...I get a feeling on the inside that urges me to get up from whatever I am doing, grabbing that pen and writing down whatever my heart and mind tell me too... it's beautiful." 
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If I don’t succeed, I will try again and never stop trying.When I succeed, I will again explore new opportunities.
Auliq Ice|To succeed, No one's going to make way for you. You must find the light and make way for yourself.
Auliq Ice|Success is not attained by chance, you have to work in order to get it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You possess great strength, great spirit and great soul.
Auliq Ice|Everyone suffers personal setbacks. If you're experiencing difficulty in your career or personal life, keep it in perspective - by persevering through your difficulties, you're building a stronger personality in you. Never give up!.
Auliq Ice|Attaining achievement is not simple. It is not attain by chance, you have to work with it. There ought to be diligence and own path on the best way to accomplish achievement. It takes much time before having the tree grown foods of your work. As you come the way, you will know the things on the best way to be fruitful. Achievement needs time, exertion and tolerance.
Todd Stocker|When you feel like you're at the end, Christ is just beginning.
Auliq Ice|Do not be satisfied by just getting what you need, strive and work harder to get what you want.
Tom Althouse|What lies ahead? Worrying about it or creating it. Both requires a choice, one opens the door.
Auliq Ice|Working hard and succeeding will make you feel valuable and important - thus the cornerstones of a confident personality is you, yourself.
Auliq Ice|After failure, don't worry much. There will always be more opportunities and second chances.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Humour sustains us during failure; more so after success, when we're prone to fail that much more, daring abyss, pumped up with success.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the darkest time, I have always believed, the light will shine.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|If you want to fly you need to grow up, to grow up you need to be a kid again. To be a kid again you have to just be yourself; so come out of your cozy comfort zone, Yell out and break the boundaries your are stuck in.. Then only you can fly.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Never ever let anyone take the charge of your Guitar called LIFE. Tune your Dreams, for you are the composer of the tracks of your life. Why do you wait? What are you scared of?
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Be a master of your dreams, not the slave of your sorrows.
Auliq Ice|Everyone is special; every moment in our life is unique. However difficult or painful a situation may look at present, it soon becomes a memory and a special journey. Memories make us who we are, but it also starts declining with age. There are many ways to preserve these special moments so that we can cherish a story that's our own.
Ashley N. Sauls, Morning Motivation: 31 Daily Devotions For Everyday Life|Our society puts more weight on success through acquisition of temporal things, but God requires us to long after those things that have an eternal value.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You cannot tell how it is, until you experience it.
Kemi Sogunle|Seeds strive to become plants by forcing their way through the soil. We can learn from this and push through the struggles we face in life. If they can survive, we can do much more. Keep pushing and pressing forward. Your best is yet to come!
Jessica Shahriari Nicely, Baba's Daughter: Memoirs of a Persian-American Girl|And isn't that what we all are—a compilation of all of our life experiences, of little pieces of all the people who have shaped our days; all of us just fighting to make sure the best parts of us win out every day?
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Friends understand the unsaid words, no matter if they are silent for years.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|LIFE and YOU : What YOU exactly want from LIFE, it'll never give. LIFE gives for sure, but in pieces. It’s YOU who have to assemble, all that LIFE ponders, according to your needs. It’s YOU who have to realise how you can get what YOU exactly want.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Don't worry, eventually everything falls into its rightful place.
Steven Aitchison, 100 Ways to Develop Your Mind: The Psychology of the Mind and How to Develop Your Mind to Change Your Life|The most important thing you can do in a relationship is sit down and talk to each other, not with the TV on, or at the cinema, or over a meal, but just you and the other person where you can truly be heard and truly listen to each other
Kemi Sogunle|Without making mistakes, there won't be lessons learned. Without getting hurt, there won't be knowledge gained. The only way we grow is by learning from the past. Always be willing to learn and grow daily. It's how we come to know who we are and what we are made of.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My love, you are always on my mind. I love you so much.
Kemi Sogunle|Without failing at one thing, there won't be an opportunity to try again, learn and grow. Life isn't static but dynamic. Learn to embrace whatever situation you may face and strive to overcome. Believe in yourself, knowing your best is yet to come.
Kemi Sogunle|Your journey is completely yours. It is unique. Others may try to steal part of it, tell it in their words or shape it to suit them. Reality is no one can live it or own it but you. Take charge of your journey, it's yours and yours alone!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When I was a child, I thought like a child.When I became adult, I seek a deeper understanding of life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May the resurrection power of Christ, awake in us a greater spiritual force and strength, so that we can passionately pursue our God-given dreams.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God bless all mankind with faith, hope, love, joy and peace.
Auliq Ice|If the words you spoke appeared on your skin, would you still be beautiful?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without adversity, we never find who we are.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|sometimes in your works, give people the opportunity to express their ignorance; then you prove the wrong with your works.
Niquenya D. Fulbright, Why YOU SUCK at Network Marketing|As long as you SIT, you Stay In Trouble. Once you STAND, you Shift Toward A New Direction, take a STEP, and Start To Embrace Purpose, then WALK to Welcome Abundance, Love and Knowledge.
Rob Liano|If anyone tells you that something can't be done, they're correct, but it only pertains to them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The will to dare, the will to act.
CL Bennett|laughter is the best medicine in life, chocolate is the substitute!
Subodh Gupta|Without total dedication & discipline, success in any field is just a wishful thinking.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Recipe of SUCCESS needs tons of morale, flavor of attitude and hours of patience to cook.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Sometimes, challenging a person to do their best is the most kind and compassionate thing you can do for them.
Germany Kent|As you become more present in your own life, you will begin to enlighten others by your example.
Amit Kalantri|Authority is not a power, it is a responsibility.
Amit Kalantri|Peace shouldn't be an option, it must be the objective, peace shouldn't be a possibility, it must be the purpose.
Amit Kalantri|Complements from your companion will do you no good, but if you get complements from your competitors it means you are really doing good.
Rob Liano|If you always do "just enough" you'll never have more than enough.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In all spheres of life, there are constraints. You have to develop your own strategy to overcome each constraint.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Never doubt, pray and believe.
Loren Weisman|I'm less concerned with how hard you can work and how much time and effort you can dedicate to a project when everything is going right.Plenty of people can do that.I'm more concerned with how hard you can work and how much time and effort you can dedicate to a project when everything is going wrong.That's a rarity and shows true honor, true character and will lead you that much closer to success.
Todd Stocker, Leading from the Gut: 3 Power Principles of Effective Leaders|The best way to reach your Goal is to say "NO" more than you say "YES
Amit Kalantri|Let it be a small gain or big gain never do lesser than one's ability, let it be a pain or a pleasure never accept more than one's share.
Amit Kalantri|If you want you can die any way you want, but no matter how much you try you cannot live the way you want.
Will Smith|Will Smith > Quotes > Quotable Quote“The only thing that I see that is distinctly different about me is I'm not afraid to die on a treadmill. I will not be out-worked, period. You might have more talent than me, you might be smarter than me, you might be sexier than me, you might be all of those things you got it on me in nine categories. But if we get on the treadmill together, there's two things: You're getting off first, or I'm going to die. It's really that simple, right?You're not going to out-work me. It's such a simple, basic concept. The guy who is willing to hustle the most is going to be the guy that just gets that loose ball. The majority of people who aren't getting the places they want or aren't achieving the things that they want in this business is strictly based on hustle. It's strictly based on being out-worked; it's strictly based on missing crucial opportunities. I say all the time if you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready.
Amit Kalantri|When the competent men of the system are compelled to quit, the system will soon quit itself.
Amit Kalantri|If people are jealous of you, it means you are worth something.
Amit Kalantri|Good luck' is like the shadow of a tree, for some time it gives comfort to a traveler but it doesn't go ahead with a traveler.
Amit Kalantri|The meaning of life is not celebrating your birth, it is celebrating your work.
Amit Kalantri|A doctor, a teacher and a politician have no caste.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|All great people had critics but they still believe in the beauty of their dreams, fully persuaded to stay focused and determined for the realisationof their dreams.
Essa Alam|In life things get complicated, but it works out eventuallyIt always does
Da Anunciação Marco|As always, the solutions is the simplest way: we have to start and lead by example.
Amit Kalantri|True leaders don't give consoling answers, they take constructive actions.
Amit Kalantri|Wherever there is peace, there is progress.
Amit Kalantri|At all times an empire is more important than emperor and empress, prince and princess.
Joe Siciliano Sr.|When the tough get going, the going gets easier.
Da Anunciação Marco|If you do not like how things are going, think in new ways, create new solutions and do not even think about giving up!
siphesihle manzini|you are not a failure , belive that you can do what people think you can not do ,
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Darker|No. No!” he says.“I . . .” He looks wildly around the room. For inspiration? For divine intervention? I don’t know.“You can’t go. Ana, I love you!”“I love you, too, Christian, it’s just—”“No . . . no!” he says in desperation and puts both hands on his head. “Christian . 
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|Well, you've finally got a license to kill. It's about time.
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|That is the idea -- that we should all be wicked if we did not hold to the Christian religion. It seems to me that the people who have held to it have been for the most part extremely wicked. You find this curious fact, that the more intense has been the religion of any period and the more profound has been the dogmatic belief, the greater has been the cruelty and the worse has been the state of affairs. In the so-called ages of faith, when men really did believe the Christian religion in all its completeness, there was the Inquisition, with all its tortures; there were millions of unfortunate women burned as witches; and there was every kind of cruelty practiced upon all sorts of people in the name of religion.You find as you look around the world that every single bit of progress in humane feeling, every improvement in the criminal law, every step toward the diminution of war, every step toward better treatment of the colored races, or every mitigation of slavery, every moral progress that there has been in the world, has been consistently opposed by the organized churches of the world. I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.You may think that I am going too far when I say that that is still so. I do not think that I am. Take one fact. You will bear with me if I mention it. It is not a pleasant fact, but the churches compel one to mention facts that are not pleasant. Supposing that in this world that we live in today an inexperienced girl is married to a syphilitic man; in that case the Catholic Church says, 'This is an indissoluble sacrament. You must endure celibacy or stay together. And if you stay together, you must not use birth control to prevent the birth of syphilitic children.' Nobody whose natural sympathies have not been warped by dogma, or whose moral nature was not absolutely dead to all sense of suffering, could maintain that it is right and proper that that state of things should continue.That is only an example. There are a great many ways in which, at the present moment, the church, by its insistence upon what it chooses to call morality, inflicts upon all sorts of people undeserved and unnecessary suffering. And of course, as we know, it is in its major part an opponent still of progress and improvement in all the ways that diminish suffering in the world, because it has chosen to label as morality a certain narrow set of rules of conduct which have nothing to do with human happiness; and when you say that this or that ought to be done because it would make for human happiness, they think that has nothing to do with the matter at all. 'What has human happiness to do with morals? The object of morals is not to make people happy.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Have you no wish for others to be saved? Then you're not saved yourself, be sure of that!
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|Above all, trust in the slow work of God.We are quite naturally impatient in everything to reach the end without delay.We should like to skip the intermediate stages.We are impatient of being on the way to something unknown, something new.And yet it is the law of all progress that it is made by passing through some stages of instability— and that it may take a very long time.And so I think it is with you; your ideas mature gradually—let them grow, let them shape themselves, without undue haste.Don’t try to force them on, as though you could be today what time (that is to say, grace and circumstances acting on your own good will) will make of you tomorrow.Only God could say what this new spirit gradually forming within you will be.Give Our Lord the benefit of believing that his hand is leading you,and accept the anxiety of feeling yourself in suspense and incomplete.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|What, then, shall we say in response to this? If God is for us, who can be against us? (Romans 8:31 NIV)
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. (Hebrew 11:1 KJV)
Rob Bell|If the gospel isn't good news for everybody, then it isn't good news for anybody. And this is because the most powerful things happen when the church surrenders its desire to convert people and convince them to join. It is when the church gives itself away in radical acts of service and compassion, expecting nothing in return, that the way of Jesus is most vividly put on display. To do this, the church must stop thinking about everybody primarily in categories of in or out, saved or not, believer or nonbeliever. Besides the fact that these terms are offensive to those who are the "un" and "non", they work against Jesus' teachings about how we are to treat each other. Jesus commanded us to love our neighbor, and our neighbor can be anybody. We are all created in the image of God, and we are all sacred, valuable creations of God. Everybody matters. To treat people differently based on who believes what is to fail to respect the image of God in everyone. As the book of James says, "God shows no favoritism." So we don't either.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Iʹve seen you too. Ozera. Crispin, right?ʺʺChristian,ʺ corrected Lissa.ʺRight.ʺ....ʺSo what brings you and Christopher here?ʺ asked Blake. He finished a glass of something amber colored and set it down beside the new drink.ʺChristian,ʺ said Christian.....Blake gave her puppy-dog eyes. ʺBut you just got here! I was hoping we could get to know each other.ʺ It went without saying what he meant by that. ʺOh. And Kreskin too.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Blake smiled radiantly. ʺMay I call you Vasilisa?ʺʺYou can call me Lissa.ʺʺYou can also,ʺ added Christian, ʺlet go of her hand now.
Kevin Max|The greatest single cause of atheism in the world today is Christians: who acknowledge Jesus with their lips, walk out the door, and deny Him by their lifestyle. That is what an unbelieving world simply finds unbelievable.
Cynthia Hand, Boundless|I love you," he murmurs. "Can you feel that? You. Not some destiny I think I'm called to. You. I'm with you. My strength. My soul. My heart. Feel it.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|I felt the fangs against my neck and knew I was going to die. It was horrible. I wanted to live so, so badly...but this was how it would end. With my last moments, I started to yell at Christian to run, but then the Strigoi above my suddenly lit up like a torch. He jerked back, and I rolled out from underneath him.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I turned to Christian, who was crouched on the ground. "Wow," I said, helping him up. Obviously, he was the one who had saved me. "No shit," he said. "Didn't know I had that much power.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|Goodbye, Christian," I murmur."Ana, goodbye," he says softly, and he looks utterly, utterly broken,a man in agonizing pain, reflecting how I feel inside. I tear my gaze away from him before I can change my mind and try to comfort him.The elevator doors close close and it whisks me down to the bowels of the basement and to my own personal hell.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|I saw a banner hanging next to city hall in downtown Philadelphia that read, "Kill them all, and let God sort them out." A bumper sticker read, "God will judge evildoers; we just have to get them to him." I saw a T-shirt on a soldier that said, "US Air Force... we don't die; we just go to hell to regroup." Others were less dramatic- red, white, and blue billboards saying, "God bless our troops." "God Bless America" became a marketing strategy. One store hung an ad in their window that said, "God bless America--$1 burgers." Patriotism was everywhere, including in our altars and church buildings. In the aftermath of September 11th, most Christian bookstores had a section with books on the event, calendars, devotionals, buttons, all decorated in the colors of America, draped in stars and stripes, and sprinkled with golden eagles.  This burst of nationalism reveals the deep longing we all have for community, a natural thirst for intimacy... September 11th shattered the self-sufficient, autonomous individual, and we saw a country of broken fragile people who longed for community- for people to cry with, be angry with, to suffer with. People did not want to be alone in their sorrow, rage, and fear.  But what happened after September 11th broke my heart. Conservative Christians rallies around the drums of war. Liberal Christian took to the streets. The cross was smothered by the flag and trampled under the feet of angry protesters. The church community was lost, so the many hungry seekers found community in the civic religion of American patriotism. People were hurting and crying out for healing, for salvation in the best sense of the word, as in the salve with which you dress a wound. A people longing for a savior placed their faith in the fragile hands of human logic and military strength, which have always let us down. They have always fallen short of the glory of God. ...The tragedy of the church's reaction to September 11th is not that we rallied around the families in New York and D.C. but that our love simply reflected the borders and allegiances of the world. We mourned the deaths of each soldier, as we should, but we did not feel the same anger and pain for each Iraqi death, or for the folks abused in the Abu Ghraib prison incident. We got farther and farther from Jesus' vision, which extends beyond our rational love and the boundaries we have established. There is no doubt that we must mourn those lives on September 11th. We must mourn the lives of the soldiers. But with the same passion and outrage, we must mourn the lives of every Iraqi who is lost. They are just as precious, no more, no less. In our rebirth, every life lost in Iraq is just as tragic as a life lost in New York or D.C. And the lives of the thirty thousand children who die of starvation each day is like six September 11ths every single day, a silent tsunami that happens every week.
Brennan Manning, The Furious Longing of God|The gospel is absurd and the life of Jesus is meaningless unless we believe that He lived, died, and rose again with but one purpose in mind: to make brand-new creation. Not to make people with better morals but to create a community of prophets and professional lovers, men and women who would surrender to the mystery of the fire of the Spirit that burns within, who would live in ever greater fidelity to the omnipresent Word of God, who would enter into the center of it all, the very heart and mystery of Christ, into the center of the flame that consumes, purifies, and sets everything aglow with peace, joy, boldness, and extravagant, furious love. This, my friend, is what it really means to be a Christian.
Martin Luther, Luther's Works, 33: Career of the Reformer III|Since then your sere Majesty and your Lordships seek a simple answer, I will give it in this manner, neither horned nor toothed. Unless I am convinced by the testimony of the Scriptures or by clear reason (for I do not trust either in the pope or in councils alone, since it is well known that they have often erred and contradicted themselves), I am bound by the Scriptures I have quoted and my conscience is captive to the Word of God. I cannot and I will not recant anything, since it is neither safe nor right to go against conscience. May God help me. 
Nancy Leigh DeMoss, Choosing Gratitude: Your Journey to Joy|I have learned that in every circumstance that comes my way, I can choose to respond in one of two ways: I can whine or I can worship! And I can't worship without giving thanks. It just isn't possible. When we choose the pathway of worship and giving thanks, especially in the midst of difficult circumstances, there is a fragrance, a radiance, that issues forth out of our lives to bless the Lord and others.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|She heard Adrian say to Christian, ʺYou know, your shirtʹs kind of grungy-looking. Seems like you could put in a little more effort since youʹre dating a princess.ʺ
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|For even if the whole world believed in resurrection, little would change until we began to practice it. We can believe in CPR, but people will remain dead until someone breathes new life into them. And we can tell the world that there is life after death, but the world really seems to be wondering if there is life before death.
Paul David Washer|Why would we want fame, when God promises us glory? Why would we be seeking the wealth of the world when the wealth of heaven is ours? Why would we run for a crown that will perish with time, when we're called to win a crown that is imperishable?
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|You know, Aunt Tasha makes jokes about how youʹd actually be a better queen than the others, except sometimes . . . I donʹt think sheʹs joking.
Robin Jones Gunn, Sunsets|When the devil comes knocking on your door simply say "Jesus, it's for you.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|And so a pattern develops: wake, work cry. sleep. I can't even escape him in my dreams. Gray burning eyes, his lost look, his hair burnished and bright and bright all haunt me. And the music... so much music-I cannot bear to hear any music. I am careful to avoid it at all costs. Even the jingles in commercials make me shudder.
Karen Marie Moning, Dreamfever|If I entered a tropical beach, would I end up in Nazi Germany with my highly inconvenient black hair?
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God|God is the only being who is good, and the standards are set by Him. Because God hates sin, He has to punish those guilty of sin. Maybe that's not an appealing standard. But to put it bluntly, when you get your own universe, you can make your own standards.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|For what am I to myself without You, but a guide to my own downfall?
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, A Year with Dietrich Bonhoeffer|God loves human beings. God loves the world. Not an ideal human, but human beings as they are; not an ideal world, but the real world. What we find repulsive in their opposition to God, what we shrink back from with pain and hostility, namely, real human beings, the real world, this is for God the ground of unfathomable love.
Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary|Christian, n.: one who believes that the New Testament is a divinely inspired book admirably suited to the spiritual needs of his neighbor.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth|The desperate need today is not for a greater number of intelligent people, or gifted people, but for deep people.
Lynsay Sands, Vampire, Interrupted|Okay," Christian said with a great show at maintaining his patience. "So you can't dance. But you could at least talk to the woman."Julius frowned and avoided his gaze. "I am talking.""You aren't," Christian insisted. "You haven't said more than a handful of words."Scowling, he admitted, "I'm practicing in my head."Christian blinked at this. "Practicing?""Well, you don't just blurt out the first thing that comes to mind," Julius said with exasperation. "I have to approach this carefully, so I'm practicing.""In your head?" Christian clarified."Yes." Julius nodded. "In my head.""Right....Good, good," he nodded, and then said "but you know what would be even better?"Julius raised his eyebrows with interest. "What?""Talking to her OUT LOUD!" Christian snapped. "Jesus Christ, Father, you're as old as the earth. You run a huge corporation, dealing with people-even women-day in day out. Surely you can string a couple of words together and manage a little conversation with the woman?
Henri J.M. Nouwen|Christian life is not a life divided between times for action and times for contemplation. No. Real social action is a way of contemplation, and real contemplation is the core of social action.
Lynsay Sands, Vampire, Interrupted|Okay, why don't we practice your talking with Marguerite? OUT LOUD. I'll be her."Julius stared at him blankly. "Now?""No, I was thinking maybe next April. Then you could maybe give her a call, arrange a date..."He arched his eyebrow in question, and snapped, "Yes, NOW.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|Fellowship is a place of grace, where mistakes aren't rubbed in but rubbed out. Fellowship happens when mercy wins over justice.
Joni Eareckson Tada, A Place of Healing: Wrestling with the Mysteries of Suffering, Pain, and God's Sovereignty|He has chosen not to heal me, but to hold me. The more intense the pain, the closer His embrace.
Amy Carmichael, God's Missionary|To me there is no more tragic sight than the average missionary. …We have given so much, yet not the one thing that counts; we aspire so high, and fall so low; we suffer so much, but so seldom with Christ; we have done so much and so little will remain; we have known Christ in part, and have so effectively barricaded our hearts against His mighty love, which surely He must yearn to give His disciples above all people.
Gregory J. Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart: The Power of Boundless Compassion|Kinship– not serving the other, but being one with the other. Jesus was not “a man for others”; he was one with them. There is a world of difference in that.
Martin Luther, Luther and Calvin on Secular Authority|If anyone attempted to rule the world by the gospel and to abolish all temporal law and sword on the plea that all are baptized and Christian, and that, according to the gospel, there shall be among them no law or sword - or need for either - pray tell me, friend, what would he be doing? He would be loosing the ropes and chains of the savage wild beasts and letting them bite and mangle everyone, meanwhile insisting that they were harmless, tame, and gentle creatures; but I would have the proof in my wounds. Just so would the wicked under the name of Christian abuse evangelical freedom, carry on their rascality, and insist that they were Christians subject neither to law nor sword, as some are already raving and ranting.To such a one we must say: Certainly it is true that Christians, so far as they themselves are concerned, are subject neither to law nor sword, and have need of neither. But take heed and first fill the world with real Christians before you attempt to rule it in a Christian and evangelical manner. This you will never accomplish; for the world and the masses are and always will be unchristian, even if they are all baptized and Christian in name. Christians are few and far between (as the saying is). Therefore, it is out of the question that there should be a common Christian government over the whole world, or indeed over a single country or any considerable body of people, for the wicked always outnumber the good. Hence, a man who would venture to govern an entire country or the world with the gospel would be like a shepherd who should put together in one fold wolves, lions, eagles, and sheep, and let them mingle freely with one another, saying, “Help yourselves, and be good and peaceful toward one another. The fold is open, there is plenty of food. You need have no fear of dogs and clubs.” The sheep would doubtless keep the peace and allow themselves to be fed and governed peacefully, but they would not live long, nor would one beast survive another.For this reason one must carefully distinguish between these two governments. Both must be permitted to remain; the one to produce righteousness, the other to bring about external peace and prevent evil deeds. Neither one is sufficient in the world without the other. No one can become righteous in the sight of God by means of the temporal government, without Christ's spiritual government. Christ's government does not extend over all men; rather, Christians are always a minority in the midst of non-Christians. Now where temporal government or law alone prevails, there sheer hypocrisy is inevitable, even though the commandments be God's very own. For without the Holy Spirit in the heart no one becomes truly righteous, no matter how fine the works he does. On the other hand, where the spiritual government alone prevails over land and people, there wickedness is given free rein and the door is open for all manner of rascality, for the world as a whole cannot receive or comprehend it. 
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|And,” Kay adds as her final touch, “Christian Prescott is my boyfriend.”I dislike her already.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|As a serf, poor Christian has already been killed several times in our class. Aside from dying of the Black Plague on the first day, he’s starved to death, had his hands cut off for stealing a loaf of bread, and been run down by his master’s horse just for kicks. He’s like Christian the fifth now.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|Once again, my hero. And here I’m supposed to be the one saving him.
David Wilkerson, The Cross and the Switchblade|What is it about tears that should be so terrifying? the touch of God is marked by tears...deep, soul-shaking tears, weeping...it comes when that last barrier is down and you surrender yourself to health and wholeness
Herman Melville|I'll try a pagan friend, thought I, since Christian kindness has proved but hollow courtesy.
Ted Dekker, Immanuel's Veins|Immanuel, God with us-that He would leave the spiritual realm and be present in the flesh and blood in such an act of humility is a staggering notion. As it is, He willingly gave His blood, in the flesh, so that others might find life, for it is written: "He did not come by water only, but by blood," and "Without the shedding of blood there is no remission." Now blood is required to give new life to the dead. I tell you, He did not give only a small amount to satisfy this requirement. He was beaten and crushed and pierced until that blood flowed like a river for the sake of love. It was for love, not religion, that He died. There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Immanuel's veins. And those plunged beneath that watery grave to drink of His blood will never be the same.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, A Year with Dietrich Bonhoeffer|While we exert ourselves to grow beyond our humanity, to leave the human behind us, God becomes human; and we must recognize that God wills that we be human, real human beings. While we distinguish between pious and godless, good and evil, noble and base, God loves real people without distinction. 
Leo Tolstoy|The true meaning of Christ's teaching consists in the recognition of love as the supreme law of life, and therefore not admitting any exceptions.
Chris Tomlin, And If Our God Is for Us...|Our God is Greater, Our God is Stronger, God, you are Higher than any other, Our God is Healer, Awesome in Power, Our God,Our God.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul Be Damned for the World Volume 1|Faustus, who embraced evil and shunned righteousness, became the foremost symbol of the misuse of free will, that sublime gift from God with its inherent opportunity to choose virtue and reject iniquity. “What shall a man gain if he has the whole world and lose his soul,” (Matt. 16: v. 26) - but for a notorious name, the ethereal shadow of a career, and a brief life of fleeting pleasure with no true peace? This was the blackest and most captivating tragedy of all, few could have remained indifferent to the growing intrigue of this individual who apparently shook hands with the devil and freely chose to descend to the molten, sulphuric chasm of Hell for all eternity for so little in exchange. It is a drama that continues to fascinate today as powerfully as when Faustus first disseminated his infamous card in the Heidelberg locale to the scandal of his generation. In fine, a life of good or evil, the hope of Heaven or the despair of Hell, Faustus stands as a reminder that the choice between these two absolutes also falls to us.
John Shelby Spong|What the mind cannot accept, the heart can finally never adore.
Chris Tomlin, And If Our God Is for Us...|And If our God is for us, then who could ever stop us, and if our God is with us, then what can stand against?
Hillsong United|Unafraid, Unashamed, Lord we know who we are,We are the people and we won't be silent.Unified hear us cry at the top of our lungs,You are our God and we will not be shaken!
Lisa Samson, Hollywood Nobody|I just don't see the point of not eating cheese. I mean, if God didn't want us to eat cheese, would he have let man invent it?
E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul Be Damned for the World Volume 1|If there are damned souls in Hell, it is because men blind themselves.
Karen Marie Moning, Bloodfever|His coworker was velvety-skinned, a sexy boy-on-the-cusp-of man.
John Bunyan, The Pilgrims Progress|I have given Him my faith, and sworn my allegiance to Him; how, then, can I go back from this, and not be hanged as a traitor?
Jonathan Edwards, The Sermons of Jonathan Edwards: A Reader|Holiness appeared to me to be of a sweet, pleasant, charming, serene, calm nature; which brought an inexpressible purity, brightness, peacefulness and ravishment to the soul.
Joyce Meyer, Living Beyond Your Feelings: Controlling Emotions So They Don't Control You|[T]he Christian is unable to sin and not care ... They may sin, but they cannot do so comfortably and continually. They are very much aware of their wrong actions, and they are very miserable.
Neta Jackson, Who Is My Shelter?|Musical Chairs. Except I thought, when God's providing the music, everyone gets a chair.
LaMar Boschman|When I worship, I would rather my heart be without words than my words be without heart. 
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|We’re so rarely called on to be Christians, but when we are, we’ve got men like Atticus to go for us.
Lewis Black, I'm Dreaming of a Black Christmas|If you really think there's a Santa, why don't you sit on the front steps all night in the freezing cold and see if he climbs down any chimneys tonight. Good luck. And since we're a family that isn't lucky enough to have a chimney, how would Santa get into our house? Does he bring a locksmith with him? And it probably would have to be a Jewish locksmith, because a Christian locksmith is going to want to be home with his family. And how many Jewish locksmiths are there? None.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Why do you call Me, 'Lord, Lord,' and do not do what I say? (Luke 6:46)
Robert McGee, The Search for Significance - Workbook: Build Your Self-Worth on God's Truth|All of us fail, but this doesn't mean we are failures.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Hebrews 12:1- Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles, and let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul Be Damned for the World Volume 1|In fine, a life of good or evil, the hope of Heaven or the despair of Hell, Faustus stands as a reminder that the choice between these two absolutes also falls to us.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity|By trying to grab fulfillment everywhere, we find it nowhere.
Joyce Meyer, Living Beyond Your Feelings: Controlling Emotions So They Don't Control You|If you want to give the devil a nervous breakdown, just get up every day and see how much good you can do.
Joyce Meyer, Living Beyond Your Feelings: Controlling Emotions So They Don't Control You|The sooner we learn feelings are fickle, the better off we are.
G.K. Chesterton|It's just because I have picked a little about mystics that I have no use for mystagogues. Real mystics don't hide mysteries, they reveal them. They set a thing up in broad daylight, and when you've seen it it's still a mystery. But the mystagogues hide a thing in darkness and secrecy, and when you find it, it's a platitude.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|... love for our neighbours does not die the minute we enter heaven, it intensifies.
Timothy J. Keller, The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism|Older forms of indentured servanthood and the bond-service of biblical times had often been harsh, but Christian abolitionists concluded that race-based, life-long chattel slavery, established through kidnapping, could not be squared with biblical teaching either in the Old Testament or the New.
Marva J. Dawn, Reaching Out without Dumbing Down: A Theology of Worship for This Urgent Time|...we are to be lights in the world. It is God's business to light us, to set us on the lampstand, and to bring the people into the house. Our only duty is to shine forth with the gospel.
Jake Bible|A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a broken spirit saps a person's strength
Marva J. Dawn, Reaching Out without Dumbing Down: A Theology of Worship for This Urgent Time|God's revelation... unmasks our illusions about ourselves. It exposes our pride, our individualism, our self-centeredness - in short, our sin. But worship also offers forgiveness, healing, transformation, motivation, and courage to work in the world for God's justice and peace - in short, salvation in its largest sense.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|The gates of Hell are terrible to behold, are they not?
Chuck Black, Kingdom's Dawn|If you begin to rely upon yourself and become arrogant in your skill, that is the day you will fall.
Madeleine L'Engle|Growing up is a process that never ends. It isn't a point you attain so you can say, Hooray, I'm grown up. Some people never grow up. And nobody ever finishes growing. Or shouldn't. If you stop you might as well quit. What I have to tell you is that it never gets any easier. It goes right on being rough forever. But nothing that's easy is worth anything. You ought to have learned that by now. What happens as you keep on growing is that all of a sudden you realize that it's more exciting and beautiful than scary and awful.
Sam Harris, The Moral Landscape: How Science Can Determine Human Values|Just as there is no such thing as Christian physics or Muslim Algebra, we will see tht there is no such thing as Christian or Muslim morality.
M.J. Chrisman|All life is bound to a simple truth... that time goes on, that in each person's life begins a tale, a tale that will either end in memory or in legend.
Kiexiza Rodriquez, Beautiful|The Lord speaks to each one of us in different ways. He may use your mother, your sister, your child, or even your boss. He might even use an unbeliever. God never said his messages would come in nicely wrapped packages from your pastor," the pastor could be heard saying from inside the packed church. "God doesn't do things the way WE want them done. He does things the way we NEED them done, so he can get out of us what holds us back, what keeps us from him. He wants to help us reach the next level. He sends us what we need, when we need it, in HIS time. We are on his schedule, not the other way around.
Katie MacAlister, Sex and the Single Vampire|Oooh, dinner and a show! How come you never take us to dinner and a show?"He smiled at Roxy. "I would spend the entire evening fending off the hordes of your admirers."She fanned herself and grinned back at him. "You gotta love all that suave debonairness!
Jim Yackel, Dead-Ringer|Well, one day all the world’s wizards and witches will kneel before Jesus and call Him ‘Lord.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|The Christian must treat his enemy as a brother, and requite his hostility with love. His behavior must be determined not by the way others treat him, but by the treatment he himself receives from Jesus; it has only one source, and that is the will of Jesus.
Shaunti Feldhahn, The Life Ready Woman: Thriving in a Do-It-All World|It's so tempting to try to do it all, so as not to miss out. But to do all of those 'good things' means you'll do none of them well.
Wayne Cordeiro, Leading on Empty: Refilling Your Tank and Renewing Your Passion|We don't forget that we are Christians. We forget that we are human, and that one oversight alone can debilitate the potential of our future.
A.A. Allen|Before one can walk as Christ walked,and talk as He talked,he must first begin to think as Christ thought.
Loren Cunningham, Is That Really You, God?: Hearing the Voice of God|Hearing God is not all that difficult. If we know the Lord, we have already heard His voice - after all it was the inner leading that brought us to Him in the first place. But we can hear His voice and still miss His best if we don't keep on listening. After the what of guidance comes the when and how." (11)
Pola Muzyka, Escape the Hezbollah|You see, Yousef, you can't force someone in their hearts to believe the way you do. They all tried and failed. They judged by their own convictions--not even by the truth of the teachings of Isa. No one is above God's judgment. No one has the right to judge for him.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Lord of the Rings: Apocalyptic Prophecies|There are many forms of tyrants, but there are none so terrible as those stifling their own people in the name of freedom.
Shaunti Feldhahn, The Life Ready Woman: Thriving in a Do-It-All World|A biblical woman embraces God's callings, chooses wisely, lives courageously, and expects God's greater reward.
Lisa Bedrick, On Christian Hot Topics|I think the skin revolution for women, I will call it, really all started with Mariah Carey. Madonna was pretty risqué too, but she was pretty much always known as a "bad girl." Mariah was a good girl, supposedly Christian, turning very bad, in the late 90's. So then, all the other little girls and teens and women across America thought it would be ok for them to "come out" too essentially, or flaunt whatever they had. Modesty went completely out the window for many women, starting in the late 90's.
Stacy Hawkins Adams, Lead Me Home|She was returning home to be the wife of, mother of, First Lady of, but what did that really mean?
Soul Surfer|I've learned life is a lot like surfing. When you get caught in the impact zone, you need to get right back up, because you never know what's over the next wave......and if you have faith, anything is possible, anything at all.
Soul Surfer|I wouldn't change what happened to me because then I wouldn't have this chance, in front of all of you, to embrace more people than I ever could have with two arms.
Elisabeth Elliot, A Chance to Die: The Life and Legacy of Amy Carmichael|...Ponnammal set the example for the others by quietly doing what they did not care to do. Her spirit created a new climate in the place, and the time came when there was not one nurse who would refuse to do whatever needed to be done.
Jenny B. Jones, Save the Date|She just asked me to pick her up some tampons and a Yoo-Hoo." ~Alex Sinclair
Blaise Pascal|Knowlege of God without knowledge of man's wretchedness leads to pride. Knowledge of man's wretchedness without knowledge of God leads to despair. Knowledge of Jesus Christ is the middle course, because by it we discover both God and our wretched state.
Kevin Roose, The Unlikely Disciple: A Sinner's Semester at America's Holiest University|...I realized how naive I was. My aunt Tina was right: this stuff does exist, and it does hurt people, and although there are lots of people at Liberty who condemn violence against gays--including Dr. Falwell himself--the number of students who want to give them the Goliath treatment isn't zero. In fact, the number who live in my room isn't zero.
Sherry Thomas, Beguiling the Beauty|Even they would think you a monster were you toorchestrate a divorce right after my confinement.”“How long do you recommend I wait, then?”“A long time. I know what happens when a divorce is granted:The woman never gets anything. And I will not be parted from my child.”“So you will contest the divorce?”“To my last penny. And then I’ll borrow from Fitz and Millie.”“So we’ll be married ’til the end of time?”“The sooner you accept it, the sooner we are all better off.”His ancestors would have appreciated her hauteur: a fit wife for a de Montfort. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I must have enough rest.”He gazed at her retreating back. Foolish woman, did she not realize that he’d already accepted it from the moment he’d said “I do”?
Sherry Thomas, Beguiling the Beauty|He wanted to make cast models of her. He wanted to take a set of precision calipers and measure every distance between her features. He wanted her blood and glandular fluids analyzed by the finest chemists in the world—there must be something detectibly different in her inner workings for him to respond so dramatically, as if he’d been given a drug for which science had yet to find a name.But more than anything, he wanted to—
Sherry Thomas, Beguiling the Beauty|The next minute he realized what had happened to him, but not before she’d caught him staring.For a decade, I was fixated by her beauty. I wrote an entire article on the evolutionary significance of beauty as a rebuke to myself, that I, who understood the concepts so well, nevertheless could not escape the magnetic pull of one particular woman’s beauty.She knew. With surgical precision, she had peeled back his layers of defenses, until his heart lay bare before her, all its shame and yearning exposed.He could have lived with this if only he’d kept his secret whole and buried. But she knew. She knew.
Beverly S. Harless, One Night of Regrets: A Story of Restoration and Grace|When it comes to who will like your writing; the ones who will like it will like it because they can relate to the story or can find a piece of their own story hidden within - regardless of the mistakes. The ones who won't, never will - no matter what.
Sherry Thomas, Beguiling the Beauty|The explanation for her absence had been staring him in the face all the while, but he hadn’t wanted to acknowledge it: The affair meant nothing to her. He’d been the only one bewitched body and soul. For her, he’d been but a temporary source of entertainment, a way to pass the otherwise tedious hours in the middle of an ocean.He’d been the one to press for a continuation of their affair beyond the voyage. He’d been the one to offer his heart, his hand, his every last secret. She never even gave her real name.And, of course, never showed her face.
M.J. Chrisman, The Remnant: The Legend of the Seer|Cold be night, cold be heart;I shall forever sit in dark, Until one day ride at FlightAgainst armies of Thalorion For last fight….
Sherry Thomas, Beguiling the Beauty|For the next three seconds, he still dared to let himself hope.Perhaps she was making a grand entrance. Perhaps she would be carried in like Cleopatra, hidden in a roll of fine carpet.Perhaps—Three porters, grunting, pulled in a handcart.A crevasse opened before him and in fell his heart. No need to remove the tarpaulin wrapping. He recognized the stone slabby its size and weight.She had returned his present. She would have nothing more to do with him.
Sherry Thomas, Beguiling the Beauty|...So far I have restrained myself. For how much longer, I do not know.I have never known such happiness, shot through with such misery. Only four days have passed, they tell me. But that is not true. It has been decades since I sawyou last.You will find me a stooped old man when we meet again. Perhaps I might even need a pair of spectacles to recognize your veil.But I remain always,Your servant,C.One of Christian's onesided letters to the Baroness
Randy Alcorn|In the silence punctuated only by their footsteps, both men thought not of themselves but of a Man who once made a long,lonely march up a hill, who in the world's worst hour did the most courageous thing ever done.At the end of His climb,He spread out His arms and permitted guilty men to drive nails into His hands and feet. He endured untold agony to give undeserving men- like Mike Hollis, Derrick Freeman, Nathan Hayes, and Adam Mitchell- a second chance.To most people none of this - not what these men were doing now, nor what He did two thousand years ago-made sense.From the outside, grace and truth,honor and courage,seldom do.
Leslie Ludy|He does not want a girl who trifles with Christianity. He wants a woman who is radically given to Christ. He does not want a girl who prays tepid, lukewarm prayers. He wants a woman who lives in defiance of the powers of Hell. He does not want a girl who is self-adorning with the latest fashions and trends. He wants a woman who is adorned with the inner jewelry of Christ-given holiness. He does not want a girl who dishonors and belittles her parents. He wants a woman who honors the authorities God has placed in her life and serves them with charity and gladness. He does not want a girl whose Bible is an accessory to her wardrobe. He wants a woman whose hunger and thirst is to know the Lord, and who diligently feasts upon His Word. He does not want a girl whose tongue is a deceptive weapon of selfishness. He wants a woman whose words drip with the honey of the name of Jesus.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|But miracles still happen, even if we don't think they do.
Lesslie Newbigin|When the Church tries to embody the rule of God in the forms of earthly power it may achieve that power, but it is no longer a sign of the kingdom.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|I felt peace, even though I was still scared to death. I thought that, whatever would happen to me - I could still be killed. I didn't know - and in what I'd already been through, God was in control.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|To me it was real war and my life was at stake, and I believe that all those clandestine spy games we played as children helped when the Occupation came.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|They thought we were stupid to do it, (hide Jews) of course; in fact, it was beyond their comprehension that we would risk so much for Jews.
V.S. Carnes|His head snapped sharply aside to collide with his own aching shoulder. The hulking brute he had heard referred to as Abdullah leaned into Caine’s face while his brain was yet reeling, flexing his fingers from the punch just dealt to his jaw, and said in Arabic, “I did not know English women were so strong.
Colin Bord, Sacred Waters|Allegorical stories of saints battling with giants, monsters and demons may be interpreted as symbolizing the Christian's fight against paganism. At Bwlch Rhiwfelen (Denbigh) St Collen fought and killed a cannibal giantess, afterwards washing away the blood-stains in a well later known as Ffynnon Gollen. In Ireland, the tales of saints slaying giant serpents may have the same meaning; alternatively they (or some of them) may refer to early sightings of genuine water monsters. St Barry banished a serpent from a mountain into Lough Lagan (Roscommon), and a holy well sprang up where the saint's knee touched the ground.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|O Father, console them and please spare our country from that terrible disaster, not because we are any better but only out of grace. And if it has to be different, then teach me to pray: "Your will be done." O please protect him whom my soul lives! -From the journal of Diet Eman
V.S. Carnes|What she knew was sand and wind and innumerable stars. The rumble in a camel’s throat as it swayed over shifting dunes, its trappings jingling in time with its steps beneath her. She knew the sting of thirst and the taste of dried fruit, the glare of sun and the frigid, bone-numbing cold of the air when the sun gave her throne over to the moon. She knew that, to survive, one must often revise one’s caliber, and one must completely depend upon Jesus Christ.
Charles Grandison Finney|It is the great business of every Christian to save souls. People complain that they do not know how to take hold of this matter. Why, the reason is plain enough; they have never studied it. They have never taken the proper pains to qualify themselves for the work. If you do not make it a matter of study, how you may successfully act in building up the kingdom of Christ, you are acting a very wicked and absurd part as a Christian.
A.A. Allen|If you are walking with Jesus, in the Spirit, you need not fear going too far. No believer has gone as far as God wants him to go.
Letty Cottin Pogrebin, DEBORAH, GOLDA AND ME|When the president of the United States flicks the switch to light up the Christmas tree on the White House lawn, that house ceases to be an American symbol; it becomes a Christian symbol.
Karen Harper, Fall from Pride|Southern hospitality and Amish cooking - Ya'll Come Back, Danki.
Seraphim Rose, Genesis, Creation, and Early Man: The Orthodox Christian Vision|I would urge us to be not too certain of our accustomed ways of looking at Genesis, and to open ourselves to the wisdom of the God-bearing men of the past who have devoted so much intellectual effort to understanding the text of Genesis as it was meant to be understood. These Holy Fathers are our key to understanding Genesis.
Kinley MacGregor, Return of the Warrior|Adara, cease!"She froze at the sound of a voice she hadn't expected to hear. For a moment she thought she might be dreaming, until she blinked to look up into the most handsome face she'd ever known. She stared at the same blue eyes that made the tenderest of love to her.Christian.Her grip went lax and the candlestick in her hand fell to the floor. He was alive!She threw herself into his arms and held him close as giddy tears replaced her grief-induced ones. At least until her rage took hold again. "Damn you, you worthless, heartless son of a dog!" she snarled, pulling back to strike at his chest. "How dare you make me think you were dead! Don't you ever do such a thing to me again. "Christian was stunned by her language and actions. "I didn't know you could hear us through the door."She struck him again on his armor, a blow that no doubt he felt not at all, but it gave her some degree of satisfaction. "Well, think better next time."Her untoward anger amused him. Wiping the tears from her face, he kissed her tenderly.
John Alexander Dowie|My tears were wiped away, my heart was strong, I saw the way of healing…I said, “God help me now to preach the Word to all the dying around, and tell them how ‘tis Satan still defiles, and Jesus still delivers, for He is just the same today.
Kinley MacGregor, Return of the Warrior|She reached up to place her fingertips to his lips as she stared up at him with a warm, tender expression. "I wish you had come home to me so that I could have helped you."He pulled the cloth away from her face and stared at her for a hard second. "Had I known what was waiting for me, my lady, I would have."-Christian and Adara
Lois A. Cheney, God is No Fool|Hey! look at usWe're digging and diggingInto stubborn, ancient earth;We're discoveringWhere we came from,and how we came."but where are you going?"Hey! look at usWe're learning and learningInto stubborn lawsOf nature and spaceAnd non-nature and non-space;We're discoveringAll there is to know."but where are you going?"Hey! look at usWe're planning and planningInto stubborn yearsOf education and trainingAnd hopes and dreams;We're discoveringHow not to waste any time."but where are you going?"Hey! look at usWe're shiny and brightAnd clever and sophisticatedAnd witty and well-read;We're discoveringHow to really fill upThis old life."but where are you going?"where?"Yes; where?
C. Nuzum|The devil is busytrying to take from uswhat we get from God,and so God bids us hold fast.
Deborah Brodie, In His Love|Count the cost of your calling, find the value of your dream, and most of all find your place in His love.
Kinley MacGregor, Return of the Warrior|The bishop was aghast. "You would threaten me?"Christian didn't hesitate with his answer."For her life, aye.""You would jeopardize your soul for her? She is a heretic and a witch.""She is a woman. My woman."His words only succeeded in angering the bishop more. "I will have you excommunicated for this."Christian pulled the black monk's robe from over his head and balled it up. "Then excommunicate me. If I am in the wrong for protecting an innocent woman, then God can judge me as He will.
Linda Leigh Hargrove|Lucretia Jane Price. A sweet name for a sweet lady that smelled of roses, spoke with a sweet drawl, and was surely made of all the sweet country things a man who hadn't eaten a good meal in a long time could imagine -- molasses, sweet peas, sweet corn, freshly churned butter.
Linda Leigh Hargrove|With Catty and Patrick's images in he side mirror waving from the steps of that house like Jethro and Ellie Mae, it occurred to me that something extraordinary had happened. I had effortlessly found a place of acceptance -- a place where people had taken me for me, not for what I could give them -- and I had left it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The priest must teach the people, the fear of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Jesus Christ, the Saviour is my Shepherd.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We can only please God, when we pray for his power.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ is my Shepherd.
Brant Hansen, Blessed Are the Misfits: Great News for Believers who are Introverts, Spiritual Strugglers, or Just Feel Like They're Missing Something|One of the hardest-to-swallow, most countercultural, counter intuitive implications of the gospel is that bearing up under a difficult burden with patient perseverance is a good thing.
Henrietta Newton Martin -Senior Legal Consultant & Author ( Greatest of All Romances, Your Potter's|The Lord seeks to establish status quo before His return. He is gathering His sheep, His birds, His people under His wings, under His authority, His Kingship, the only authority and Kingship of our Lord God and Master, as in the times of Abraham, Moses, Isaac and Jacob.
Katie Davis Majors, Daring to Hope: Finding God's Goodness in the Broken and the Beautiful|I think of the privilege it is to be able to speak life over these hurting people and believe in new life for them as we strive to love them the way we've been loved by Christ, the privilege it is to watch His faithfulness unfold in their stories.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever is godly, loves good.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We often go astray, seeking our own way, until the the sacred moment of suffering, then we find grace to cry out for Saviour.
Tiffany  Webster, Embracing the Broken: Letting Go of Perfection and Living by the Power of Christ's Grace|By embracing our brokenness, we don’t come to Christ's feet occasionally, but we stay at His feet continuously.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I know who saved my life, the Saviour!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Who is the Saviour? The Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I own my life to the Saviour, who saved me.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Pray until you can pray. And when you can pray,  keep praying.
Arash Tabish|In all my childhood, they was promoting hate towards non Muslims and towards people who don't believe and worship like how we did. They thought to hate non Muslims like Jude and Christians cause they are dirty and worse then pigs. as a Christian in my country, i had no rights, everyday of my life i was living in fear or death. I had no rights in a country where i born and growth. But now when they ( Muslims ) has debate or conversation with non Muslims, they said Islam is the best and true religion cause as muslims we respect all human rights. But i must say it is not true at all cause i can not have any right in my country if i want to be a christian, even not rights of being alive. So how they said then that muslims respect all human rights? They don't, they are just making fool of themselves and some who don't know.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the end, we serve, the Saviour, who saved us from death to life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|While we love, we ought to love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I must loss everything, to gain anything that Christ Jesus has for me under the power of His grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Bless your mum, who carried you for nine months in her womb.
Lailah Gifty, Akita|With the grace of prayer, we shall prevail.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With grace, we find the strength within to reach the goal.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What great deed can parent do, than to pray for their children.
Laiah Gifty Akita|In every circumstance, call out to Jesus Christ.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With Christ Jesus, we are overcomers.
Laiah Gifty Akita|O Lord of mercy, have pity on us.
Laiah Gifty Akita|When we fall, Jesus Christ will help us to rise up.
Laiah Gifty Akita|Christ Jesus is full of compassion, if we come to Him, He will heal us.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Rejected by man, yet accepted by the Maker.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In every moment, know that the Lord's presence is always with you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Who can walk in the shoes of the sacrifice of the Lamb,the Lord Jesus Christ?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish to compare, compare yourself with God's commandment.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without sanctification, dwell in the state of impurity.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we know the good we ought to do, but fail to act, we sin.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God's Law is holy, righteous, and good.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The sinful desire of the flesh leads to uncleanness, sexual immorality, and sensuality.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we come to the light of God, all our sins shall be forgiven by faith in Jesus Christ.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Truth is there is only one wise God, the Divine Being.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Truth speaks for itself, this is the works of the Holy Spirit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we begin to study the Scriptures, our souls shall be sanctified.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Holy Spirit searches all things, the depth of Truth of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is only one Saviour, the Lord JESUS CHRIST.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In any situation, God's grace is sufficient.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without grace, how can we do the good, we ought to do?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you walk in the light, all the darkness around you shall disappear.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Who can save a wretched soul? Only the Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The sacred lamp, shall never cease to burn to give light.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the end, we live to serve the Saviour, who saved us from all slavery in the flesh. And make us awake in a new life of the spirit of Christ Jesus.
Sunshine Rodgers, God The Father Jesus The Big Brother Holy Spirit The Best Friend|This young man did not date anyone but his wife, claiming it works much better when God's in charge.
Ted  Roberts, Brotherly Love: The Gospel of Jesus Christ|We must realize that even though the sacred text of the scriptures could never be improved or changed, flesh certainly can!
Lailah Gifty Akita|In Christ, my chains are broken.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Thanks be to God, who has been my very helper from the day I was born to this present moment.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the end, we live to serve the Saviour, who liberates us.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Salvation does not depend on human desire or effort, but on God’s mercy of grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I must serve the Great Master, God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|At the miraculous moment, when you meet Jesus Christ, you shall be made well.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When you walk in the light, all the darkness around you shall disappear.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Lift you your eyes, look to God, holy heavens.
Anita Dittman, Trapped in Hitler's Hell: A Young Jewish Girl Discovers the Messiah's Faithfulness in the Midst of the Holocaust|God's people do not need to fear. God delivers. And if He does not deliver, He sustains. And if He does not sustain, He receives us into His everlasting arms - for He is sovereign! God be praised.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is only ONE Saviour, Jesus Christ.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If Christians, think of Christ Jesus, they will act like holy servant of Son of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Please, God give us the grace to carefully obey all your commands,.
Matthew Pierce, Homeschool Sex Machine: Babes, Bible Quiz, and the Clinton Years|Hey girl, I saw the Apostle Paul and he said for you to greet me with a holy kiss.
Natasha Pulley, The Watchmaker of Filigree Street|I'm a Buddhist. You might have a Christian obligation to catch pneumonia while you sit for two and a half hours listening to some twerp in a dress drone on about the virtue of wedded life but, dear as you are to me, I don't.
John Calvin|All the blessings we enjoy are Divine deposits, committed to our trust on this condition, that they should be dispensed for the benefit of our neighbors.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Then Peter said to them, "Repent, and let every one of you be baptized in the Name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins; and you shall recieve the gift of the Holy Spirit." ACTS 2: 38
Lailah Gifty Akita|In Christ Jesus, we are bound to be free.
Kara Isaac, Then There Was You|When was the last time she had trusted God, really rusted Him, without reservations, without a backup plan or a safety net?
Lailah Gifty Akita|I have gone astray many times, but Now, what matters is the mercy of God's grace that guides me in the right path.
Gift Gugu Mona|It is not the Church name that matters, but a Christ like character from every Christian that makes a difference.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Heavenly Father, I thank you for your favour.
Lailah Gifty Akita|May we continue to workship God, with wholehearted devotion.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If a man can save himself, there is no need for a Saviour.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read the Scripture, we shall know what God requires of us.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If Christians read the Holy Bible, they know the Lord Jesus Christ.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We first doubt, to find the truth.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever has experienced near-death, knows how gracious, it is to be alive.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Shall we accept the testimony of a man, yet reject the Truth of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|LORD God, please give us grace to obey thy great laws.
Arnel Tan, Moments of Grace|Honor is for the Lord. Who the Lord honors, and how He'll do it, is all up to Him.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we wish to grow in grace in the knowledge of God, we must study the Scriptures.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Though sin abound, God's grace is greater to save.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without God's grace, we stumble in sin.
Vinko Vrbanic|Nothing can be located in space and time w/out changing angles. Perceive Him as God, or Spirit, or Son, these are mere snapshots from three different angles of one and the same being. Unless the Christians learn how to put them together, they would learn nothing concerning the essence of the Eternal.
R. T. Kendall|We must let God be Himself in us. This means that we must let Him be Himself in others too. We ought not to judge the style of another person’s worship.But worship that is elitist or is reduced to the level of popular entertainment, worship that is emotional or aesthetic is worship in name only. It has the external form without the reality. What we long for is living worship. But how does this come about?Our churches should not be places where the unregenerate come on Sundays because they “like the worship.” Our churches ought to be places where the unregenerate feel uncomfortable because it is the Spirit who is important and who comes first. Our controlling principle must be obedience to the Spirit—no matter where He leads us.Psalm 37:4 is true for all of us, whomever we are or whatever we want. But when we delight ourselves in the Lord, some of our desires may wither away and be replaced by new ambitions. So it will not do to envisage a definite goal concerning the form our worship must take. We must first of all be sure that we are delighting ourselves in the Lord and then see what God does.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we repent of our sins, we shall recieve refreshing time from the Lord.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If every Christian read Bible, they know that God's grace for us is Jesus Christ.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We can not just live any how. There are consequences for every action, where evil or good.
Lailah Gifty Akita|To heed, we must first hear.
Lailah Gifty Akita|THAT you abstain from things offered to idols, from blood, from things strangled, and sexual immorality. If you keep yourselves, from these you do well." Acts 15:29
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever believe in Jesus Christ, shall receive remission of sins.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What must I do to be saved? Believe in the Saviour, Jesus Christ.
Lailah Gifty Akita|None can save us, accept the Saviour.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In this life, only one thing is needful ; God's grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we realized we are wrong, we must confess sins. THEN return to seek the right ways of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I know O LORD, that a man's way is not in himself. That is not in a man who walks to direct his steps." Jeremiah 10:23
Lailah Gifty Akita|The holy servant, the Saviour JESUS CHRIST.
Janette Oke, Where Hope Prevails|It's not that somehow we may discover something in how we view ourselves or our enviroment that we'll find suitably fillling, that will help us rise above the daily struggle for existence. I'm saying that everything in the natural world proclaims there's something infinetly more-some wisdom and reason behing everything we see. Just look around. It doesn't take a college degree to see it.
Janette Oke, Where Hope Prevails|It's not that somehow we may discover something in how we view ourselves or our environment that we'll find suitably fulfilling, that will help us rise above the daily struggle for existence. I'm saying that everything in the natural world proclaims there's a reason behind everything we see. Just look around. It doesn't take a college degree to see it." Phillip gestured in the darkness and up toward the stars hanging as if within reach." We aren't the center of it all. But I do belive we're of inestimable value, because we were made in the image of a loving and creative God. That's where our sense of self and dignity comes from-from the marvelous Creator who filled the world with such incredible beauty and gave it to us for a time. I all underscores the value He places on us, His creation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|True repentence is to depart from evil. A return to God, seeking his grace for power to obey him.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without the Holy Bible, how can we believe in God?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If ours souls are thirsty, we can draw freely, livng water from the well of salvation.
Becky Wade, True to You|So . . . I am the someone you were speaking of earlier?Yes. You're my someone.You're my someone, too.
Becky Wade, True to You|You are trustworthy.' She said it again and again, letting the chorus seep into her quavering heart and hungry soul. "I trust you with everything. My whole life. I want your will, Lord. Not mine. Just . . . . ' Her voice broke. 'Just Christ alone. That's what I choose. You're enough.
Becky Wade, True to You|The things you didn't receive added value to your life, the same as did the things you received. Life had holes. Life was still beautiful.
Slavoj Žižek, Violence|The Christian motto 'All men are brothers', however, also means that those who do not accept brotherhood are not men.
Heather Avis, The Lucky Few: Finding God's Best in the Most Unlikely Places|Today I'm aware of all the times I have said no to opportunities God has placed before me because I think I'm not rich enough, equipped enough, talented enough, strong enough, or crazy enough to say yes. All the times I have mistaken good things for bad. All the times I have allowed the opinions of an ignorant majority to guide my thinking instead of looking to Jesus and his heart in the matter. I wonder how many times we, his children, choose a comfortable no over a terrifying yes - the kind of yes that will lead us to the only place we should ever long to be: in the arms of Jesus.
Sarah Monzon, All of You|God is big enough to handle anything you throw at him . . . the one thing you have to remember though, son. When you throw something, it's no longer in your hands.
Tessa Afshar, Bread of Angels|Dare to try, knowing that you will make mistakes. You will fall short again and again, because there is no effort without error. In the end, you will either know the triumph of high achievement, or if you fail, you will fail while daring greatly.
Tessa Afshar, Bread of Angels|While he hung on the cross, caught in the agony of such a death, Jesus found the strength to speak a handful of words. Shall I tell you my favorite? He said, 'Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they are doing.' He said this about his tormenters and murderers. Roman and Jew. It did not matter to him. He spoke forgiveness over them, although they betrayed him and robbed him of life itself.
Sarah Monzon, All of You|You take the opportunities given to you. If we always waited for perfection, we'd miss out on so much. Don't you think?
David Langmas|When your physician says, “you have two to four months to live” because their medicine isn’t working I hope you take a chance to build a relationship with God and pray that Jesus Christ/God/Holy Spirit can heal you! You have nothing to lose at this point but so much to gain. God bless you!
Willowy Whisper, Only Children Chase Sawdust|Without needing told, without Jacob's lead, Akando dropped to his knees and lunged into the throne room of Christ.
April W. Gardner, The Ebony Cloak|A brusque whisper coaxed Phillip from slumber. Someone had called his name. The cot squeaked as he sat up and squinted at a featureless silhouette. “Who is it?”“Rise. Quick. Bring your medicine maker.” The ragged voice belonged to True Seeker.Tasked with keeping a watchful eye on Milly, the young man would come to Phillip at this hour for only one reason. He swung his legs to the ground. With one foot going into his trousers, he took a wide step across the narrow barracks and jostled Buck’s shoulder.His friend was on his feet and half-dressed before Phillip left the building, alarm urging his feet to a gallop. No one need tell him which direction to go. He buckled his sword belt as he went. The scabbard slapped his leg with each footfall, bringing to mind a similar night not long enough ago. His stride lengthened.This time, he would run Collins clean through.
April W. Gardner, The Ebony Cloak|Was there anything he wouldn’t give for an isolated cabin and one night with her? No, he didn’t imagine there was—not that he had anything left to give.The last two things Phillip possessed he’d already bequeathed—to Milly, his heart, and to the Almighty, his vow to that he’d marry her if He would simply rearrange their circumstances to make it possible.
April W. Gardner, The Ebony Cloak|Captain Bailey’s face went rigid as he stepped aside, revealing another bicorne-crowned officer just behind him.The gentleman joined their circle, probing Milly with his gaze. He was handsome, more so than the other two. The upward tilt of his chin, confident set to his shoulders, and seductive smile lifting one corner of his mouth sent a wave of disquiet through her middle.She’d met this sort before.The silver tassels on his epaulettes glimmered in the firelight and spoke of power, and she lowered her eyes, pointedly aware she didn’t belong here, surrounded by such important men, addressing them as if anything she said were worthy of their consideration. She sucked in a deliberate breath and drew back ever so slightly.Captain Bailey matched her move and slipped a hand to the back of her elbow. She suspected the touch was meant to be one of support. Instead, she felt trapped.“Miss Milly Wilkins, may I present Captain Jameson Collins?” Captain Bailey’s voice was clipped, and Milly feared he was beginning to see through the ruse.The sound of rattling chains stemmed from the shadows and her eyes darted toward it. Any minute these officers would realize she should be shackled as well. Could they see through the shadows of her hood to the pulse pounding in her neck?
April W. Gardner, The Ebony Cloak|With unsteady hands, Phillip yanked on the mare’s bridle straps while trying to loosen one of the stubborn buckles. She snorted at his rough handling.Totka appeared beside him. “Let me.”Phillip gratefully released the task, an unexpected sense of brotherhood filling him. If anyone knew the heartache of separation, it was the man whose deft brown hands readied Phillip’s mount for the long road ahead.Totka’s own road had been lengthy. And yet, after two years, he somehow managed to continue to place one foot in front of the other. His breath still entered and left his body in the same monotonous pattern. How? When already several times over the half-day since Grayson had ridden out with Milly, Phillip had wondered if his chest might explode with the effort of expanding and contracting without her.
April W. Gardner, The Ebony Cloak|Phillip hardened his grip on Totka’s. “For all our manipulations, God always manages to get His way.”“A beautiful woman once told me our Jesus Creator is a good and wise chief, worthy of obedience without question. His plan is perfect. Wait, and you will see.
April W. Gardner, The Ebony Cloak|He came back to her lips and tasted them briefly before settling his forehead against hers. “I don’t care what Grayson or his legal document says,” he muttered between catches of wind. “God’s given you to me, and as soon as He allows, I’ll claim you as my own.”He spoke with such confidence that if she allowed herself, she could almost believe him. But with belief came hope, and with hope, the inevitability of pain.The knocking at the door resumed, more urgently this time.Along her throat, splotches of cool marked where he’d sampled her. Milly lamented that it was already warming. In heartbeats, all she would have was memories. And anguish. Could God truly fill the hollow Phillip would leave? Last night, His promise had filled her to the depths of her soul. It was enough. It would have to be.With his eyes locked on hers, Phillip’s hand trailed her cheek and throat. It brushed over her shoulder and down her arm. Then, in one blink, he wiped every emotion from his face, stunning her with the callous glaze of his eyes.He gripped her by the elbow, whisked her through the kitchen, and opened the door to her wretched future.
April W. Gardner, The Ebony Cloak|For being so straight and sure, God’s path held quite the assortment of twists.
Joyce Rachelle|If you think about life simply as one big waiting room for eternity, who cares if it's not fully air conditioned?
David E. Fitch|The gospel is the announcement that God has fulfilled the promise of Scriptures to make the world right in Jesus Christ (1 Cor 15:1-11). Christ has died for our sins. By his death and resurrection (and ascension), he has defeated the effects of our sins, including death itself. He now sits at the right hand of the Father ruling over the world. In Christ the new creation has begun. Old things are passing away. Behold, the new has begun (2 Cor 5:17). All who respond to this good news repent of the old ways, and make Jesus their Lord and Savior, enter in and become part of what God is doing to reconcile the whole world to himself (2 Cor 5:18-19), and receive power to become the children of God (Jn 1:12). This in one paragraph is the gospel.
Henri Nouwen|You are my Beloved, on you my favor rests.' It certainly is not easy to hear that voice in a world filled with voices that shout: 'You are no good, you are ugly; you are worthless; you are despicable, you are nobody- unless you can demonstrate the opposite.' These negative voices are so loud and so persistent that it is easy to believe them. That's the great trap. It is the trap of self-rejection.
Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability|The strength of America is not vested in the ability of the government to remain true to Christian principles. It rests in the strength of the people to stay true to the Christian virtue that provides an adequate base for electing virtuous representatives, thereby maintaining our Constitutional Republic.
Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability|The truth is only a few hundred people are at the top of the media infrastructure…in America, and their worldview is what gets delivered to the people. It isn’t necessarily that there is a conspiracy…a humanist will promote humanist values. If we choose to see it as a conspiracy, we will demonize those we find to be culpable and will lack the insight necessary to instigate change.
A.W. Tozer, The Knowledge of the Holy|For this reason the gravest question before the Church is always God Himself, and the most portentous fact about any man is not what he at a given time may say or do, but what he in his deep heart conceives God to be like. We tend by a secret law of the soul to move toward our mental image of God.
Chuck Bridges|If GOD had a milk carton, would your face be on it?
Christine Rawlins, A Vision of God|...there is a constant theme at the centre of all her writings which forms the heart of her vision of God, From her earliest novel to the mature vision of her autobiography, the central importance of unity, reconciliation, one-ness, is reiterated; for she came increasingly to see everything in life, even the darkness of fear and pain and suffering, as part of the one perfect whole that is Creation, that tiny hazelnut of Dame Julian's vision that was all that is made.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|Yes, but perhaps he did have something to do with it.” (In such arguments Stenham often found himself unexpectedly extolling the bourgeois virtues.) “If he was good himself, and worked hard—”“Never!” cried Amar, his eyes blazing. “You’re a Nazarene, a Christian. That’s why you talk that way. If you were a Moslem and said such things, you’d be killed or struck blind here, this minute. Christians have good hearts, but they don’t know anything. They think they can change what has been written. They’re afraid to die because they don’t understand what death is for. And if you’re afraid to die, then you don’t know what life is for. How can you live?
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|I remember when I was growing up and there would be sick people in the church. I was always so sensitive to them sitting in the pews alone, and I would not pass by without saying hello. But even at those tender ages of 5 through 14, I felt like they carried the plague, and after seeing them I would turn around praying really hard to never experience sickness like that, ever. I’d pray that I wouldn’t make God angry enough to curse me like that with really awful things, but I didn’t think about grace. I did not understand that it does not work that way, that God’s grace is so much bigger than our sin because of Jesus—but I do get it now. We go through what we do so that we can fulfill God’s glory in our lives.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish gain understanding, turn away from evil.
Sunday Adelaja|When Christian leaders dare to invade with authority the devil’s domain with kingdom attitude, people listen
Sunday Adelaja|The church and all Christians need to pray, but without playing an active part, it is impossible to impact the country
Sunday Adelaja|If every Christian will have an active civil position, he can become a reformer in his country
Robin Sacredfire|You must know your enemy to beat him at his own game, but be ready as well for the ultimate sacrifice, for nobody comes out of hell without a scratch.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Study the Bible, there God is the teacher.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we obey God, we shall be his treasured possession.
Elizabeth Prentiss, Stepping Heavenward|Bring into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Take what I cannot give--my heart, body, thoughts, time, abilities, money, health, strength, nights, days, youth, age, and spend them in Thy service, O my crucified Master, Redeemer, God. Oh, let these not be mere words! Whom have I in heaven but Thee? And there is none upon earth that I desire in comparison of Thee. My heart is athirst for God, for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we obey God, the more we shall know his goodness.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we obey God, we will be happy.
Robin Sacredfire|Nothing can create more dramatic changes than simple and pure love and compassion. When people pray, their prayers are listened, but the answers manifest in forms that their selfishness blinds them to see.
Priscilla Shirer, Fervent: A Woman's Battle Plan to Serious, Specific and Strategic Prayer|Unforgiveness is a strategic "design," craftily implemented by you enemy to "outwit" you, to cripple your effectiveness in prayer and your power to stand against him victoriously. Which is why, if I were your enemy, I would do everything possible to keep you from forgiving anyone and everyone who's done you any wrong.
Tish Harrison Warren, Liturgy of the Ordinary: Sacred Practices in Everyday Life|Similarly, when we denigrate our bodies—whether through neglect or staring at our faces and counting up our flaws—we are belittling a sacred site, a worship space more wonderous than the most glorious, ancient cathedral. We are standing before the Grand Canyon or the Sistine Chapel and rolling our eyes.
Criss Jami|As for the secularist belief that says 'if we were to eliminate all religions, the world would know peace,' this is the Atheist Heaven; thus it is so important to him (although perhaps more laughable than some say the Christian Heaven). It is about as useless as saying 'if all people were true Christians, the world would know peace,' or 'if all people were devout Muslims, the world would know peace.' And even yet, the secular dream could remain active only for a time before generational rebellion and freedom of thought were to kick in anew.
Braden Pedersen, 30-Second Theology: By Braden Pedersen|There is no 'big sin' or 'little sin', it's just sin.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Unlocking Closed Doors|Joseph went from prison to prime minister from trials to triumph, from scar-weary to stardom
Criss Jami|Our poor world aspires simply to point out where Christians have gone wrong, and that is pretty much where it goes wrong. It is as though many of us, when of the world, are actually all the more judgmental: for we are stuck on a bad Christian while the Christian is pinned to a good Christ.
Robert E. Barron|Love actually is a great act of the will. It's when I say, "I desire your good, not for my sake but for yours". To love is to break out of the black hole of the ego and say, "My life is about you".
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening: Daily Readings|A godly man often grows best when his worldly circumstances decay. He who follows Christ for his bag is a Judas; they who follow for loaves and fishes are children of the devil; but they who attend him out of love to himself are his own beloved ones. Lord, let me find my life in thee...!
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|The basis of spiritual community is truth, the basis of emotional community is desire.The exclusion of the weak and insignificant, the seemingly useless people, from everyday Christian life in community may actually mean the exclusion of Christ; for in the poor sister or brother, Christ is knocking at the door.
Kimberly Stuart, Better Together|...this place, this life, the one we were building together, even with all its cracks and bumps and imperfections, this life was the one I needed, the one I wanted, and that best of all, it was home.
Kimberly Stuart, Better Together|I felt my heart warm up and become pliable in a way that I hadn't felt in far too long, and I knew in that moment that the thaw had happened because I was finally surrendering.
Robin Sacredfire|Dying for the world is not noble in anyway but a disgrace for the rest of the world itself, for those that don't do absolutely anything to support, help or even bleed. It's like going to war alone, while our friends cheer and applaud from the distance. It's not fun and doesn't make me proud in any way. Most so-called spiritual people in this world, are not spiritual, they think they are but they're braindead, they are living their own fantasies, their own Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings Stories, but not truly bleeding for life. And so, it's quite interesting when my friends do all they can to stop me from leaving them, from changing country, while at the same time, they give me no reason to justify being attached to them.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Pulling Down Satanic Strongholds|When life belittle and trick you, you will forget protocol...
Kellen Roggenbuck|As Christians we are called to make disciples of all the nations, meeting them where they are and serving them in ways that are relevant and meaningful. That is the challenge: as the church, to remain relevant and meaningful, in efforts to reach all people where they are in a way they need.
Karen Witemeyer, To Win Her Heart|Levi's gaze sought out Miss Spencer. Eden. All she had to do was smile to release those little frissons of lightning in him.  As that thought crossed his mind, she glanced up, and Levi realized he was wrong. She didn't have to smile. All she had to do was look at him.  Heaven help him. He was in bad.
S.G|Atheists say that religion is like wearing shackles. Religion sets forth laws that govern how we act, and countries set forth laws that govern how we act. Yet only one is like wearing shackles.
S.G|Atheists don't like it when we push our morals on them and other people. But we don't, they follow them willingly and knowingly because they know that we are right. They hate us, but follow us.
Criss Jami|You are the enemy and a vessel through which the cure flows - if Christ lives in you, then you are an embodiment of the very shot this hostile and crying world needs as it, in every waking moment, struggles belligerently to resist.
Richard T. Ritenbaugh|However, the primary job of a servant of God is to speak or to write words to convict people of God's truth. So, in the speaking or in the writing of words, he witnesses for God.
Brent Garzelli, The Mad Ravings of a Bona Fide Tree Hugger|Sharing both personal details from his life's story as well as discussing the idea of a panentheistic God-that is, a God who is in everything-Garzelli invites readers to think about the who of our Creator.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|26. Don’t marry someone with intolerable characteristics in the hopes of changing him or her. If you can’t live with someone who drinks or someone who isn’t a Christian or someone who isn’t clean, then don’t marry that kind of person. The chances for miraculous improvements or changes in behavior are slim. What you see is what you get!
Christina Engela, Inanna Rising: Women Forged in Fire|If you don't follow Christ or love others in the way Christ said, and let yourself be bogged down instead with fearfulness, hatred, violence and the persecution of others - HOW can you call yourself a 'Christian'?
Stephen Lawhead|Most High God, let your servant see but a little ahead. Or, if not give me the hope that drives out fear
E M Bounds|To him who prays, and as he prays, the hour is sacred because it is God's hour
Peter J. Tanous|The three Secrets of Fatima were closely held by the Vatican for decades, until the text of the third and last secret was finally released in 2000.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Well, there is no sin in being gay. The immorality comes from engaging in forbidden behavior. Therefore, the Christian homosexual is in the same situation as the unmarried heterosexual. He (or she) is expected to control his or her lusts and live a holy life. I know this is a tough position to take, and some will argue with it. But I stand on the authority of Scripture, and I have no license to edit it.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Whether right or wrong, it is my belief that Christian colleges place their emphasis not on that which divides us, but on the substance that binds us together. That commonality is the gospel of Jesus Christ. He commanded us to love one another—to set aside our differences and to care for “the least of these” among us. It is our unity, not our diversity, that deserves our allegiance.
Elisabeth Elliot|Prayer is a law of the universe. As God has ordained that certain physical laws should govern the law of this universe, so He has ordained the spiritual law. Books simply will not stay put on the table without the operation of gravity - although God could cause them, by divine fiat, to stay. Certain things simply will not happen without the operation of prayer, although God could cause them, by divine fiat, to happen. The Bible is full o examples of people doing what they could do and asking God to do what they couldn't do. In other words, the pattern given to us is both to work and pray.
Michael Vito Tosto, Portrait of an Infidel: The Acerbic Account of How a Passionate Christian Became an Ardent Atheist|If the number of religious converts who converted during a season of intense suffering is high, then does that mean that the number of religious abstainers who abstained because their life was already satisfying is correspondingly low? If so, does this argue for or against religion’s relevance in the world? If theistic religion is attractive, useful, and remedial only for those broken people in the most dismal of needful situations, then is this truly the work of a God or is it just the human psyche gravitating toward a comforting solution?
Kristen Heitzmann, Told You Twice|If she looked into a fractured mirror, she'd see what he saw.
Larry Alan Thompson, Know Be Do: Turning the Christian Life Right Side Up|Knowing God supersedes everything else because it is the supreme cause. Everything else—being, doing, loving, believing, hoping, praising, worshipping, evangelizing, glorifying, enjoying—is an effect.
Tamara L. Chilver|Many people ask what they should do in their quiet time. Find a time early in your day when there are no distractions, which includes children, television, radio, or anything else that may take your focus off what you are doing. Pray for concerns on your heart and thank God for your blessings. Read God's Word and look for meaning in the scriptures and how to apply them to your life. You and your children will be blessed when you seek the Lord daily.
Tamara L. Chilver|If I had to sum up homeschooling in one word, it would be freedom.
Tamara L. Chilver|Teach the child, not just the curriculum.
Tamara L. Chilver|Dear Homeschool Mom, You've got this! God called you to it, and He will see you through it. Inhale Grace. Exhale Doubt.
Tamara L. Chilver|When I think of the word "organic," I think of natural, wholesome, and fundamental.That's exactly what I want my children's education to be like.
Tamara L. Chilver|My Top Ten Reasons for Homeschooling: (10) Birthdays become school holidays. I love celebrations!(9) I always get to be the chaperone on field trips. Lucky me.(8) I can sleep in on rainy mornings. (Okay, I wrote that before my last two babies were born- no more sleeping in for Mom now.)(7) My pajamas are sometimes my work uniform until noon. Shhh!(6) The teacher-student ratio can’t be beat!(5) I can kiss the school principal in the faculty lounge. ♥(4) Integrating God in our school lessons is always encouraged.(3) I do not have to stay up late at night helping my children study for tests and complete homework assignments.(2) I have the opportunity to instill the love of learning.(1) I am the recipient of hugs and kisses all day long.
Tamara L. Chilver|God has a plan for you (Jer. 29:11) and you will make it through this time of testing. Keep on believing and moving forward and you will see Him working out the details. God is never early or late but His timing is always perfect. You will see, I promise.
Tamara L. Chilver|Homeschooling is not head-to-head, it's heart-to-heart.
Tamara L. Chilver|Organic education is natural, wholesome, and fundamental.
Tamara L. Chilver|Goodbye worry, fear, doubt, and guilt. Hello grace.
Tamara L. Chilver|Proverbs 16:3 "Commit to the LORD whatever you do, and He will establish your plans."A great reminder when planning out the school year.
Tamara L. Chilver|[Put] on your oxygen mask first. We cannot give our children something we don't have ourselves. I encourage you to make a commitment to having a quiet time with God every day. This may involve some sacrifices, such as waking up ten minutes earlier, turning off the morning news for a few minutes, or finding time alone, but I can promise that the results will be worth it.
Santosh Thankachan|Dilemma of a Modern Christian:We know enough Word to make us Argumentativebut not enough to help ourself change.We have enough Knowledge to make us Religiousbut not enough to make us Godly.We have enough Reasons for being critical about othersbut never enough to be Compassionate.We have enough Wisdom to say that we are Rightbut never enough to Say "God I'm Sorry".We have enough Friends who leads us astraybut never enough who builds us Spiritually.We have enough Talents to score point over othersbut never enough to Serve one another.We have enough Achievements to fill ourselves with Self-Glorybut not enough to make us Holy.We have enough Time to attend all our Needsbut never enough to Seek God in Worship....God please help us to have enough but plenteous enough to 'Please You' in all the ways of our Life.- Santosh Thankachan
Dee Farrell, Warrior Heart|The weather in this land was quite unruly, and if you couldn't appreciate the many shades of gray, you had no business living in it. Alden Garrat Warrior Heart
Tamara L. Chilver|How do I find joy in my homeschool journey?The answer is quite simple. I accept lots of God's grace. Grace to make mistakes. Grace to take a nap when I am exhausted. Grace to not feel guilty. Without His abundant provision of grace, I would be depleted, discouraged, and dissatisfied. Instead, I place all my trust in His direction and I embrace my calling as a homeschool mom. His grace has set me free from worry, fear, doubt, and guilt and I am overflowing with joy. Praise God!
Dee Farrell, Warrior Heart|But now, here were the British among us, upon our soil where the sun rises over one lake and sets upon another.
Tamara L. Chilver|The Truth: Doing it all is a misconception the enemy wants mothers to believe. Learn how to fully embrace the beauty of each season of your life. It is a gift from God. God’s Word: Colossians 3:23-24-'Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for human masters, since you know that you will receive an inheritance from the Lord as a reward. It is the Lord Christ you are serving.' Take a deep breath busy mom. You are doing a great job!
Tamara L. Chilver|Every mom is busy, whether you have one child or more than one. You just learn how to manage your time differently as your family grows.
Tamara L. Chilver|For those of you who think that I have my life altogether, I definitely do not. Every season brings new challenges. For example, since I had my fifth child, I am notoriously 5-10 minutes late everywhere no matter how hard I try to be on time. I would like to say that I am "fashionably" late, but that isn't the truth either. Running in a mad dash in a parking lot (all holding hands of course) to make it somewhere 5 minutes late (instead of 6 minutes cause that makes a big difference) while one child is missing shoes and my hair is going in every direction. Yep, that is my family.
Tamara L. Chilver|... parents naturally want their children to excel in every area of academics and extra-curricular activities, but the reality is- God made each child differently for His purpose. He never intended for our children to excel in everything.
Tamara L. Chilver|Relax. Cultivate your children's capabilities. Maximize their strengths. Do not handicap their unique skills by spending too much time on making them average in everything. Help them create their own style, and appreciate your children for who God created them to be.
Tamara L. Chilver|curriculum companies provide more work than is needed. I never finished the complete curriculum when I taught in a classroom or at home. If your race is with your curriculum, learn to pick and choose what to use, and please do not attempt to cover it all or your race will be ongoing and you will be exhausted. Even races require pit stops to refuel.
Tamara L. Chilver|I LOVE homeschooling and want others who have been led to do it to love it, too.
Tamara L. Chilver|I want home educators to look beyond the lesson plans, curriculum, and grades to see the abundant blessings. My desire is for parents to enjoy the journey rather than focus on the destination.When you begin to embrace the journey- TRULY embrace the journey- the joy of homeschooling will be absolutely A.MA.ZING. You will begin to see the much larger picture and God's work in your homeschool day more than you ever have before.
Tamara L. Chilver|[Home educator] take time during the holidays to catch your breath and enjoy homeschooling in a new, refreshing way (and to learn the value of bookmarks like I did.☺)
Tamara L. Chilver|By fulfilling our divinely appointed jobs as parents, we can be God's tools that define and refine our children as they are sculpted into the individuals that He wants them to be.
TheFlamingPopsicle, Better Than Revenge|Are you kidding me? The last time I saw a face like yours, I fed it a banana.
Elizabeth George, The Remarkable Women of the Bible: And Their Message for Your Life Today|Beloved, there is no way to measure the continuing influence of one godly mother.
T.D. Jakes|Faith is your anchor and sustainer in the new season. Faith that the one who called us is faithful. Faith helps you see in the dark. And when you feel like you can't see, Faith steadies your heart to trust what you know. What is true.
Octavius Winslow|He has seen and felt how solemn a thing it was to approach the gate of death, to enter the presence of God; and from that awful point of vision, he has contemplated the world, and life, and human responsibility, as they are; and he has come back like a spirit from another sphere, clothed with all the solemnities of eternity; to live now as one soon in reality to be there.
William Stringfellow, Instead of Death: New and Expanded Edition|Too commonly sex does not have the dignity of a sacramental event because sex is thought to be the means of the search for self rather than the expression and communication of one who has already found himself, and is free from resort to sex in the frantic pursuit of his own identity.
Matthew Henry, Matthew Henry's Commentary on the Whole Bible|Events are not determined by the wheel of fortune, which is blind, but by the wheels of Providence, which are full of eyes
William Stringfellow, Instead of Death: New and Expanded Edition|This, too, is the Biblical description of work. In sin men lose their dominion over the creation which God gave them, and their relationship with this creation becomes toil. “Cursed is the ground because of you; in toil you shall eat of it all the days of your life; thorns and thistles it shall bring forth to you; and you shall eat the plants of the field. In the sweat of your face you shall eat bread till you return to the ground, for our of it you were taken; you are dust, and to dust you shall return.” (Gen. 3:17-19)Work represents the broken relationship between men and the rest of creation. Men, literally, work to death.The fallenness of work, the broken relationship between men and the rest of creation which work is, involves both the alienation of men from nature and from the rest of creation, including the principalities and powers. In work men lose their dominion over the principalities and are in bondage to the principalities. Instead of men ruling the great institutions – corporations, unions, and so on – men are ruled by the great institutions.
William Stringfellow|Biblical spirituality means powerlessness, living without embellishment or pretense, free to be faithful in the gospel, and free from anxiety about effectiveness or similar illusions of success.
William Stringfellow|Reckon your weakness as praise of God’s power, endure suffering in joy, risk your life on the veracity of Christ, count your loneliness a means of grace.
John Romanides|Just as God, above all, is free of every need and self-interest, the spiritual man who has the Spirit struggles and becomes perfected in the love according to Christ, love that is delivered of all need and self-interest.
Ikechukwu Joseph, The Complete Leader: Jesus Christ the Accomplished Perfect Total Leader|delays,closed doors are not setbacks but setups God uses to move you forward
William Stringfellow|That means, in turn, that this is an experience which shatters time and liberates people from the confinement of time by at once recalling all that has gone before and anticipating all that is to come.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|When God descends to us he, in a certain sense, abases himself and stammers with us, so He allows us to stammer with Him
William Stringfellow|Don't be afraid. There is no more to fear. Do not fear rejection. If you fear rejection by another you do not love the other, though you may profess it. You are only being anxious for his love of you. The free man does not seek the love of others, nor fear that his love will be rejected, for rejection - as is known from the night Christ was betrayed - does not destroy love, and it does not destroy the one who loves. Don't be afraid, you are not alone.
Stormie Omartian, Lord, I Want To Be Whole: The Power Of Prayer And Scripture In Emotional Healing|Freedom, wholeness, and true success can only be found when you are living a praying life. That means walking so close to God that He can keep you away from danger and guide you where you need to go
John Wesley|It was a common saying among the Christians in the primitive Church, "The soul and the body make a man; the spirit and discipline make a Christian;" implying, that none could be real Christians, without the help of Christian discipline. But if this be so, is it any wonder that we find so few Christians; for where is Christian discipline
Elie Wiesel, All Rivers Run to the Sea|What is the difference between Jew and Christians? We all await the Messiah. You believe He has already come and gone, while we do not. I therefore propose that we await Him together. And when He appears, we can ask Him: were You here before?
Ikechukwu Joseph, Insight for Fruitful Living: Bible Faith Nuggets Series - Book One|If you do not manage power, it will burn you.
David Lagercrantz, Fall of Man in Wilmslow|What had he said about machines?”Block was not entirely sure about that. Something about their eventually being able to think, something which the woman said was at odds with the Christian view of things, just like his sexual inclinations.
Edmund Lloyd Fletcher|If the Christian life seems boring,I suggest you may be DOING IT WRONG!
Søren Kierkegaard|It costs a man just as much or even more to go to hell than to come to heaven. Narrow, exceedingly narrow is the way to perdition!
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|There is no such thing as Christian work. That is, there is no work in the world which is, in and of itself, Christian. Christian work is any kind of work, from cleaning a sewer to preaching a sermon, that is done by a Christian and offered to God. This means that nobody is excluded from serving God. It means that no work is "beneath" a Christian. It means there is no job in the world that needs to be boring or useless. A Christian finds fulfilment not in the particular kind of work he does, but in the way in which he does it.
Anna M. Aquino|I remember my father, who had served in Vietnam, once talking to me about how real courage is when you're scared out of your mind but you do what you have to do anyway. I didn't feel very courageous at the moment. I felt like a small mouse in the mouth of a lion.
Katherine J. Walden, Dare to Call Him Friend|When it comes to giving thanks to God, there isn’t a card, a sentiment, a picture, or a word that can adequately express the gratitude in my heart. What can I say to the One who not only saved my life but who also adopted me into His family? How can I possibly express my thankfulness for His riches? How can I express my gratitude for His friendship and His healing touch? How does one find the words to thank Him for His unconditional love, unmerited favour, and forgiveness? Dictionaries and thesauruses can’t help me. All I can say is ‘Thank you, God’ with the hope that those humble words convey all that is in my heart.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|He may be a Christian by common profession; but, in a saving sense, no man is a Christian, in whose soul any thing hath a greater and higher interest than God the Father, and the Mediator (352).
James C. Campbell|Our United States "State religion" has become Secular Humanism which has no "separation from the State.
Anna M. Aquino|I feel as if I've gone past the lukewarm stage that Jesus talked about in the book of Revelations and am slowly dwindling on cold. Deep down I want to change, but I don't know how. I'm the pastor. I'm supposed to know how. I hide my frustration with an obsession for Ohio State football and hours at the I Sold It on eBay internet cafe around the corner from the church.
Anna M. Aquino|The couch and I were what I would describe as frenemies. I loved to hate it. It was too small for my frame. I had tried to tell my wife that fact when we bought it off of Craigslist, but she assured me that it went perfectly with our room decor and it was a good deal.
Anna M. Aquino|As far as not seeing your fruit is concerned, you know many people have this idea that things need to happen when you think they should and if they don't you get this idea that God isn't in it. The fruit you've seen isn't bad fruit. It's just green. It's not ready. I've heard you humans complain time and time again about God telling you to do something and then the frustration begins to set in. You are so busy checking your fruit every two days that you don't realize it's just not ripe yet.
Dr. Lonnie Rex|In the life of a Christian, there are no accidents, only Divine appointments.
Gail Davis|If your repentance and God's forgiveness of your sin does not lead to total surrender to God, you should wonder if you truly repented.
C.S. Lewis|To shrink back from all that can be called Nature into negative spirituality is as if we ran away from horses instead of learning to ride. There is in our present pilgrim condition plenty of room (more room than most of us like) for abstinence and renunciation and mortifying our natural desires. But behind all asceticism the thought should be, ‘Who will trust us with the true wealth if we cannot be trusted even with the wealth that perishes?’ Who will trust me with a spiritual body if I cannot control even an earthly body? These small and perishable bodies we now have were given to us as ponies are given to schoolboys. We must learn to manage: not that we may some day be free of horses altogether but that some day we may ride bare-back, confident and rejoicing, those greater mounts, those winged, shining and world- shaking horses which perhaps even now expect us with impatience, pawing and snorting in the King’s stables. Not that the gallop would be of any value unless it were a gallop with the King; but how else— since He has retained His own charger—should we accompany Him?
Gary A. Haugen, Good News About Injustice: A Witness of Courage in a Hurting World|If people have no respect for God, no love for their Maker, I would ask the question another way: Why not pillage, rape, persecute and murder? If it feels good, and they can get away with it, why not? If God is dead or does not exist, as these people believe, why are not all things permitted? Why should they restrain themselves? Because it’s just wrong? Because it’s not the way civilized people behave? Because what goes around comes around? Because they’ll end up feeling terrible inside?Within tidy circles of properly socialized and reasonable people, such appeals can seem like they actually have the power to restrain people from doing what they otherwise feel like doing. But in the real world outside the philosophy seminar room, oppressors frankly don’t care that you think it’s just wrong. Who are you, they ask, to foist your random moral intuition on them? Who are you to tell them or the lords of the Third Reich what civilized people should and should not do? If what goes around tends to come around, then there’s no moral problem, only a practical problem of making sure it doesn’t come around to you. They think, Fine, if being brutal makes you feel terrible inside, then don’t do it. But it makes me feel powerful, alive, exhilarated and masterful, so quit whining — unless you want to try to stop me.This description of a dark Nietzschean world of self-will — a vacuum devoid of moral authority or spiritual resources for good — used to sen excessively melodramatic to me. But then I got out more. The world is truly full of brutal oppression because humans have rejected their Maker, the source of all goodness, mercy, compassion, truth, justice, and love.
Criss Jami|I'm not a political Christian; for the most part I allow people even their vain, earthly rights. And I certainly don't see anti-Christians as bad or evil (as if they actually have the power to pose any kind of threat against God Almighty), but rather complete idiots I was commanded to love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Giving, goodness and generosity expresses love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My passionate adventure is to fulfill my calling; reverend, preacher woman.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We must stop relying on our human strength, instead seek grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My passionate adventure is to fulfill my calling; revered, preacher woman.
Thomas Watson|We should pray that God would enrich his ordinance with his presence; that he would make the sacrament effectual to all those holy ends and purposes for which he hath appointed it; that it may be the feast of our graces, and the funeral of our corruptions; that it may not only be a sign to represent, but an instrument to convey, Christ to us, and a seal to assure us of our heavenly jointure [union].
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Great Commission is a devotion to study of Scriptures, preaching and teaching of the gospel of salvation.
Jody Hedlund, A Daring Sacrifice|If only I'd realized earlier that it never pays to fight evil with evil. But after watching my father die, I'd been consumed with bitterness and had allowed it to lead me astray from what was righteous and pleasing to God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe, you will begin to see signs and wonders.
Witness Lee, The Heavenly Ministry of Christ|The priesthood of Christ is “not according to the law of a fleshy commandment, but according to the power of an indestructible life” (Heb. 7:16). Aaron was constituted high priest according to the powerless letter of the law, but Christ according to the powerful element of an indestructible life. Our High Priest is constituted of a life which nothing can conquer, but which rather conquers everything! It is a life which cannot be destroyed. A life which saves to the uttermost. The endless, eternal, divine, uncreated life. The resurrection life which has passed the test of death and Hades.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Anyone who thinks traditional and modern interpretations of demons are frightening had better remember that real angels inspired awe because they were so ghastly. How we usually think of angel is all due to Renaissance painters trying to sex up the concept. Most Christians, if they saw an angel in the flesh, would go run for their guns.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Usually, fundamentalists, be they Christian, Muslim, or any faith, shape and interpret religious thought to make it conform to and legitimize a conservative status quo. Fundamentalist thinkers use religion to justify supporting imperialism, militarism, sexism, racism, homophobia. They deny the unifying message of love that is at the heart of every major religious tradition.
Andrea Tornielli, El nombre de Dios es Misericordia|God awaits us with open arms; we need only to take a step toward him like the Prodigal Son. But if, weak as we are, we don't have the strength to take that step, just the desire to take it is enough.
Rohinton Mistry, Such a Long Journey|The pavement artist thought for a bit, then agreed. 'I can start tomorrow morning.''Good, good. But one question. Will you be able to draw enough to cover 300 feet? I mean, do you know enough different gods to fill the whole wall?'The artist smiled. 'There is no difficulty. I can cover 300 miles if necessary. Using assorted religions and their gods, saints, and prophets. Hindu, Sikh, Judaic, Christian, Muslim, Zoroastrian, Buddhist, Jainist. Actually, Hinduism alone can produce enough. But I always like to mix them up, include a variety in my drawings. Makes me feel I am doing something to promote tolerance and understanding in the world.
Nicholas Wiseman|How like God's love yours has been to me- so wise, so generous, and so unsparing!" exclaimed Pancratius. "Promise me one thing more- that is, that you will stay near to me to the end, and carry my last legacy to my mother.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Abide in the vine, you will bear much fruits.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Perfect God, Prince of Peace.
Mary Tornyenyor|Seriously brethren, Judas is not in the nightclubs and pool bar right now. He is in the churches. Singing hymns and praying. gentleman indeed. Closest to Believers but the only thing is he wont go on to receive the Holy Ghost. This is a ‪‎healthy‬ ‪information‬ for me because then i will be careful not to be watching and comparing myself with others but instead check myself with the Word.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Without a regular pay for two years, I appreciate the timeless provisions of God.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible does not teach that sin is completely eradicated from the Christian in this life, but it does teach that sin shall no longer reign over you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When the Christian or the church becomes popular with the unbelieving world, something is seriously wrong. Because Christ runs counter to evil and because we are Christ-owned, we must also stand against evil.
C.F.W. Walther, Law & Gospel: How to Read and Apply the Bible: A Reader's Edition|Every religion contains portions of the law. In fact, some unbelievers, by their knowledge of the law, have advanced so far that they realize that their souls need to be cleansed, that their thoughts and desires need to be purified. But only in the Christian religion will you find the Gospel. Other religions do not contain even a speck of it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The body is a temple, where God dwells.
Abby Morel|You only live once, but can be born twice. Then, you can live forever.
T.S. Eliot, Murder in the Cathedral|A christian martyrdom is never an accident, for Saints are not made by accident.
Chris Marvel, Love Laws "Rules of Love and Relationship in the 21st Century|You have soul ties with the people you sleep with and even when you are no longer in bed with them, they remain in your head. Your thoughts are consumed by their absence in your life. We feel disconnected from something when we give away our most prized bodily asset to a person that can’t even spell our last name correctly
Chris Damian|How can I use these [romantic] desires to love him, to serve him as a brother in Christ...
Mary Kate|Finding who you are means losing yourself, and letting the Creator put you back together!
Mary Kate|When you get lost in the flow of life, find yourself in the fortress of God!
Mary Kate|God has the flashlight, let Him LIGHT the way!
Mary Kate|If you look inside, that which is said to be 'hard to find;' you may find that it was plainer to see than ever dreamed!!
Andrew Murray|What is the reason that many thousands of Christian workers in the world have not a greater influence? Nothing save this—the prayerlessness of their service. In the midst of all their zeal in the study and in the work of the Church, of all their faithfulness in preaching and conversation with the people, they lack that ceaseless prayer which has attached to it the sure promise of the Spirit and the power from on high. It is nothing but the sin of prayerlessness which is the cause of the lack of a powerful spiritual life!
Ellen G. White|A Christian reveals true humility by showing the gentleness of Christ, by being always ready to help others, by speaking kind words and performing unselfish acts, which elevate and ennoble the most sacred message that has come to the world.
Pope Benedict XVI, The Spirit of the Liturgy|Jesus assumes, as it were, the fall of man, lets himself into man's fallenness, prays to the Father out of the lowest depths of human dereliction and anguish. He lays his will in the will of the Father's: "Not my will but yours be done." He lays the human will in the divine. He takes up all the hesitation of the human will and endures it. It is this very conforming of the human will to the divine that is the heart of redemption.
Pope Benedict XVI, The Spirit of the Liturgy|We throw ourselves down, as Jesus did, before the mystery of God's power present to us, knowing that the Cross is the true burning bush, the place of the flame of God's love, which burns but does not destroy.
Hector Perez|Your healing begins with a step of faith in the Great Physician, Jesus Christ.
N.T. Wright|If, therefore, those called to office and leadership roles in the church remain content merely to organize and manage the internal affairs of the church, they are leaving a vacuum exactly where there ought to be vibrant, pulsating life. Of course Christian leaders need to be trained and equipped for management, for running of the organization. The church will not thrive by performing in a bumbling, amateur fashion and hoping that piety and goodwill will make up for incompetence. But how much more should a Christian minister be a serious professional when it comes to grappling with scripture and discovering how it enables him or her, in preaching, teaching, prayer, and pastoral work, to engage with the huge issues that confront us as a society and as individuals. If we are professional about other things, we ought to be ashamed not to be properly equipped both to study the Bible ouselves and to bring its ever-fresh word to others.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Father, I trust in you!
Stephanie May Wilson, The Lipstick Gospel|Life with God is wilder than the wildest roller coaster ride, and safer than your childhood bedroom. It's more thrilling than the greatest adventure, and more delicious than an Italian cappuccino--if you can even believe it.
Benjamin Franklin|How grossly are they mistaken in imagining slavery to be disallowed by the Alcoran! Are not the two precepts, to quote no more, Masters treat your slaves with kindness: Slaves serve your masters with cheerfulness and fidelity, clear proofs to the contrary? Nor can the plundering of infidels be in that sacred book forbidden, since it is well known from it, that God has given the world and all that it contains to his faithful Mussulmen, who are to enjoy it of right as fast as they can conquer it. Let us then hear no more of this detestable proposition, the manumission of christian slaves, the adoption of which would, by depreciating our lands and houses, and thereby depriving so many good citizens of their properties, create universal discontent, and provoke insurrections, to the endangering of government, and producing general confusion.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Ask the Creator to direct your thoughts, decisions and actions.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every great dream, meet an opposing views.The certainty within our spirit made the dream reality.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Read, mediate and speak the word of God into your mind, soul and spirit.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You ought to read, mediate and affirm the living word of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It is only kindness and love, which can change the human heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When life comes to an end, we will take nothing with us.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The sacred time exist in days, weeks, months, seasons and years.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With every divine encounter, we receive new grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I only need to survive on tea, bread and fruits. I can keep working.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Freedom is free from fears, choice of faith.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Endless faith,Infinite hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As we receive, we give.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more we give, the more we are blessed to keep giving.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We breathe, exist and move in the Lord.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God never fails. No matter how long it takes, the promise will be fulfilled.
Cynthia Hand, Hallowed|So what's the big emergency?" Jeffrey says. He jogs down the aisle of the Pink Garter toward where Christian and I are sitting, waiting for Angela, who uncharacteristically late. "I thought we weren't going to meet this week because we like, you know, spent all weekend together. I'm kind of sick of you people.""Glad to see that you decided to grace us with your presence, anyway," Christian says.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|O Lord, thy will be done in my life as it is written in Heaven in Jesus Name. Amen.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In any situation, I ask “What can I do for myself”.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Our God is a great God. Indeed, He is the God of wonders.
Mary Tornyenyor|Since when did Christians started fearing ghost, witches and wizards, demons, sicknesses and Death ? Don't you get it? these things are far below you. What did Jesus die for ? ALL THINGS WORK TOGETHER FOR YOUR GOOD
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Rich or poor, the same breath of life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great faith, Great confidence.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great faith, great hope and great courage.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When we have graciously endured every adversity, we become like a shining diamond.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Almighty Saviour, thank you for the gift of the moment.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It does not matter how long it takes to reach the goal. With persistent focus, commitment and enthusiasm, you will make it a reality.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without an anchor, we can be drifted to any shore.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|New life, new hopes.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God speak to us through dreams, prayer and reading of Holy Bible.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You will find love, when you surrender yourself to love.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Love the Creator with all your heart, all your soul and all your mind.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do not let your hearts be overwhelmed by adversity. May you have the strength, hope and courage to overcome the situation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You will seek Creator, you find Him.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without darkness, how could we have appreciated the light?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Life is a sacred journey, which you have to, travel on your own.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the dark time, a light is shine by a divine force.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you know the value of prayer, you will pray every second.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We ought to love, encourage and support each other.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I trust in God. He is my provider, refuge, and shelter.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every time you think of me, say a prayer for me.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Parent must set an example to their children in love, in deeds and in conduct.
Leinad Eibam, Published Poet|The greater the pain, the greater the fun.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God has given every man, 120 years of life on earth. It yours to possess.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God has given every man, 120 years of life on earth. It is yours to possess.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May my children, fear, know and walk with God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May you find the greatest strength, the divine force.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May God grant you more grace, strength and wisdom.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The spirit of divinity lives in you. The power is unlock by faith, hope and courage.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|At dawn of light, all darkness disappears.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Alone in the dark, a great light illuminated my path.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I have hope, therefore, I am happy
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Peace and gladness in every home is a peace for the society, nation and the world.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Let go of your all fears, be strong.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Let go of all your worries, embrace hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May God defend, protect, provide and redeem you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I mediate on God’s word, therefore, I have hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Where there is life, hope prevails.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you have life, you have everything.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Lost in the darkness, a light has shine on us.
Deborah Brodie|Count the cost of everything.Rather than asking someone, "How much does this cost?" Ask yourself, "What is my value?
Deborah Brodie, The Path That Gets Brighter: A Devotional to Instruct, Illustrate, and Encourage Kingdom Principles|Not understanding something must not turn us away from God, his ways, or purposes; rather it must be an opportunity to turn our measure of faith into a sacrifice of trust.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have enough to share with the world; the gift of love, kindness, goodness, smiles, hugs, prayer, inspiration, fellowship, volunteerism and many more.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the wilderness, God performs His mighty miracles.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you find a need, reach out to help.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you believe, incredible things happen. You set divine forces into motion.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Glory to God, He has done marvellous deeds.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Divinity dwells in thee. To activate the power, you must connect with the spirit daily.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Embrace faith, hope and love.
Helo Matzelle, Halo Found Hope|God, why do You love me?"BECAUSE I AM LOVE."God, when do You love me?"ALWAYS."How do You love me?"WITH GRACE, PATIENCE, AND FORGIVENESS."God, am I good enough for You?"MY PRECIOUS CHILD, YOU DON'T NEED TO BE."Why?"BECAUSE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH THAT I GAVE MY ONLY SON, AND HE TOOK UPON HIS SHOULDERS THE AFFLICTIONS AND SINS OF THIS WORLD."God, when will I get to see You?"AFTER YOU CHOOSE TO BELIEVE IN ME."Then I will know You here, and in Heaven?"YES, THEN YOU WILL KNOW ME HERE, AND IN HEAVEN."I love you, God."He always replies, I LOVED YOU YESTERDAY,I LOVE YOU TODAY,AND I WILL LOVE YOU TOMORROW.~ excerpt from "Halo Found Hope" Chapter 21, HOPE FOUND
Criss Jami, Healology|Christ didn't join in. He saw which direction the rocks were being thrown, and became a shield.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|New day, new grace and new hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|And if I have the gift of prophesy, all-wisdom and great faith but without love, I am nothing.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A daring faith, a willing spirit.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you arrive at the destination, never forget where the journey began.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|To every difficulty, God’s grace abounds.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be happy, be joyful.
Isabel Ruiz Lucero|We feel like acting like a Christian, following the steps of Christ, is much more important than following a doctrine.
Jonathan Galassi, Muse|Don’t give me that Christian forgiveness bullshit, Dukach. I’m a vindictive Jew!” he’d bellow.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Keep trusting God, He will give you what you need
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May God give you inner peace, joy and happiness.
Cornel West, Democracy Matters: Winning the Fight Against Imperialism|To be a Christian - a follower of Jesus Christ - is to love wisdom, love justice, and love freedom.
Teresa Santoski, Prayers for Oppa: From K-Pop to J-Pop, a Devotional for Performers & Their Fans|When we feel too drained to move forward, God is right there with us, ready to tenderly revive and restore us.
Teresa Santoski, Prayers for Oppa: From K-Pop to J-Pop, a Devotional for Performers & Their Fans|Prayer, in essence, is conversation with God. You can talk to Him about anything and everything - He loves to hear from His children. Praise Him for His incredible love, tell Him why you love your favorite song, ask Him for help with problems at home, work or school and thank Him for His responses.
Teresa Santoski, Prayers for Oppa: From K-Pop to J-Pop, a Devotional for Performers & Their Fans|God is lovingly guiding our lives, and we can be confident of His authority over any situation we may face. He never allows anything to happen without a reason.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|What God has written for your life, no human being can alter it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|To God be the glory, great things He has done and greater things He will do.
Sara Lowe, Healing, Finding Truth Among the Mysteries|He must have lit up the sky that day on the mountain, what we call the transfiguration.Jesus on the mountaintop unveiled a foretaste of heaven and glory. Light filled him so that the witnesses remarked on a hue of white that was whiter than any shade possible.It was a sci-fi transportation to another dimension and while Peter and John were still reeling, Moses and Elijah showed up. It broke the barrier between heaven and earth for Jesus was the one who could belong to both at the same time. A citizen of heaven, a citizen of earth.
Carlene Bauer|My pastor mentioned Kierkegaard in a sermon only once, and it would be a long time before I discovered that there was a storied Christian who suffered from, and so in some way sanctioned, depression, rage, sarcasm, and despair - the diseases that took hold in adolescence, for which church offered no cure.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|This is what the LORD requires of every man; to do justice, to love mercy and to humbly work with God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|How wide, how long, how deep is the love that Saviour extends to all humanity!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Worry less, pray more.
Lee Strobel, The Case for a Creator: A Journalist Investigates Scientific Evidence That Points Toward God|If it's true there's a beginning to the universe, as modern cosmologists now agree, then this implies a cause that transcends the universe. If the laws of physics are fine-tuned to permit life, as contemporary physicists are discovering, then perhaps there's a designer who fine-tuned them. If there's information in the cell, as molecular biology shows, then this suggests intelligent design. To get life going in the first place would have required biological information; the implications point beyond the material realm to a prior intelligent cause. -Stephen C Meyer, PHD
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Wherever you are, you have to be joyfully alive.
Paul the Apostle|Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. —GALATIANS 6: 7
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The more you give, the more you have much to keep giving.
Watchman Nee, God is Willing|[Jesus] said, “Those who are strong have no need of a physician, but those who are ill.…For I did not come to call the righteous, but sinners” (Matt. 9:10-13). Jesus opened up God’s heart to men.
Watchman Nee|God’s Word tells us that God has spoken of old in many portions and in many ways through His servants concerning His heart’s desire and that He loves us. But man did not understand. Therefore, God had to personally come to this world and become a man. This man is Jesus, the Christ, whom we know.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The three great pillars of life; hope, faith and love. The greatest is love.
Santosh Thankachan|The most valuable treasure God has entrusted a shepherd with, is his sheep. No sheep is perfect but if shepherd despises them or adopts a scornful outlook for them then he has already began his downward plunge into faith which if He does not repent instantly, may eventually find himself warring against God himself who is our Good Shepherd.
Greg   Nichols, Hungry Nation|A nation that is hungry for God will not go hungry." Duffy French, book character
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Positive thoughts revive the spirit, restore the soul and make the body healthy.
Sunday Adelaja|If a person wants to be a true Christian, then he will endeavor to know Jesus and press towards being like Him in all things in order to reveal Him to the world.
Melyssa Winchester, The Space In Between|Something tells me that you sneak bars up to your room a lot. In fact, you probably have a whole little shoebox dedicated to them.”“Wrong.”“I don’t think I am. Tell the truth, Emery. Do you hoard chocolate bars?”“Eww! Hoarding makes it sound gross. It’s not like I collect them or anything. I just keep a few on hand when the craving hits.”“And how often is that?”He’s pushing me. It’s evident by the grin on his face, but there’s something about the way his eyes are lighting up, the first time they’ve done it since he got here today, that makes me wanna answer him just to keep it going. I like the way he is right now. It’s much better than the tense and angry way he was before. “Every single day.” I admit and along with the smile comes a thick rumble of laughter. “So, you admit you have a problem. That’s the first step. Now that you’ve admitted it, I can properly treat you.”“And how do you plan on doing that?”“You solemnly swear never to take home and hide another chocolate bar, and I’ll make sure that every day, you have your daily dose of it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be thankful that you have clothes to wear, food to eat and a place to sleep.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|As long as you call on God, He will answer you.
Anonymous|A person plans his course, but the Lord directs his steps.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The mind is a magnetic field. When it a attract good thoughts, it will produce good deeds.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Day by day, there exists the possibility for the dream to come true.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Everyday life, everyday miracle.
J. Budziszewski, What We Can't Not Know: A Guide|Christian faith undercuts the urge to fix everything on our own, through conviction of the final helplessness of man and confidence in the providence of God--through certainty that only God can set everything to rights, and faith that in the end, He will. Man can only ameliorate, not cure.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Never waste your energy to dwell on the past failures and mistakes.May you find renewed energy, courage and hope to pursue new adventures.
Jen Turano|Since I don't know what execrable means, I though I should look it up so I'll be better equipped to deal with whatever I'm about to see." Ignoring the ladies' tottering Millie continued perusing the pages until she found the word she was looking for. Lifting her head after she read the definition, she glanced around. "Begging your pardon Mrs. Cutling, but I don't see anything out here of a wretched or"- she returned her attention to the dictionary- "abominable nature. Although" -she flipped the pages to the A's -" I don't know what that means either.
Jen Turano, In Good Company| Since I don't know what execrable means, I though I should look it up so I'll be better equipped to deal with whatever I'm about to see." Ignoring the ladies' tottering Millie continued perusing the pages until she found the word she was looking for. Lifting her head after she read the definition, she glanced around. "Begging your pardon Mrs. Cutling, but I don't see anything out here of a wretched or"- she returned her attention to the dictionary- "abominable nature. Although" -she flipped the pages to the A's -" I don't know what that means either.
Santosh Thankachan|Every 'Born again' Christian is already called to be a Minister of God (By Commission, Matthew 28:19) and a Royal Priest (By Calling, 1 Peter 2:9).The only thing left now for us Christians to achieve in this small life is, To become A Compassionate individual (1 Peter 3:8), An Effective Disciple (John 8:31,32) and A Better Christian (Philippians 1:9-11).
Emma Mildon, The Soul Searcher's Handbook: A Modern Girl's Guide to the New Age World|I believe in kindness and karma—which could make me a Buddhist. I believe in mystic healing and crystals’ powers—which could make me a witch. I believe in truth, honor, and forgiveness—which could make me a Christian. I even believe in the existence of past lives and that each and every one of us is watched over by guides from the other side—which, to some, would make me totally woo-woo squared.
Frederick Buechner, Wishful Thinking: A Theological ABC|More than the painting you see or the music you hear, the words you read become in the very act of reading them part of who you are, especially if they are the words of exceptionally promising writers. If there is poison in the words, you are poisoned; if there is nourishment, you are nourished; if there is beauty, you are made a little more beautiful. In Hebrew, the word dabar means both word and also deed. A word doesn’t merely say something, it does something. It brings something into being.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the midst of the turbulence, lift up your voice and praise God. He will fight the battle for you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I love today, it is a sacred time.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Live simply, share your wealth with others.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God is our great helper,shelter, provider and protector.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A spark of divinity ignited a flame of fire within our spirit, our soul and our hearts.
Jody Hedlund, Hearts Made Whole|God wanted him to go to Him with his deepest needs, to stop looking elsewhere, so that he could be made whole again.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Father, I know you will hear me, I will speak.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Heavenly Father, I will always call on you, I know you will answer.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We belong to Jesus Christ, our Lord and Saviour.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A living faith, a glorious hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We are members of God’s family. One faith, one hope and one baptism.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God‘s love for mankind; wide, long, high and deep.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|By God’s grace and mighty power, we can do great deeds.
Michael Richard Stosic|Lord if this would be the right thing for Joannie and I, that I would see a bald eagle right here as confirmation from you that this will be a good thing for us.
Michael Richard Stosic, Thirty-Nine Days|My spiritual journey really started when I was a sophomore in High School. I came home from basketball practice one rainy evening and a friend of the family was waiting in the living room for me. He said he just wanted to talk to me for a minute or two. We went down stairs and he posed this question to me; “Michael, If you were to die tonight and to stand before God, why should He let you into heaven?
Willowy Whisper|Why do I keep losing, Harvey? Don't tell me God's trying to make me a better person. Don't tell me all of this is so I can be stronger. Because I'm not stronger, Harv. I'm weak. I keep getting weaker and weaker, and I keep praying and praying...' He paused and swallowed, Adam's apple bobbing in his throat. 'Why won't God answer me?'	Harvey's eyes were careful, empathetic, as if he were choosing his words thoughtfully. Finally, he said quietly, 'God has answered you, Brock. Every time. It's not always how we want, but He always hears us and He always cares.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|What defines our world; believes, thoughts, dreams, decisions, choices and actions.
Willowy Whisper|I close my eyes, gripping the empty clothes closer to me, shaking my head against the truth.  I try to block out the words...  Try to stop them... But they come, nonetheless, until finally I just stand here—not running, not even trying to escape. “You my dear, will suffer seven years of tribulation. You will be left behind...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|One Lord, one faith and one baptism.
Maria Gregory|You can't do it alone. Two things joined to a third thing are joined to each other. A is united to B and C is united to B. Therefore, A and C are united.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The courage to dream, the courage to act.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you have life and good health, you have the greatest blessings.
B.G. Lavastida Los Pinos Nuevos|There are three paradoxes of the Christian life: You must give in order to receive, you must let go in order to possess, and you must die in order to live.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Living by faith, living by hope.
Nancy N. Rue|My hair is not the shiniest of bobsMy eyes are not the brightest in the roomMy figure will not get me modeling jobsMy smile will not bring young boys to their doom.But do I cry and mourn my average face?Or wish that I had boyfriends at the ready?Do I not sleep because I lose the race,Or spurn my food because I don't go steady?My mind is on a more important thingThat lifts my heart and makes my spirit soarI want to make the souls of people singAnd quiet down the mean and bullying roar.To help the wounded girls replace the scarWith the right to be exactly who they are.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|If we would answer the question of the existence of the Evil then we would not be sinners, we could make something else responsible.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Though we faced many trails, we do not lose hope. We are living by faith.
Beth Wiseman, An Amish Garden|Sometimes what matters in not what you go looking for, but rather what you find when you're not looking.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more you read the Bible, the more transform your life will be.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you observe nature daily, it brings harmony with you and God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the race of life, what matters is to complete your race.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Bible, sacred writings.
Amy E. Tobin, Still, Love Remains: God's Crimson Threads of Grace|God created every heart, every person for relationship.
Richard L. Mabry, Fatal Trauma|If God doesn't use people who've failed, who's left for Him to use?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greater the need, the greater the quest for God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Two great prayers;Yahweh, grant me grace for my daily activities.Yahweh, protect me from all evil, so that my life will be free of pain in Jesus name. Amen!
Elder Paisios of the Holy Mountain|The person who has trust in divine justice is neither upset when treated unfairly, nor seeks his justice; on the contrary, he accepts the false accusations as if they were true, and does not try to convince others that he has been slandered; instead he asks to be forgiven...
Francis de Sales, Introduction to the Devout Life|Even as a man just recovering from illness walks only so far as he is obliged to go, with a slow and weary step, so the converted sinner journeys along as far as God commands him but slowly and wearily, until he attains a spirit of true devotion, and then, like a sound man, he not only gets along, but he runs and leaps in the way of God's Commands, and hastens gladly along the paths of heavenly counsels and inspirations.
G.K. Chesterton|The moment we care for anything deeply, the world - that is, all the other miscellaneous interests - becomes our enemy. Christians showed it when they talked of keeping one's self "unspotted from the world;" but lovers talk of it just as much when they talk of the "world well lost." Astronomically speaking, I understand that England is situated on the world; similarly, I suppose that the Church was a part of the world, and even the lovers inhabitants of that orb. But they all felt a certain truth - the truth that the moment you love anything the world becomes your foe.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Trust God, He will care for your every need.
Bible Verses|How beautiful on the mountains are the feet of those who bring good news, who proclaim peace, who bring good tidings, who proclaim salvation, who say to Zion, "Your God reigns!"Isaiah 52:7
Janette Oke|I'm not saying that suffering is our fault. I believe we suffer because sin has taken hold of the world. And with sin comes selfishness and heartlessness and wickedness. But I also think there will be a day of reckoning, Nick, when God lays out all we've done and judges our actions. That's not as popular to talk about anymore, I suppose. We all like to hear about a God who loves and forgives rewards. But He isn't holy and just if He doesn't deal with all those wrongs. I would never want to stand before God without having done everything in my power to extend His mercy to the people around me whenever I could.
Dee Henderson, Taken|My faith survived because I realized God didn't want this for us, He never had. I'm passionately looking forward to a new Heaven and Earth where only good exists once more.
Tim Crawshaw, So, You Want to Be Rich... But Jesus Doesn't.|The unconditional love that God gives us when we are in relationship with him frees us and sustains us; we no longer feel the need to prove ourselves according to worldly standards, we are fine just the way we are.
Dee Henderson|God is good, and I love Him. Right now, God is permitting a very hard thing. Why, I don't know, but I still trust Him.
Rebecca K. Lilley, Breathing Fire|Far be it from me to slow down two badass supermodels on a mission, but we have a problem," a male voice said wryly.I could see Christian out of the corner of my eye as we turned, his stance and movements almost synchronized to my own. We shared a look, our expressions almost identically similar, with arched brows and half-smiles."What's the problem?" I called out, scanning the faces to see who had spoken."You're a badass supermodel," Christian muttered under his breath at the same time, taking the mature approach, as usual.
Elizabeth George, Understanding Your Blessings in Christ: Ephesians|Each Christian comes from a different background, upbringing, lineage, and environment. But in Christ we are unified.
Vannetta Chapman, Murder Freshly Baked|If you think you've seen it all, put on your sunglasses, because you're about to be surprised.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|As a Christian, you are not here to change the world; you are here to save the world. Jesus came to save the world.
Elizabeth George, Finding God's Path Through Your Trials: His Help for Every Difficulty You Face|As you abide in Christ, you will have strength for today’s trials as well as for all tomorrow’s challenges.
Elizabeth George|YOU might be limited by a life situation, but GOD is never hampered. Praise Him!
Jennifer Allwood, Covering Your Business in Prayer|Help me, Lord, in times when I am uninspired to see things differently.
Jennifer Allwood, Covering Your Business in Prayer|Remind me, Lord, of why I create things and that YOU ... you are the best of artists, put these gifts in me to share with the world.
Edith E. Searell|A mighty fortress is our God, and in Him we are safe for time and for eternity. Shall we murmur if we have less of time than we expected? The less of time, the more of heaven. The briefer life, earlier mortality.
Martine Roddigase|All the blogs Christian,Military, Christian,Military, Operations Christians,Christ,Jesus,God,Prophecy and Ministry around the world.Warriors following Christ.
Elizabeth George, Embracing God's Grace: Colossians/Philemon|Prayer is a mighty ministry that any believer can have—anywhere, anytime, and in any circumstance.
Jennifer Allwood, Covering Your Business in Prayer|Lord, I pray that you will let my talent bring JOY and BEAUTY to a world that sometimes is dark and discouraging.
Diane Goold, Diane's Daily Devotions: A Daily Scripture Study with Devotional Development|When your heart is heavy and your spirit in distress,Reach out your arms to Jesus, and sense his sweet caress.He answers when we call him, our every prayer he hears,Reach out your arms to Jesus, for he is always near.
Jim Butcher|When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching -- they are your family. 
Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance|After a good dinner one can forgive anybody, even one's own relations.
Rick Riordan|My dear young cousin, if there's one thing I've learned over the eons, it's that you can't give up on your family, no matter how tempting they make it.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Hermes gazed up at the stars. 'My dear young cousin, if there's one thing I've learned over the eons, it's that you can't give up on your family, no matter how tempting they make it. It doesn't matter if they hate you, or embarrass you, or simply don't appreciate your genius for inventing the Internet--
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Abe held my gaze a bit longer and then broke into an easy smile. ʺOf course, of course. This is a family gathering. A celebration. And look: hereʹs our newest member.ʺ Dimitri had joined us and wore black and white like my mother and me. He stood beside me, conspicuously not touching. ʺMr. Mazur,ʺ he said formally, nodding a greeting to both of them. ʺGuardian Hathaway.ʺ Dimitri was seven years older than me, but right then, facing my parents, he looked like he was sixteen and about to pick me up for a date. ʺAh, Belikov,ʺ said Abe, shaking Dimitriʹs hand. ʺIʹd been hoping weʹd run into each other. Iʹd really like to get to know you better. Maybe we can set aside some time to talk, learn more about life, love, et cetera. Do you like to hunt? You seem like a hunting man. Thatʹs what we should do sometime. I know a great spot in the woods. Far, far away. We could make a day of it. Iʹve certainly got a lot of questions Iʹd like to ask you. A lot of things Iʹd like to tell you too.ʺ I shot a panicked look at my mother, silently begging her to stop this. Abe had spent a good deal of time talking to Adrian when we dated, explaining in vivid and gruesome detail exactly how Abe expected his daughter to be treated. I did not want Abe taking Dimitri off alone into the wilderness, especially if firearms were involved. ʺActually,ʺ said my mom casually. ʺIʹd like to come along. I also have a number of questions—especially about when you two were back at St. Vladimirʹs.ʺ ʺDonʹt you guys have somewhere to be?ʺ I asked hastily. ʺWeʹre about to start.ʺ That, at least, was true. Nearly everyone was in formation, and the crowd was quieting. ʺOf course,ʺ said Abe. To my astonishment, he brushed a kiss over my forehead before stepping away. ʺIʹm glad youʹre back.ʺ Then, with a wink, he said to Dimitri: ʺLooking forward to our chat.ʺ ʺRun,ʺ I said when they were gone. ʺIf you slip out now, maybe they wonʹt notice. Go back to Sib
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society|You must remember, family is often born of blood, but it doesn't depend on blood. Nor is it exclusive of friendship. Family members can be your best friends, you know. And best friends, whether or not they are related to you, can be your family.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life. Rarely do members of one family grow up under the same roof.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Nothing like watching your relatives fight, I always say.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Fate|Home is people. Not a place. If you go back there after the people are gone, then all you can see is what is not there any more.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|I also believe that parents, if they love you, will hold you up safely, above their swirling waters, and sometimes that means you'll never know what they endured, and you may treat them unkindly, in a way you otherwise wouldn't.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes|A dog reflects the family life. Whoever saw a frisky dog in a gloomy family, or a sad dog in a happy one? Snarling people have snarling dogs, dangerous people have dangerous ones.
Frederick Buechner|You can kiss your family and friends good-bye and put miles between you, but at the same time you carry them with you in your heart, your mind, your stomach, because you do not just live in a world but a world lives in you.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|Family isn’t something that’s supposed to be static, or set. People marry in, divorce out. They’re born, they die. It’s always evolving, turning into something else.
Mother Teresa|Let us make one point, that we meet each other with a smile, when it is difficult to smile. Smile at each other, make time for each other in your family.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|Home isn't where you're from, it's where you find light when all grows dark.
Andrea Lavinthal, Your So-Called Life: A Guide to Boys, Body Issues, and Other Big-Girl Drama You Thought You Would Have Figured Out by Now|Unfortunately, some family members are so psychotic that no matter how hard you try to forge a healthy relationship, nothing will help. Now that you're an adult, take refuge in the fact that some things are beyond your control. You owe it to yourself to steer clear of people who are harmful to your health.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|This was the trouble with families. Like invidious doctors, they knew just where it hurt.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Certain motherfuckers think they can fuck with my shit, but you can't kill the Rooster. You might can fuck him up some times, but, bitch, nobody kills the motherfucking Rooster. You know what I'm saying?
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|You cannot say 'no' to the people you love, not often. That's the secret. And then when you do, it has to sound like a 'yes'. Or you have to make them say 'no.' You have to take time and trouble.
Robert Munsch, Love You Forever|I'll love you forever,I'll like you for always, As long as I'm living, my baby you'll be.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|You may be as different as the sun and the moon, but the same blood flows through both your hearts. You need her, as she needs you...
Whitney Otto, How to Make an American Quilt|No one fights dirtier or more brutally than blood; only family knows it’s own weaknesses, the exact placement of the heart. The tragedy is that one can still live with the force of hatred, feel infuriated that once you are born to another, that kinship lasts through life and death, immutable, unchanging, no matter how great the misdeed or betrayal. Blood cannot be denied, and perhaps that’s why we fight tooth and claw, because we cannot—being only human—put asunder what God has joined together.
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|Then he pulled out a handgun and shot me in the chest. I was standing on the lawn and I fell. The bullet hole opened wide and my heart rolled out of my rib cage and down into a flower bed. Blood gushed rhythmically from my open wound,then from my eyes,my ears,my mouth.It tasted like salt and failure. The bright red shame of being unloved soaked the grass in front of our house, the bricks of the path, the steps of the porch. My heart spasmed among the peonies like a trout.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Percy blinked. “So your brother is a winged horse. But you’re also my half brother, which means all the flying horses in the world are my…You know what? Lets’ forget it.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted (Faber and Faber Screenplays) Screenplay based on the book|Lunatics are similar to designated hitters. Often an entire family is crazy, but since an entire family can't go into the hospital, one person is designated as crazy and goes inside. Then, depending on how the rest of the family is feeling that person is kept inside or snatched out, to prove something about the family's mental health.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|He’s my brother, my blood. He annoys the hell out of me most of the time, but when it comes right down to it I want to see him graduate from college and have little annoying mini-Alexes and mini-Brittanys running around in the future
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|It is not until much later, as the skin sags and the heart weakens, that children understand; their stories, and all their accomplishments, sit atop the stories of their mothers and fathers, stones upon stones, beneath the waters of their lives.
Thomas S. Monson|To you who are parents, I say, show love to your children. You know you love them, but make certain they know it as well. They are so precious. Let them know. Call upon our Heavenly Father for help as you care for their needs each day and as you deal with the challenges which inevitably come with parenthood. You need more than your own wisdom in rearing them.
Erma Bombeck|When a child is locked in the bathroom with water running and he says he's doing nothing but the dog is barking, call 911. 
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|True best friends never fail on understanding, forgiving, and being there for one another no matter what situation that they might be in or having with one another because of the fact of that no matter if it’s two males or females love should always be there as if brothers or sisters if their what we call best friends.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|The depression belongs to all of us. I think of the family down the road whose mother was having a baby and they went around the neighborhood saying, "We're pregnant." I want to go around the neighborhood saying, "We're depressed." If my mum can't get out of bed in the morning, all of us feel the same. Her silence has become ours, and it's eating us alive.
Louise Erdrich, The Blue Jay's Dance: A Birth Year|Women without children are also the best of mothers,often, with the patience,interest, and saving grace that the constant relationship with children cannot always sustain. I come to crave our talk and our daughters gain precious aunts. Women who are not mothering their own children have the clarity and focus to see deeply into the character of children webbed by family. A child is fortuante who feels witnessed as a peron,outside relationships with parents by another adult.
Neal Shusterman, Antsy Does Time|I always hear people talk about 'dysfunctional families.' It annoys me, because it makes you think that somewhere there's this magical family where everyone gets along, and no one ever screams things they don't mean, and there's never a time when sharp objects should be hidden. Well, I'm sorry, but that family doesn't exist. And if you find some neighbors that seem to be the grinning model of 'function,' trust me - that's the family that will get arrested for smuggling arms in their SUV between soccer games.The best you can really hope for is a family where everyone's problems, big and small, work together. Kind of like an orchestra where every instrument is out of tune, in exactly the same way, so you don't really notice.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eyes -- her eyes are just like mine, Harry thought, edging a little closer to the glass. Bright green -- exactly the same shape, but then he noticed that she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time. The tall, thin, black-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her. He wore glasses, and his hair was very untidy. It stuck up at the back, just like Harry's did.Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection."Mum?" he whispered. "Dad?"They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Harry looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had Harry's knobbly knees -- Harry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them. He had a powerful kind of ache inside of him, half joy, half terrible sadness.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Scrubbing the floor when no one else wanted to was something that my mother would have done. If I can't be with her, the least I can do is act like her sometimes.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|He’d learned years ago it was better not to dwell too much on who was related to whom on the godly side of things. After Tyson the Cyclops adopted him as a brother, Percy decided that that was about as far as he wanted to extend the family.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society|Is this what family is like: the feeling that everyone’s connected, that with one piece missing, the whole thing’s broken?
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|Later, when you're grown up, you realize you never really get to hang out with your family. You pretty much have only eighteen years to spend with them full time, and that's it.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|I will see you again,’ Hades promised. ‘I will prepare a room for you at the palace in case you do not survive. Perhaps your chambers would look good decorated with the skulls of monks.’ ‘Now I can’t tell if you’re joking.’ Hades’s eyes glittered as his form began to fade. ‘Then perhaps we are alike in some important ways.’ The god vanished.
Susan Ee, World After|So that’s your sister?” asks Dee in a quiet voice.“Yeah.”“The one you risked your life for?”“Yeah.”The twins nod politely in that automatic way that people do when they don’t want to say something insulting.“Your family any better?” I ask.Dee and Dum look at each other, assessing.“Nah,” says Dee.“Not really,” says Dum at the same time.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Hagrid, look what I’ve got for relatives!” Harry said furiously. “Look at the Dursleys!”“An excellent point,” said Professor Dumbledore. “My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practicing inappropriate charms on a goat. It was all over the papers, but did Aberforth hide? No, he did not! He held his head high and went about his business as usual! Of course, I’m not entirely sure he can read, so that may not have been bravery. . . .
Michael J. Fox|Family is not an important thing, it's everything.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Family love is messy, clinging, and of an annoying and repetitive pattern, like bad wallpaper.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|He made it very clear that he didn’t want me here,” she said at last. “That my remaining at the Institute is not the happy chance I thought it was. Not in his view.”	“And after I just finished telling you why you should consider him family,” Jem said, a bit ruefully. “No wonder you looked as if I’d just told you something awful just happened.”	“I’m sorry,” Tessa whispered.	“Don’t be. It’s Will who ought to be sorry.” Jem’s eyes darkened. “We shall throw him out onto the streets,” he proclaimed. “I promise you he’ll be gone by morning.”	Tessa started and sat upright. “Oh – no, you can’t mean that─”	He grinned. “Of course I don’t. But you did feel better for a moment there, didn’t you?
Shannon L. Alder|A woman or man of value doesn’t love you because of what he or she wants you to be or do for them. He or she loves you because your combined souls understand one another, complements each other, and make sense above any other person in this world. You each share a part of their soul's mirror and see each other’s light reflected in it clearly. You can easily speak from the heart and feel safe doing so. Both of you have been traveling a parallel road your entire life. Without each other's presence, you feel like an old friend or family member was lost. It bothers you, not because you have given it too much meaning, but because God did. This is the type of person you don't have to fight for because you can't get rid of them and your heart doesn't want them to leave anyways.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Will is… difficult,” Jem said. “But family is difficult. If I didn’t think the Institute was the best place for you, Tessa, I wouldn’t say it was. And one can build one’s own family. I know you feel inhuman, and as if you were set apart, away from life and love, but…” His voice cracked a little, the first time Tessa had heard him sound unsure. He cleared his throat. “I promise you, the right man won’t care.
Winston S. Churchill|There is no doubt that it is around the family and the home that all the greatest virtues, the most dominating virtues of human, are created, strengthened and maintained.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|Family," she announced. "They're the people in your life you don't get to pick. The ones that are given to you,as opposed to those you get to choose.""You're bound to them by blood," she continued, her voice flat. "Which, you know, gives you that much more in common. Diseases, genetics, hair, and eye color. It's like they're part of your blueprint. If something's wrong with you, you can usually trace it back to them."I nodded and kept writing."But," she said, "even though you're stuck with them, at the same time, they're also stuck with you. So that's why they always get the front rows at christenings and funerals. Because they're the ones that are there, you know, from the beginning to the end. Like it or not.
William Paul Young, The Shack|You can kiss your family and friends good-bye and put miles between you, but a the same time you carry them with you in your heart, your mind your stomach, because you do not just live in a world but a world lives in you.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Hades allowed himself the faintest smile, but there was nothing cruel in his eyes. ‘I can entertain the possibility that you acted for multiple reasons. My point is this: you and I rose to the aid of Olympus because you convinced me to let go of my anger. I would encourage you to do likewise. My children are so rarely happy. I … I would like to see you be an exception.’ Nico stared at his father. He didn’t know what to do with that statement. He could accept many unreal things – hordes of ghosts, magical labyrinths, travel through shadows, chapels made of bones. But tender words from the Lord of the Underworld? No. That made no sense.
Sophie Kinsella, Twenties Girl|I'm allergic to family occasions. Sometimes I think we'd do better as dandelion seeds-no family, no history, just floating off into the world, each on our own piece of fluff.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|If a man's character is to be abused, say what you will, there's nobody like a relative to do the business.
Michael Pollan, In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto|The shared meal elevates eating from a mechanical process of fueling the body to a ritual of family and community, from the mere animal biology to an act of culture.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Grief is a curious thing, when it happens unexpectedly. It is a Band-aid being ripped away, taking the top layer off a family. And the underbelly of a household is never pretty, ours no exception.
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|In a culture which holds the two-parent patriarchal family in higher esteem than any other arrangement, all children feel emotionally insecure when their family does not measure up to the standard. A utopian vision of the patriarchal family remains intact despite all the evidence which proves that the well-being of children is no more secure in the dysfunctional male-headed household than in the dysfunctional female-headed household. Children need to be raised in loving environments. Whenever domination is present love is lacking. Loving parents, be they single or coupled, gay or straight, headed by females or males, are more likely to raise healthy, happy children with sound self-esteem. In future feminist movement we need to work harder to show parents the ways ending sexism positively changes family life. Feminist movement is pro-family. Ending patriarchal domination of children, by men or women, is the only way to make the family a place where children can be safe, where they can be free, where they can know love
