Hans-Hermann Hoppe, The Economics and Ethics of Private Property: Studies in Political Economy and Philosophy|Experience cannot beat logic, and interpretations of observational evidence which are not in line with the laws of logical reasoning are no refutation of these but the sign of a muddled mind (or would one accept someone’s observational report that he had seen a bird that was red and non-red all over at the same time as a refutation of the law of contradiction rather than the pronouncement of an idiot?).
Robin Hobb, Fool's Quest|What is a secret? It is much more than knowledge shared with only a few, or perhaps only one another. It is power. It is a bond. It is a sign of deep trust, or the darkest threat possible. There is power in the keeping of a secret, and power in the revelation of a secret. Sometimes it takes a very wise man to discern which is the path to greater power. All men desirous of power should become collectors of secrets. There is no secret too small to be valuable. All men value their own secrets far above those of others. A scullery maid may be willing to betray a prince before allowing the name of her secret lover to be told.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|I once knew of a minstrel who bragged of having had a thousand women, one time each. He would never know what I knew, that to have one woman a thousand times, and each time find in her a different delight, is far better. I knew now what gleamed in the eyes of old couples when they stared at each other across a room...My familiarity with her was a more potent love elixir than any potion sold by a hedge-witch in the market.
Criss Jami|If your doctrine changed for the better yet your character changed for the worse, you changed for the worse.
J.R. Rim|Each day, the goal is to receive knowledge and remove ignorance. This reveals what we all search for. Wisdom.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|The teaching must, of course, work with the best part of the individual, must be directed to his or her real capacity.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|We know amazingly little about what happens beneath our feet. It is fairly remarkable to think that Ford has been building cars and baseball has been playing World Series for longer than we have known that the Earth has a core. And of course the idea that the continents move about on the surface like lily pads has been common wisdom for much less than a generation. Strange as it may seem, wrote Richard Feynman, "we understand the distribution of matter in the interior of the Sun far better than we understand the interior of the Earth.
Criss Jami|We must not allow our pride to be the motivation behind our apologetics; rather, philoverity, the love of truth must be the full and complete motivation. For pride corrupts truth.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|This human body is the perpetual home of God. You will die one day. But in succession within this human body this phenomenon of Supreme knowledge will continue. But these are very tough to understand. Listen, this life is all. You have to do everything within this life. Nothing is in the sky, everything is within this body.
Nicholas Wiseman|Depend upon it, he who wishes to win the prize must come on the principle that two and two make four.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The more you read, the better you are informed.
Zeshan Ali Sheikh|The more I read, the less I know.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I hunger for books, I search for knowledge.
Thomas Sowell|What is ominous is the ease with which some people go from saying that they don't like something to saying that the government should forbid it. When you go down that road, don't expect freedom to survive very long.
Robin Hobb, Golden Fool|The death of Nighteyes gutted me. I walked wounded through my life in the days that followed, unaware of just how mutilated I was. I was like the man who complains of the itching of his severed leg. The itching distracts from the immense knowledge that one will forever after hobble through life.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|Because learning does not consist only of knowing what we must or we can do, but also of knowing what we could do and perhaps should not do.
John Brunner, The Crucible of Time|You will die, and I, and all we can create—why not a city? But if there is one thing that deserves to be immortal, it is knowledge.
Saul Bellow, The Adventures of Augie March|Anything that just adds information you can't use is plain dangerous. Anyway, there's too much of everything of this kind, that's come home to me, too much history and culture to keep track of, too many details, too much news, too much example, too much influence, too many guys who tell you to be as they are, and all this hugeness, abundance, turbulence, Niagara Falls torrent. Which who is supposed to interpret? Me? I haven't got that much head to master it all. I get carried away. It doesn't give my feelings enough of a chance if I have to store up and become like an encyclopedia. Why, just as a question of time spent in getting prepared for life, look! a man could spent forty, fifty, sixty years like that inside the walls of his own being. And all high conversation would take place within those walls. And all achievement would stay within those walls. And all glamour too. And even hate, monstrousness, enviousness, murder, would be inside them. This would be only a terrible, hideous dream about existing. It's better to dig ditches and hit other guys with your shovel than die in the walls.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|The truth is precious commodity, not everyone will possess her.
Salman Rushdie|for to the arguments of great thinkers there is no end, the idea of argument itself being a tool to improve the mind, the sharpest of all tools, born of the love of knowledge, which is to say, philosophy.
Debasish Mridha|Education shouldn’t be the prison of known knowledge, but it should be the bridge to find the yet unknown universe of knowledge.
ELW-Reta Barnes|To understand God, is to Love Him. You can't say you love God if you don't know Him. First you must know yourself, to experience God, then you will know Him for who He really is.
Dada Bhagwan|In the time before Gnan (time before 1958 when Dada Bhagwan got manifested) there was obstinacy within me. ‘I’ discovered that obstinacy does not let the light of Gnan (Eternal Knowledge) to come through. Then I saw all that obstinacy, and it was destroyed. Thereafter the Gnan (Eternal Knowledge) manifested. One has to observe one’s own self that where lies the obstinacies. The Self is an observatory itself.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|I want to ‘think’ that I have all the answers. But if I ‘think’, I soon realize that what I thought to be answers were guesses. And if I ‘think’ yet again, I begin to realize that since God has all the answers He never hands me a guess.
Bruce R. McConkie|Now, the atonement of Christ is the most basic and fundamental doctrine of the gospel, and it is the least understood of all our revealed truths. Many of us have a superficial knowledge and rely upon the Lord and his goodness to see us through the trials and perils of life. But if we are to have faith like Enoch and Elijah we must believe what they believed, know what they knew, and live as they lived.
Dada Bhagwan|In scriptures, there is knowledge about the different methods; the knowledge about the goal [to attain Pure Soul] is not there. ‘Gnani’ has the knowledge about the goal [to attain Pure Soul]. Knowledge about the goal, which is the Soul, is obtained as a result of the ‘Gnani’s’ grace.
Dada Bhagwan|This worldly knowledge is not called (Real) Knowledge. It is worldly knowledge. The scriptural knowledge is known as the instrumental knowledge. The knowledge about the goal [to attain Pure Soul] is Real ‘Knowledge’. Scriptures themselves are the instruments and the knowledge within the scriptures is also an instrument; whereas, the ‘knowledge’ of the Self is the goal [to attain Pure Soul]!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|They say that wisdom is a dying flower, and I disagree. In a world covered in mud, the lotus still continues to grow. Even after mankind washes itself away from the surface of the earth, knowledge will still remain. Look no further than the bosom of Nature. It offers all the solutions needed to cure and unite humanity. Wise men only exist as interpreters and transmitters of Truth. Their time on earth is limited, but Nature's existence is eternal. Open books shall always exist for those with an opened eye and pure heart; for Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them.
J.R. Rim|It's not what you learn, it's the way you learn it.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|A person may learn things all their life, but never gain knowledge of truth.
Debasish Mridha|With the wings of knowledge, it is easier to fly toward the blue sky of wisdom.
J.W. Dunne, An Experiment with Time|In my own case, I employed this experiment mainly in order to seek for the barrier, if any, which divides our knowledge of the past from our knowledge of the future. And the odd thing was that there did not seem to be any such barrier at all.
Debasish Mridha|I go to bed with knowledge to dream, then dreams wake me up with the lights of wisdom.
Debasish Mridha|The purpose of education should not to be to fill you with knowledge, but education should make you hungry for knowledge.
Francis Thompson|Where is the land of Luthany,Where is the tract of Elenore?I am bound therefore.'Pierce thy heart to find the key;With thee takeOnly what none else would keep;Learn to dream when thou dost wake;Learn to wake when thou dost sleep.Learn to water joy with tears,Learn from fears to vanquish fears;To hope, for thou dar'st not despair;Exult, for that thou dar'st not grieve;Plough thou the rock until it bear;Know, for thou else couldst not believe;Lose, that the lost thou may'st receive;Die, for none other way canst live.'When earth and heave lay down their veil,And that apocalypse turns thee pale;When thy seeing blindeth theeTo what thy fellow-mortals see;When their sight to thee is sightless;Their living, death; their light, most lightless;Search no more--Pass the gates of Luthany,Tread the region Elenore!'Where is the land of Luthany?And where the region Elenore?I do faint therefore.'When to the new eyes of theeAll things by immortal power,Near or far,HiddenlyTo each other linked are,That thou canst not stir a flowerWithout troubling of a star;When thy song is shield and mirrorTo the fair snake curled pain,Where thou dar'st affront her terrorThat on her thou may'st attainPersean Conquest; seek no more,O seek no more!Pass the gates of Luthany,Tread the region Elenore!
Dada Bhagwan|That which cures all worldly miseries, is called ‘Scientific’ Knowledge.
A.D. Posey|The gift of knowledge is empowering, but the gift of wisdom is life-changing.
Dada Bhagwan|Knowledge of all living beings of the entire world is in only one Soul. But the knowledge that sees the ego and everything, as objects to be known (gneya); only that knowledge is called as the ‘Knowledge’. However, that is partial Knowledge but only from that moment it is regarded as real applied focused awareness. Where there is Knowledge, the focused applied awareness may be partial or complete.
Dada Bhagwan|Infinite knowledge, infinite vision, infinite energy of the Soul is in the same state even today. The Soul has never been a sinner. The Soul is absolutely pure.
J. Devau, Theory of the Atheist: Record One of the Alias Wars|I was not alone in my success, only in my failure.
Dada Bhagwan|Without ‘Gnan’ (True Knowledge of the Self), desire(s) will not go away.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|The clothes may vary, but the person is the same.
Stefan Molyneux|For the most part, people strenuously resist any redefinition of morality, because it shakes them to the very core of their being to think that in pursuing virtue they may have been feeding vice, or in fighting vice they may have in fact been fighting virtue.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders don’t hide good news from their followers. As long as they discover knowledge, they share knowledge. They leave part of them with people they meet; hence they are hardly missed when they are gone.
J. Budziszewski, Commentary on Thomas Aquinas's Treatise on Law|Of course there is such a thing as too much doubt, for we ought to accept what is true. But there is also such a thing as proper doubt, for we ought not accept what is false. The possibility of doubt is inherent in the longing to understand, and nothing less than complete and perfect knowledge can satisfy the mind. We do not possess such knowledge here on earth; it is reserved for the beatific vision. Until then, doubt will be with us. This is...why it is so unreasonable to trust only what cannot be doubted, as Descartes proposed, because everything can be doubted. We should believe, not what we cannot doubt, but what we have the best reasons to believe.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|How could we have found, who we really are, without education?
Max Harms, Crystal Society|The web was such a vital part of my life. It was like an oracle, a book that never ran out of pages, and a window into a million different rooms all at once.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If ever a generation was bequeathed the knowledge of God, we were. Yet we are throwing away this glorious heritage on our lust and passions.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The more man learns, the less he knows.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Today an educated, civilized society is turning its face while thousands of unborn babies are being killed. God Himself, if not history, will judge this greater holocaust.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Today we have more knowledge than at any other time in history. In seconds our laptops or PCs can call up information about a topic that would have taken years to collect. Young people graduate with more knowledge than ever before—but in spite of their knowledge, they are confused, bewildered, frustrated, and without moral moorings.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are the most informed people in the history of civilization—and yet the most confused. Though our heads are crammed with knowledge, our hearts are empty.
Rachel Caine, Ink and Bone|There are three parts to learning: information, knowledge and wisdom, A mere accumulation of information is not knowledge, and a treasure of knowledge is not in itself, wisdom.
Luca Turin (Author) Tania Sanchez (Author), Perfumes: The Guide|Lignin, the stuff that prevents all trees from adopting the weeping habit, is a polymer made up of units that are closely related to vanillin. When made into paper and stored for years, it breaks down and smells good. Which is how divine providence has arranged for secondhand bookstores to smell like good quality vanilla absolute, subliminally stoking a hunger for knowledge in all of us.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|When you are a person people can trust, they will call on upon you, love to be around you and work with you. A leader’s skills take him to people, but his character brings people to him.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|A mind might ponder its thought for ages, and not gain so much self-knowledge as the passion of love shall teach it in a day.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Of what a strange nature is knowledge! It clings to the mind when it has once seized on it like a lichen on the rock. I wished sometimes to shake off all thought and feeling, but I learned that there was but one means to overcome the sensation of pain, and that was death -- a state which I feared yet did not understand.
Debasish Mridha|Knowledge is the beauty of a diamond, but wisdom is the shining reflection of that beauty.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|We live on a little island of the articulable, which we tend to mistake for reality itself.
Debasish Mridha|The mind is the treasury for knowledge, but the heart is the treasury for love and kindness.
Debasish Mridha|If knowledge is a glass of water, then wisdom is the unlimited, infinite and not yet invented ocean.
Debasish Mridha|To gain wisdom, you must not only acquire knowledge, but you must assimilate it within your being.
Deepak Chopra, The Soul of Leadership: Unlocking Your Potential for Greatness|Awareness ultimately has no boundaries. It exists in this world but endlessly goes beyond it. The world's great wisdom traditions all derive from a higher reality that is indescribable but can be experienced. This is the greatest wonder and source of awe. As the ancient Indian sages declare, “This isn't knowledge that you learn. It's knowledge that you become.” When you fully absorb this insight, you know what it means to transcend. You don't need to travel anywhere; all of reality exists in you. You exemplify wholeness because you are united with everything and everyone around you. You exist to demonstrate that human beings can reach the infinite, and by simply being who you are, you help others get there.
Debasish Mridha|When you share your knowledge, you gain wisdom. Share as much as you can and as often as you can.
Debasish Mridha|Without education, there will be no knowledge. Without knowledge, how can there be success?
James Rollins, The Bone Labyrinth|Just go look.That sentiment had been the driving force behind humanity's progress across the ages, a simple imperative fueled by our innate curiosity: to discover what was around the next bend, over the next horizon. It was that same inquisitiveness that impelled us to explore who we are, where we came from, and where we are headed next.
Debasish Mridha|When you sweeten your knowledge and experience with your thoughts, it becomes your wisdom.
Susan J. McIntire|A writer may not know the way at first; but if he endeavors to complete his task, he carves a path with his story, a knowledge shortcut.
Alahdal A. Hussein|Passion makes you hungry for knowledge in your field, and knowledge fuels your confidence, which makes you unique in your field leading you to be successful.
Israelmore Ayivor|A leader’s skills take him to people, but his character brings people to him.
Fahad Rashiq|Only Give up,When Your Hearts Gives up.(Don't Give up, till your Last Breath)
Patty Houser, A Woman's Guide to Knowing What You Believe: How to Love God With Your Heart and Your Mind|There is nothing more powerful than gaining knowledge through our beliefs via personal experiences because when we turn belief into knowledge this way, we know what we know at the very core of our being, at a visceral level.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|On building homes for fallen angels:When I was small - I sought a home,a place to go and rest my bones.Then founded something, of my own,I lived among the restless stones.If seeking leads you back to evil,what good is that, I asked a weevil.He said a home is what you make,it can't be real, if it is fake...And if you wait instead of seek,will you find love, or something bleak?I know (myself) for I have found,a beauty, hidden – in a sound.Waiting is boring.And so is exploring.A smile is sometimes all it takes.And then your whole world simply breaks.
G.A. Henty|Look at their arts, their power of turning stone into lifelike figures, and above all, the way in which they can transfer their thoughts to white leaves, so that others, many many years hence, can read them and know all that was passing, and what men thought and did in the long bygone. Truly it is marvelous.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|It is truly horrible to understand yourself as the essential below of your country. It breaks too much of what we would like to think about ourselves, our lives, the world we move through and the people who surround us. The struggle to understand is our only advantage over this madness.
Stephen Colbert|Librarians hoard the wisdom of humanity. They are the keepers of all knowledge, the guardians at the temples of understanding and devoted protectors of the sanctuary in the midst of uneducated anarchy.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Sensei in Solitary|. . and so it is that A Sensei may impart his knowledge of the martial Way and nurture your fighting abilities, but you must learn the wisdom of finding other ways than martial skills to solve your problems
Guatama Buddha|A wise person can enter and dwell in his own teacher's knowledge, having realized it for himself through knowledge.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|I stared at the little white agates in my hand, delicate as moon drops. The mystery of God's love as I understand it is that God loves the man who was being mean to his dog just as much as he loves babies; God loves Susan Smith, who drowned her two sons, as much as he loves Desmond Tutu. And he loved her just as much when she was releasing the handbrake of her car that sent her boys into the river as he did when she first nursed them. So of course, he loves old ordinary me, even or especially at my most scared and petty and mean and obsessive. Loves me; chooses me.Remembering this helped, but here is what in fact saved me: Sam came over to see what I held in my palm, glared contemptuously at my small white pebbles, and then without missing a beat slapped the bottom of my hand so that the agates scattered. He ran off down the beach, laughing with glee. It surprised me so, this small meanness, that it made me catch my breath. Boy, I thought, is he going to be hard to place.When I was young I would have felt, What’s the point of trying to be good if the people who aren’t even trying get to be equally loved? Now I just picked up my pace and tried to catch up with that rotten Sam, because I don’t know much of anything for sure. Only that I am loved – as is
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|You can’t give what you don’t have. To lead people in a better way, mingle with them in body. But in knowledge, be far ahead of them!
Aron Gurwitsch, Phenomenology and Theory of Science|It is the right of the positive scientist, the logician, the mathematician, and the physicist, to remain within his scientific tradition and to abstain from concerning himself with its origin and institution. It is the duty of the philosopher to raise precisely that question in order to clarify and account for the very sense of modern science.
Brian Moran|You've no doubt heard the saying 'knowledge is power.' I disagree. Knowledge is only powerful if you use it, if you act on it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God gives wisdom, knowledge and understanding.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In my quest to search for knowledge, I know God, the source of knowledge.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greatest education is the knowledge of God. God gives life, strength and wisdom for every accomplishment.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|The NSA may, or may not have rejected the invisible secret operative application form I never even bothered to have sent over to them. I'll never know...
Debasish Mridha|True liberty comes from education, knowledge, and wisdom.
Henry Johnson Jr|Education is liberation, knowledge is power.
Debasish Mridha|To find your self, get lost is the search of knowledge and wisdom.
Criss Jami, Healology|Truth is not fully explosive, but purely electric. You don't blow the world up with the truth; you shock it into motion.
Rachel Carson|If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The more you know, the less you talk. The less you talk, the more you know.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You may not understand issues that do not pertain to the heart, but be a master in areas that do. Nobody knows everything, and nobody can be a master of everything. Nobody was created perfect, and nobody should be measured according to perfection. It is the weight of your heart that matters the most in the end. All else is irrelevant.
Meg Wolitzer|I think having the knowledge, plus the experiences you've lived through, make you definitely not fragile. They make you brave.
C.S. Woolley, Rising Empire: Part 2|In the pursuit of knowledge, no one should travel alone
Mike Tyson, Undisputed Truth|Burning cocaine is the worst smell in the world. It smells like burning plastic and rat poison combined. A friend of mine once told me, that when you want to know something about anything, put some fire under it. The fire brings out everything. You want to know something about a motherfucker? Put some fire under his ass. Well, when you put some fire under that cocaine, you know what it's made out of.
James Randall Robison, God Wants You to Be Happy|You cannot fully wrap your mind around God, so better to fully wrap God around your mind.
Kay Hooper|We should never, ever believe life - or history holds no surprises for us. That was lies arrogance. And arrogance can blind us to the truth.""Which truth?""Any truth. All truth." her voice was solemn
Sam Lipsyte, The Subject Steve|I'm finding that the older I get, it's not that I learn new things, it's more like I find out how much of what I know is common knowledge.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|When you are searching for knowledge, knowledge is also searching for you.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Curiosity is the beginning of knowledge, but understanding is the beginning of wisdom.
Mamur Mustapha|I do not know how it all started, but I would certainly play my part in how it all ends.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the pursuit of knowledge, we know God, the source of knowledge and wisdom.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|One word absent from a sentence, or misinterpreted incorrectly, can change the entire meaning of a sentence. One word can change the meaning of everything. Before you believe anything about God or anybody, ask yourself how well do you trust the transmitter, translator or interpreter. And if you have never met them, then how do you know if the knowledge you acquired is even right? One hundred and twenty-five years following every major event in history, all remaining witnesses will have died. How well do you trust the man who has stored his version of a story? And how can you put that much faith into someone you don't know?
Rashedur Ryan Rahman|Autumn is a momentum of the natures golden beauty…, so the same it’s time to find your momentum of life
A.W. Tozer, How to Be Filled with the Holy Spirit|[D]on't try to know everything. You can't. Find Him in the Word, for the Holy Ghost wrote this Book. He inspired it, and He will be revealed in its pages.
Louis L'Amour, Ride the Dark Trail|Folks who have lived the cornered sort of life most scholars, teachers, and storekeepers live seldom realize what they've missed in the way of conversation. Some of the best talk and the wisest talk I've ever heard was around campfires, in saloons, bunkhouses, and the like. The idea that all the knowledge of the world is bound up in schools and schoolteachers is a mistaken one.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t despise any experience. With every experience, you increase in knowledge and wisdom.
Rashedur Ryan Rahman|CONFIDENCE is not showing off your VANITY, it’s about to be HUMBLED and KIND to others what are you truly SKILLED and PROFESSIONAL about…
H.G. Wells|An immense and ever-increasing wealth of knowledge is scattered about the world today; knowledge that would probably suffice to solve all the mighty difficulties of our age, but it is dispersed and unorganized. We need a sort of mental clearing house for the mind: a depot where knowledge and ideas are received, sorted, summarized, digested, clarified and compared
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I am no scientist. I explore the neighbourhood. An infant who has just learned to hold his head up has a frank and forthright way of gazing about him in bewilderment. He hasn't the faintest clue where he is, and he aims to learn. In a couple of years, what he will have learned instead is how to fake it: he'll have the cocksure air of a squatter who has come to feel he owns the place. Some unwonted, taught pride diverts us from our original intent, which is to explore the neighbourhood, view the landscape, to discover at least WHERE it is that we have been so startlingly set down, if we can't learn why.
Ursula K. Le Guin|We live well in the houses, well enough, but we are ruled utterly by fear. There was a time we sailed in ships between the stars. Now, we dare not go 100 miles from home. We keep a little knowledge and do nothing with it, but once we used that knowledge to weave the pattern of life like a tapestry across night and chaos. We enlarged the chances of life.
John Dunne|The way of words, of knowing and loving words, is a way to the essence of things, and to the essence of knowing.
Vironika Tugaleva|To know yourself, you must first sacrifice the illusion that already you do.
John Phillips|Goodness without knowledge... is weak and feeble, yet knowledge without goodness is dangerous.... Both united form the noblest character and lay the surest foundation of usefulness to mankind. Many men went a walking and many crippled men, did not.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|The future depends on attitude, aptitude, and gratitude--not on knowledge.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|...we have something they want. Valuing knowledge above all else results in a lust for power, and that leads men into dark and empty places. We should be thankful that we know better.
Baris Gencel|Information is nutrition, knowledge is nutrition, art is nutrition and they set us free. Internet is a great library, great library is a freedom within wisdom in this digital age
Sudipta   Das|By philosophy, history, economics and science, all knowledge and wisdom, humanity may eventually arrive at the awareness of its own oneness.... Sudipta Das
Claudio Encarnacion Montero|If you can't beat your computer at chess, try kickboxing.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|There is a secret a person with great knowledge discovers along the path to truth. That is, the more doors you open to the mysteries, the smaller you feel. And because you begin to feel smaller and smaller until your ego disappears, the more humble you become. Therefore, any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek.
Ken Poirot|Wisdom comes from making mistakes, having the courage to face them, and make adjustments moving forward based upon the knowledge aquired through those experiences.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Knowledge that can make miracles happen needs to be guarded carefully. If it falls into the wrong hands, miracles become disasters in no time.
Criss Jami, Healology|Because you're always learning, the chief lesson remains: you still know nothing.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If we knew what is already there, there will be no need for research.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|I've never, nor shall I ever, mourn the loss of a fool. Losing a fool, is the same as gaining, retaining, and reaffirming my intelligence.
Agatha Christie, The A.B.C. Murders|In fact there is only your own instinct?Not instinct, Hastings. Instinct is a bad word. It is my knowledge-my experience-that tells me that something about that letter is wrong-
Idries Shah, The Commanding Self|If you assume that it is there, you will generally not be far off the truth.
Eraldo Banovac|Regardless of one’s age, acquiring new knowledge has always been useful.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You ought to search the Scriptures yourself, to discover the glorious gospel.
Eraldo Banovac|There is a fascinating entanglement of science and knowledge, which is expressed as scientific knowledge.
K. Valisumbra, Mortlake and Other Stories|An idea: a theory or an equation, might sit around unnoticed for decades, centuries, even, before it's rediscovered and put to some use. That's how it works: it makes connections with other ideas, other knowledge, gathering momentum all the time, growing exponentially if it's strong enough. Just like it would connect and grow within the billions of neurons in a single mind.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|I wanted to pursue things, to know things, but I could not match the means of knowing that came naturally to me with the expectations of professors. The pursuit of knowing was freedom to me, the right to declare your own curiosities and follow them through all manner of books. I was made fore the library, not the classroom. The classroom was a jail of other people's interests. The library was open, unending, free. Slowly, I was discovering myself.
Cecily von Ziegesar, Nobody Does it Better|She was spoiled, but she wasn't lazy. She knew what she wanted, and because she believed absolutely that she could have everything she wanted if she tried hard enough to get it, she never stopped trying.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|I do what I do because I love God, as I love your children, as I love humanity, as I love peace, truth, and justice for all. I may not be a fan of religion, but I am a big fan of God. I choose not to subscribe to any one religion because I recognize truths in them all — both the truths and flaws. For anybody to believe that any father would want to see his children fighting is madness. It does not make the Creator happy to see anybody massacre any of his beautiful creations. If you must know the religion I choose, I choose LOVE. If you must know the name of my god, his name is Truth, or rather 'He Who is One, The One Who is All.
Criss Jami, Healology|The study of Scripture I find to be quite like mastering an instrument. No one is so good that they cannot get any better; no one knows so much that they can know no more. A professional can spot an amateur or a lack of practice or experience a mile away. His technicality, his spiritual ear is razor-sharp. He is familiar with the common mistakes, the counter-arguments; and insofar as this, he can clearly distinguish the difference between honest critics of the Faith and mere fools who criticize that which they know nothing.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Life's greatest lessons were not shown to me, read to me, illustrated or explained to me; they happened to me.
Idries Shah, The Way of the Sufi|Man thinks many things. He thinks he is One. He is usually several. Until he becomes One, he cannot have a fair idea of what he is at all.
Francis Bacon|The inquiry of truth, which is the love-making, or the wooing of it, the knowledge of truth, which is the presence of it, and the belief of truth, which is the enjoying of it, is the sovereign good of human nature.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.
Eraldo Banovac|There are three characteristics of wisdom: knowledge, experience and patience.
Dan Smith, The State of the World Atlas|Knowledge is not the same as wisdom. You can know all the facts and still not be able to act wisely. But without knowledge, it is harder to be wise –– even if what wisdom tells us is that knowledge is very often provisional and that we cannot wait to have certainty about every fact before we act.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|A self-leader cries for no followers by himself. He does his thing and people get to know him, chase him and learn from him.
Luise White, Speaking with Vampires: Rumor and History in Colonial Africa|In Uganda, I wrote a questionaire that I had my research assistants give; on it, I asked about the embalasassa, a speckled lizard said to be poisonous and to have been sent by Prime minsister Milton Obote to kill Baganda in the late 1960s. It is not poisonous and was no more common in the 1960s than it had been in previous decades, as Makerere University science professors announced on the radio and stated in print… I wrote the question, What is the difference between basimamoto and embalasassa? Anyone who knows anything about the Bantu language—myself included—would know the answer was contained in the question: humans and reptiles are different living things and belong to different noun classes… A few of my informants corrected my ignorance… but many, many more ignored the translation in my question and moved beyond it to address the history of the constructs of firemen and poisonous lizards without the slightest hesitation. They disregarded language to engage in a discussion of events… My point is not about the truth of the embalasassa story… but rather that the labeling of one thing as ‘true’ and the other as ‘fictive’ or ‘metaphorical’—all the usual polite academic terms for false—may eclipse all the intricate ways in which people use social truths to talk about the past. Moreover, chronological contradictions may foreground the fuzziness of certain ideas and policies, and that fuzziness may be more accurate than any exact historical reconstruction… Whether the story of the poisionous embalasassa was real was hardly the issue; there was a real, harmless lizard and there was a real time when people in and around Kampala feared the embalasassa. They feared it in part because of beliefs about lizards, but mainly what frightened people was their fear of their government and the lengths to which it would go to harm them. The confusions and the misunderstandings show what is important; knowledge about the actual lizard would not.
Orrin Woodward|What kills leadership growth isn't ignorance, but rather the illusion of knowledge.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Our knowledge is limited. However, reading augments our knowledge.
Eraldo Banovac|Knowledge has a great power. Therefore, unethical use of knowledge can be extremely harmful.
Eraldo Banovac|Creativity is an amazing human characteristic, which is more connected with curiosity than with knowledge.
Benjamin Meadows|Knowing beauty is not what can be described but felt, upon looking at something beautiful.
James Emlund|The base is as strong as the foundation, the tree's trunk as sturdy as the depth it took root. And when we witness this the questions of past introspection could also be: When did certain reinforcements of that foundation get established?And why were there cracks to begin with?...that could take you so far back depending on the person, for that matter, any intelligent life-form, to make you ask:How could I compassionately hold anyone so against what I know I possibly once did myself?
Albert Einstein|If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Anyone whose goal is 'something higher' must expect someday to suffer vertigo. What is vertigo? Fear of falling? No, Vertigo is something other than fear of falling. It is the voice of the emptiness below us which tempts and lures us, it is the desire to fall, against which, terrified, we defend ourselves.
Coco Chanel|Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. 
Oliver Goldsmith, The Citizen of the World, Or, Letters from a Chinese Philosopher, Residing in London, to His Friends in the Country, by Dr. Goldsmith|Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Theodore Roosevelt|It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Bob Dylan|A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|If you try and lose then it isn't your fault. But if you don't try and we lose, then it's all your fault.
Winston S. Churchill|Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|When you show yourself to the world and display your talents, you naturally stir all kinds of resentment, envy, and other manifestations of insecurity... you cannot spend your life worrying about the petty feelings of others
Vince Lombardi Jr.|The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
Bill Cosby|In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. 
Zig Ziglar|Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs.
Joyce Brothers|Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
Dr. Seuss|And will you succeed? Yes indeed, yes indeed! Ninety-eight and three-quarters percent guaranteed!
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The good news is that the moment you decide that what you know is more important than what you have been taught to believe, you will have shifted gears in your quest for abundance. Success comes from within, not from without.
Martin Luther King Jr.|If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|Keep your friends for friendship, but work with the skilled and competent
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|Success, after all, loves a witness, but failure can't exist without one.
Albert Einstein|Possessions, outward success, publicity, luxury - to me these have always been contemptible. I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best for both the body and the mind.
Deepak Chopra|There are many aspects to success; material wealth is only one component. ...But success also includes good health, energy and enthusiasm for life, fulfilling relationships, creative freedom, emotional and psychological stability, a sense of well-being, and peace of mind.
Amelia Earhart|I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be but a challenge to others.
John C. Maxwell|Success is...knowing your purpose in life,growing to reach your maximum potential, andsowing seeds that benefit others.
Eiichirō Oda|Inherited Will, The Destiny of the Age, and The Dreams of the People. As long as people continue to pursue the meaning of Freedom, these things will never cease to be!" - Gol D. Roger
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|Before success comes in any man’s life, he is sure to meet with much temporary defeat, and, perhaps, some failure. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and most logical thing to do is to quit. That is exactly what the majority of men do. More than five hundred of the most successful men this country has ever known told the author their greatest success came just one step beyond the point at which defeat had overtaken them.
Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments|You see the first thing we love is a scene. For love at first sight requires the very sign of its suddenness; and of all things, it is the scene which seems to be seen best for the first time: a curtain parts and what had not yet ever been seen is devoured by the eyes: the scene consecrates the object I am going to love. The context is the constellation of elements, harmoniously arranged that encompass the experience of the amorous subject...Love at first sight is always spoken in the past tense. The scene is perfectly adapted to this temporal phenomenon: distinct, abrupt, framed, it is already a memory (the nature of a photograph is not to represent but to memorialize)... this scene has all the magnificence of an accident: I cannot get over having had this good fortune: to meet what matches my d
Israelmore Ayivor|Success is not obtained overnight. It comes in installments; you get a little bit today, a little bit tomorrow until the whole package is given out. The day you procrastinate, you lose that day's success.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable|Missing a train is only painful if you run after it! Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that’s what you are seeking.
Colin Powell|There are no secrets to success: don’t waste time looking for them. Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty to those for whom you work, and persistence.
Lance Armstrong, It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life|Anyone who imagines they can work alone winds up surrounded by nothing but rivals, without companions. The fact is, no one ascends alone.
Denis Waitley|Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Mario Andretti|Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
Henry Ford|The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When emerging from humble beginnings, those around you tend to underestimate your authenticity because they knew you before you were 'somebody'.
Joe Namath|If you're not gonna go all the way, why go at all?
Harper Lee|You rarely win, but sometimes you do.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.
Anna Quindlen|If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.
James Surowiecki|Lack of confidence, sometimes alternating with unrealistic dreams of heroic success, often leads to procrastination, and many studies suggest that procrastinators are self-handicappers: rather than risk failure, they prefer to create conditions that make success impossible, a reflex that of course creates a vicious cycle.
Israelmore Ayivor|The bird dares to break the shell, then the shell breaks open and the bird can fly openly. This is the simplest principle of success. You dream, you dare and and you fly.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Do not sit still; start moving now. In the beginning, you may not go in the direction you want, but as long as you are moving, you are creating alternatives and possibilities.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|He will know from and early age that failure is not disgrace. It's just a pitch that you missed, and you'd better get ready for the next one. The next one might be the shot heard round the world. My son and I are Americans, we prepare for glory by failing until we don't.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|As Aristotle said, 'Excellence is a habit.' I would say furthermore that excellence is made constant through the feeling that comes right after one has completed a work which he himself finds undeniably awe-inspiring. He only wants to relax until he's ready to renew such a feeling all over again because to him, all else has become absolutely trivial.
Brad Szollose|If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Learn to adapt. Things change, circumstances change. Adjust yourself and your efforts to what it is presented to you so you can respond accordingly. Never see change as a threat, because it can be an opportunity to learn, to grow, evolve and become a better person.
Po Bronson|If you want to give yourself a fair chance to succeed, never expect too much too soon
Steve Maraboli|You've been given the innate power to shape your life...but you cannot just speak change, you have to LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live it...BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!
Daisaku Ikeda, Discussions on Youth|I cannot say this too strongly: Do not compare yourselves to others. Be true to who you are, and continue to learn with all your might.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|You are where you are right now because of the actions you've taken, or maybe, the inaction you've taken.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|If you don’t know exactly where you’re going, how will you know when you get there?
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion|No one can travel so far that he does not make some progess each day. So let us never give up. Then we shall move forward daily in the Lord's way. And let us never despair because of our limited success. Even though it is so much less than we would like, our labour is not wasted when today is better than yesterday!
John C. Parkin, F**k It: The Ultimate Spiritual Way|The problem for a lot of people is that they don't really know what they want. They have vague desire: to 'do something creative' or to earn more money or 'to be free', but they can't really pin down what it is precisely that they want. So they drift from one thing to another, enjoying some moments and hating others, but never really finding fulfillment or success. (..)This is why it's hard to lead a successful life (whatever that means to you) when you don't know what you want.
Dale Carnegie|Flaming enthusiasm, backed by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
Zig Ziglar|Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. If we do our best, we are a success.
Mia Hamm|Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don't settle for them.
Ben Sweetland|Success is a journey, not a destination.
Betty Friedan|You can have it all, just not all at the same time.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Don't waste your time hating a failure. Failure is a greater teacher than success. Listen, learn, go on.
Anthony Robbins|Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it's something you do.
Tiger Woods|No matter how good you get you can always get better, and that's the exciting part.
Will Rodgers, The Wit and Wisdom of Will Rogers in His Own Voice|Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. 
Confucius|When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you really want to eat, keep climbing. The fruits are on the top of the tree. Stretch your hands and keep stretching them. Success is on the top, keep going.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|We set out to save the Shire, Sam and it has been saved - but not for me.
Rick Bragg|It is a common condition of being poor... you are always afraid that the good things in your life are temporary, that someone can take them away, because you have no power beyond your own brute strength to stop them.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It’s inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Constantly stopping to explain oneself may expand into a frustrating burden for the rare individual, so ceasing to do so is like finally dropping the weights and sprinting towards his goals. Those who insincerely misunderstand, who intentionally distort the motives of a pure-intentioned individual, then, no longer have the opportunity to block his path; instead, they are the ones left to stand on the sidelines shouting frustratedly in the wind of his trail.
Tennessee Williams|Then what is good? The obsessive interest in human affairs, plus a certain amount of compassion and moral conviction, that first made the experience of living something that must be translated into pigment or music or bodily movement or poetry or prose or anything that's dynamic and expressivee--that's what's good for you if you're at all serious in your aims. William Saroyan wrote a great play on this theme, that purity of heart is the one success worth having. "In the time of your life--live!" That time is short and it doesn't return again. It is slipping away while I write this and while you read it, the monosyllable of the clock is Loss, loss, loss, unless you devote your heart to its opposition.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Participate in your own dreams, don’t just say what you want or complain about what you don’t have.
Christy Raedeke, The Daykeeper's Grimoire|...If there is no risk, there is no reward.
Jill Shalvis, The Sweetest Thing|For some unknown reason, success usually occurs in private, while failure occurs infull view.
Conrad Hilton|Success ... seems to be connected with action. Successful men keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|When you establish a destination by defining what you want, then take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination, the possibility for success is limitless and arrival at the destination is inevitable.
Karl Lagerfeld|Chanel is an institution, and you have to treat an institution like a whore – and then you get something out of her
Israelmore Ayivor|When the actions becomes frequent than the words, success becomes heavier than the dreams. Do more, say less.
Mary Kay Ash|Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, "Make me feel important." Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|According to the moral absolutism that characterizes McCandless's beliefs, a challenge in which a successful outcome is assured isn't a challenge at all.
Steve Maraboli|We may place blame, give reasons, and even have excuses; but in the end, it is an act of cowardice to not follow your dreams.
Mia Hamm|The backbone of success is...hard work, determination, good planning, and perserverence.
David D. Burns|Perfection' is man's ultimate illusion. It simply doesn't exist in the universe.... If you are a perfectionist, you are guaranteed to be a loser in whatever you do.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Interrupt your thoughts of "I should", with your action of doing.
Albert Einstein|Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|What do you think will be more effective when it comes to succeeding, believing you can or KNOWING you will? Let today be the last day you took timid steps of belief and start taking confident steps of purpose-driven knowing!
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Instead, shake things up today! Live through today. Don’t just exist through it - LIVE through it!
Will Rogers|If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.
Sri Chinmoy|If failure has the strength to turn your life into bitterness itself, then patience has the strength to turn your life into the sweetest joy. Do not surrender to fate after a single failure. Failure, at most, precedes success.
Steve Maraboli|Don't think that just because you made it to the next level that the haters and naysayers disappear. Remember, new levels bring new devils.
Jim Rohn|When you know what you want, and you want it bad enough, you'll find a way to get it.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.
Randy Komisar, The Monk and the Riddle: The Education of a Silicon Valley Entrepreneur|In theory, the risk of business failure can be reduced to a number, the probability of failure multiplied by the cost of failure. Sure, this turns out to be a subjective analysis, but in the process your own attitudes toward financial risk and reward are revealed.By contrast, personal risk usually defies quantification. It's a matter of values and priorities, an expression of who you are. "Playing it safe" may simply mean you do not weigh heavily the compromises inherent in the status quo. The financial rewards of the moment may fully compensate you for the loss of time and fulfillment. Or maybe you just don't think about it. On the other hand, if time and satisfaction are precious, truly priceless, you will find the cost of business failure, so long as it does not put in peril the well-being of you or your family, pales in comparison with the personal risks of no trying to live the life you want today.Considering personal risk forces us to define personal success. We may well discover that the business failure we avoid and the business success we strive for do not lead us to personal success at all. Most of us have inherited notions of "success" from someone else or have arrived at these notions by facing a seemingly endless line of hurdles extending from grade school through college and into our careers. We constantly judge ourselves against criteria that others have set and rank ourselves against others in their game. Personal goals, on the other hand, leave us on our own, without this habit of useless measurement and comparison.Only the Whole Life Plan leads to personal success. It has the greatest chance of providing satisfaction and contentment that one can take to the grave, tomorrow. In the Deferred Life Plan there will always be another prize to covet, another distraction, a new hunger to sate. You will forever come up short.
Rob Liano|If you think someone or something other than yourself is responsible for your happiness or success, I'd guess you're not that happy or successful.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|When you truly embrace your human impermanence you connect with the power you have, and influence you have, over the time you have.
Thomas Fowell Buxton|With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable
Tana French, Broken Harbour|I don't do that kind of negativity. If you put your energy into thinking about how much the fall would hurt, you're already halfway down.
Lights Poxlietner|You have to be uncomfortable in order to be successful, in some ways. If you stay in your comfort zone! You would never do the things that you need to do.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Rise to the challenge of bringing your dreams to life! Do not be discouraged by resistance, be nourished by it. Success is the experience of rising to the level of your true greatness.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|I will eliminate hatred, envy, jealousy, selfishness, and cynicism, by developing love for all humanity, because I know that a negative attitude toward others can never bring me success. I will cause others to believe in me, because I will believe in them, and in myself.
Chris Brady|No guts, no story.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Although goals are important, having a plan of action is vital to the success of those goals. Having a goal with no plan of action is like wanting to travel to a new destination without having a map.
Benjamin Franklin|The way to wealth is as plain as the way to market. It depends chiefly on two words, industry and frugality: that is, waste neither time nor money, but make the best use of both. Without industry and frugality nothing will do, and with them everything.
Jimmy Carter, Our Endangered Values: America's Moral Crisis|I believe that anyone can be successful in life, regardless of natural talent or the environment within which we live. This is not based on measuring success by human competitiveness for wealth, possessions, influence, and fame, but adhering to God's standards of truth, justice, humility, service, compassion, forgiveness, and love.
Joe Strummer|People can change anything they want to, and that means everything in the world. 
David Brent|If at first you don't succeed, remove all evidence you ever tried. 
Leighton Meester|Success to me is being happy, truly fulfilled, being proud of myself, and doing different things all the time.
Jonathan Tropper, This is Where I Leave You|If at first you don't succeed, lower you expectations
Chris Hadfield, An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth|Early success is a terrible teacher. You're essentially being rewarded for a lack of preparation, so when you find yourself in a situation where you must prepare, you can't do it. You don't know how.
Portia de Rossi, Unbearable Lightness: A Story of Loss and Gain|I don't know where this pressure came from. I can't blame my parents because it has always felt internal. Like any other parent, my mother celebrated the A grades and the less-than-A grades she felt there was no need to tell anybody about. But not acknowledging the effort that ended in a less than perfect result impacted me as a child. If I didn't win, then we wouldn't tell anyone that I had even competed to save us the embarrassment of acknowledging that someone else was better. Keeping the secret made me think that losing was something to be ashamed of, and that unless I was sure I was going to be the champion there was no point in trying. And there was certainly no point to just having fun.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|When you experience a negative circumstance or event, do not dwell on it. Be proactive — put your attention on what you need to do to bring the situation to a positive result.
Winston S. Churchill|It's no use saying, "We are doing our best." You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
Walter Pater, The Renaissance: Studies in Art and Poetry|To burn always with this hard gemlike flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.
Shannon A. Thompson, Seconds Before Sunrise|Remember how far you’ve come, and you won’t have to rely on a destiny for your future. It will come on your own.
Karl Lagerfeld|The French say you get hungry when you’re eating, and I get inspired when I’m working. It’s my engine
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If at first you don’t succeed, you’re doing it wrong. Learn from the experience. Try again, but with a different approach.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you… and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you happen to life… and you lead.
Bobby Orr|There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Success has always been the greatest liar - and the "work" itself is a success; the great statesman, the conqueror, the discoverer is disguised by his creations, often beyond recognition; the "work," whether of the artist or the philosopher, invents the man who has created it, who is supposed to have create it; "great men," as they are venerated, are subsequent pieces of wretched minor fiction
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|It is important that when we make a resolution, or establish a goal, that we take the ACTION necessary to accomplish that goal.
Denis Waitley|You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes.
Gregory J. Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart: The Power of Boundless Compassion|Success and failure, ultimately, have little to do with living the gospel. Jesus just stood with the outcasts until they were welcomed or until he was crucified — whichever came first.
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed|In a situation of manipulation, the Left is almost always tempted by a “quick return to power,” forgets the necessity of joining with the oppressed to forge an organization, and strays into an impossible “dialogue” with the dominant elites. It ends by being manipulated by these elites, and not infrequently itself falls in an elitist game, which it calls “realism.”Manipulation, like the conquest whose objectives it serves, attempts to anesthetize the people so they will not think. For if the people join to their presence in the historical process critical thinking about that process, the threat of their emergence materializes in revolution…One of the methods of manipulation is to inoculate individuals with the bourgeois appetite for personal success. This manipulation is sometimes carried out directly by the elites and sometimes indirectly, through populist leaders.
Rudyard Kipling|We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse.
Joseph Joubert|When you go in search of honey, you must expect to be stung by bees.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Whenever you should doubt your self-worth, remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You were born a winner, a warrior, one who defied the odds by surviving the most gruesome battle of them all - the race to the egg. And now that you are a giant, why do you even doubt victory against smaller numbers and wider margins? The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If there were a master of stupidity in this world, I would really love to listen to his success story.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|If you can transcend from the dark rut of disempowered thinking to the bright light of an empowered agreement with reality, you will see opportunities not barriers. You will see the finish line, not the hurdles.
Nancy Kress, Steal Across the Sky|You think intelligence and grit can succeed by themselves, but I'm telling you that's a pretty illusion.
John Wooden, Coach Wooden's Pyramid of Success: Building Blocks for a Better Life|Remember, results aren't the criteria for success — it's the effort made for achievement that is most important.
Winston S. Churchill|Sure I am this day we are masters of our fate, that the task which has been set before us is not above our strength; that its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance. As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|You don't believe that your friend could ever do anything great. You despise yourself in secret, even – no, especially – when you stand on your dignity; and since you despise yourself, you are unable to respect your friend. You can't bring yourself to believe that anyone you have sat at table with, or shared a house with, is capable of great achievement. That is why all great men have been solitary. It is hard to think in your company, little man. One can only think 'about' you, or 'for your benefit', not 'with' you, for you stifle all big, generous ideas.
Steven Moffat|You have to take your own bold approach, and if you do you will be rewarded with success. Or calamitous failure. That can happen too.
Joe Paterno|There are many people, particularly in sports, who think that success and excellence are the same thing. They are not the same thing. Excellence is something that is lasting and dependable and largely within a person's control. In contrast, success is perishable and is often outside our control. If you strive for excellence, you will probably be successful eventually. People who put excellence in the first place have the patience to end up with success. An additional burden for the victim of the success mentality is that he is threatened by the success of others and he resents real excellence. In contrast, the person that is fascinated by quality is excited when he sees it in others.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|If you have to ask if you’ve done enough, you haven’t. Each day brings with it the opportunity to do more than you did yesterday.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|At any given point you can release your greatest self. Don’t let anyone hold you back. Don’t let anyone dilute you. Don’t be peer pressured into being less than you are. People willing to dilute themselves for the sake of others is one of the great tragedies of our time. Stop letting others define and set the pace for your life. Get out there and be your best. Do your best. Live your best. Make every day count and you’ll see how exponentially more exciting, thrilling, successful, happy and full your life will be.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To be successful, one has to be one of three bees - the queen bee, the hardest working bee, or the bee that does not fit in.
K.L. Toth|Powerful words come with powerful intent. Where you have passion, strength, courage, and determination you can accomplish anything!
Israelmore Ayivor|Once you can write an alphabet, you can write a book of 100 million pages. It's just a matter of believing it as possible, and taking the cross millimetre by millimetre.
Arundhati Roy|It is true that success is the most boring thing, it is tinny and brittle, failure runs deeper. Success is dangerous. I have a very complicated relationship with that word.
Daphne du Maurier, The "Rebecca" Notebook: And Other Memories|Living as we do in an age of noise and bluster, success is now measured accordingly. We must all be seen, and heard, and on the air.
Albert Camus|Where would his torture be, indeed, if at every step the hope of succeeding upheld him?
Timothy J. Keller, Generous Justice: How God's Grace Makes Us Just|If you have money, power, and status today, it is due to the century and place in which you were born, to your talents and capacities and health, none of which you earned. In short, all your resources are in the end the gift of God.
Unknown|If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule. NEVER TO LIE TO YOURSELF.
Helene Hanff, The Duchess of Bloomsbury Street|I tell you, life is extraordinary. A few years ago I couldn’t write anything or sell anything, I’d passed the age where you know all the returns are in, I’d had my chance and done my best and failed. And how was I to know the miracle waiting to happen round the corner in late middle age? 84, Charing Cross Road was no best seller, you understand; it didn’t make me rich or famous. It just got me hundreds of letters and phone calls from people I never knew existed; it got me wonderful reviews; it restored a self-confidence and self-esteem I’d lost somewhere along the way, God knows how many years ago. It brought me to England. It changed my life.
Lorii Myers|The power behind taking responsibility for your actions lies in putting an end to negative thought patterns. You no longer dwell on what went wrong or focus on whom you are going to blame. You don't waste time building roadblocks to your success. Instead, you are set free and can now focus on succeeding.
Chris Hardwick|No human ever became interesting by not failing. The more you fail and recover and improve, the better you are as a person. Ever meet someone who’s ALWAYS had EVERYTHING work out for them with ZERO struggle? They usually have the depth of a puddle. Or they don’t exist.
Tiger Woods|if you gone come in second, you're just the first loser!
Jim Butcher, Academ's Fury|Isana felt her throat tighten. "We failed." Serai lifted her chin and patted Isana's arm firmly."We have not yet succeeded. There is a difference.
Jennifer DeLucy|How many of us stop short of success on purpose? How many of us sabotage our own happiness because failure, while miserable, is a fear we're familiar with? Success, however, dreams come true, are a whole new kind of terrifying, an entire new species of responsibilities and disillusions, requiring a new way to think, act and become. Why do we REALLY quit? Because it's hopeless? Or because it's possible...
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Beware of those who are bitter, for they will never allow you to enjoy your fruit.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Once you understand how powerful you are within, you exponentially increase the power and potentiality of everything outside of you.
Israelmore Ayivor|You cannot score a goal when you are sitting on the bench. To do so, you have to dress up and enter the game.
Charles Luckman|Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks and courage. 
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Do the best you can, with what you can, while you can, and success in inevitable.
Julian Fellowes, Past Imperfect|Los Angeles is a town where status is all and status is only given to success. Dukes and millionaires and playboys by the dozen may arrive and be glad-handed for a time, but they are unwise if they choose to live there because the town is, perhaps even creditably, committed to recognising only professional success, and nothing else, to be of lasting value. The burdensome obligation imposed on all its inhabitants is therefore to present themselves as successes, because otherwise they forfeit their right to respect in that environment ... There is no place in that town for the "interesting failure" or for anyone who is not determined on a life that will be shaped in a upward-heading curve.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|It's neither judgment nor judgment according to the status quo that we have a problem with, but rather judgment according to God's Word that we have a problem with. We sharply dress ourselves, go out into the world, shape ourselves, our personalities according to the world's standards and preferences, allow ourselves to be made dull by the world and its desires in order to appear successful and happy and attractive in the eyes of the world. We love the world's judgment but we hate God's judgment. Absurdly enough, the one that really matters, the one out of the purest of loves rather than a mere contract in hopes of mutual gain, is the one which we so adamantly try to shut ourselves off from.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|Racing is about discipline and intelligence, not about who has the heavier foot. The one who drives smart will always win in the end.
Steve Maraboli|Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it’s something you do.
Orrin Woodward, LIFE|Success, for most people, requires unlearning as much as learning.
Charles T. Munger|To get what you want, you have to deserve what you want. The world is not yet a crazy enough place to reward a whole bunch ofundeserving people.
Johann Sebastian Bach|What I have achieved by industry and practice, anyone else with tolerable natural gift and ability can also achieve.
Gene Simmons| Before I ever knew what the word Entrepeneur was, I realized in America and in the Western part of the world in general, you are given the opportunity to be whatever you want to be. And that is all anyone should ever expect from the Capitalist system. The rest is up to you.It's up to you to educate yourself.It's up to you to learn speaking skills and people skills.It's up to you to try (and usually fail, but to try again) all sorts of ventures.The rest is a combination of hard work, being at the right place ...at the right time...with the right thing...oh yes...and more (never ending) hard work.
A.L. Kennedy|Have more humility. Remember you don't know the limits of your own abilities. Successful or not, if you keep pushing beyond yourself, you will enrich your own life – and maybe even please a few strangers.
Josh Billings|Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|If we are looking for insurance against want and oppression, we will find it only in our neighbors' prosperity and goodwill and, beyond that, in the good health of our worldly places, our homelands. If we were sincerely looking for a place of safety, for real security and success, then we would begin to turn to our communities - and not the communities simply of our human neighbors but also of the water, earth, and air, the plants and animals, all the creatures with whom our local life is shared.(pg. 59, "Racism and the Economy")
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Never allow your desires to lead you away from God; allow nothing else to control you other than God and His Word. No matter what you see or pass through, don’t allow them to define you.
Charles F. Glassman|When your intentions are pure, so too will be your success.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|The key to flow is to pursue an activity for its own sake, not for the rewards it brings.
Isra|Do not let your good ideas to spend your brain energy, do it with all the effort because the shadow of the success can become a reality only with hard work.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Discovering While Doing Is Natural...But,Doing Immediately After Discovering Is The Attitude of Winners!
Derrick A. Bell, Ethical Ambition: Living a Life of Meaning and Worth|We live in a system that espouses merit, equality, and a level playing field, but exalts those with wealth, power, and celebrity, however gained.
Charles Colton|When we fail, our pride supports us, and when we succeed it betrays us.
Robert W. Service|No man can be a failure if he thinks he's a success; If he thinks he is a winner, then he is.
Will Rogers|Even if you are on the right track, but just sit there, you will still get run over.
Karl Lagerfeld|For me, Chanel is like music. There are certain notes and you have to make another tune with them
Eloise Ristad|When we give ourselves permission to fail..we at the same time, give ourselves permission to excel.
Biz Stone|Timing, perseverance, and ten years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Before you were born, and were still too tiny for the human eye to see, you won the race for life from among 250 million competitors. And yet, how fast you have forgotten your strength, when your very existence is proof of your greatness.
Anamika Mishra|If you won’t trust yourself, nobody else will.
Epictetus, Enchiridion and Selections from the Discourses|The condition and characteristic of an uninstructed person is this: he never expects from himself profit (advantage) nor harm, but from externals. The condition and characteristic of a philosopher is this: he expects all advantage and all harm from himself.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Credentials are like potential energy, the compliments of a name on paper, in documents, word of mouth, but faith is like kinetic energy, the motion and the force that which is witnessed. Hence in the end it is the faith rather than the credentials that really takes you places.
Ogwo David Emenike, The Fortune in Failing: Decoding the Message of Failure|If your failure is not a lesson, it's indeed a failure.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|If you find yourself drawn to an event against all logic, go. The universe is telling you something.
Toni Sorenson|Success goes to the ones who do. Get up. Show up. Throw up if you have to. Do it afraid, but do it no matter.
Toni Sorenson|How we feel is not who we are. We might feel like failures, but as long as we are still trying, we are not failures. We are works in progress.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Beware of those who criticize you when you deserve some praise for an achievement, for it is they who secretly desire to be worshiped.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|For the rest of history, for most of us, our bright promise will always fall short of being actualised; it will never earn us bountiful sums of money or beget exemplary objects or organisations....Most of us stand poised at the edge of brilliance, haunted by the knowledge of our proximity, yet still demonstrably on the wrong side of the line, our dealings with reality undermined by a range of minor yet critical psychological flaws (a little too much optimism, an unprocessed rebelliousness, a fatal impatience or sentimentality). We are like an exquisite high-speed aircraft which for lack of a tiny part is left stranded beside the runway, rendered slower than a tractor or a bicycle.
Taylor Swift|As much as I would really like to have saved myself heartache, embarrassment or gossip, I also know that my biggest mistakes have turned into my best lessons. And sometimes my greatest career triumphs. If my life had been turbulence-free, maybe my music would be beige, maybe the stadiums wouldn’t be full and the mantle would be a little more empty.
David Mamet, The Secret Knowledge: On the Dismantling of American Culture|Society functions in a way much more interesting than the multiple-choice pattern we have been rewarded for succeeding at in school. Success in life comes not from the ability to choose between the four presented answers, but from the rather more difficult and painfully acquired ability to formulate the questions.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!
James Kennedy|As an Odd-Fish, it is not my job to be right,' said Sir Oort. 'It is my job to be wrong in new and exciting ways.
Robert Arnot|Be aware that how you feel has a direct impact on your thinking process. When we set standards for ourselves they seem objective, but standards and goal-setting are totally subjective and personal." From The Biology of Success.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|And for all those years, we never talked about the disaster at the recital or my terrible accusations afterward at the piano bench. All that remained unchecked, like a betrayal that was now unbreakable. So I never found a way to ask her why she had hoped something so large that failure was inevitable. And even worse, I never asked her what frightened me the most: Why had she given up hope?
Shannon L. Alder|If life didn’t give you at least one person not wanting you to succeed then half of us would lose are motivation to climb that cliff, in order to prove them wrong.
Tim Fargo|Opportunity doesn't make appointments, you have to be ready when it arrives.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|Success is realising the true joy and wonder of life can only be yours if you follow your own intuition, aiming to achieve your bliss.
Bryant McGill|Ambition is not what a man would do, but what a man does, for ambition without action is fantasy.
Israelmore Ayivor|Some people have just rented your body to live in it for sometime and depart. Others consider you as a permanent residence to dwell in forever. Which ever, you must remember to accommodate all those who want to be accommodated. Be each other's keeper
Erin McCarthy, Hot Finish|And the thing is, we can’t fail. We’ve already hit the bottom and come out of it. From here on out, if we just love and listen, we can’t go wrong, babe.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|But in the military you don't get trusted positions just because of your ability. You also have to attract the notice of superior officers. You have to be liked. You have to fit in with the system. You have to look like what the officers above you think that officers should look like. You have to think in ways that they are comfortable with.The result was that you ended up with a command structure that was top-heavy with guys who looked good in uniform and talked right and did well enough not to embarrass themselves, while the really good ones quietly did all the serious work and bailed out their superiors and got blamed for errors they had advised against until they eventually got out.That was the military.
François-René de Chateaubriand|A master in the art of living draws no sharp distinction between her work and her play; her labor and her leisure; her mind and her body; her education and her recreation. She hardly knows which is which. She simply pursues her vision of excellence through whatever she is doing, and leaves others to determine if she is working or playing. To herself, she always appears to be doing both.
Lionel Suggs|Those who reach for the Sun, usually drop the world.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|Success and failure come and go, but don't let them define you. It's who you are that matters.
Kanye West|Unbreakable, would you thought they called me Mr. GlassLook back on my life like the ghost of Christmas pastToys R Us where I used to spend that Christmas cashAnd I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kidSwear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I didBut I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumphMake music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire
Abraham Lincoln|That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|So, I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|It may take little time to get where you want to be, but if you pause and think for a moment, you will notice that you are no longer where you were. Do not stop—keep going.
Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World|My dreams are worthless, my plans are dust, my goals are impossible.All are of no value unless they are followed by action.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Success is a decision, not a gift.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|For some people, their fear to lose is greater than their desire to succeed, so they end up doing nothing and their dreams become impossible.
Richard P. Denney|I believe that everyone should have a dream and believe in it. Make it real, bring it to life. You'll never regret trying. Trying is what strengthens your heart and delivers courage. Once you believe in yourself, nothing can stop you.
John Wyndham, The Day of the Triffids|We all have our youthful follies, embarassing to recall -- but people somehow find it hard to dismiss as a youthful folly anything that has happened to be a financial success.
Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success|When the awareness of what is achievable brushes your life, your journey has begun.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.
Christian Nestell Bovee|A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Whose Body?|The really essential factors of success in any undertaking are money and opportunity, and as a rule, the man who can make the first can make the second.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|My life changed the day I moved beyond just wishing for things and I started earning them. That is the day I learned that we don't get what we wish for, we get what we work for.
Stella Oladiran, Winning Formulas|Friendship is not by force but by choice.You can never please everybody, he who aims to please everybody will end up pleasing nobody.
Israelmore Ayivor|Yes, a deep lesson from the postage stamp. It attaches itself to a moveable material, the envelope and gets going. A good relationship keeps you going forward; a bad one keeps you static. Attach yourself to someone who is also going forward and you will also get there.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|When you know you can do something, and you feel good about yourself, you do not have to devalue others.
Ryan Lilly|Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I'd rather strive for the kind of interview where instead of me asking to introduce myself to society, society asks me to introduce myself to society.
Rob Liano|If all the world's a stage, I suggest you start performing at your best.
Ogwo David Emenike, The Fortune in Failing: Decoding the Message of Failure|The greatest reward for a man's failure is not necessarily the consequent success, but what he becomes by it.
Lionel Suggs|Sometimes, you have to step into oblivion, in order to paint success.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Cultivate an optimistic mind, use your imagination, always consider alternatives, and dare to believe that you can make possible what others think is impossible.
Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World|Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats. Yet each struggle, each defeat, sharpens your skills and strengths, your courage and your endurance, your ability and your confidence and thus each obstacle is a comrade-in-arms forcing you to become better... or quit. Each rebuff is an opportunity to move forward; turn away from them, avoid them, and you throw away your future.
Mike  Norton, White Mountain|The true measure of a man is not what he dreams, but what he aspires to be; a dream is nothing without action. Whether one fails or succeeds is irrelevant; all that matters is that there was motion in his life. That alone affects the world.
Michelle Sagara West, Cast In Courtlight|Success and failure are two edges of the same blade, two sides of the same coin. To fear one is to forever deny the possibility of the other.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts; it gives you what you demand with your actions. In essence, you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE.
Alain de Botton|If one felt successful, there'd be so little incentive to be successful.
Therone Shellman|It's not so much what you accomplish. But what's more important is how far you've come to accomplish what you have.Success is the measure of not mere achievement, but also how hard one had to work.
Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, The Story of Avis|Success for a woman means absolute surrender, in whatever direction. Whether she paints a picture, or loves a man, there is no division of labor possible in her economy. To the attainment of any end worth living for, a symmetrical sacrifice of her nature is compulsory upon her.
Brian Tracy|The essence of a successful business is really quite simple. It is your ability to offer a product or service that people will pay for at a price sufficiently above your costs, ideally three or four or five times your cost, thereby giving you a profit that enables you to buy and to offer more products and services.
Chiranjit Paul|hard work + smart work = eye caching success, shortcut is not ever
William Hazlitt|the old maxim... "there are three things necessary to success in life--Impudence! Impudence! Impudence!
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Destiny, Talent, Calling, purpose. each of us came with our Talents, Purpose and Calling. What you do with them is the summary of your life here on earth.
Nelson Bunker Hunt|To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.
José Ortega y Gasset|We do not live to think, but, on the contrary, we think in order that we may succeed in surviving.
Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle|It was ironic, but when you scratched the surface, most successful men were working for one thing only--to retire--and the sooner the better. Whereas women were the complete opposite. She had never heard a woman say she was working so she could retire to a desert island or to live on a boat. It was probably, she thought, because most women didn't think they deserved to do nothing.
Mary Lydon Simonsen, The Perfect Bride for Mr. Darcy|‎Determination, effort, and practice are rewarded with success.
John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent|Strength and success - they are above morality, above criticism. It seems, then, that it is not what you do, but how you do it and what you call it. Is there a check in men, deep in them, that stops or punishes? There doesn't seem to be. The only punishment is for failure. In effect no crime is committed unless a criminal is caught.
Karl Lagerfeld|Success nullifies. You then have to do it again, preferably differently
Marilyn Suttle|When you’re busy, avoid taking the quickest action. Instead make the extra effort to truly serve the customer.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|There are three qualities that every individual must have to achieve success: a Monk’s patience, a Warrior’s courage, a Child’s imagination.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly|In Paris, where raillery is so quick to throw emotion out the window, silence, in a roomful of clever people after a story, is the most flattering of all marks of success
Gabriel Wilson|Success certainly isn’t achievement of popularity. Success in God’s kingdom is loving God, loving one another, and being faithful to what He’s called us to do.
Jonathan Carroll, White Apples|If you are a success in life, there are places you must go and pay to be humiliated. It is an unwritten law that human beings must be tormented throughout their lives in one way or another. If you are fortunate enough to have risen to a social level where no one does it to you for free, then you must pay for the service. 
Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace|You have had many successes, and you have earned the right to be respected.
Shannon Drake, Reckless|I am learning, and I believe I shall do quite well.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|Every man has a specific skill, whether it is discovered or not, that more readily and naturally comes to him than it would to another, and his own should be sought and polished. He excels best in his niche - originality loses its authenticity in one's efforts to obtain originality.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The ultimate story of success: When a nobody, who has never once in his entire life known the feeling of being remembered or respected, suddenly snaps and becomes a world dictator. On one hand it sounds just, but on the other, it illustrates the reason why a prosperity message has and needs its limitations.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|You know you made it, when your friends tell their friends that you are their friend.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|You know you made it, when people you know, tell people they know, that you know them.
Julian Pencilliah|If you're always following the crowd, you will never truly know who you are. Walk your own path.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Not every hen lay eggs. Not every hen that lays eggs gets them hatched. Not everyone born with greatness becomes as such. Go, hatch your eggs.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Real success is not rooted in positions, places or possessions, but in fulfilment of God's purposes for our lives.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|Even if you do nothing, say nothing and be nothing, there will still be many who will criticise you. It is much better to be criticised for success than be condemned for failures because success rids you of the many miseries of life.
Epictetus|You only have to doze a moment, and all is lost. For ruin and salvation both have their source inside you.
Confucius, The Analects|If a craftsman wants to do good work, he must first sharpen his tools.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|One may not always know his purpose until his only option is to monopolize in what he truly excels at. He grows weary of hearing the answer 'no' time and time again, so he turns to and cultivates, monopolizes in his one talent which others cannot possibly subdue. Then, beyond the crowds of criticism and rejection, the right people recognize his talent - among them he finds his stage.
Mollie Marti|Listen for the call of your destiny, and when it comes, release your plans and follow.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|The secret code of success is patience,a virtue that can not be replaced. It takes time to build great dreams.
Mollie Marti|Integrity is a powerful force, keeping you alive to others long after you’ve left their presence.
Scott Edmund Miller|Whether you dance, draw, make music, shoot field goals, build houses, tune engines, or sit around all day watching television, you are an artist. Your single greatest work of art is your self. As with any art form, the more you understand and develop your talents, the more empowered and masterful you become as an artist. This is particularly important when engaging in the art of consciously shaping your own life.
Walter Knott|I would hesitate to use the word 'success' in the way many people do. I don't know that I would apply it to what I've done as though I have now reached the ultimate goal. To me success is a continuing thing. It is growth and development. It is achieving one thing and using that as a stepping stone to achieve something else. Success comes as you have confidence in yourself. Self-confidence is built by succeeding, even if the success is small. It is the believing that makes it possible.
Ogwo David Emenike, The Fortune in Failing: Decoding the Message of Failure|The mind is the mine of man, wherein he digs out good or evil.
Rensis Likert|The greater the loyalty of a group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.
Tommy Newberry, Success is Not an Accident: Change Your Choices Change Your Life|If you want to lead an extraordinary life, find out what the ordinary do–and don't do it.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.
Julien Smith, The Flinch|Success works as a cycle - growth and contraction, balancing and unbalancing - all while you're encountering hurdles that get higher and higher over time.
Julien Smith|Getting lost is not fatal. Almost every time, it will make your world.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|We are pathfinders on a mission, Beholders following the Light, Runners gunning for the prize and Fighters remaining focused...You have been described, do not accept any other description!
Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows|I wokeup in morning and saw, world has move on
Howlin' Wolf|I couldn't do no yodelin', so I turned to howlin'. And it's done me just fine.
Arthur Lydiard|If you want to be a successful runner, you have to consider everything. It's no good just thinking about endurance and not to develop fine speed.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|Philosophy, art, politics, religion and bohemia have never sought to do away entirely with the status hierarchy; they have attemptee, rather, to institute new kinds of hierarchies based on sets of values unrecognised by, and critical of, those of the majority.. They have provided us with persuasive and consoling reminders that there is more than one way of succeeding in life.
Tom Robbins|It is questionable, for that matter, whether success is an adequate response to life. Success can eliminate as many options as failure.
David J. Schwartz|Whoever is under a man's power is under his protection, too.
Christian A. Dumais|So here I am with this double life, one where my grammatically incorrect writing is a nice success with tens of thousands of readers, and another one where my carefully written books are read by a dozen people.
Lee Iacocca|Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then...do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.
Victoria Addino|Never sit back and wait for a opportunity to find you, get up and search for one, it exists find it!
Marcel Benabou, Why I Have Not Written Any of My Books|As a child, at the age when others promise to be Chateaubriand or nothing, I had written that I would be myself or nothing. I had certainly not foreseen that one day I would find myself in the position of being both myself and nothing. 65
Monty Hall|Actually, I'm an overnight success. But it took twenty years.
Susan C. Young|Did you once have a grand plan which has become obsolete and no longer serves you? If there are areas in your life which must change to help you create better results, a redesign may be in order. Consider going back to the ‘drawing board’ to deconstruct what isn’t working and start anew.
Susan C. Young|Be a life-long learner. Whether you are seeking to achieve peace and harmony, learn a new technology to do your work faster, or design a strategy to blow your competitors out of the water, retraining is a pivotal way to strengthen your knowledge and realize your goals
Susan C. Young|There will be times in your life when things simply have to be replaced because they are tired, broken, worn out, harmful, outdated, or irrelevant. Take an inventory of the things that no longer serve your best and highest good so you can replace them with things which do.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|Small shifts in your thinking, and small changes in your energy, can lead to massive alterations of your end result.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|I was free with every road as my home. No limitations and no commitments. But then summer passed and winter came and I fell short for safety. I fell for its spell, slowly humming me to sleep, because I was tired and small, too weak to take or handle those opinions and views, attacking me from every angle. Against my art, against my self, against my very way of living. I collected my thoughts, my few possessions and built isolated walls around my values and character. I protected my own definition of beauty and success like a treasure at the bottom of the sea, for no one saw what I saw, or felt the same as I did, and so I wanted to keep to myself. You hide to protect yourself.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Success needs vision to see, passion to transcend, patience to withstand and the character to overcome failures.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|The tower of success stands on the pillars of vision, action, patience and the character to withstand criticisms.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you — envy, jealousy, and resentment may put out your flame before it grows.
Joanie Connell, Flying Without a Helicopter: How to Prepare Young People for Work and Life|No matter how you define success, you will need to be resilient, empowered, authentic, and limber to get there.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|You got to insist on your success, resist every obstacle and persist in times of difficulty and you will get there.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Gloating is a superficial glowing, floating is an idle flowing, and bloatedness is the paralysis of blowing up; because silent movement results in loud victories.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Winners were not born winners; they learnt and practiced how to win and they have it! Everyone who gives a great testimony about his/her life begins with a beginning that was "inadequate" until something happened... an a breakthrough became evident!
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Don’t aim at success—the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it.
Confucius, The Analects|If you want to make a stand, help others make a stand, and if you want to reach your goal, help others reach their goal. Consider yourself and treat others accordingly: this is the method of Humanity.
Lemony Snicket|If you work hard, and become successful, it does not necessarily mean you are successful because you worked hard, just as if you are tall with long hair it doesn't mean that you would be a midget if you were bald.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Who dare tries is a success, and shall master the art of conquering dreams.
Emi Iyalla|To succeed in this competition means finding yourself in a place where you call the shots and get the gains. This is not an easy feat, unless you are born into it. if you are not, you will need to out-smart your equals. You need to be more ambitious than they are. You need to work harder. You need to look better and smarter. You need to justify why it should be you and not them. It’s a competition.
Ahmed Alibage|As long as we consider failure as an option, success is not going to be the only one choice.
Confucius, The Analects|The noble-minded worry about their lack of ability, not about people’s failure to recognize their ability.
Dejan Stojanovic|Busy with the ugliness of the expensive success We forget the easiness of free beautyLying sad right around the corner, Only an instant removed, Unnoticed and squandered.
David Weber, Ashes of Victory|This just gets worse and worse," Rob Pierre sighed as he skimmed Leonard Boardman's synopsis of his latest gleanings from the Solarian League reporters covering the PRH. "How can one person—one person, Oscar!—do this much damage? She's like some damned elemental force of nature!""Harrington?" Oscar Saint-Just quirked an eyebrow and snorted harshly at Pierre's nodded confirmation."She's just happened to be in the right places—or the wrong ones, I suppose, from our perspective—for the last, oh, ten years or so. That's the official consensus from my analysts, at least. The other theory, which seems to have been gaining a broader following of late, is that she's in league with the Devil.
Marc Maron, Attempting Normal|Some of you may be perfectly happy with mediocrity. Some of you will get nothing but heartbreak. Some of you will be heralded as geniuses and become huge. Of course, all of you think that one describes you...hence the delusion necessary to push on.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Giving is the master key to success, in all applications of human life.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|COMPETITOR is one who can steal a few deals, but, the pinch of which, A VISIONARY Never feels...!
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days, you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|No matter how loud the sirens or how numerous the hazard signs, we all touch the flames at least once to prove they're hot.
Robert A. Schuller|Success is Never Ending, Failure Is Never Final.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|You mark and celebrate errors, transforming failures into successes.
Dag Ekeberg, Missing in Thailand|Everybody achieves success in life—a blessed few early in their careers, the rest of us when we lower our standards
Sanjeev Murukan|Nothing is impossible, Everything should be possible when we trying for achieve the goal
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Result of HARDWORK Is Neither Friends Nor Enemy,To the AGE Of the ACHIEVER!
Sakshi Chetana, How to be Successful: Powerful Lessons for Success|Success is not only a goal. It is a journey. When you commit yourself to the journey, the goal is surely there to be attained.
Pablo|There is a funny story I always tell my students...when I came for the first time to the US. I didn’t speak English (Only Spanish) & I saw on every door the word “exit” which in Spanish means Success = Exito. And then I said :”No wonder Americans are winners ,every door they take leads to success” ~smile :)
Mollie Marti|Lineage, personality, and environment may shape you, but they do not define your full potential.
Malcolm Gladwell, Outliers: The Story of Success|The people who stand before kings may look like they did it all by themselves. But in fact they are invariably the beneficiaries of hidden advantages and extraordinary opportunities and cultural legacies that allow them to learn and work hard and make sense of the world in ways others cannot. It makes a difference where and when we grew up. The culture we belong to and the legacies passed down by our forebears shape the patterns of our achievements in ways we cannot begin to imagine. It's not enough to ask what successful people are like, in other words. It is only by asking where they are from that we can unravel the logic behind who succeeds and who doesn't.
Nur Sakinah Thomas|True success is a silence inner process that can empower the mind, heart and soul through strong aspiration for great achievement.
Anthony Powell, The Kindly Ones|An exceedingly well-informed report,' said the General. 'You have given yourself the trouble to go into matters thoroughly, I see. That is one of the secrets of success in life.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It is easier for one to take risks and to chase his dreams with a mindset that he has nothing to lose. In this lies the immense passion, the great advantage of avoiding a materialistic, pleasure-filled way of life.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|A strong man does not succumb to pressures, he knows that without pressures he will not find pleasures and so he will not be made.
Eiji Yoshikawa, Musashi|it is easy to surpass a predecessor, but difficult to avoid being surpassed by a successor.
Ogwo David Emenike|Patience and persistence are the keys... The keys to unlock doors of success... With these two virtues, you grow in reasoning and experience.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|The quest for a lost city erodes your body, damaging you beyond all reason. But it is your mind that bears the heaviest toll. Listen to the doubters, the worriers and the weak, and the vaguest hope of success evaporates.
George P. Shultz|The minute you start talking about what you’re going to do if you lose, you have lost.
Scott Edmund Miller|Human beings have an extraordinary capacity to imagine possibilities and then turn those possibilities into realities. Evident in the gifts of civilization—in our arts, languages, sciences, technologies, businesses, governments, and so on—it is clear that we are a profoundly creative species. Yet many of us only access a smidgen of our creativity.
John Milton Lawrence|The way to achieve your goals is step by step, you just need to build enough track, to be ahead of the train." ~ John Milton Lawrence
Mehmet Murat ildan|On the road to success, even little stones may cause you fall down! If you are not serious and careful, forget about reaching your target!
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|It doesn't matter how wealthy you may be in material things, what matters is do you know what to do with those wealth?
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Yes, all you need do is to change your orientation and have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ that He can make you whole, change your status, and add value to your destiny.
Erin Kissane, The Elements of Content Strategy|Try to turn as many soft, aspirational goals as possible into success criteria, and make them specific enough that you can actually tell whether or not you've met them.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Set out time to worship God in your closet, give Him quality praise and watch Him raise you.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|There are three types of people in this world. Firstly, there are people who make things happen. Then there are people who watch things happen. Lastly, there are people who ask, what happened? Which do you want to be?
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Too often, people get stuck in a state of over-thinking, the result is that they never reach a decision.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|If obstacles are large, jump higher.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Share your aspirations only with those who will support you, not those who will respond with doubt or lack of interest.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Act like a champion, and then become one.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|If not now, when?
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|If you want to continue to be the best in the world, then you have to train and compete like you are second best in the world.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Nothing could be any worse than having to turn to your friends, your colleagues and your loved ones and say –‘I gave up too soon’.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|It is one thing to know what should be done, it is another to do it.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|If not you, who?
Rana Dasgupta|(Ulrich, 100 year old Bulgarian man): in Solo, by Rana Dasgupta"Ulrich has sometimes wondered whether his life has been a failure. Once he would have looked at all this and said yes. But now he does not know what it means for a life to succeed or fail. How can a dog fail its life, or a tree? A life is just a quantity; and he can no more see failure in it than he can see failure in a pile of earth, or a bucket of water. Failure and success are foreign terms to such blind matter." (p. 160)
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|See it, feel it, trust it!
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Just identify the very first physical action you need to take, and do it.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|You have to create your self-belief by going to your core to find the probable reasons for the negativity in you, and then demolish them.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|If you are able to focus unswervingly on your goals, then all that you desire will become yours.
Kristi Bowman|The more we see ourselves as a vibrant, successful, inspiring person who boldly declares and manifests her vision, the more we become just that.
Randy Gage|People think that the opposite of success is failure, but it's not. Failure is part of the process of success.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|See it first in your mind, then become it.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|When you think a positive thought, you become positive.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|The way forward is to stop pestering yourself for answers and let it, the creative part of your mind, come up with the solution when the time is right.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Although you can’t go back in time and alter your natural level of potential, you can determine how much of that ability you tap into, exploit and develop for the future.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|If you decide not to take action, you are going to fail, and even if you do take action, if you can’t keep up your motivation, you will simply end up back where you started.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated|Be confident in your approach to success in having a better future. Take risks, try new things, become diligent, and find new techniques because in the end you will develop a compelling emotional element.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|To deliver your own personal maximum, you’ll realise there are no shortcuts; if you want to be a champion it is all about rolling your sleeves up and getting stuck in.
Moss Hart, Act One|The only credential the city asked was the boldness to dream. For those who did, it unlocked its gates and its treasures, not caring who they were or where they came from.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|The library is full of stories of supposed triumphs which makes me very suspicious of it. It's misleading for people to read about great successes, since even for middle-class and upper-class white people, in my experience, failure is the norm
John Powell, Will the Real Me Please Stand Up?: 25 Guidelines for Good Communication|When Marconi suggested the possibility of wireless transmission of sound (the radio),he was committed to a mental institution. But people like Lincoln, Edison, and Marconi were strongly motivated. So they didn't give up. They somehow knew that the only real failure is the one from which we learn nothing. They seemed to go on the assumption that there is no failure greater than the failure of not trying, and so they continued to try in the face of repeated failures.
Clarence Darrow, The Story of My Life|Some false representations contravene the law; some do not. ... The sensibilities of no two men are the same. Some would refuse to sell property without carefully explaining all about its merits and defects, and putting themselves in the purchasers' place and inquiring if he himself would buy under the circumstances. But such men never would be prosperous merchants.
Scott Cherney|At this rate, I'm still going to be aspiring by the time I'm expiring.
Jared Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed|Many of our problems are broadly similar to those that undermined ... Norse Greenland, and that many other past societies also struggled to solve. Some of those past societies failed (like the Greenland Norse) and others succeeded ... The past offers us a rich database from which we can learn in order that we may keep on succeeding.
Ian Fleming, Doctor No|If you fail at the large things it means you have not large ambitions. Concentration, focus - that is all. The aptitudes come, the tools forge themselves.
John Grisham, The Testament|He'd had his career, his triumphs. Success had brought him nothing but misery; he couldn't handle it. Success had thrown him in the gutter
Randy Komisar, The Monk and the Riddle: The Education of a Silicon Valley Entrepreneur| We may well discover that the business failure we avoid and the business success we strive for do not lead us to personal success at all. Most of us have inherited notions of "success" from someone else or have arrived at these notions by facing a seemingly endless line of hurdles extending from grade school through college and into our careers. We constantly judge ourselves against criteria that others have set and rank ourselves against others in their game. 
Pamela Glass Kelly, From Inspiration to Publication: How to Succeed as a Children's Writer: Advice from 15 Award Winning Writers|Whatever beginning goals you set for yourself, following through on them will build momentum and a sense of achievement and those small success will point the way to bigger ones
Rana Dasgupta, Solo|How many stopped-up men and women does it take to produce one Einstein? Ten? A thousand? A hundred thousand? ... So this is what Einstein meant when he looked me in the eye that day and said, I would be nothing without you. It was not success he saw written in my face. He saw, rather, that I would never accomplish anything at all.
John Hanley Jr.|Cultivate your curiosity. Keep it sharp and always working. Consider curiosity your life preserver, your willingness to try something new. Second, enlarge your enthusiasm to include the pursuit to excellence, following every task through to completion. Third, make the law of averages work for you. By budgeting your time more carefully than most people you can make more time available. Does the combination of curiosity, enthusiasm, and the law of averages guarantee success Indeed it does not ... Success in the final analysis always involves luck or the element of chance. Louis Pasteur grasped this well when he said that chance favors the prepared mind.
John  Dalton|If I have succeeded better than many who surround me, it has been chiefly - may I say almost solely - from universal assiduity.
David S. Mark|Failure are given power, not success ..
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|A great deal of success in life depends on the relationship you have with yourself, your partner and your money.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|Learning, empowering, studying, practicing, and not repeating the same mistakes will help you move forward, move up, and move on to where you want to be.
Dr. Dragos, Engineering Success: The True Meaning of Leadership and Team Building|Social context and NOT individual abilities drives performance, success or failure of a team or a project.
Dr. Dragos, Engineering Success: The True Meaning of Leadership and Team Building|When you address and acknowledge unpleasant realities, your creativity begins to soar and you come up with apparently magical solutions to problems.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Engineering Success: The True Meaning of Leadership and Team Building|People who feel excluded get angry and act out their anger in the team. No man is an island, no person can function isolated from the group. When you create a team, any kind of team, inclusion is fundamental. Without every member feeling deeply that he or she belongs to that group there is no team.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Engineering Success: The True Meaning of Leadership and Team Building|Most people accept living unhappy lives because it is the only way they know, they refuse to be open to the new emerging possibilities and refuse to make positive changes. Because they are afraid of being outside their own comfort zone and don’t risk anything, they live lives that are far less fulfilling than they could actually have.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Engineering Success: The True Meaning of Leadership and Team Building|As humans, we unconsciously embrace the group’s beliefs and behaviors without questioning them or surrender to their opinions.
Loren Weisman|Issues or fears of confrontation tend to showcase unhealthy and unprofessional communication. If you are trusting someone to tell you all the good, bad and ugly, but they only give you the good out of their fears and confrontational issues… the bad and the ugly can grow worse and worse quickly.
Charbel Tadros|When you decide to remove the word “failure” from your dictionary, it is definitely time for you to re-evaluate your definition of the word “success”. Those who found success without going through failures never found true success, only delusions.
William J. Reilly, How to Avoid Work|The future, when it comes, is just like the present. The present is all you have and the opportunity of the present is worth more than the success of the past or the promise of the future.
Diane Duane, My Enemy, My Ally|Nobody played poker with Mike Walsh--at least, not twice--but people fought to get aboard Constellation. Her command record since Mike took her was almost the equal of Enterprise's for danger, daring, and success not only snatched from the jaws of failure, but afterward used to beat failure over the head.
Charbel Tadros|A truly successful person is not one who achieves his highest ambitions, but one who enjoys helping others reach theirs.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Building something that matters is a marathon, not a sprint.
Jeff Olson, The Slight Edge: Secret to a Successful Life|You are capable of great things.Show up.Show up consistently.Show up consistently with a positive outlook.Be prepared for and committed to the long haul.Cultivate a burning desire backed by faith.Be willing to pay the price.And do the things you've committed to doing-even when you don't feel like it, even when no one else is watching.
Jeff Olson, The Slight Edge: Secret to a Successful Life|As I began examining my successes and failures, what I gradually realized was that the very same activities that had rescued me from failure, that had carried me from the failure line up to the survival line, would also rescue me from average and carry me from the survival line to the success line-IF I WOULD JUST KEEP DOING THEM.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Remember, you are not aspiring for perfection, Bombshell. You are aspiring for progress, one step at a time.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Be sure to ask for help, and vent or brag on your progress along the way.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Do your best in the day, for the day, and then work on tomorrow when it comes. Show yourself grace and laugh at yourself.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|You want to be able to say, for example, “I will know I am successful if these three things happen.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|If you cannot tie your marketing efforts to actual dollars that the electric company will accept, it’s time to adjust your plan.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|I’ve always said we can’t all experience everything, but we can all learn from each other’s experiences, making learning curves shorter and pitfalls avoidable.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Business is fluid and you can always improve and progress as your time and financial resources allow, and as your learningcurve shortens.
Ellen Rowland, Everything I Thought I Knew: An Exploration of Life and Learning|We only have one life (unless you’re a cat or a Buddhist) and it’s often dictated to us by what society tells us we should do. So we normalize and accept the paradox. We glamorize busy, but long to take a breath. We praise fat pay checks, but forget to be generous. We flaunt accumulation, but don’t use what we have. We value our diplomas, but forget how to be curious. We push a button on a treadmill that doesn’t take us anywhere as we look out at the park across the street.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|If you don’t know your tendencies and can’t analyze when you are most effective, then how can you get the most done in the least amount of time with the best results?
Steve Maraboli|There is something vibrantly beautiful, a glow, that radiates from someone who is actively moving towards their goals and dreams. I’m not sure what it is, but I know I love it, I’m attracted to it, and I surround myself with people who have it. The courageous few who dare to radiate this life essence... those are my people.
Avina Celeste|The more you tell yourself that you are trying to do something rather than telling yourself that you are doing said thing, the harder it is to have success in your attempts. By saying that you are trying to do something you are focusing on the negatives making it impossible to have a positive outcome.
Richie Norton|Work is meant to create a desired outcome. If your work is not creating the dream, what are you working on?
Lailah Gifty Akita|It does not matter how many times you fall, the most important thing is there exist grace to shake of the dirt, and pull all forces for a rise up.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With grace, you will succeed despite strong opposition.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|Marketing and promoting doesn’t come down to the likes, the pins, the plus ones, the followers, the fans, the friends, the views, or the plays online. Marketing and promoting comes down to the conversions.
Richie Norton|Where there is no integrity, there is no unity.
Jaymin Shah|No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become "Successful".
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|When something looks impossible, don’t give up without testing its impossibility
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|As you fight any war, sometimes the result may be defeat. Learn to be heroic even in your defeats.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|The average artist has a naïve, unrealistic, and disconnected view of what the music industry is, how it works, what is involved in “making it”, and what actually is happening behind the scenes. Too many artists take at face value what they see on some TV documentary or read in a fan magazine. Whether you are working with others in a band, looking to connect with a manager, an agent, a label, or an investor, or you just want to work in the industry, it is more crucial than ever to know what you are working for and toward.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The true meaning of success is not in how many times you failed because of your hindrances, but how you became a success regardless of your hindrances and failures
Avina Celeste|You can do it. That thing you just thought of, you can do it.
Avina Celeste|When your car needs gas, you go to a gas station and get back on the road. You don’t stay at the gas station for the rest of your life. Learn to rest and never to quit. Remember this while you journey through life.
Avina Celeste|If you go with the flow, life will take you where it pleases, good or bad. If you take charge and fight, you can go anywhere that you please.
Avina Celeste|If you are willing to work for it, you can obtain whatever you want. Just put in the hard work and watch everything begin to move your way.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Is there any success, without the soundness of mind?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you stop learning, you forget what you ready know.
Avina Celeste|If you want your life to be successful, you must look inward. You must change how you think before your life can change. You change your thinking. You change your actions. You change your life.
Avina Celeste|When nothing seems to be going right, take a break. Clear your head and give yourself some time to rest. Then try again. Rinse and repeat. Over and over again until you see the results you want. Take your time off as a time to change your perspective, as a time to find a solution to your problem. With hard work and dedication, any problem can be solved. Don't expect instant results with no work, expect small successes and many failures that will build up to become your dreams.
Avina Celeste|Win or lose, you are trying, that's what matters.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|Carrying someone else’s weight is only going to weigh down on you and add stress, frustration, and pain. Choose who you work with and play with wisely.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|The most devastating thing artists can do to their career is get in their own way, and way too many people do. It’s not the labels, the industry, the fans, the cities, the economy, the social media, the marketing, the promoting, the “right time,” the music, or whatever other excuse you can come up with that determines whether you succeed or you fail. It is you—no one else.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|A Bombshell wants it all, yet she is beginning to see shecan’t have it all at once.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|The concept of “work-life balance” is a fleeting idea for a Bombshell. Instead, a focus on work-life success—where her time and energy shifts based on the rotating demands of each area of her life—is far more realistic.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Sorry, Sister. You're not “normal.” You're exceptional. You're a Bombshell. If this was easy, everyone would be a successful business owner.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Success is a path of setbacks, passion, purpose and inner strength
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I hold in my hand a million ideas and more. But if I am puzzled as to why they have never leapt out of my hand and been birthed into the realities they were crafted to be, it is likely because the other hand has withheld the sacrifice that is necessary to birth an idea.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|The educators pride of their profession opens the space to more giving that knows no limitation, and it is a demand that is forced by things nature, and a logic that is required by the profession reality to every organization that wants success and chooses winning by making sure that all of their employees has this effective spirit.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|Success breeds ambition, and our recent achievements are now pushing humankind to set itself even more daring goals. Having secured unprecedented levels of prosperity, health and harmony, and given our past record and our current values, humanity’s next targets are likely to be immortality, happiness and divinity.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Don't Expect Others to Read or Hear Your Thoughts; if You Want to be Heard, Speak Up and Speak Out!
Osho|So throw off all desires, remove all the dust from your eyes, be at ease within, not longing for something, not even for God. Every longing is the same, whether for a big car, or God, or a big house, makes no difference. Longing is the same. Don’t long – just be. Don’t even look – just be! Don’t think! Let this moment be there, and you in it, and suddenly you have everything – because life is there. Suddenly everything starts showering on you, and then this moment becomes eternal and then there is no time. It is always the now. It never ends, never begins. But then you are in it, not an outsider. You have entered the whole, you have recognized who you are.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Selected Poetry|Anything in the world can be endured, except a series of wonderful days.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Don't be afraid to wake up your dream... give it a hard nudge, a toss of cold water... make it leap, make it fly. Dreams won't come to life without action.
Anita Roddick|I want to define success by redefining it. For me it isn't that solely mythical definition - glamour, allure, power of wealth, and the privilege from care. Any definition of success should be personal because it's so transitory. It's about shaping my own destiny.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|Another method of handling a perceived negative energy is to temporarily remove yourself emotionally and physically, from the situation.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Fun IP, Fundamentals of Intellectual Property|To achieve patent commercialization success, every inventor must think like a business man
Marty Rubin|Success in love is mostly luck, though we hate to admit.
Ajeet Sharma, Three Marketeers|A business is like an automobile. Its people its wheels, their passion its fuel.
Ajeet Sharma, Three Marketeers|If you lose money in business, you can still cover up the loss. If you lose time, the only thing you have by your side is wreckage.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|The ability to differentiate between life challenges and who you are at the core is everything. A failed business, relationship or dream doesn’t make you a failure as a person.
Zain Baloch|When in spotlight, you get attention of even those you don't know; When in darkness, you lose your own shadow too
Tarun Sharma|The experiences you get from failures early in life, will carry you for the rest of your life.
Richie Norton|Success is not about age, it's about action.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without failure, there is no success.
Tarun Sharma|The more risk you can take upfront in life, the better off you will be later.
Richard Hamming, The Art of Doing Science and Engineering: Learning to Learn|Vicarious learning from the experiences of others saves making errors yourself, but I regard the study of successes as being basically more important than the study of failures. There are so many ways of being wrong and so few of being right, studying successes is more efficient.
Garry Kasparov, Deep Thinking: Where Machine Intelligence Ends and Human Creativity Begins|The phrase "it's better to be lucky than good" must be one of the most ridiculous homilies ever uttered. In nearly any competitive endeavor, you have to be damned good before luck can be of any use to you at all.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|Being mad at failure and being analytical about the reason for failure are 2 different things, first reason slow us down the second will give us an extra boost to try better next time, being mad at things, people or situation is easy, the difficult part is giving your madness a method to succeed.
Tarun Sharma|Fail early, fail often.
Jan Jansen Easy Branches|Let attitude be Your determination, go for success and not for money, because success is money
Mel Robbins, The 5 Second Rule: Transform Your Life, Work, and Confidence with Everyday Courage|Start before you're ready.Don't prepare, begin.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|We feel stuck in a rut, unable to say ‘no’ to our parents, unable to put an end to their controlling behavior, unable to grab hold of our own lives, simply because we fear that we will hurt, insult, disrespect or disappoint our parents (entire families).
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|..., there are two things most important in preparing yourself for success. One is going the extra miles. Never settle for average. If other people study for one hour, study for five. If other run two kilometers, run three. If people give up in 10 seconds, don’t give up until 20. Always try to be more than ordinary...” ... “Another recipe is to never let yourself be influenced by elements outside of yourself. By anyone, anything, or any atmosphere. Meaning, don’t be sad, angry, or disappointed because of external factors. You are the ones with power over yourselves, do don’t give that power to others. Someone may hold a gun, but you have a choice, to feel fear or stand tall. You have choice, most deeply inside, and it has nothing to do with outside influence.” -101
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|So choose your mood, in even the most messed-up situation. Because you are the masters and rulers of your own hearts. And the heart that always can be controlled by its owner is the heart of successful person,” -101
Amy Poehler|You will never climb Career Mountain and get to the top and shout, ‘I made it!’ You will rarely feel done or complete or even successful. Most people I know struggle with that complicated soup of feeling slighted on one hand and like a total fraud on the other. Our ego is a monster that loves to sit at the head of the table, and I have learned that my ego is just as rude and loud and hungry as everyone else’s. It doesn’t matter how much you get; you are left wanting more. Success is filled with MSG.
Zain Baloch|When in spotlight, you get attention of even those you don't know; When you are in darkness, you lose your own shadow too
Latika Teotia|Celebrate your achievements and victories without waiting for recognition from others; after all it’s your efforts which brought that accomplishment. A flower blooms in the desert with nary a person to appreciate its beauty, yet it blossoms, spreads its fragrance and enjoys its existence. A dew drop caught on the leaf in an unexplored forest sparkles like a diamond; it doesn’t need spectators to appreciate its beauty. You shouldn’t be dependent on others to encourage you instead be your own cheer leader… Love yourself to bits.
Mel Robbins, The 5 Second Rule: Transform Your Life, Work, and Confidence with Everyday Courage|Life is not a one and done sort of deal. You've got to work for what you want.Picasso created nearly 100 masterpieces in his lifetime. But what most people don't know is that he created a total of more then 50,000 works of art. .. Thats two pieces of art a day. Success is a numbers game. You are not going to win if you keep telling yourself to wait. The more often that you choose courage, the more likely you'll succeed.
Leo Tolstoy, The Death of Ivan Ilych|At the point where he, today's Ivan Ilyich, began to emerge, all the pleasures that had seemed so real melted away now before his eyes and turned into something trivial and often disgusting.And the further he was from childhood, the nearer he got to the present day, the more trivial and dubious his pleasures appeared. It started with law school. That had retained a little something that was really good: there was fun, there was friendship, there was hope. But in the last years the good times had become more exceptional. Then, at the beginning of his service with the governor, some good times came again: memories of making love to a woman. Then it became all confused, and the good times were not so many. After that there were fewer still; the further he went the fewer there were.Marriage. . .an accident and such a disappointment, and his wife's bad breath, and all that sensuality and hypocrisy! And the deadlines of his working life, and those money worries, going on for a year, two years, ten, twenty - always the same old story. And the longer it went on the deadlier it became.'It's as if I had been going downhill when I thought I was going uphill. That's how it was. In society's opinion I was heading uphill, but in equal measure life was slipping away from me...And now it's all over. Nothing left but to die!
Mary Lamia|Procrastination should not be linked with failure, just as early action should not be tied to success.
Suzette Vearnon|If nobody else will give you a platform, build your own!
Leo Tolstoy, The Wood-Felling, The Raid, and Other Stories|I feel even more incapable of returning to Russia the same as when I left it. It's just one more of those legends in Russia, confirmed by Passek, Sleptsov and others, that one only has to come to the Caucasus to be showered with decorations. Everyone expects it of us, demands it of us. But I've been here two years, taken part in two expeditions and received nothing. For all that, I've so much pride that I won't leave this place until I'm a major, with an Anna or a Vladimir round my neck. I've reached the point where it really rankles when some Gnilokishkin is decorated and I'm not. What's more, how could I look my elder in the face again, or merchant Kotel'nikov to whom I sell grain, or my aunt in Moscow and all those fine gentlemen in Russia, if I return after two years in the Caucasus with nothing to show for it? No, I don't want to know those gentlemen and I'm sure that they couldn't care less about me. But such is man's nature that though I couldn't give a damn about them they're the reason why I'm ruining the best years of my life, my happiness and whole future.
Robert Fitzgerald, The Odyssey|Men's lives are short .The hard man and his cruelties will beCursed behind his back and mocked in death.But one whose heart and ways are kind - of himstrangers will bear report to the whole wide world,and distant men will praise him.- Penelope in Robert Fitzgerald trans. THE ODYSSEY (364)
Anthony Swofford, Jarhead : A Marine's Chronicle of the Gulf War and Other Battles|When you fail, you disgrace yourself and others. When you succeed, be proud and others will be proud for you.
Nidhal Tekaya|Life is surprises, try not to expect everything.
Rob Liano|If you have to repeatedly chase after someone when you have a great opportunity, don't bother, if they aren't responsive, they aren't the type of person who'll succeed at it anyway.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|With a well-organized life, you have a higher chance of success and excellence in your area of calling and whatever you find yourself doing.
Toni Sorenson|Sometimes the steepest, most challenging and most rewarding paths in life are not meant to be walked, but crawled.
Toni Sorenson|Where you dare to venture where you have not gone before, you will return somehow changed.
Toni Sorenson|We navigate many paths each day, but how many sooth our souls and nourish our senses? Be aware of where you walk because the path you take can change your very essence.
Toni Sorenson|The journey isn't the vista at the end, it's the ever changing view along the way.
Anthony T. Hincks|Sometimes if you want to stand out,you at first have to blend in.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you succeed in showing the real products that this disappearing life has produced, then you are said to be a winner.
Savania China|Break the rules not because you don’t know better, but because you know them too well
Anthony T. Hincks|Not all dreams are possible or realistic. When this happens you have to bade them farewell. This isn't failure, but it's a sign of maturity and learning on your part. All you need to do is rethink what you wanted to do, in the first place,and see what you can change.Then that is called determination and that, will lead to you having success.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Success is built on hard work, the right hard work itself is success.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|A point to prove is not about always being right, it’s all about exceeding the expectations, and the expectations can only be surpassed if taken as a challenge, when taken as a burden it slows down our journey to success.
Jennifer Coletta|It's not about grades, or saaviness, or sex appeal. It's all about grit. The strength of your character is the strength of your character determines your success more than anything else.
Toni Sorenson|If you do not direct your path, the world will. Don't ever let anyone make you go where you do not want to be.
Toni Sorenson|The secret is not following the right path, it's following that right path to the end. Don't quit, my friend, until you've arrived.
Toni Sorenson|You don't get strong by standing at the finish line, you get strong with every step you take to get there.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Those who work hard and constantly seek to be visible to their superiors, those who showcase their hard work, are the ones who advance to positions of greater power and responsibility.
Ronald Mapamula|Each daily task, is but the future in a mask.
Eleanor Brownn|You thought it would break you in two, but it made you twice as strong.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|The focus should be on becoming a strong andinfluential personality – cultivate compelling communication skills, focus on building trust and learn how to expand and leverage your professional network.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|In the present day corporate world, it is utmost important to build a personal brand for yourself and anyone who knows the basics of brand-building would know that it is impossible without proper self promotion!
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Move out of your comfort zone, develop those necessary skills and go all out for that much needed advancement!
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Use social events, social networks and every get-together at work to build a stronger brand YOU!
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|We experience [procrastination] as fear. But fear of what?Fear of the consequences of following our heart. Fear of bankruptcy, fear of poverty, fear of insolvency. Fear of groveling when we try to make it on our own, and of groveling when we give up and come crawling back to where we started. Fear of being selfish, of being rotten wives or disloyal husbands; fear of failing to support our families, of sacrificing their dreams for ours. Fear of betraying our race, our 'hood, our homies. Fear of failure. Fear of being ridiculous. Fear of throwing away the education, the training, the preparation that those we love have sacrificed so much for, that we ourselves have worked our butts off for. Fear of launching into the void, of hurtling too far out there; fear of passing some point of no return, beyond which we cannot recant, cannot reverse, cannot rescind, but must live with this cocked-up choice for the rest of our lives. Fear of madness. Fear of insanity. Fear of death.These are serious fears. But they're not the real fear. Not the master fear, the mother of all fears that's so close to us that even when we verbalize it we don't believe it.Fear That We Will Succeed.
Graham Greene, Travels With My Aunt|Freedom, I thought, comes only to the successful
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Before you chase success, status, power, wealth fame or love; first fall in love with yourself - for the person you'll be if and when you get there is still the same. Success will be a painful path and an empty trophy without self acceptance, self worth or if littered with self hate.
Germany Kent|When the vision is clear, the results will appear. Keep your mindset positive as you work your plan, flourish, and always remember why you started.
Amos Gideon Buba|Resources don't last forever. They must either be USED, MANAGED or they will be WASTED.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I yearn not for the easy path, but for the right path.  For 'easy' and 'right' are rarely compatible.
Michael R. Fletcher, Ghosts of Tomorrow|Take the easy road and at the end, you will feel you have achieved nothing. Try the difficult shit and you’ll enjoy your successes.
Ronald Mapamula|People are more apt to respond to crisis, than to their dreams and vision. Dare not be one of them.
Donny Ingram, Daily Thoughts for Success|Good advice for anyone wanting to make an impact with a product, a service or even a message is to differentiate yourself.
Zig Ziglar|If you don’t see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner.
Auliq Ice|If everything is possible, then it is also possible that something is impossible.
Colin Myles, Life Positioning: 27 Success habits to increase your personal value|Being able to think through and successfully execute ideas, is the gap. The gap leads to success and is so narrow, few are willing to give themselves the final push to squeeze through to the other side.
R.A.Delmonico|No matter what you want to do, you still have to start where you are.
ShahenshahHK|If you want to succeed then let go your beliefs and perceptions which are holding your success, the connection of success & failure is linked to the balance between your heart & mind, the mind might give-up on all the logical solutions, but heart will tell you to try one more time - may be differently, success is just round the corner provided the mind follows the heart’s call.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|When we face every challenge with optimism and learn to fail with our heads up, a great attitude is always success, no matter the outcome.
Gordana Biernat, #KnowTheTruth: Why Knowing Who You Are Changes Everything|When YOU choose to change, your reality must change accordingly. It simply has no other choice.
Lailah Gfty Akita|None of our achievement matters, than how we have lived our lives.
David Alejandro Fearnhead|Be nice to people on the way up. Not because you might meet them on the way back down, but.. because what's the point in going through life being a c**t to everyone
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Information is the key to success, anywhere and everywhere. Right information matters the most. This applies to your work place too.
Anamika Mishra|There is always another way, make sure you look in all directions before deciding to give up
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Understand that success is not an accident, but a planned event.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Each one of us can aspire to be on TOP simply by keeping a strict focus on Time, Objectivity and Prioritising. As simple as that!
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|They know a lot, but they don’t know everything, and they can’t advise you on anything.They can only tell you what they believe worked / or didn’t work for them.
Seema Brain Openers|When you develop yourself, you grow humanity.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|Discipline is the thing that makes you do what you might not want to, but you do it anyway because it's what you have to do in order to get what you want or desire.
Eraldo Banovac|In reality, there is no highway to success. Therefore, be prepared for difficulties.
Kevin Keenoo|Diligence without intelligence is tragedy, not success.
ShahenshahHK|If you wish to cook, the recipe for success is to follow a good chef, follow his approach & ingredients.Avoid the situation where you get convinced by the taste, but not by the approach or ingredients used; and you start adding own approach & ingredients. The starting point of getting the success is to be a student in order to master the craft and once you have mastered the craft than improvise to become the master.
Bluenscottish|To challenge yourself takes courage, not for the  strength it takes to accomplish your goals but  for the commitment to stay true to your dreams.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|Mistakes are part of life. And yet, for some reason, most parents in this world, wish their children made no mistakes at all, or as little as possible.
Colleen Ferrary Bader|I have spent my entire lifetime trying to figure out how to connect work and passion. When I finally figured it out, life became so much more beautiful!
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|Parents like to think of themselves as Batmans, and of their children as Gotham Cities. Gotham City depends on Batman for its survival, and Batman delivers. This belief prevents parents from letting those young adults actually live their lives.
Dada Bhagwan|Due to your merit karma, your efforts will bring you success and when the merit karma is expended, your efforts will bring in losses.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Great victories and mountain experiences are invariably followed by vulnerabilities and emotional valley experiences. Know that and get prepared physically, mentally and emotionally.
Ramesh Lohia and Pavan Lohia|Many people who could not give their best because they were denied the opportunity. We must harness the capabilities of each person to encourage organizational success.” Ramesh Lohia and Pavan Lohia, Consultants, iSixSigmaKaizenPublished in Quality Quotes, Jun 7, 2016, Knowledge Center, ASQ [ AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR QUALITY]
Katlego Semusa|FOES will be the first to scream out all your FAILURES but what they don't know is that they're also unconsciously whispering your SUCCESSES & ACCOMPLISHMENTS... Simply shut out the screams and listen carefully to the WHISPERS because that's all that counts! Sit back, relax and let your SUCCESS make all the noise!
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|It’s not their (parents’) job to prevent their children from making mistakes, because mistakes are a normal part of our lives. It’s like preventing those children from having a real experience. A real life.
Bluenscottish|The strong leader takes a chance when there is little hope,The hope that he will succeed and little chance of failure
Tessa Dare, Any Duchess Will Do|Squabbling over too little is just human nature. But it says a great deal about a person, what they do with abundance.
Bluenscottish|Those who have little in the way of character do all they can to blend into crowds, as those with Integrity stand alone in Success
Charles Duhigg, The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business|Grit, which they defined as the tendency to work strenuously toward challenges, maintaining effort and interest over years despite failure, adversity, and plateaus in progress.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|If parents want “success stories” to share at gatherings they should provide themselves with those, and they should not use their children for that purpose.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|It’s entirely on our children to build their best futures. Not on us, parents. And we should be imprinting this message on our children’s brains from as early as possible.
Mustafa Saifuddin|Believe in yourself, keep a can-do approach, struggle hard and watch success follow.
Dada Bhagwan|From the time one gets married he tries to improve his wife, but neither of the two improves till death. Instead, if you would have tried to cut vegetables, it would have been done (with success.) So do not try to improve the wife. She may try to improve us [men] but we should not try to reform them.
Wayne Chirisa|Money does not dictate your lifestyle, it's what you do to get it and how you manage your finances that determines your lifestyle.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals: & the Metaphysical Elements of Ethics|...[H]uman reason in its pure use, so long as it was not critically examined, has first tried all possible wrong ways before it succeeded in finding the one true way.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Compassion does not need any special preparation, place or time. You can start it anywhere and anytime. Try it at home, work, school —or anywhere! The more you cultivate compassion the more will be your fulfillment, resilience, patience, grit, endurance and equanimity.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Some bad friends are so crafty in such a way that by the time their mission is reveal, they have already executed portions of it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Get this; without a continuous struggle, your previous struggles will become a waste. Stay on and hold on until the success become evident.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|It’s never wrong to be rich, but I want to believe, success is not limited to riches; it involves influence. If your riches don't create any impact, you are missing it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|At the end of it all, it is our relationship with people that will determine whether they will share in our pain if we fall into dangers.
Wayne Chirisa|Leaders cannot build a successful nation once they are yoked to these two evils, ignarance and greed.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The same styles you used earlier may become monotonous over time. You want to remain relevant, so you got to change that style. Reinvent yourself always: You must create a new you
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Those who mock at you, shall one day worship you.
Israelmore Ayivor|The same styles you used earlier may become monotonous over time. You want to remain relevant, so you got to change that style.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The rise or fall, success or failure of your dreams is largely dependent on the association you build yourself around.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Keep to active learning. You must learn, research and be so passionate about new ways and methods of doing things to be and remain relevant.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|I suggest to you, late or not late, the moment you have discovered that the mission of someone is to pee on your dreams, keep him away or keep away from him.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|You can’t work with people you hate and succeed. At least, you won’t get the optimum of what you would have obtained when you work with people you love.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Calamities reveal your capabilities. Take note of this and when times get odd, prepare and shine.
Amit Ray|Life may try to knock you down but be persistent with your passions - cultivate grit, resilience, tenacity and endurance success will come.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Remember, one step leads to the other and therefore never neglect the first step. It will give you the confidence you need to sail through with victory
Jackie French Koller|There are two ways to be rich: One is by acquiring much, and the other is by desiring little.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|I use to tell people what to do, but with age I have learned to let them consider the options, if they look hard enough they will always find some few options.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Dream big as you can and shoot for the stars, but get started even if its small baby steps, they count!
Dada Bhagwan|Business has two ‘children’. One is called ‘loss’ and the other ‘profit’. No one likes the one called ‘loss’, but both are indeed there. They are born together.
Izey Victoria Odiase|Passion is the 'not-so-secret' ingredient to success. Passion drives hard work, persistence and creativity.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Long ago, I stopped buying- let alone reading, books that talk about organizational success but fail to emphasize the importance of TRUST
Steve Jobs, Steve Jobs: His Own Words and Wisdom|Great things in business are never done by one person,They are done by a team of people
Seema Brain Openers|Enlightenment is not a rocket science, it is the pure awareness of something deep within you that is ageless, formless and undefinable.
Seema Brain Openers|Do you have a clear written purpose of your life? If not, why don't you make it now?
John Hawkins, 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know|Wearing a $1,000 suit and driving a Ferrari may be better than riding around in a beaten-uppickup truck, but when it’s all said and done, it’ll be the experiences you remember, not the stuff.
Natalia Sanmartín Fenollera, The Awakening of Miss Prim|What I mean is that modern women like you are all, to a greater or lesser extend, hard...It's the yearning. Plainly and simply, it's the yearning."Yearning? For what? {Miss Prim]The yearning you all display to prove your worth, to show that you know this and that, to ensure that you can have it all. The yearning to succeed and, even more, the yearning not to fail; the yearning not to be seen as inferior, but instead even as superior, simply for being exactly what you believe you are, or rather what you've been made to believe you are. The inexplicable yearning for the world to give you credit simply for being women. {Lulu Thiberville]
Sunday Adelaja|For you to be successful in your promised land, you must study the land
John Hawkins|Rarely is success an accident, but when it is, rarely does it last.
John Hawkins, 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know|I used to love the saying, 'If you build a better mousetrap, the world will beat a path to your door.' It sounds great, right?The only problem is that, as it turns out, it’s not even remotely true.Worse yet, it encourages people to passively wait for someone else to give them a break. Most people who do that will grow old waiting for someone to come along and recognize their genius.
John Hawkins, 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know|If success were easy, everybody would do it. Because it’s not, you have the opportunity to distinguish yourself by solving problems. The more problems you solve, the more success you’ll have in life.Then, once you’re successful, you won’t have any more problems, right? Wrong. But if you’re lucky, you’ll have a better class of problems.
Kamal Khanzada (Ahmed Kamal Khan)|We are born entrepreneurs, true entrepreneurs of ourselves! Who defines the success or failure of our companies, it's us! Do not blame God for this, for even seeking it depends on you.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|Serena's not worried her friend is gonna feel bad she's not as good at tennis as Serena is. You know why? Because in order to be as good as Serena, you have to decide that your goal is that NO ONE is going to be as good as you are at tennis.Then you have to make it true.
– Dr Jordan B Peterson,|Consciousness is a mystery that faces the mystery of potential and transforms it into actuality. We do that with every choice we make. Our choices determine the destiny of the world. By making a choice, you alter the structure of reality.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|Failure doesn't Teach us!Learning from it, is our Choice.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|​It's Hard, Not to Fail, but, there is Always a Chance of Success. Of course, there is No Chance of Success, if You didn't Try.
Jordan Petersen|Consciousness is a mystery that faces the mystery of potential and transforms it into actuality. We do that with every choice we make. Our choices determine the destiny of the world. By making a choice, you alter the structure of reality
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|It is not speed that matters, it's persistence.
Rasheed Ogunlaru, Soul Trader: Putting the Heart Back into Your Business|Strive to enrich all lives, hearts and minds not just your own pockets
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Our fulfillment in life and career meets with success when we give our best as per our unique talent, gifting, strengths while willing to team up with others in the areas of our limitations...
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The father who has selflessly poured himself into the life of his children may leave no other monument than that of his children. But as for a life well lived, no other monument is necessary.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Failure is inevitable, success is optional.
Kabelo Mabona|Good things never come in suits and make-up, that person you diverge from because they are in sweat, overalls and boots - will be the first person you'd want to converge with. You know that person, he is a success in progress.
Kabelo Mabona|If you are always right, something is not right of you. If you always want to be right, still something is wrong with you. Wisdom and knowledge, growth and maturity, prosperity and success - these things don't always come from the right things, in fact, they never come in the right things but always at the right time. Never refuse to grow, learn and mature, its your time and its the right time.
Abdullah a ahmed|Life is an episode of few moments, comprised on few decades, and then travel to an endless destiny. Soul was allocated to a body and was sent in this planet for a cause. When our last breath is counted and soul travels back to its origin, we are garlanded with Good & Bad deeds earnt in this limited period of time on earth. We mostly forget the purpose of life and mesmerize ourselves with colours and Illusions of surroundings. We are the custodian of Spirit given by god to us with the power of decision making for good or bad. May god bless all of us the capacity of understanding the purpose of our being in this world. And make us successful in this time given. "LIFE is given just once, live it as it is meant to be" Abdul
Lorri Faye|Make today and all your tomorrows count, so you never have to waste another minute regretting your yesterdays.
Andrena Sawyer|When it comes to purpose and preparation, most of us want to skip the preparation part and get right to purpose, which is why we don't always get to truly enjoy and walk in our purpose. Don't despise the discomfort in preparation. It's the set-up for a firm foundation. Preparation ultimately ensures that we don't squander purpose.
Paul O'Brien, Great Decisions, Perfect Timing: Cultivating Intuitive Intelligence|When it comes to making the right moves at the right time, your dance partner is life itself or what can be referred to as your destiny. The more you pay attention and practice intuitive decision making skills, the better you will become at sensing the unique rhythm of your life.
Kevin Abdulrahman, The Book on What Ever You're Into: These Are the 52 Timeless Winning Truths You Need to Know to Have a Chance at Winning|It isn’t the lack of opportunities you are facing, more so the lack of confidence
Zeke Jones|To be successful at anything, it takes hard work, discipline, dedication, and a burning desire to be the best.
Jesus Apolinaris|Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Stay focused on your passion and be consistent in your efforts. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you. Remembered, Believe in yourself because your will is your most important asset.
Abhinav Rajput|Striving for success with access of abilities and strength leads to clarity, with clarity confidence naturally comes up.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you care to know, majority of successful people in the world were all struck by limitations in one way or the other. What made them great isn’t the absence of limitations; but it was their persistence to rise in the face of those limitations.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Dr. John, throughout his whole life, was a man of luck - a man of success. And why? Because he had the eye to see his opportunity, the heart to prompt to well-timed action, the nerve to consummate a perfect work. And no tyrant-passion dragged him back; no enthusiasms, no foibles encumbered his way.
Kierra C.T. Banks|To sum it up, succuss is merely a small act of courageousness.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Work, Work and work, until you either succeed in your mission, or you die!
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|You only fix something, when it’s broken. And you - are far from broken.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Say to yourself, I am perfect, the way I am. Say to yourself, I am beautiful the way I am. Say to yourself, those who do not accept me the way I am, do not deserve me in their life.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Don’t be fearless, but tame your fears, and stop at nothing.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|The representation of women in the society, especially through mass media has been the most delusional act ever done on the grounds of human existence.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|A society where feminine beauty is defined not by the human self on genuine intellectual and sentimental grounds, but by a computer software on the grounds of economic interest, is more dead than alive. It is a society of human bodies, not human beings.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|How dare a person tell a woman, how to dress, how to talk, how to behave! Any being who does that, is no human.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Listen my dear sister! You only fix something, when it’s broken. And you - are far from broken. Say to yourself, I am perfect, the way I am. Say to yourself, I am beautiful the way I am. Say to yourself, those who do not accept me the way I am, do not deserve me in their life.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|The female brain itself is a highly intuitive emotion-processing machine, which when put to practice in the progress of the society, would do much more than any man can with all his analytical perspectives.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Women of the thinking society are the builders of nations. Women of the sentient society are the builders of the world. And given the same honor and dignity as men, women can build a much better and more harmonious world. Harmony and conflict-solving run in their veins. Whereas men have evolved into more authoritarian creatures.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|I’d rather listen to what you think of yourself, than what the whole world has to say about you.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|I believe in you my friend, so much so, that if any of my ideas make you feel belittled in any manner, I want you to rise against me and throw my work into the fire. Any notion, any book, any institution that weakens the self instead of strengthening it, must be discarded at ones.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|You don’t need to see yourself through the delusional eyes of the society. It’s the society that needs to see you, through your eyes.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|It is only when you are confident about your own self, that the society begins to hail you the way you want.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|I am no feminist. Even though the term "feminism" is founded upon the basic principle of gender equality, it possesses its own fundamental gender bias, which makes it inclined towards the wellbeing of women, over the wellbeing of the whole society. And if history has shown anything, it is that such fundamental biases in time corrupt even the most glorious ideas and give birth to prejudice, bigotry and differentiation.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|I am a scientist who studies the human mind, including the sexual differences in mental faculties, and I am telling you, ten female thinkers can teach humanity lessons equivalent to the teachings of a hundred male thinkers of history.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Remember, for a society to truly progress we don't need woman or man, we need a fully-fledged human - nothing short of that would do.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Given the same honor and dignity as men, women can build a much better and more harmonious world.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|All the bloodsheds in human history have been caused by men, not women.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Once your character is poured with vigor and your attitude radiates confidence, there is no power in any external force to have any form of authority over you.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Gender equality is not a belief, it is not an idea - it is a key element of the society that will define whether we the humans shall march ahead towards glory and advancement, or sink into the abyss of an existential doom.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Any book that spreads weakness in the heart of one gender, and authoritarianism in the other, must be burnt to ashes.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Any nation that does not learn to place women on the same pedestal of respect and dignity as men, will never in a thousand years attain greatness.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you really want to grow great, you need to avoid costly pleasures and preserve your future treasures.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|You are not born to follow the society, you are born to inspire it - you are born to teach it - you are born to build it.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|The world doesn't need a good woman who is meekly obedient to the uncivilized social norms that advocate female inferiority. The world needs those bad women who can think for themselves, to break the primeval norms of the society that consistently drag the human civilization back to the stone-age.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|For thousands of years, the dumb, uncivilized, stone-age society has reduced women to mere prizes to be won, objects to be shown off, and playthings to be abused and toyed with. Now is the time to stop this primitive madness.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, do not see the failure of your first attempts and declare yourself a loser.
Anthony T. Hincks|Flying is for the birds, the sugar gliders and the dreamers.Running is for the emus, the ostriches and the optimists.Walking is for the snails, the lame and the cautious explorer.All that is left are those who are afraid of the night, afraid of commitment, afraid of success and afraid of taking a chance in life.Luckily, I love to soar above the clouds, through the heavens, and journey to far distant galaxies and universes.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Sow the seeds of hard work and you will reap the fruits of success. Find something to do, do it with all your concentration. You will excel.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become better you, look nowhere else for greatness. All you need to improve and succeed are right there in you.
Toni Sorenson|Success does just happen. It happens to those who desire, plan and work for it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|No struggle, no success. The stronger the thunder, the heavier the rainfall
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To be successful, love yourself and be originally you. Discover what you were born to do and do it well.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|If attempting to make the world a civilized one, makes you a bad woman in the eyes of the dumb patriarchal society, then, by all means, be it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you are capable, but not available, nature will raise a person with lesser ability to replace you soon.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|When it is time to sow, sow and when it is time to harvest, you will harvest. Obey this rule.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Ideal is the one, who knows the self.
Germany Kent|Seven Ways To Get Ahead in Business:1. Be forward thinking 2. Be inventive, and daring3. Do the right thing4. Be honest and straight forward5. Be willing to change, to learn, to grow6. Work hard and be yourself7. Lead by example
Sanhita Baruah|No one "deserves" success; it is either earned with hard work or lost to the hands of fate.
Michelle A. Valentine, Phenomenal X|XAVIER: Being trapped in a life that you didn’t choose is no f***** picnic, no matter how good it may appear to people outside of the situation.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|If they aren't laughing at your goals, you are not dreaming big enough.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|Underachieving people, use little chitchats had with successful people as gate passes to obtain entrance into places their reputation cannot get them.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|If you can't stop thinking about it, don't stop working for it.
Chris Guillebeau, The Happiness of Pursuit: Finding the Quest That Will Bring Purpose to Your Life|The lesson, as he explains it: 'If I fail more than you do, I win. Built into this notion is the ability to keep playing. If you get to keep playing, sooner or later you're gonna make it succeed. The people who lose are the ones who don't fail at all, or the ones who fail so big they don't get to play again.
Israelmore Ayivor|Be on the right way and go in the right direction. Once you are never going back, you will progress day after day, little by little.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, admit that you were not born for the floor. Refuse to embrace mediocrity anytime anywhere.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, look nowhere else for another alarm to blow before you wake up. Get up and rise up.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you are going to quit after a couple of steps, you aren’t going to be the best you can ever be.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Create a world for yourself in which you can rest,until then stay restless.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Any fool can break something, criticise someone and tear things apart. It takes a far more skilled, wise and kind soul to build something, nurture someone, fix things and help others thrive over time.
Germany Kent|Start today creating a vision for yourself, your life, and your career. Bounce back from adversity and create what you want, rebuild and rebrand. Tell yourself it's possible along the way, have patience, and maintain peace with yourself during the process.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Sometimes you learn, grow and give far more when your back's against the wall.
Nanette Mathews|Even small positive shifts in thinking, create huge results if you are consistent in your efforts
Nanette Mathews|Life is not a race....Everyone can win, so stop going around in circles.
indonesia123|It is not reputation, fame, success or religiosity that glorifies God, it's slavery.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|What a hundred caring, courageous and conscientious women can achieve in ten years, would take a thousand men a hundred years.
Germany Kent|Start today creating a vision for yourself, your life, and your career. Bounce back from adversity and create what you want, rebuild and rebrand. Tell yourself it's possible along the way, have patience, and maintain peace with yourself during the process..
Sunday Adelaja|Complexes can be the feelings of guilt, a victim complex, and fear of failure, criticism, poverty, and loneliness, loss of love, success, insecurity, denial, and low self-esteem
Sunday Adelaja|People with a distinctly displayed fear of failure, when they encounter more complicated tasks of a problem nature, the quality of work becomes worse, while it improves in case of people with motivation for success
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|Most jokes come from good intentions—and most mistakes, too.
Germany Kent|Freedom of Speech doesn't justify online bullying. Words have power, be careful how you use them.
Germany Kent|Be around people that make you want to be a better person, who make you feel good, make you laugh, and remind you what's important in life.
Germany Kent|Your words control your life, your progress, your results, even your mental and physical health. You cannot talk like a failure and expect to be successful.
Farshad Asl|Whether you have experienced financial struggles, a challenging childhood, prejudice or criticism against your weight, sex, race, or faith, or even rejection, failure, and loss, you should never give up. Your experiences, challenges, and struggles are all the more reasons for you to succeed. So get up, get busy, and start building the future you deserve. There are no limits other than the ones we create for ourselves. Grow from your past to gain success in your future.
Sunday Adelaja|The most important thing is not to achieve success, but to keep it so that it would be stable
Sunday Adelaja|In order to achieve stable success, you must be focused on God and not on success itself
Sunday Adelaja|God has from the beginning, placed in us all the necessary gifts, abilities and talents to have success
Sunday Adelaja|In order to have success we have to make an effort and this demands persistent, diligent hard work
Sunday Adelaja|The devil will try to stop you on your path to success, He can do this through doubts and fear
Sunday Adelaja|As we fulfill our dream and move toward success, we will not escape fighting
Sunday Adelaja|Relationships are working either for our good and success, or they are harming us
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to be successful, begin to work zealously and persistently
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not begin to search, then you cannot find anything
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to be prosperous, then you will have to become a seeker
Sunday Adelaja|If you are constantly seeking then sooner or later, you will meet ‘your opportunity
Sunday Adelaja|A wise man loves any kind of work, be it spiritual, physical or intellectual
Sunday Adelaja|If you are possessed by the desire to be useful for God on this earth, He will honor you, you will prosper and your life will be a testimony of success
Sunday Adelaja|God is faithful, He will fulfill His word
Sunday Adelaja|Grace is available to us from God, but it is located in our place of work
Sunday Adelaja|If you work, you will find favor from God and you will become a rich man
Sunday Adelaja|You will find solution, if you have a passionate, strong desire to breakthrough
Sunday Adelaja|No matter how giant and rich you are, if you are isolated you will fall and remain alone in this world
Sunday Adelaja|Only the people who are rooted in the house of God will thrive, prosper, become rich and still have joy in every situation
Germany Kent|If you are in a position where you can reach people, then use your platform to stand up for a cause. HINT: social media is a platform.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|When you work on something that only has the capacity to make you 5 dollars, it does not matter how much harder you work – the most you will make is 5 dollars.
Germany Kent|No one else knows exactly what the future holds for you, no one else knows what obstacles you've overcome to be where you are, so don't expect others to feel as passionate about your dreams as you do.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|When you stay in your comfort zone, you are not learning.
Nabil N. Jamal|There will always be rough days and easy ones. Like a ship, we must sail through both.
Nabil N. Jamal|Communication succeeds when you make others understand you clearly, and they make you understand them clearly.
Cliff Hannold|Decided, commit, act, succeed, repeat. The one thing that all the greats have in common is they sweat the small stuff and they pay very close attention to every detail.
Sunday Adelaja|If our life is built on God’s standards and we are responsible and zealous for the things of the kingdom, then we will have persistent success in life and wealth, which will not bring tears
Sunday Adelaja|If you are striving to have a stable success and riches in joy, you need to be truly dedicated to God
Sunday Adelaja|Knowing God, we will always understand the path that leads to success
Sunday Adelaja|We should totally rely on God, then our success will always be stable and nothing would be able to shake it
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|The answer is in your dreams, the ones you dream while you’re asleep and the ones you dream while you’re awake.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|Find out what you really love to do, and then find a way to make a good living doing it.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are faithful and diligent in your work, God will place you before kings
litymunshi|genuinely ,there is no differences between job and love . in boh cases ,you have to be up to date ,upgraded, continue ,smart,presentable and best performers.
Kate Northrup, Money, A Love Story: Untangling Your Finances, Creating the Life You Really Want, and Living Your Purpose|Somewhere along the way we've gotten the message that the more we struggle and the more we suffer, the more valuable we will become and the more successful we'll eventually be. And so we overwork ourselves, overschedule ourselves, and become "busier than thou" because we think there's some sort of prize on the other side of the pain we cause ourselves. And you know what? There's no prize. All you get from suffering is more suffering.
Sunday Adelaja|We need to apply the rules of 10,000 hours in order to achieve the level of a skill commensurate with the status of a world-class expert
Sunday Adelaja|The perfect scenario is when you are living your dream, when you have found your gift and when you are working to bring it to perfection
Sunday Adelaja|Remember, each of us needs to be the best in our field
Sunday Adelaja|When you find out the field you were gifted, what you were created for, you will get guaranteed success
litymunshi|there was times ,every year,days and nights .looked towards people who could be real supports . they did not show up . may be circumstances ,did not allow them . in deep water knowledge without swimming ,I tried to cross as possible at safe place on river bank . came up alone ,unknown events, accidents ,obligations, social dirt and here I am . is it wrong if I take a side seat not to face them as they want to feel good if I am around ? is it wrong _ if I do not want to know about them at all ? simply _no . as they reminds me ,their suggestion could be great help and I could continue the best ,which I messed up trying to learn swimming in river of life. I want to stay away . but those parts want to be with me now everyday .silly . if I give them place to seats ,it will be their place ,if I don't allow that would be my extra more energy to learn swimming further successfully. past never leaves ,when you are doing well at present .what you must ensure_ your own peace of present .
Sunday Adelaja|When we find successful people in our field, learn from their experience and understand some important things more specifically
Sunday Adelaja|Once you get on the path leading to your success, the devil will try to stop you
Injap Sia, Life Principles|Whatever achievements and successes I've had didn't happen overnight. It is all a product of guidance, hard work, careful planning, and intense, passionate execution over many years. (p. 69)
Injap Sia, Life Principles|It's alright to keep and open mind, but at a certain point—once you have thoroughly completed your homework—you have to learn how to stop and focus on intensely and passionately executing these goals step by step. You have to repel the distractions.
Injap Sia, Life Principles|Like blood, money is a blessing that should be shared, but you must be a responsible giver.
Injap Sia, Life Principles|Don't be afraid if your idea is crazy, because good things come from crazy ideas. (p. 96)
Sunday Adelaja|I made my name”. What does this mean? It means you developed the traits that are specific to successful people, passion- the ability to stay focus focused and the determination to never, never, never give up
Sunday Adelaja|No one is born successful, success requires preparation
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not work on self- improvement or do not develop strength of character, you will be inclined to succumb to the opinions of the people surrounding you or to the standards criminally imposed on you by the society
Sunday Adelaja|Our self- development is all about cultivating the traits that we need to achieve our life purpose, success and to carry out our mission
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|If you have assimilated even one idea and made it your life, you have more education than any person who has got by heart the entire Library of Congress.
Sunday Adelaja|You need to believe in your success, only then the world will believe you
Sunday Adelaja|The qualities of a successful man are tenacity, perseverance, courage and the will to win
Sunday Adelaja|Your life goal and mission is to find your gift, become what you have been created to be and with your gift serve mankind, promoting advancement and influencing humanity
Sunday Adelaja|The sooner you answer the question, "who am I" the more effective and successful life you will have
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It’s not about inviting great things into our lives. Rather, it’s about accepting the invitation of great things to step out of our lives.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The world screams, ‘Stay down, it’s safer.’ My soul screams, ‘So is being dead.
Sunday Adelaja|Even if you are a loser today, it doesn’t mean that you cannot change yourself
Sunday Adelaja|When God calls a man, He is calling him to success
Balroop Singh, When Success Eludes...A Step by Step Guide To Success|The fear of failure, the fear of competition, the fear of being ridiculed, the fear of running out of expenses and many more such issues encompass us when we start thinking about our dreams.
Nabil N. Jamal|Companies don't succeed, people do. Companies don't fail, people do.
Colleen Ferrary Bader|When I was 15, a well off man told me the secret to success was golf. It took me until I became 30 to realize it was the true. Today, you couldn't convince me otherwise.
Sunday Adelaja|If a man realizes who he is, he understands that if he must, he can start from the beginning and achieve success again
Sunday Adelaja|To succeed and reach your life goals, you must know who you are
Sunday Adelaja|If when you think of yourself, you think only of your physical body –even if you are physically fit and firm, at your ideal weight with beautiful hair, eyes or lips- if that is how you gauge your success, you are mistaken
Sunday Adelaja|Your self-reliance, self-appraisal and self- perception depends on how successful you are at knowing who God has created you to become
Susan C. Young|Rejoicing is grounded in gratitude, with a keen appreciation for yourself, others, your abundance, and the beauty around you.
Susan C. Young|A diamond’s creation requires immense pressure and intense temperatures to reach its highest potential. Without enduring the adversity and pressure of its environment, the diamond would never become the treasure it was meant to be. May the changes you grow through bring incredible value in helping you forge a remarkable and multi-faceted life.
Susan C. Young|Reconnect to what makes you happy and brings you Joy. If there is something that used to make you happy which you have stopped doing, do it again. Seek to find deeper meaning and significance rather than living on the surface.
Susan C. Young|As a pearl is formed and its layers grow, a rich iridescence begins to glow. The oyster has taken what was at first an irritation and intrusion and uses it to enrich its value. How can you coat or frame the changes in your life to harvest beauty, brilliance, and wisdom?
Susan C. Young|Re-imagination is the birthplace for vision and change. Your imagination is one of the most valuable talents you have and deserves your full attention. Imagining how you want to live your life is one thing, but connecting your imagination to a visual representation will give you exactly the traction you need to make it a reality.
Susan C. Young|Connecting with others gives us a sense of inclusion, connection, interaction, safety, and community. Your vibe attracts your tribe, so if you want to attract positive and healthy relationships, be one! Staying connected and getting reconnected feeds the flow of goodness which empowers our humanity.
Susan C. Young|Passion is that strong feeling of emotion, ecstasy, or excitement which you feel for something or someone. This sizzling desire can light up your soul and fuel your commitment to be persistent in spite of obstacles and unfavorable circumstances. This depth of motivation can transform your life unlike anything else and reignite your purpose and your passion.
Susan C. Young|A life lived well, or poorly, uses our resources to such an extent that it can weaken many areas which were once strong. Simply from wear and tear, we may tire and need to be re-fortified. Seek ways to re-strengthen so that you may perform at higher levels and increase your endurance to enjoy a life you love.
Susan C. Young|Are you comfortable and willing to be of service to others, but find it difficult to receive the same in return? Why are people so quick to resist receiving, even when they need the help? Your ability to receive not only opens the space for great things to enter your life, but it returns a gift of grace to the giver.
Susan C. Young|Somewhere between handling challenges, taking care of business, and juggling responsibilities, you may have lost pieces of yourself which you long to recover. Perhaps they were buried and forgotten long ago. Rediscovering is more than just being reminded of these golden treasures. It is being able to excavate your riches by pulling them out, polishing them off, and allowing them to shine again.
Susan C. Young|An object in motion tends to stay in motion so if you want to go places and do great things, get moving! Although the desires of your heart may have been lying dormant for a reason or a season, now may be the time to reactivate and infuse them with life.
Susan C. Young|Do you ever feel like you have been stopped dead in your tracks? That you have fallen and can’t get up? Or like you are stuck in a rut or wading in muck? Paralysis, inertia, and being stuck, can be disempowering and disabling. What is it going to take for you to restart your engines and get moving again?
Susan C. Young|A unified team is a force to be reckoned with. When teams pull together to serve a higher purpose, the synergy builds momentum and helps everyone head in the right direction. When people reunite, pull together, have each other’s backs, and strive to achieve a clearly defined purpose, the culture is empowered to produce extraordinary outcomes.
Susan C. Young|When people around you do not support your personal growth and reinvention, it doesn’t mean you are on the wrong path or that you have to listen to them. Just because someone continues to judge you from where you were doesn’t mean you have to stay there.
Susan C. Young|Breathe in peace, breathe out stress. Relaxing can bring relief to much of what ails you. In our stressful and often negative world, your decision to make relaxing a priority will help you navigate, handle, and minimize stress. Doing so will positively impact your health, well-being, and happiness.
Susan C. Young|When employees are fully engaged, they produce, contribute, and perform at higher levels. As a result, re-engaged team players bring more value to their companies and empower a positive culture.
Susan C. Young|People lose their enthusiasm and disengage for a variety of reasons. It can be due to boredom, disinterest, rejection, apathy, overwhelm, or exhaustion. Once a person begins to disengage, the tendency can bleed over into other areas of their life and disconnect them from what would actually bring them joy.
Susan C. Young|You are the author of your own life story. You have the leading role and get to determine how you interact with your supporting cast and other characters. Without realizing it, you may have allowed the events in your life to write your story for you rather than taking deliberate action to write it in your own voice. What will it take to love your life story to create the happy endings you desire?
Susan C. Young|It is in your replanting or transplanting that you can do some of your best work and expand your roots to grow, thrive, and flourish. Whether you have needed to change places physically or metaphorically, replanting and putting down new roots will encourage new possibilities.
Susan C. Young|Rather than waste or eliminate items which you don’t currently use, discover a new way to improve and enjoy their value. What strengths and talents can you repurpose for a new endeavor? How can you re-purpose your thoughts to ensure they help you rather than hinder?
Susan C. Young|Have you ever made a commitment for which you felt conviction or passion at the time in which it was made, yet as time went by, you lost interest, lost passion, got distracted, or found something else which would result in a greater reward? If your commitments have wavered, recommit yourself to fulfill your promises and do the right thing.
Susan C. Young|Like the butterfly, you will also go through stages of change, rebirth, and new beginnings for transformation and renewal. Use these changes to create a clarity of purpose for a personal renaissance. Break out of your comfort zone, shed old layers, and stretch in your potential to become your best self. Be free of outdated limitations, experience rebirth and take flight.
Susan C. Young|Some people contend that there are no new ideas and everything under the sun has already been created. Thankfully, innovation and regeneration continue to prove otherwise. New and amazing innovations are born every day from the regeneration of ideas and creativity. How can you create something brand new using your current resources?
Susan C. Young|When you hit hard tough stuff, do you feel flattened because of it or rebound in a new direction to keep living, loving, moving, and growing? Improving your bounce-ability factor will help you rock your resilience to handle setbacks, adversity, and challenges with confidence.
Susan C. Young|It is impressive to see how people work hard to transform their lives, their bodies, and their relationships to become the best version of themselves. Release the layers that weigh you down and hold you back. Release the past and re-emerge to begin your next chapter.
Susan C. Young|The Law of Reciprocity demonstrates that when we give something from or of ourselves, the receiving party feels an inclination to give back. And in turn, when someone does something nice for you, you naturally want to return the favor. Reciprocity begins a momentum for mutual caring and sweet reward.
Susan C. Young|To build up your speed and create momentum, do you need to be pushed or pulled? Successfully shifting gears requires synchronization, coordination, and a sense of speed, whether fast or slow. Sometimes it is simply a matter of shaking up your routine to get things rolling in the right direction.
Susan C. Young|Do you ever feel like you are running on empty? What is missing from your life? What would it take to plug the holes and stop the energy drains? When you see, feel, or think about lack, scarcity, or emptiness, seek ways to fill the holes, replenish and return to a state of abundance and fulfillment.
Susan C. Young|Many people associate resolutions with failure because they’ve broken promises to themselves so many times before. They don’t want to fail again, and as a result, they avoid setting goals. For the wise people who do set resolutions, research has shown you are ten times more likely to improve your life when you do. What are you willing to do to make your dreams come true?
Susan C. Young|When you redefine something, you stretch your perception and open your mind to new ideas. You discover new meanings and get to see your previous style, behaviors, or beliefs from an expanded vantage point. Consider new options which would make your life more meaningful, bring more fulfilment, and encourage you to shine.
Susan C. Young|Reconciling is about cleaning out your psychic closet. Do you have unresolved issues which are draining your reserves, causing hurt feelings, filling you with regret, or taxing your tenacity? Reconciling can allow you to move forward with acceptance and surrender, rather than berating yourself for what cannot be changed. Are you ready to enjoy peace?
Susan C. Young|When you focus on connecting with your truest essence, that spiritual center of love and acceptance, you will reawaken, arrive, and thrive. Every morning you get to reawaken to a new day. And every night as you sleep, you will hopefully experience rest, renewal, and rejuvenation.
Susan C. Young|Great leaders understand the importance of assigning the right people to the right positions. If you put the wrong person in the wrong place, no matter how talented or earnest they are, they will never reach the peak of their potential. Their strengths will be underutilized and they may never measure up to your expectations. Reassign to get the best out of others and the situation.
Susan C. Young|The great thing about redirecting is that if you miss the mark and miss your goal, you can simply change course. When you are heading down a certain path, and feel like you may be heading the wrong way, stop, turn back, redirect, or ask for directions.
Susan C. Young|You have resources and assets simply by virtue of breathing, being safe, and being alive. In addition to these birthrights, you are hopefully blessed with time, energy, loved ones, friendships, health, money, intelligence, and untapped resources. Are you reinvesting in what matters most?
Susan C. Young|When you yearn to create positive change, stop focusing on your old stories. If you hope to transform your life from the inside out and become a new improved version of your former self, refocus on what you want rather than what you don’t
Susan C. Young|You know what it feels like when you are out of alignment ~ physically, spiritually, emotionally, or mentally. It wears you down, stresses you out, and negatively impacts your health and well-being. Life becomes more of a struggle, tasks seem harder to achieve, and relationships take more effort. Once you identify what may be causing misalignment, take deliberate steps to close the gaps, realign your attitude and actions to feel dynamic and balanced again.
Susan C. Young|We are engineered for health, vitality, and resilience, yet we tend to lose a lot as the years go by. What pleasures have you denied yourself? What dreams did you once hold dear? What do you want now? Restore them to their former glory and recapture that which brings you joy.
Susan C. Young|Are you happy with how you’ve chosen to spend your time? We’ve all got the same 24 hours in a day, yet how you choose to prioritize it will make or break your outcomes. When you reprioritize your life by what brings you the most joy and fulfillment, life is rewarding beyond measure.
Susan C. Young|Have you ever experienced a shattering in your own personal life? Where death, divorce, financial loss, failure, or disaster changed your world to such an extent that you weren’t sure how to rebuild again? Clearing the debris from the aftermath is a great first step. It enables you to start with a clean slate so you can rebuild exactly what you desire. Where can you begin?
Susan C. Young|When you care deeply about someone or something, repairs are worth your investment of time, energy, effort, heart, and resources. Whether it is to repair a broken trust or a damaged relationship, take the initiative to make it right and make it better.
Susan C. Young|Your ability to readapt in the face of change will instill confidence, improve agility, foster psychological safety, and make you more resilient in life and in business. Your re-adaptability will serve you well to thrive in most any situation or environment.
Susan C. Young|Recovery is the affirmative outcome you’ll enjoy once you have moved through a setback and arrived on the other side. The sooner you find ways to achieve solutions for recovery, the faster you will regain vitality, hope and well-being.
Susan C. Young|Reframing encourages you to say, ‘Let’s look at this another way.’ By changing the frame around a situation, you not only change your perception of it, but its meaning for you as well. If you were to take one painting and view it in three different frames, each combination would offer a completely different presentation. Your perceptions work the same way.
Susan C. Young|Successfully juggling the demands of your personal and professional life may feel like a daunting and unrealistic task. Employers know all too well that if an employee’s personal life is suffering, their work life will too. And visa-versa. Even the most self-aware and diligent person can be challenged. How can you rebalance your life to prevent burnout and promote well-being?
Susan C. Young|Revise what you need to as changes occur and new information becomes available. Be willing to go back, look again, and consider where and how you can make adjustments in order to stay in alignment with your vision, mission, passion, and purpose. Rather than rehashing the past, know that your life is a working draft and you can revise the story you write about it. Let the revising begin.
Susan C. Young|In the pursuit of trying to be all things to all people or trying to live up to another person’s expectations, do you find yourself saying ‘Yes’ when you wish you’d said ‘No?’ When something is not in your best interest or goes against your values, learn to refuse and graciously reply, “No.
Susan C. Young|Is there something which you have lost and miss terribly? Would the quality of your life improve if you regained it? Would it make you happier or healthier? Would you be more effective, efficient, or productive if it came back? If there is something which once was and you yearn for its return, find ways to regain its presence and place in your world.
Susan C. Young|When you rearrange, make it meaningful and significant. Don’t rearrange just for the sake of rearranging. It would be as “pointless as rearranging the chairs on the deck of the Titanic.” In other words, why waste your time on frivolous activities which could be easily undone or do nothing to contribute to the solution of your problem?
Susan C. Young|Quantities are all around you and the exercise of quantifying and re-quantifying is how you can measure aspects of your life. How are things adding up? What needs to be subtracted to relieve stress and promote healthy well-being? Measure the progress you are making on your hopes, dreams, goals, and strategies to move forward faster.
Susan C. Young|Dragging around pain and attachments from the past can jeopardize your health, your relationships, and your happiness. It can undermine your motivation, discourage your progress, and make everything in life harder. What can you release to simplify your life, lighten your load and find more joy?
Susan C. Young|We continuously make promises and create agreements with ourselves and others. Some of these agreements are mutually beneficial. However, when you realize that things you agreed to in the past are no longer helpful, possible, or relevant, renegotiate. Be invested enough in your situations or relationships for renegotiation to take place.
Susan C. Young|There comes a time when you may realize that what once worked brilliantly for you is no longer effective, relevant, or competitive. And as a result, you set out to do a make-over, or design new improvements that will make it better. After your innovations, hard work, and implementation, the time comes to relaunch, reveal your changes, and reveal the new.
Susan C. Young|Reconsideration creates a great opportunity for you to contemplate a previous decision, opinion, action, behavior, or position. “Second-guessing” can at times be very helpful. Have you ever felt strongly about something, but when you reconsidered new information which came to light you changed your position?
Susan C. Young|Are there things in your life that could use a face lift? What neglected treasures could be given new life by restoring them to their former glory? When you renovate and restore, you show respect for what was and bring it back to a state of beauty, usefulness, value, or vigor.
Susan C. Young|As you move through the seasons of change and make a deliberate decision to Review and Redo along the way, you can begin to see everything from a fresh perspective. This will generate new opportunities for making things better or creating something completely brand new.
Topsy Gift|Success doesn't come to procrastinators, but only to men of action
Werley Nortreus, Best Quotes of Werley Nortreus|Success is like water, the more thirsty you are for it is the more you will drink it, and you'll need it forever to survive.
Susan C. Young|When change happens, you have a choice for how you are going to respond. You can either lose your composure and react impetuously or use the event or situation as a learning opportunity to shift your mindset and respond appropriately. Begin to notice your responses when changes occur and do your best to choose a breakthrough over a breakdown.
Susan C. Young|Although you may not be able to physically rewind your experiences, a visual rewind may reveal aspects which you may have missed the first time around. By mentally rewinding scenarios for your life, relationships, experiences, and behavior, you can look back with focused attention to see things more objectively.
Susan C. Young|Affirmative words and actions confirm you are on the right path and help you attract what you desire. Whether you are reaffirming a dream, a goal, a previous commitment, or a person, reaffirmations will strengthen your area of focus. Begin reaffirming yourself and others through encouragement, paying attention, listening, and being grateful.
Susan C. Young|Think of a time when you felt happy, healthy, powerful, energetic, strong, confident, or serene. Step back into that memory and remember what it felt like. Breathe it, feel it, and recreate it. If you are ever in a place where change has disrupted your flow or shifted your foundation, you can use your memories to reground you. Bring these positive emotions forward to change your state and get yourself unstuck.
Susan C. Young|When you reassess where you are and what you’ve done, new factors may come to light to help you make more informed choices moving forward. Whether your assessment encourages you to rest happily on your laurels or change directions, reassessment is incredibly valuable.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Your brain with all its parts, exists to keep you safe, but your mind, with all your memories and intuition, exists to help you soar.
Susan C. Young|Simply through the process of living life and adapting to change, you may have lost something which you once enjoyed or took for granted. Reclaim your power by speaking up, standing up, standing out, and taking action. Reclaim your positivity by surrounding yourself with happy and proactive people.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|We all carry success gene within us, but its manifestation is our responsibility.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There are many standards to measure if a person was successful including did they fill a niche role in society, invent something useful, attain professional distinction, or achieve great wealth. A person might also judge someone a success in life if they laughed frequently, were kind to children and animals, and were truthful, loved by their family, and respected by their friends.
Susan C. Young|Have you made a choice in your past which was right at the time, but once you had a chance to think about it, you wished you could reverse your decision or amend it? Rethinking gives you permission to use your thoughts to change your mind. Take what is and spin it around to give you a new review and fresh perspective.
Susan C. Young|In the overwhelming demands of daily life, you get bombarded with continuous distractions, expectations and responsibilities. Is it no wonder that you may lose touch with simple pleasures and life lessons which you once knew, but have since forgotten? What do you need to be reminded of to live your life with purpose and passion?
Susan C. Young|If you are ever feeling lost or unsure of what to do, you can simply retrace the path that brought you there to begin with. Have you ever misplaced something only to find it in short order when you “retraced your steps?” Whether it is an idea, a conversation, or an object, retracing may help you get back on point to re-fortify your position.
Susan C. Young|It’s one thing to set a goal. It’s another, however, when you get so caught up in the details that you neglect to review your progress. Reevaluation enables you to improve your aim to ensure you hit your target.
Susan C. Young|What crucial conversations need to be readdressed in your personal and professional relationships in order for you to gain peace, clarity, and resolution? Create the space in your life to readdress what needs to be given hope for healing.
Steve Maraboli|I set goals…I take chances…I dare to achieve…I win…I lose…I don’t quit…It’s my life and I’m not afraid to LIVE it!I would rather experience the ups and downs of a life I have chosen, than to suffer the regret of a life I have settled for.
Susan C. Young|Whether it is through products or services, being a problem solver builds loyalty and confidence. What can you resolve for yourself and others? Do you have a challenge that seems impossible or unsolvable? With the root word being “solve,” resolve is one of your best friends for overcoming obstacles and being a solution specialist.
Susan C. Young|When a team is in possession of the ball, but cannot advance its agenda any further, they have to ‘drop back and punt.’ Doing this requires that they step back to regroup, reassess, and reorganize their strategy in pursuit of winning the game. When you are faced with change and apply this regrouping process, you are better equipped to make decisions for your next steps. Rather than settling back into old habits and doing what you’ve always done, create something fresh, new, and awesome.
Susan C. Young|Changing your perception will alter your interpretations and therefore, your reality. If you feel like you’re hitting a wall because you simply don’t understand something, or another person has a different approach, keep your mind open and willing to reinterpret it with fresh eyes, more information, a change in position, or a new perspective
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Chew off a little every day, because it’s hard to swallow a whole pie at once.
Susan C. Young|When we don’t qualify, it may be the perfect time to ask, “Do I really want it?” If you’re dedicated to making it happen, the only way you can fail is to stop trying. Be creative. Be constructive. Re-qualify. Never give up if it is for something you deeply, passionately, and enthusiastically desire
Aymen Tmar|Don't be afraid to be successful,and keep in your mind that you don't have another choice “be successful or be successful “.
Mike Klepper|If you can see something, and it is wrong, you can fight it with a reasonable chance of success. Fighting the nonexistent is worse than pointless: Don Quixote tilted at windmills, but at least windmills are real.
Sahara Sanders|Often, exactly big complexes force an individual to achieve their big goals and massive success.
Sahara Sanders|To be successful, any business requires a concentrated investment of time and energy; wherein each stage of the development has its tactics and priorities, in regards to which activities and when it makes sense to invest the efforts in.
M.Zuber Bhoja|you catch your goal is not declare your success, But you catch your goal after your behavior with people is declare your success.
Mike Klepper|For any reputable person or organization to be successful, that person's or organization's actions must be based on solid information, not conspiracy theories, not hearsay, not rumors, and certainly not fear mongering.
Santosh Adbhut Kumar|You don't have to fight with anybody else than you yourself to become a WINNER. The day you win over yourself, your success journey starts from then!!!
Herman L Glaess, Potentiality Enhancement Programs|To the degree that one relates sensitively, appropriately, and even charmingly, to the people and events faced in business and personal life, success will follow.
Damini Aggarwal, Zindagi Rewind|Opportunities will never notify you before knocking, but you need to be ready to open the doors.
Carlos Wallace|Success is determined by how little time you have to worry whether others are criticizing you, while being too focused to address them if they are.
Colleen Ferrary Bader|Where we've been defines where we'll go. You can't allow your past to define you, but you can leverage it to create a better future!
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|It is always, first Self, then everything else.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Failure or success do not happen by accident, they are the compound interest of action or inaction.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Focus on exploring your intrinsic strengths, so as not to loose out on the virtues of life.
Aymen Tmar|Don't be afraid to be successful,and keep in your mind that you don't have another choice “be successful or be successful
Rasheed Ogunlaru|You only ever have three things: 1) your self, wellbeing and mindset 2) Your life network, resources and resourcefulness 3) Your reputation and goodwill. Treasure and tend the first. Value, support and build the second. And mindfully, wisely ensure that the third (your life current and savings account) is always in credit.
Aymen Tmar|Don't be afraid to be successful,and keep in your mind that you don't have another choice be successful or be successful
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|Shonda, how do you do it all?The answer is this: I don't.Whenever you see me somewhere succeeding in one area of my life, that almost certainly means I am failing in another area of my life....That is the trade-off.That is the Faustian bargain one makes with the devil that comes with being a powerful working woman who is also a powerful mother. You never feel 100 percent okay, you never get your sea legs, you are always a little nauseous.
Nick|One, two, three, Im gon be crazy and free.
Gary Rudz|Success is when everything that goes wrong, fits in your plan.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Achievement is no hocus-pocus. It's focus, focus!
Nick|If you can dream it, you can achieve it.
Nick|Plant the seed now, enjoy the fruit later.
Jeffrey Fry|Failure, loss and defeat are just mile markers on the road to success.
Robin Sacredfire|It's funny when so many people I meet tell me that I'm a complicated and mysterious person they can’t understand. The problem isn't in me but in them. When I say something, I do it. The problem is that they don't believe I will, and they don't believe anyone can do what I say I will. That's their confusion. But actually, I'm a simple person, as I always match my own words. That's how you must see it. Just cut through "common sense" and move forward, and achieve! Let others worry about the how.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Stocks are also like Golf; while you are sure to hit a birdie, eagle, albatross, you wind up hitting one or two over par!
José N. Harris|If you want to get ahead in life, I've found that perhaps the most useless word in the world is "tomorrow.
Jeanine Joy, Harness the Power of Resilience: Be Ready for Life|Negative thinking, by definition, is in opposition to goals and positive motion forward.
Phillip Pullman|You don't win races by wishing, you win them by running faster than everyone else. And to do that you have to train hard and strive your utmost, and sometimes even that isn't enough, because another runner just might be more talented than you are. Here's the truth: if you want something, you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if you're willing to risk failure. (That's the problem with Karl: he was afraid of failing, so he never really tried.)
Cliff Hannold|The only thing keeping you from living the life you want, is allowing your weaknesses to hold you back. So don't let anything hold you back from achieving your goals".
Jeanine Joy, Ph.D.|The very nature of education encourages group think and a fear of getting it wrong. When you read what great leaders throughout history have said, the willingness to take risks and be wrong is what leads to their eventual success. The thing that separates those who become great leaders and those who don’t is that great leaders are resilient. When their plans do not work out they try again. They don’t stop trying until they meet with success.
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: Why Things Become Popular|Quality, it seems, is a necessary, but insufficient attribute for success.
Robin Sacredfire|The secret to success is no secret. Be honest in your words, be trustworthy and share value. Most people won't tell the difference, but those that do are your readers.
Kevin Keenoo|When they can't steal your success, they tarnish your character but at the end, they surrender to your strength.
Sunday Adelaja|If you serve the king of kings, the rest will serve you, money, success, prosperity, etc
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|If I bother to listen, I can navigate by failure just as much as I can navigate by success.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson, The Sagacity of Sage|It`s Okay to Play or Work Alone in the Information Age But If We Must Make Headway in this Transformation Age, Collaboration is the Way to Go.
Wilfred Peterson|Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve." 
ETC Wanyanwu|In academics, an excellent result without personal effort is a copied work
Sudeb Gharami|Our life is like a puzzle, success is spreading all around, who can find answers to puzzle, today they are successful.
Kevin Keenoo|When success seeps into every dimension of your life, small minds and big talkers grow so displeased and powerless that they often resort to cheap acts; but little do they know that kingdoms can be conquered, not kings.
Michael Frayn, Towards the End of the Morning|Failure, it occurred to him, was the secular equivalent of sin. Modern secular man was born into a world whose moral framework was composed not of laws and duties, but of tests and comparisons. There were no absolute outside standards, so standards had to generate themselves from within, relativistically. One's natural sense of inadequacy could be kept at bay only pious acts of repeated successfulness. And failure was more terrifying than sin. Sin could be repented of by an act of volition; failure could not be disposed of so easily.
