Na'ama Yehuda|When hearts speak, they touch each other and transform the deepest sorrow.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|If you don’t know how to grow old, don’t start learning how to grow old.
Old Breton fisherman s prayer|O God, thy sea is so great and my boat is so small.
Stephanie Lahart|Stand tall and face YOUR truth. Speak boldly and be confident in what you say. Don't just dream, but take the steps to get where you want to be. Stay motivated, determined, and focused because YOU are worth it! Giving up is NOT an option. Keep your eyes on what matters and what's truly important.
Julianna Baggott, Fuse|When I first met you, I thought we were made for each other even though we seemed like opposites in some ways and we fought. But now...""What?""Now I feel like we weren't made for each other. We're making each other—into the people we should become. Do you know what I mean?
Audrey Regan|Brushing my little teeth every morning of my childhood, I stood on my tippy toes, leaned over the sink and said to myself that when I am a big girl I will see from this high.Today I did the same thing, but the view from my toes was the same from flat feet.I'm a big girl now.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Your dream is a visualized reflection of your potential and only YOU have the ability to bring it to life... you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.
Hansrajvir| LIFE IS LIKE A FRESH DAY, DEATH IS THE NIGHT WHEN THE DAY ENDS.
Gaelen Foley, The Duke|Mind you, after your silly debutantes have finished their proper posture and walking lessons, tell them it never killed any young lady to remove the book from off the top of her head and open it for a change. Just like I taught you.
Richmond Akhigbe|When you don't see nothing wrong in anything you do, then you are doing everything wrong.
Gaelen Foley, The Duke|Our souls need music, Robert, as our bodies need touch.
Roopleen|Running through the maze of life, you come across profound ambiguities and complexities. Yet the essence of living a meaningful life remains simple- following your heart and pursuing your life purpose.
Agostino Scafidi, The Invisible Papers|If you look deep enough into anything, sense is always there to be made, wouldn’t you agree?
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Be not anxious;yesterday is your experience, today is your experiment and tomorrow is your expectation. Maximize the time!
James Ticknor|Never trust a fiction author. They spend countless hours making you believe in a world they created. They are among the best, most dedicated liars in the world.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|This is the only advice I offer you. Pick the small thing, and carry it on. Let it change your life.
Bertrice Small, This Heart of Mine|Once the Wheel of Love has been set in motion, there is no absolute rule.Your being contains mine; now I am truly part of you. Together as one, we form an unbroken circle of love.The wife is half the man, his priceless friend; Of pleasure, virtue, wealth, his constant source; A help throughout his earthly years; Through life unchanging, even beyond its end.
christopher evan|At least if you don’t ask,I don’t have to lie.I’ve spent most of the pastfew months asleep on the bathroom floor;sick of keeping everything in,too tired to let it out.“Home” is such an empty word.I’m not sure why it feltwhole coming from your mouth.I’m not sure why I feltwhole. We both know I’m just an ideato carve into sheetrockwith swollen fists;leaving worn out holes thatyour heart never fit.I try not to wake up,but my body is used to(everyone leaving)routines.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Money may buy you the means to a happiness, but it cannot buy happiness itself.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Walk with me now into this very bright night, and revere with me in silence what must be God-given and what is surely God-taken.
Roopleen|Don’t ever let rejections or failures put you down and keep you from trying. Believe in yourself, have an unwavering desire to excel, put in your best your efforts, persevere and you will blaze your trail.
Roopleen|You have the ability to shine and make a mark in some field. Your job is to find your niche, excel and build a lasting legacy.
Roopleen|Desires and wishes don’t lead to success. Plans and efforts do. Create a vision, chalk out an action plan, put in your best efforts and give yourself a headstart in achieving your dreams.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Marriage is not the beginning of the journey, nor the end - it is the journey.
Selin Kuscu|I don’t want to be the product of my environment, of the perks of this generation. I want to see the bigger picture, take it into account and make the choices that go beyond what’s right in front of me.I want to be timeless.
Irin Sintriana, Love Sweet Love|Love is a struggle, hard to get and hard to leave.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Do not give a damn what "they" have to say (and you will know who they are) for you are either very right or very wrong, but at least you are very something.
Khalia Hades, The Alaskan Mummy|I have nothing against gay officers, but its time to get your shit straight an leave the drag at home.
Paul David Tripp, A Quest For More: Living For Something Bigger than You|God’s grace invites you to be part of something that is far greater than your boldest and most expansive dream. His grace cuts a hole in your self-built prison and invites you to step into something so huge, so significant that only one word in the Bible can adequately capture it. That word is glory.
Movie Deep Impact|Alan Rittenhouse: I know you're just a reporter, but you used to be a person, right?
Carew Papritz|When do you become a man? When you become your own man. When other men trust you to do a man's work. Trust you with their name, their reputation, their thoughts. Trust you to watch their backs and trust you with their lives.
Philip McKernan|Success is manufactured in the Mind, while Happiness is cultivated in the Soul
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|I'll quote the truth wherever I find it, thank you.
Lucy 'Aisy|Life's like the piano and the violin, it's about how smart you could play the melodies to make a good harmony.
Daniel Willey|Ever since I could read, I’ve wanted to write a book. I never thought I had anything to write about. Maybe you don’t think this is worth writing about. But this book isn’t for you. It’s for me.
Haidji, SG - Suicide Game|You say good-bye, and you think you'll be free. But I'll be awaiting you, in your final destiny.
Andy Warhol, The Philosophy of Andy Warhol|The child-like, gum-chewing naïveté , the glamour rooted in despair, the self admiring carelessness, the perfected otherness, the wispiness, the shadowy, voyeuristic, vaguely sinister aura, the pale, soft-spoken magical presence, the skin and bones…
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|I've never been thrown out of a pub, but I've fallen into quite a few
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|HungerYou are only here now, and then you are gone. So be hungry. Hunger toward beauty. Hunger toward love. Hunger towards the unimaginable and unthinkable.
Brian W. Porter|You're never lost. You always know exactly where you are. You're right here. It's just that sometimes you've misplaced your destination.Brian W. Porter 2005Have you ever wondered how the computer you're using got to the store? How about your medicines, the food you eat, the clothes you wear, the furniture, the plants in the garden center? Do they have a railroad right there? Does merchandise magically appear? Only if you grow your own food, make your own clothes, make your own tools, cut your own wood, and make your own furniture, can you get away from trucking. Everything you see, even the nature outside in some places, has been on at least one truck.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|When do you become a man? Becoming a man means doing the right thing even though it may be hard or difficult. Boys do what is easiest. A man does what is right, whether easy or not.
Ace Antonio Hall|I honor the past. I'm loyal to the future. But I fight with the present. Since NOW's where I belong, every battle's fought with urgency.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|While all the universe and my family are still sleeping, I will walk among the red and blue twinkle-lights of the living room, to sit and gaze upon the pretty white angel atop the tree and say silent prayers, remembering what was good in the world and why I was brought here to remember.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|You might want more time in your life to attempt the things you like to do, and not just perform the things you have to do.
Jill Telford, Walk Like a Giant|People say they walk on the shoulders of giants. True, but have you ever walked like one?
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|A Good Man. Every night, like a question-and-answer prayer, my son and I recite...What are you going to be? And he says...An honest man. A fair man. A courageous man. And a good man. That's the most important thing, Papa. And my job is finally done. For the night.
Ellen J. Barrier|There is a better future, with a greater purpose. One can find it, only if he or she searches for it.
Taylor Grace|Don’t approach a dragon from the front, a jakkar from the back or a norn from any side. Annuan saying.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|These Moments Cascade Upon One Another"Here at shepherd's dusk, in a valley without echo, I listen for you. With a frayed longing, I hear your shadow voice whispering within me from far away. I grasp at what is left of this husky sun lying golden upon the upper meadows of lodge pole and bear grass. I gather the last remnants of the evening's breeze, so cool and lazy within my arms, feeling it curl up like a small and innocent kitten. And I see that behind a cloak of clouds, dalliance suits the canting moon. Suddenly I do not wish to lose another moment, And I covet all pristine light.
Ace Antonio Hall|November 20th, 2013. A new beginning. A new day. Reborn. Time to grow. Hello world! I am yours. Feed me, I am full of curiosity. Awakened.
Oliver Bowden, Assassin's Creed: The Secret Crusade|What is the truth?’ he asked. ‘We place faith in ourselves,’ replied Altaïr (...) ‘We see the world as it really is, and hope that one day all mankind might see the same.’‘What is the world, then?’‘An illusion,’ replied Altaïr. ‘One we can either submit to – as most do – or transcend.’‘And what is it to transcend?’'To recognize that laws arise not from divinity, but reason. I understand now that our Creed does not command us to be free.’ And suddenly he really did understand. ‘It commands us to be wise
Rhonda Byrne, Hero|Life is not about negative circumstances that happen to you, it's about what you do with the golden opportunities hidden within!
Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Gift from the Sea|It is the wilderness inthe mind, the desert wastes in the heart through which one wanders lost and a stranger. When one is astranger to oneself then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then onecannot touch others.
Oliver Bowden, Assassin's Creed: The Secret Crusade|They do not learn, fixed in their ways as they are. You are naïve tothink otherwise. It’s an illness, Assassin, for which there is but one cure.’‘You’re wrong. And that’s why you must be put to rest.’‘Am I not unlike those precious books you seek to save? A source of knowledgewith which you disagree? Yet you’re rather quick to steal my life.’‘A small sacrifice to save many. It is necessary.
Layne Beachley|Put your hand on your heart and ask yourself, what do I want? The first thing that comes to mind is always the right one.
Diane Ackerman, The Zookeeper's Wife|For if I do something, I never do it thoughtlessly.
Jim George, One-Minute Insights for Men|It's not your schedule that keeps you from praying, it's your failure to realize the importance of prayer.
Jamie L. Harding|If you're going to fall in love with anyone, fall in love with a writer. Allow yourself to become immortalised in words.
Diana Rose Morcilla|Now let's talk about dreams. Yes. Dreams. I believe that dreams are one of the best thing in the world. It's so powerful. Because of people dreaming; things are being done and things are being made. Things happen. Dreams are being manifested to beautiful things. Dreams can make people happy, but sad as well (if they don't happen). Well let me tell you, I believe dreams come true because one person decided it so.
Diana Rose Morcilla|D.D.R.C.T. which stands for "Dreams Do Really Come True". Yes, I'm a firm believer about that. I can even stand in a crowd and be an ambassador of Dreams Do Come True Club.
Jamie L. Harding|She did not respond, only clung harder to my embrace, and I held her with all the afflictions of a man torn by love. What a miracle she was, what a truly exquisite paragon of beauty and virtue so incredibly combined. And all perhaps wrenched from my grasp because of a war I had no real interest in nor knowledge of. In that moment I did not care who won, if only it would end and I could be with her. I would accept the whole responsibility of defeat if I had to, if only it meant a life with her by my side.I just wanted her. Needed her. As simply and clearly as one needs food and oxygen and light, I needed her in my life.And above us, flittering tranquilly in the trees above, the finches and skylarks continued to sing peacefully into the fading sun.
Mehek Bassi|The term - 'Fairy-Tales' is so ironical in itself, when I sometimes sit to write love stories with a happy ending, it usually drags me into a dilemma whether, I should even begin with a love story at first place or not? Because honestly, I haven't seen many of them reaching climax, most of them just die out in the mid. Then comes the concept of fairy tales or what we say 'fiction', where nothing is impossible!But over time, if I've realized something, it is that there's no such term called fiction when it comes to reality! Its harsh, in-your-face-sarcastic, ironical and highly irrational. You can't expect what's coming up next, and how it's going to blow you. In the real life, the entire meaning of fiction ceases to exist. Conclusively, we writers, deal with harsh reality and write lively fictions, this job in itself is so ironical but, that's life...
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I remember once kissing you, your face lit by northern stars. Promising to grow old with you, and now so simply breaking the promise.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I travel to be replenished with beauty, for travel makes the beauty of this world seem like a Christmas that never ends.
Ace Antonio Hall|The best thing about this journey is I know I have it in me to keep going. Battle-tested, you know? Now, my heart laughs at the word 'quit'.
Tony Newton, The Zombie Rule Book: A Zombie Apocalypse Survival Guide|Make goals, dream big, live with passion.
Ashley Tia Long|I often get asked the question, 'If you had to compare your writing to an author who would it be?' My answer is always the same; the author I compare myself to is me. Every writer has a unique style relevant to only themselves. I am nothing like other authors; some aspects of my writing may have similarities to another, but in the end, each and every one of us is different.
Jessica Clare, Stranded with a Billionaire|Love is not control, Logan. Love is partnership. Friendship. A wise man once said, 'If you want to be loved, be lovable.
Nick Offerman, Paddle Your Own Canoe: One Man's Fundamentals for Delicious Living|Instead of playing Draw Something, fucking draw something
Katja Michael, She Came at Dawn|I’ve read somewhere in a book when something happens that is unbearable to you, sometimes, time stops. Like your inner clock just stops working, even if the world keeps spinning you will stand still for the rest of your life.
Hafsah Laziaf, Unbreathable|The fire crackled. On Jutaire, without oxygen, the fire is different. Fed by different air. Maybe it wishes it were orange, for it sputters and reaches up to the sky with angry fists of blue and purple. It still doesn't know we can't all get what we want.
E.L. James|Oh... Blip. Yeah, I see." He sounds distracted, awed. "Your child," I whisper."Our child." He counters.
Amy Leach, Things That Are|Whether people need nature or not, it was clear that nature needed people. But perhaps nature needs us like a hostage needs her captors: nature needs us not to annihilate her, not to run her over, not to cover her with cement, not to chop her down. We can hardly admire ourselves, then, when we stop to accommodate nature's needs: we are dubious heroes who create peril and then save it's victims, we who rescue the animals and the trees from ourselves.
Ricky Maye, Barefoot Christianity|The past does not define me, it ignites me. The past is not a piece of me, it has placed me.
Hafsah Laziaf, Unbreathable|When I think of war, I see blood. Pain and suffering. Nothing good comes from war.But there is good. There will be an outcome. One side will find peace, solace. While the other will end in bitter loss.There are two sides to the coin of war.
Pen|Without a sense of humor, you don't have much sense at all.
Nina Jean Slack|Writing has become more than just a profession, and hobby…it has become a way to express my feelings and pour my entire soul into the pages of my books. Thank God for the little things in life that makes us feel infinite and tranquil…the little things that make way for us to escape reality and enter new worlds that we create. -Nina Jean Slack
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic & Baby|Love is all that counts in this crazy, mixed-up world...
Kandi Steiner, Tag Chaser|We all know I’m marrying you, as soon as you get over your thing with dog tags and realize a stethoscope is way sexier, anyway.” - Tanner
Eleanor Keane, The Breathing Ghosts|He used to call vampires "the breathing ghosts"- for, as he put it, we existed in a kind of limbo-land between the living and the dead. We breathed, but we were not alive. We flitted through the air, but we still left foot prints on the ground. We were, and are, neither one nor the other, but something else entirely.
Sonnia Kemmer|Being a writer means expressing with passion your imagination, nightmares, dreams, experiences and reality through words on paper. You are a successful writer when readers criticize, get emotionally affected by, and praise your written work. As a writer, rejections are paths to success. Being prepared for it is like wearing a powerful armor in battles unknown. Continue to write. It is a writer's mighty shield and weapon.
Sharon Lathan, Loving Mr. Darcy: Journeys Beyond Pemberley|Marriage as it should be... two individuals loving the other more than they cared for themselves. Giving and giving until theoretically they should be empty, yet always invigorated with more to give.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Avoid the stage of old age sit in the audience, it's all the rage
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Respect both what you need to know and what you don't need to know. Respect mystery, for mystery is still needed to run the universe." -- The Legacy Letters﻿, by Carew Papritz"Things I didn't know.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|We don't know what's happened out there since they put us in here, or how many generations have lived and died since they did.We could be the last people left.
Tia Walker, The Inspired Caregiver: Finding Joy While Caring for Those You Love|In the heart or every caregiver is a knowing that we are all connected. As I do for you, I do for me.
Leo Buscaglia|Education should be the process of helping everyone to discover his uniqueness." -Leo Buscaglia (1924-1998)
Sikhwetha maanda stanley|Only once in my lifetime , I truly believe I find someone who can turn my world around , I share dreams that I never achieved and goals that were achieved , but there was always a part of me that hoped for more , and so there was a part of me that was always a fool ,
Chelsea Fine, Sophie & Carter|She just keeps kissing my scars. Every scar. She knows about them all. She watched them all appear and heal. Sophie's lips against me make every punch, every kick, every wound, every scar worth it.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I travel because it makes me realize how much I haven't seen, how much I'm not going to see, and how much I still need to see."- The Legacy Letters, by Carew Papritz
Marieta Maglas|When nature suffers because it is destroyed by human activities, the notion of beauty is really losing its meaning, because nothing is more aesthetic than the natural beauty.
Sikhwetha maanda|My first crush use to think I hate her cuz never find time to chat with her , is only Hi and hellow that all , but not knowing that deep down in my soul and heart she is the first and last I want , but hey is fine now , she end up with some fox who loves her ,
Laure Lacornette|I have no more goals, all I'm gonna do is deal with the days Nature will give me along. I have lost too much strength on futile things until then !
Laure Lacornette|To be forced to endure something because you have no money to counter it ; this fact is totally unfair and I can't, personally, tolerate it.
Leslie Austin|Writers need faith, or else we can never trust the action of our words!
Brandy Nacole, Sacrifice: A New Dawn|A woman can lend a man the strength to conquer a kingdom, and bring him to his knees with one breath.
Brandy Nacole, Sacrifice: A New Dawn|The actions of yesterday, the pretenses of tomorrow, and the presence of now, have forever added to history.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If a quote changes your life in a good way, keep it in your mind and in your heart to give it to someone else too!
Brandy Nacole, Sacrifice: A New Dawn|She clenches the crystal necklace that Dagna gave me, the one I always wear. “Never lose this, Harmony. It is a symbol of the beginning. The power that still lingers inside it will help you, but even as it fades, the memory of everything until now will carry you as if it were still strong.
Brandy Nacole, Sacrifice: A New Dawn|I guess it’s worth a shot.” More than likely a wasted bullet, but I’ll fire anyway.
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|Just start somewhere," Dr. Marshall had said to me as I ground a banana-pineapple one to bits between my teeth. "It doesn't have to be at the beginning." She'd pulled her legs up, Indian-style, letting the legal pad she'd been holding drop to the floor."I thought everything always had to start at the beginning," I said. "Not in this room," she said easily. "Go ahead, Caitlin. Just tell me one thing. It gets easier, I promise. The first thing is always the hardest." I looked down at my hands, stained mildly red from the particularly sticky watermelon Rancher. "Okay," I said, reaching forward to take another one out of the bowl, just in case. She was already sitting back in her chair, readying herself for whatever glimpse I would give her into the mess I'd become. "What was the name of Pygmalion's sister?"She blinked, twice, obviously surprised. "Ummm," she said, keeping her eyes on me. "I don't know.""Rogerson did," I told her. "Rogerson knew everything.
Nina Jean Slack|Always write exactly what you’re feeling at the exact moment when writing something like poetry or an emotional novel. Put yourself, pour all emotions into your work…make yourself cry, feel joy if you are writing joyful things, feel lovey if it calls for it…just put your heart and soul into all that you do…then you will be a good writer when you can make whoever reads your work, feel." -Nina Jean Slack
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Sent|To quote a famous philosopher revered in my time 'But this is no different from regular life. When have you ever known what's going to happen in the future?'" Wait a minute, Jonah thought. I said that. Back at Westminster, with Katherine. Does that mean I'm going to be a famous philosopher in the future? Does that mean I'm going to be revered? There wasn't time to ask.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|When it comes to words, rather than using our own voice, authentic and unpracticed, we steal someone else's to shield our fear.
Christy Jordan, Come Home to Supper: Over 200 Casseroles, Skillets, and Sides (Desserts, Too!) to Feed Your Family with Love|Each day when you wake up you have a choice: You can have a good day, or you can have a bad day. So you might as well have a good one.
Nina G. Jones, Strapped|Shy, all those things you listed don’t make a person. They don’t. I mean it. You’re beautiful, both inside and outside, but please don’t look at me to validate that. You have to know it for yourself. -Taylor Holden, Strapped.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|You do right by me, I'll show you a life most suckers can't even dream of.
Mitch Kynock|Never feel that you are alone, as someone is always be your side.
Saru Singhal|Without sense of direction, efforts land nowhere.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|This was how girls left. They packed up their suitcases and walked away in high heels. They pretended they weren't crying, that it wasn't the worst day of their lives.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|Authentic happiness lies in your state of perspective and not all about the state of your income. Real happiness runs deep from within and does not just walk on shallow waters."- Elizabeth's Quotes
Leslie Austin|Only those who believe can achieve what others merely dream about. However, without these same dreams we will achieve little. Dream AND believe to ACHIEVE!!!
Rocio Sanchez|And she saw beauty even in the tiny sparkles of dust suspended in the air, high above.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A wise quote can only change a wise man! Therefore, wise sayings are for the wise men, not for the fools! The sunflowers turn their face toward the Sun, the fools, toward the darkness!
John   Dunn, Loopers: A Caddie's Twenty-Year Golf Odyssey|The mornings came hard, and our caddie master, Dick Millweed, had a temper that could make a hangover seem like a seismic fracture. He was a small man with a soft, friendly voice. He was not intimidating at all, until he lost it. In his defense, he took shit from all sides - from the members who wanted their favorite caddie and their preferred tee time, from the golf staff who wanted him to perform a million menial duties, and from us when we showed up bleary eyed and incoherent and sometimes didn't show up at all. And God forbid a caddie should stumble in late, because then Millweed's lips would begin to tremble and his blue eyes would explode from his head. They grew as large as saucers and shook as though his skull was suffering earthquake. And he appeared to grow with them. It was like some shaman or yogi trick. Pound for pound, I've never met anyone else who could so effectively deliver anger. He would yell, "You like fucking with me, don't you? You like making me look bad! You wake up and say, 'Today I'm gonna fuck with Millweed!' and it makes you happy, doesn't it?"And we had no choice but to stand there and take it - hang our heads and blubber apologies and promise never to be hung over again, never to show up late again, because he held the ultimate trump card _ he could fire us and cut us off from the golden tit. But once we were out on the course walking it off, the hanover and any cares associated with it (including Millweed) evaporated into the light mountain air. And after the round, with our pockets replenished and our spirits restored by the carefree, self-congratulatory ebullience of the uberrich, we were powerless to resist the siren song of clinking glasses, the inviting golden light of the street lamps and tavern windows in town, and the slopeside hot tubs steaming under the stars. We all jumped ship and dined, danced, and romanced the night away and then were dashed against the rocks of Millweed's wrath all over again the next morning.
Nina Jean Slack, Little Effie's Book Of Poetry|Although my road to writing seems like it may have come easily, there were a few bumps in that road. I didn’t get a lot of encouragement from friends, although my family were great supporters. I also had many…what you would call “mind-boggling” moments, when I would doubt myself and what I was writing. It has been said that we, ourselves, are our own worst critics.All the hard work had payed off though, and I created a children’s book that I am proud of, and an unforgettable little girl that will touch the hearts of many.”-Nina Jean Slack
B.K.S. Iyengar, Light on Life|You must purge yourself before finding faults in others.When you see a mistake in somebody else, try to find if you are making the same mistake.This is the way to take judgment and to turn it into improvement.Do not look at others' bodies with envy or with superiority.All people are born with different constitutions.Never compare with others.Each one's capacities are a function of his or her internal strength.Know your capacities and continually improve upon them.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|Islam expect every Muslim to do this duty, and if we realise our responsibility time will come soon when we shall justify ourselves worthy of a glorious past.
Tiffany King|All the whispering, glaring, pointing and judging makes them no better than whoever or whatever it is they're gossiping about.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|Come forward as servants of Islam, organize the people economically, socially, educationally and politically and I am sure that you will be a power that will be accepted by everybody.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|You know that passage in the Bible that says, “And the meek shall inherit the Earth”? Always wondered if that was mistranslated. Perhaps it actually says, “And the geek shall inherit the Earth.
David Levithan, Every Day|It’s okay,” I tell her.“It is okay to be happy
Mahavira|Can you hold a red-hot iron rod in your hand merely because some one wants you to do so? Then, will it be right on your part to ask others to do the same thing just to satisfy your desires? If you cannot tolerate infliction of pain on your body or mind by others' words and actions, what right have you to do the same to others through your words and deeds?Do unto others as you would like to be done by. Injury or violence done by you to any life in any form, animal or human, is as harmful as it would e if caused to your own self.
Richelle Mead, Bloodlines|As much as I hated to admit it, I kind of looked forward to seeing him. It made no sense, but something about his infuriating nature made me forget about my other worries. Weirdly, I felt like I could relax around him.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|But I think you’re beautiful. You’re lovely.” I shifted uncomfortably under the intense scrutiny and prickling heat in his eyes. “Thanks?” He thinks I'm…lovely? The idea that Kyle thought I was not just hot, but lovely, sent pangs of something like fear through me, an intense pressure in my heart.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Great songs don't grow on trees, yet lots of songs have been written on great trees
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|It's good to let your mind wonder, as long as you know where it's going
Gabriel Boutros, The Guilty|The truth, in the right hands, can be a very flexible tool.
Bernard Cornwell, The Winter King|Nor did he care about his childhood, for certainly I never heard him speak of it. I once questioned him about his early days and he would not answer. ‘What is the egg to the eagle?’ he asked me…
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|In the big scheme of things, it’s the little things that matter
Ashley Chunell|Stick to what you know and always be true to yourself. If you do that, your writing will be true, also.
Jac Prescott|One thing I’ve learned about art is that, it’s not perfect. It doesn’t have to be a flawless masterpiece. I’m not perfect, we’re not perfect… but right here, right now… is perfect. It’s a masterpiece.
Iyanla Vanzant|Fear wears so many clever disguises it is virtually impossible to always recognize it. Fear disguises itself as the need to be somewhere else, doing something else, not knowing how to do something or not needing to do something.
Mindee Arnett, The Nightmare Affair|I didn't do anything wrong. I swear.'He grunted. 'Like I've never heard that before. Funny, but I expected a little more originality from Moira's daughter.''Yeah, well, the dog ate my notebook with all my good excuses.
Mark Twain|Heaven is by favor; if it were by merit your dog would go in and you would stay out. Of all the creatures ever made (man) is the most detestable. Of the entire brood, he is the only one... that possesses malice. He is the only creature that inflicts pain for sport, knowing it to be pain.
Cecelia Ahern, The Time of My Life|Imagine you had a friend who was there for you all the time and you were there for them, but they stopped being there for you as much as they used to which you can understand a little because people have things to do, but then they’re around less and less no matter how much you try to reach out to them. Then suddenly one day - nothing - they’re gone. Just like that. Then you write to them, and you’re ignored, and then you write to them again and you’re ignored and finally you write to them for a third time and they barely even want to make the appointment, they’re so busy with their job, their friends and their car. How would you feel?
Gary Young, No Other Life|I would live forever if I could, but not like this.
Cecelia Ahern, The Time of My Life|I generally don’t become overexcited about things anyway, I’m just not one of those people.I’m not easily surprised by things either. I think it’s because I expect that anything can happen. That makes me sound like a believer and I’m not necessarily that either. I’ll phrase it better: I just accept things that happen. All things.
Cole Ryan|I believe being a ‘gentleman’ goes well beyond holding the door for a girl and letting her go before you. It’s about being vulnerable for her. I think that when it comes to the way we treat women, it’s a good idea to look to the way Jesus treated women. He laid His life down for His bride,He sacrificed for her,He lowered Himself for her,He was vulnerable for her.We must love women vulnerably in the same way that Jesus loved His bride vulnerably. Being a gentleman is far more than being caring and thoughtful, it’s about possessing sacrificial and vulnerable Christ-like characteristics. I don’t know if it’s possible to be a gentleman without knowing and representing the character of Jesus.
Saskia Walker, The Jezebel|They are my men and this ship my responsibility. I vowed no woman would ever alter my path. Yet I kept them from ending you, and it makes me sick to the gut, for I would still rather die myself than see one hair on your head damaged by another man.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|Then I saw his kind eyes, a comfort I desired. Then I saw his height, a knight I needed by my side. Then I saw his body, a man I surrendered to.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|I do not condemn either the rich or the poor, but the consequences of these two.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|My lips swelled with red freshness, my chest heaved proudly with a pair of pointed African drums, my face tempted with its sweetness like Kilimanjaro waters and my height spoke a language only a Maasai warrior knew.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|Right now in this world, a child is dying from an ailment because its family cannot afford to buy charcoal for boiling water.Right now in this world, a girl is striving to find firewood from trees that no more exist, and water from sources that are poisonous.Right now in this world, a boy is out fishing in a lake rich with inedible species.Right now in this world, a mother is drowning in heavy rainfall, to save her belongings.Right now in this world, a man has lost his dignity because all his eff orts to save have been wiped away to poverty by unforeseen calamities.Right now in this world, a family is starving because drought has invaded their once fertile land.Right now in this world, a nation is planning for refugee status due to adverse climate conditions.Right now in this world, you have a choice to help alleviate environmental problems caused by humankind.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|Have you ever entered a kitchen to find a woman, her legs crossed while the rest of her body is dressed in colourful khanga, smiling at you while her hands are making a melodious song with a coconut grater? Have you ever wondered how any woman size can fit on that grater regardless of their body size? The time for wondering is over. East Africa heartily welcomes you to see for yourself. Go and visit it.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|You will experience a lot of imaginings as usually is for humans although we tend to pretend that all our thoughts are septic and moral. Feelcomfortable with your thoughts. Trust me dear child, no human is spared from wild thoughts and you too will have them. Nothing should limit you my child. But the minute you decide to speak out your thinking or live them, you should be ready for the consequences too.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|If a lion can growl, why shouldn’t a man cry?
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|I refuse to behave fraudulently, as if I was anything else but African.
Ali Harris|Have you ever given yourself to a kiss so completely, that you felt like you surrendered some of yourself and replaced it with a part of them?
Ali Harris|Kiss till you can't kiss any more, kiss on the street in front of everyone, kiss as if each one were the last.
Ali Harris, The First Last Kiss|Make every kiss a celebration, throw a party for every one.
John Green, Paper Towns|You shall no longer take things at second or third hand.... nor look through the eyes of the dead.... nor feed on the spectres in books. I tramp a perpetual journey All goes onward and outward.... and nothing collapses, And to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier. If no other in the world be aware I sit content, And if each and all be aware I sit content. The final three stanzas of 'Song of Myself" were also highlighted. I bequeath myself to the dirt to grow from the grass I love, If you want me again look for me under your bootsoles. You will hardly know who I am or what I mean, But I shall be good health to your nevertheless, And filter and fibre your blood. Failing to fetch me at first keep encouraged, Missing me one places search another, I stop some where waiting for you It became a weekend of reading, of trying to see her in the fragments of the poem she'd left for me. I could never get anywhere with the lines, but I kepr thinking about them anyway, becase I didn't want to disappoint her. She wanted me to play out with the string, to find the place where she had stopped and was waiting for me, to follow the bread crumb trail until it dead-ended into her.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, I Am Tausi|We should all celebrate the magnitude of diverse and unique souls that live in our world today, for it is an essence that makes our lives colourful every singleday.
Anne-Rae Vasquez, Doubt|There are rules to the game but I don’t believe that we need to be bound by them. If it feels appropriate to follow the rules, then by all means, follow them. If it feels better to break the rules, be creative and do it.
A.J. Shazad|Stop worrying about life, no one survived it.
Sarah Bakewell, How to Live: A Life of Montaigne in One Question and Twenty Attempts at An Answer|He blushed to see other Frenchmen overcome with joy whenever they met a compatriot abroad. The would fall on each other, cluster in a raucous group, and pass whole evenings complaining about the barbarity of the locals. These were the few who actually noticed that locals did things differently. Others managed to travel so ‘covered and wrapped in a taciturn and incommunicative prudence, defending themselves from the contagion of an unknown atmosphere’ that they noticed nothing at all.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, I Am Tausi|Many years ago, I left my home country very narrow minded. Today I return with an educated mind, able to understand why my culture is as it is and still be very proud of it.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, I Am Tausi|I am also open minded to embrace strange notions and respect its bearers without harsh judgement. Exposure has made me feel confident and wiser to choose what feels right for me, in order to be the best human being for myself and others.
SalemIsaac|Dont forget to pray today, because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, I Am Tausi|Life at home is at a pace which allows you to appreciate what it has to offer. Simultaneously you get a chance to reflect on what you wish from it. Our development also goes at the same pace, which is not something that everyone appreciates.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, I Am Tausi|Then I learnt of “white Christmas”, which again I found very peculiar since we always have a white Christmas at home for it never passes by without eating rice. That is our white Christmas.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, I Am Tausi|Drooling over an African figure that I could never have, I feasted my eyes uponthe swaying mounds of my fellow African sisters.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|She is a woman, how can you confuse her for a man?
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|That's what I meant,' said Pippin. 'We hobbits ought to stick together, and we will. I shall go, unless they chain me up. There must be someone with intelligence in the party.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated: The Life Of A Boy Who Never Knew A Mother's Love|Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond who you were.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|To my mind the most interesting thing in art is the personality of the artist; and if that is singular, I am willing to excuse a thousand faults.
Thomas Amo, Forever ME|We all say and do things we regret, but it’s never to late to change, apologize and become a better person
Robert M. Stroud|Always tell yourself that you are as good as anyone that breathes; that you have two hands and a brain, and a little time in which to use them. But they are enough, and no one has any more. And if you train and force them to serve you well, you can reach any height to which you aspire. But to waste any of them is to betray yourself.
K.A. Mitchell, Bad Company|So does that mean if you won’t fuck me because I’m high, I could fuck you because you’re not?
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|The house was left; the house was deserted. It was left like a shell on a sandhill to fill with dry salt grains now that life had left it. The long life seemed to have set in; the trifling airs, nibbling, the clammy breaths, fumbling, seemed to have triumphed. ..
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|If you find yourself cutting corners, go in a circle instead
Lawrence Wright, Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief|VERY EARLY ONE MORNING in July 1977, the FBI, having been tipped off about Operation Snow White, carried out raids on Scientology offices in Los Angeles and Washington, DC, carting off nearly fifty thousand documents. One of the files was titled “Operation Freakout.” It concerned the treatment of Paulette Cooper, the journalist who had published an exposé of Scientology, The Scandal of Scientology, six years earlier. After having been indicted for perjury and making bomb threats against Scientology, Cooper had gone into a deep depression. She stopped eating. At one point, she weighed just eighty-three pounds. She considered suicide. Finally, she persuaded a doctor to give her sodium pentothal, or “truth serum,” and question her under the anesthesia. The government was sufficiently impressed that the prosecutor dropped the case against her, but her reputation was ruined, she was broke, and her health was uncertain. The day after the FBI raid on the Scientology headquarters, Cooper was flying back from Africa, on assignment for a travel magazine, when she read a story in the International Herald Tribune about the raid. One of the files the federal agents discovered was titled “Operation Freakout.” The goal of the operation was to get Cooper “incarcerated in a mental institution or jail.
Traci LaRussa|May our eyes focus rightly on Christ ... before the need to please others, before church, and before the busyness of Christian life. Those things will surely have their place, but they will be most valuable if put in their proper position.
L.L. Caulton|inspiration is not a thing, its every thing, open your eyes and inspiration is everywhere.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|A thin man can squeeze into a fat body, yet you can only squeeze a fat man to become thin
Elizabeth E. Castillo|You are the captain of your emotions. No one and nothing can control those feelings except you. You have the sole ability to either let these make or break you, inspire or destroy you."- Elizabeth's Quotes
Faydra D. Fields, 30 Quotes 30 Days, Volume 1|Letting go is impossible when you're holding a grudge." -Faydra D. Fields
Mary J. McCoy-Dressel, Howdy, Ma'am|It's Ms. Armano.”“Oh, Ms, huh. One of those women's libbers?” He chuckled, glancing up at her. “I prefer independent woman who can make it on her own. Lucky for you I'd say if I decide to accept your offer.
Ally Condie, Reached|Some people think the stars must look closer from up here. They don't. When you're up here, you realize how distant they really are—how impossible to reach.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Could the two people who are making out please be quiet?" the Colonel asked loudly from his sleeping bag. "Those of us who are not making out are drunk and tired.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|If I could, I'd write a huge encyclopedia just about the words luck and coincidence
Kiyohiko Azuma, Yotsuba&!, Vol. 03|Yotsuba: I’ll get revenge! … I’m going! Jumbo (in a suffering manner): Yotsuba… please, come back alive… Yotsuba (heroic): Alright. Even if I die… I’ll come back alive.—–Yotsuba!
Ally Condie, Reached|Some people think the stars must look closer from up here. They don't.When you're up here, you realize how distant they really are--how impossible to reach.
Stephenie Meyer|It was very relaxing to be away from civilization, and this bothered me. I should not have found the loneliness so welcoming.
Tegan Quin|I was a fool for love, I was a fool.
Kendall Schmidt|Kid's, Life's too short to be organized. Follow your dreams first, then organize later.
Mayowa Ajisafe, Eagle Success|Nothing is Impossible. The word "impossible" itself reads "I'm Possible"!
Mira Grant, Feed|Hire new field systems maintainer" was near the top of my to-do list, right under "uncover massive political conspiracy," "avenge Buffy's death," and "don't die.
Massimo Marino|When the Universe is taken into account, nothing is impossible.
J.D. Gallagher|So what do you think?’ He asked, holding up the book.‘I think Salinger is a closet paedophile,’ I replied placidly and was surprised and comforted by this minuscule, acidic, bitter Sylvia Plath like mocking, sniping tone that had crept into my voice. ‘The main character Seymour is a fully grown man and a pervert who befriends young girls with his storytelling and swimming, just to get close enough to groom them in preparation for the inevitable sexual assault he lusts after. You might have noticed for example in A Perfect Day For Bananafish he grabs the young girls-’‘Sybil.’‘He grabs Sybil’s ankles while lying on the beach and again when he pushes her in the water,’ I continued. ‘He goes too far when he kisses the bottom of her foot which makes even a four-year-old yell out in fear, knowing a line had been crossed. Frustrated Seymour walks away and goes back to his hotel where he kills himself in shame.
Craig W. Dressler, Hafren: A Fantasy for the Young at Heart|Daniel 12:3 "...and those who turn the many to righteousness will shine the stars forever.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|I want to go to sleep and not wake up, but I don’t want to die.
Rebecca Donovan|People change. I mean you barely know who you are when you enter, and you spend that time figuring out what you want from life, and who you want in it. The next thing you know, the people you always thought would be there, aren't. A nd the person you thought you could trust with everything, isn't the person you ever knew at all.
Kendall Schmidt|If a girl thinks she isn't beautiful, I'm here to prove her wrong.
Britney Spears|I Know not everyone will like me, but this is who I am So if you don't like it, Tough!
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Falling into true love, is not taking a rope to climb out
Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men|That's No'-as-big-as-Medium-Sized-Jock-but-bigger-than-Wee-Jock-Jock, mistress,' said Not-as-big-as-Medium-Sized-Jock-but-bigger-than-Wee-Jock-Jock. 'Ye were one jock short,' he added helpfully.
Logan Henderson|You can wait your whole life for the right moment and it might never come, so I'm a big believer in making now the right moment.
Logan Henderson|Do something that surprises yourself cause if you don't surprise yourself, you're not going to surprise anybody else.
Kya Aliana|What's the bigger risk: Taking the risk, or not taking the risk? What will you accomplish by not taking the risk? What will you accomplish by taking the risk, even if you fail?
Paul Hoffman, The Left Hand of God|I have a message for your daughter,” said Cale. “I am bound to her with cables that not even God can break. One day, if there is a soft breeze on her cheek, it may be my breath; one night, if the cool wind plays with her hair, it may be my shadow passing by.” And with this terrible threat he faced forward and the procession started once more. In less than a minute they were gone. In her shady room Arbell Swan-Neck stood white and cold as alabaster.
Kendall Schmidt|You don't wait for your dreams to happen, you MAKE them happen.
Logan Henderson|No matter what it is that you want to do, you should dream as big as you can and go for it. Don't let anyone tell you that it can't be done because that's the worst advice. Do whatever you want to do and hard work will make it pay off.
Kya Aliana|Without ambition, no goal can be met.
Paul Hoffman, The Left Hand of God|t was once famously said that it is as well that wars are so ruinously expensive, else we would never stop fighting them. However well said, it seems also to be endlessly forgotten that, while there may be just wars and unjust wars, there are never any cheap wars.
Susan Kirschbaum, Who Town|Preserve your own mystery. We live in an age of social media and what seems like extreme sharing of personal details. I would beg to differ that these revelations are not honest truths but more self-branding. Whatever the case, save a little bit, or a lot, for yourself. If you run around naked all the time, when the storm hits, you’ll have no raincoat.
Brian Keene, A Gathering of Crows|They want to control humankind through what they call selective breeding. The Nazis started it, but now the nwo are continuing it. See, the only way to control population is to first get it back down to manageable size. They're culling the herd, same way the game commission does when deer population gets out of control. That's why we've got diseases like cancer and aids. You telling me that we can put a little goddamn skateboard-looking robot on Mars and have it send pictures back, but we can't find a cure for cancer? There's a cure. You can bet on that, boys. There's a goddamn cure. They just won't release it because cancer helps cut down the population.
Michelle M. Pillow|I would make a HORRIBLE outlaw. I can plan the crime perfectly, but I'd also need to plan the outcomes to make it work.
Paul Hoffman, The Last Four Things|It is not against reason, said the Englishman, to prefer the destruction of the world to a scratch on your finger – how much easier to understand the same price for the gash in your soul.
Kelli Jae Baeli, Achilles Forjan|Sully's, on South Prospect, was the quintessential biker-bar, complete with hefty, leather-clad Harley worshippers, and stringy-haired heroin-addicted women who made the rounds among the bikers. Its décor was decidedly Medieval Garage Sale, with a dose of Americana thrown in. An old motorcycle carcass dangled from the vaulted section of the beamed ceiling, and the wood plank floors were littered with butts, scarred by bottle caps and splattered with homogenized bodily fluids. The only light to be had was from neon, dying sconces, and lit cigarettes. Various medieval swords perched on each wall, reminiscent of the times of Beowulf and Fire Dragons on the Barrow.
T.P. Grish, Steel, Magick and  Faith|There was balance, harsh and violent like the noxious air in a swamp. But balance, nonetheless. Then somewhere in the fickle mists of creation came humanity, clawing and afraid, grasping and ambitious. Enveloped in a dangerous world, these creatures lived as scavengers; afraid of the greater things of the world. They were beset by disease, lack of claws or fangs, and the lack of habitat to call their own. Lefeyhdie had not provided any particular prey or plant for them to eat. These fleshy, naked beings were doomed to die of attrition. Curiously, these beings never stopped Doing, or Thinking. Breeding to strengthen their numbers. Sharpening rocks, shaping wood, gathering leaves and sticks for clothing and shelter. Eventually they had settlements of great number, crude but effective tools of war. Ancient forces began to pay attention to the growing incursion, plaguing them, slaying stragglers at night. But still the humans held on to the edge of the precipice, knuckles white with effort'.
T.P. Grish, Steel, Magick and  Faith|Bah, he still saw the same stupidity. The image of the hanged man in the farming community of Yondern flashed through his mind. Now there was a war brewing between the Steelwielders and some foreign religion. More mindless loss over beliefs and mythology. But.. he could not deny the noble features in his companions. Although Perfidian was too blithe and Elaina too didactic, they had risked their life to do what was right. He did owe them his life. He could not deny the nobility he saw in many different people, bits and pieces of nobility that shined through under pressure. The guards who risked their lives to protect the villagers, Markham who flew at the dangerous dwarf, swords flashing; even an Eruthian merchant who stopped in his journey to share tales with complete strangers'.
Demi Lovato|Do what makes you happy, and don't care what others think.
Juliet Marillier, Daughter of the Forest|You will find the way, daughter of the forest. Through grief and pain, through many trials, through betrayal and loss, your feet will walk a straight path.
Anna Banks|Funny how a little sleep, a little makeup, and a lot of contemplating can make you feel like a different person - a stronger version of yourself.
Jennifer L. Armentrout|Because I know what I feel in here. And I'm not the type of person to run from anything, no matter how hard it is. I'd rather face-plant against a brick wall than live for the rest of my life wondering what could've been. And you know what? I didn't think you were that type to run, either. Maybe I was wrong.
Kelly Vang, Star Watchers|Time is a watchful adversary, who waits enduringly for that merciless hour, hurrying to work the hands of separation.
Anna Banks|We both know dad was my parental trash can, the fatherly receptacle on whom I dumped my emotions.
Deb Caletti, Stay|Fate's got a fucking sick sense of humor. Fate is a shape-shifter. It's the kindest and most generous entity imaginable, laying out more goodness than a person deserves, and then it shrinks and curls and forms into something grotesque. You think its one thing, but then its another.
Francisca Olivia|An opportunity, no matter how small it is, is still worth a golden chance. So take it or have regrets for the rest of your life.
Laure Lacornette|We need space to be productive, we need places to go to be free.
Mitch Winehouse|I felt awful as I drove away to live with Melody in Barnet. I stayed with her for six months before I moved in with Jane. Looking back now, I was a coward for allowing the situation to go on for so long, but I wanted to keep everybody happy. Strangely, after I left I started seeing more of the kids than I had before. My friends thought that Amy didn’t seem much affected by the divorce, and when I asked her if she wanted to talk about it, she said, ‘You’re still my dad and Mum’s still my mum. What’s to talk about?
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|To be a highflier and a name to conjure with, you must decide your dimension, plan your path, master the moment, focus on the future, determine your degree, push your persistence and leadyour life.
Lauren Barnholdt|If you want to know the truth,” he says, leaning forward like he’s getting ready to tell a really good story, “it has to do with Kelsey. And the biggest lie of all.”And that’s when I realize the thing about the truth. It always comes out, no matter what you do.
Kai Mann|Take the time to plant seeds even if you're unsure if they'll grow; who knows, maybe all it takes is for someone else to come along and water it.
Ciarán West|Ah, yeah. Yeah, tis awful all right. Well, your Mam wanted me to talk to you about it, but…’He stopped; he didn’t know what else to say.‘Yeah? Ah, I know the score, Dad. She wants me to be careful, is it?’‘Ah, no. Well, yeah; there’s that, of course. No, she wanted… well, if you’d any questions, youknow?’ I wasn’t sure if he wanted me to say yes, or if he just wanted me to say no, and save himhaving to be awkward. He looked lost. I felt like I wanted to save him‘No, I’ve no questions, Dad. It’s all right, shur.’ He looked at me then. His eyes went wet, likehe was going to start bawling. If we were in a film, he might have hugged me. But we were inLimerick, so he just said:‘Well, so,’ and put his one glove back on.From The Boys of Summer
Christina Mobley|The seasons are colliding together, storms are destroying lives, and love is a dangerous curse.-The Vangeretta Curse
Martyn Bedford|This time he was underwater, running, feet sinking deeper and deeper into the seabed. The surface was within reach if he raised his arms, but he couldn’t get his head out of the water. He had to breathe. The compulsion to inhale was huge. But he couldn’t, musn’t. Still he ran, getting nowhere, each frantic step burying his feet in the wet sand until he was no longer able to lift them. Finally, with one great gulp, he opened his mouth, his lungs to the flood of seawater.
Tom Vater|Mee and Ow sat in the shade of a mango tree and were doing their make-up. Both of them wore gloves that reached all the way up to their elbows, to keep the tropical sun off their skins. They looked briefly at Maier, with the curiosity usually reserved for a passing dog. It was too early for professional enthusiasm.
Mark Mills, The Information Officer|He dusted off the shoulder tab and stared at it, so light in his hand, so inconsequential. It was hard to believe that a shred of cloth could have so much destructive power locked away in it.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.- Atticus Finch
August Wilson|Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
Mark Twain|Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|There are so many ways to be brave in this world. Sometimes bravery involves laying down your life for something bigger than yourself, or for someone else. Sometimes it involves giving up everything you have ever known, or everyone you have ever loved, for the sake of something greater.But sometimes it doesn't.Sometimes it is nothing more than gritting your teeth through pain, and the work of every day, the slow walk toward a better life. That is the sort of bravery I must have now.
Margaret Mitchell|With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.
Ann Landers|Some people believe holding on and hanging in there are signs of great strength. However, there are times when it takes much more strength to know when to let go and then do it.
Lemony Snicket|At times the world may seem an unfriendly and sinister place, but believe that there is much more good in it than bad. All you have to do is look hard enough. and what might seem to be a series of unfortunate events may in fact be the first steps of a journey.
Adam Lindsay Gordon|Life is mostly froth and bubble,Two things stand like stone.Kindness in another's trouble,Courage in your own.
J.M. Coetzee|Become major, Paul. Live like a hero. That's what the classics teach us. Be a main character. Otherwise what is life for?
Michael J. Fox|One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.
J.R.R. Tolkien|It is not the strength of the body that counts, but the strength of the spirit.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Blood Noir|Before I knew you, I thought brave was not being afraid. You've taught me that bravery is being terrified and doing it anyway.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|What we call our destiny is truly our character and that character can be altered. The knowledge that we are responsible for our actions and attitudes does not need to be discouraging, because it also means that we are free to change this destiny. One is not in bondage to the past, which has shaped our feelings, to race, inheritance, background. All this can be altered if we have the courage to examine how it formed us. We can alter the chemistry provided we have the courage to dissect the elements.
Desmond Tutu|If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. If an elephant has its foot on the tail of a mouse, and you say that you are neutral, the mouse will not appreciate your neutrality.
John Wayne|Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Go back?" he thought. "No good at all! Go sideways? Impossible! Go forward? Only thing to do! On we go!" So up he got, and trotted along with his little sword held in front of him and one hand feeling the wall, and his heart all of a patter and a pitter.
Maya Angelou|I believe that the most important single thing, beyond discipline and creativity is daring to dare.
Shannon L. Alder|One of the greatest regrets in life is being what others would want you to be, rather than being yourself.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Courage is not simply one of the virtues but the form of every virtue at the testing point, which means at the point of highest reality. 
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|An unbelieved truth can hurt a man much more than a lie. It takes great courage to back truth unacceptable to our times. There's a punishment for it, and it's usually crucifixion.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|Sometimes, making the wrong choice is better than making no choice. You have the courage to go forward, that is rare. A person who stands at the fork, unable to pick, will never get anywhere.
E.E. Cummings, E. E. Cummings: A Miscellany Revised|Anybody can learn to think, or believe, or know, but not a single human being can be taught to feel... the moment you feel, you're nobody ― but-yourself ― in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else ― means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight, and never stop fighting.
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|You have plenty of courage, I am sure," answered Oz. "All you need is confidence in yourself. There is no living thing that is not afraid when it faces danger. The true courage is in facing danger when you are afraid, and that kind of courage you have in plenty.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl Who Played with Fire|But she wished she had had the guts to go up to him and say hello. Or possibly break his legs, she wasn't sure which.
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War|Self-control is the chief element in self-respect, and self-respect is the chief element in courage.
Madeleine L'Engle|We have to be braver than we think we can be, because God is constantly calling us to be more than we are.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|It is hard to be brave, when you're only a Very Small Animal.
Nobuhiro Watsuki|You can always die. It's living that takes real courage." - Himura Kenshin
Alexandra Monir, Timeless|There is nothing in this life that can destroy you but yourself. Bad things happen to everyone, but when they do, you can't just fall apart and die. You have to fight back. If you don't, you're the one who loses in the end. But if you do keep going and fight back, you win.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|I know what I want, I have a goal, an opinion, I have a religion and love. Let me be myself and then I am satisfied. I know that I’m a woman, a woman with inward strength and plenty of courage.
Joyce Meyer|We need a backbone, not a wishbone.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|It is better to lock up your heart with a merciless padlock, than to fall in love with someone who doesn't know what they mean to you.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If you build the guts to do something, anything, then you better save enough to face the consequences.
Lemony Snicket, The Ersatz Elevator|Are you ready?" Klaus asked finally."No," Sunny answered."Me neither," Violet said, "but if we wait until we're ready we'll be waiting for the rest of our lives, Let's go.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|For long the two enemies looked at one another, Hook shuddering slightly, and Peter with the strange smile upon his face."So, Pan," said Hook at last, "this is all your doing.""Ay, James Hook," came the stern answer, "it is all my doing.""Proud and insolent youth," said Hook, "prepare to meet thy doom.""Dark and sinister man,“For long the two enemies looked at one another, Hook shuddering slightly, and Peter with the strange smile upon his face."Dark and sinister man," Peter answered, "have at thee.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I remembered that the real world was wide, and that a varied field of hopes and fears, of sensations and excitments, awaited those who had the courage to go forth into it's expanse, to seek real knowledge of life amidst it's perils.
Katie McGarry, Dare You To|How many more of us are faking the facade? How many more of us are pretending to be something we're not? Even better, how many of us will have the courage to be ourselves regardless of what others think?
Carrie Fisher, Wishful Drinking|One of the things that baffles me (and there are quite a few) is how there can be so much lingering stigma with regards to mental illness, specifically bipolar disorder. In my opinion, living with manic depression takes a tremendous amount of balls. Not unlike a tour of Afghanistan (though the bombs and bullets, in this case, come from the inside). At times, being bipolar can be an all-consuming challenge, requiring a lot of stamina and even more courage, so if you're living with this illness and functioning at all, it's something to be proud of, not ashamed of.They should issue medals along with the steady stream of medication.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Kill me then,' panted Harry, who felt no fear at all, but only rage and contempt. 'Kill me like you killed him, you coward-'DON'T-' screamed Snape, and his face was suddenly demented, inhuman, as though he was in as much pain as the yelping, howling dog stuck in the house behind them- 'CALL ME A COWARD!
Chris Bradford, The Way of the Sword|Each mistake teaches you something new about yourself. There is no failure, remember, except in no longer trying. It is the courage to continue that counts.
N.D. Wilson, Dandelion Fire|Sometimes standing against evil is more important than defeating it. The greatest heroes stand because it is right to do so, not because they believe they will walk away with their lives. Such selfless courage is a victory in itself.
Martin Luther|Where the battle rages, there the loyalty of the soldier is proved.
Mary Anne Radmacher|Courage doesn't always roar, sometimes it's the quiet voice at the end of the day whispering 'I will try again tomorrow
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|I told myself, Malala, you have already faced death. This is your second life. Don't be afraid — if you are afraid, you can't move forward.
Ayn Rand|It was the only thing I ever really wanted. And that’s the sin that can’t be forgiven--that I hadn’t done what I wanted. It feels so dirty and pointless and monstrous, as one feels about insanity, because there’s no sense to it, no dignity, nothing but pain--and wasted pain...why do they always teach us that it’s easy and evil to do what we want and that we need discipline to restrain ourselves? It’s the hardest thing in the world--to do what we want. And it takes the greatest kind of courage.
Brené Brown, I Thought It Was Just Me: Women Reclaiming Power and Courage in a Culture of Shame|Courage is a heart word. The root of the word courage is cor - the Latin word for heart. In one of its earliest forms, the word courage meant "To speak one's mind by telling all one's heart." Over time, this definition has changed, and today, we typically associate courage with heroic and brave deeds. But in my opinion, this definition fails to recognize the inner strength and level of commitment required for us to actually speak honestly and openly about who we are and about our experiences -- good and bad. Speaking from our hearts is what I think of as "ordinary courage.
Orson Scott Card, Empire|Personal affection is a luxury you can have only after all your enemies are eliminated. Until then, everyone you love is a hostage, sapping your courage and corrupting your judgment.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Everyone pretends to be 'free thinkers', but few individuals pass the line into expressive territories that may be detrimental to their own social well-being.
Lisa Tawn Bergren, Waterfall|I nodded, pretending to be a hundred times more courageous than I felt.But that was the thing about courage. Sometimes you had to fake it to feel it.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Courage isn't absenct of fear, it is the awareness that something else is important
Osho, Courage: The Joy of Living Dangerously|Don't try to understand life. Live it! Don't try to understand love. Move into love. Then you will know - and all that knowing will come out of your experiencing. The more you know, the more you know that much remains to be known.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Do," said Louisa finally, "whatever you can't not do.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|Playing the part of a charitable soul was only for those who were afraid of taking a stand in life. It is always far easier to have faith in your own goodness than to confront others and fight for your rights. It is always easier to hear an insult and not retaliate than have the courage to fight back against someone stronger than yourself; we can always say we're not hurt by the stones others throw at us, and it's only at night - when we're alone and our wife or our husband or our school friend is asleep - that we can silently grieve over our own cowardice.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|If ever you feel like an animal among men, be a lion.
Conn Iggulden, Genghis: Birth of an Empire|Courage cannot be left like bones in a bag. It must be brought out and shown the light again and again, growing stronger each time. If you think it will keep for the times you need it, you are wrong. It is like any other part of your strength. If you ignore it, the bag will be empty when you need it most.
Napoléon Bonaparte|Courage is like love, it must have hope for nourishment.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|Besides we are men, and after all it is our business to risk our lives.
Ann Landers|Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life, and when it comes, hold your head high, look it quarely in the eye and say, 'I will be bigger than you. You cannot defeat me.
Joseph Chilton Pearce|To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
R.J. Anderson, Ultraviolet|But there were worse things than disappointment, and I'd lived through several of them already.
Deb Caletti, Honey, Baby, Sweetheart|summer, after all, is a time when wonderful things can happen to quiet people. for those few months, you’re not required to be who everyone thinks you are, and that cut-grass smell in the air and the chance to dive into the deep end of a pool give you a courage you don’t have the rest of the year. you can be grateful and easy, with no eyes on you, and no past. summer just opens the door and lets you out.
Jeanne d'Arc|Every man gives his life for what he believes. Every woman gives her life for what she believes. Sometimes people believe in little or nothing, and so they give their lives to little or nothing. One life is all we have, and we live it as we believe in living it…and then it’s gone.But to surrender who you are and to live without belief is more terrible than dying – even more terrible than dying young.
Robert F. Kennedy|This world demands the qualities of youth; not a time of life but a state of mind, a temper of the will, a quality of the imagination, a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the life of ease.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Do anything, save to lie down and die!
Cassandra Clare, The Whitechapel Fiend|Will stopped glaring at Gabriel, and turned to Tessa. He looked at her and his face softened: the traces of the wild, broken boy he had been vanished, replaced with the expression often worn by the man he was now, who knew what it was to love and be loved. “Dear heart,” he said. He took her hand and kissed it. “Who knows your courage better than I?
Trieu Thi Choi|My wish is to ride the tempest, tame the waves, kill the sharks. I will not resign myself to the usual lot of women who bow their heads and become concubines.
John Patrick Shanley, 13 by Shanley|I am not a courageous person by nature. I have simply discovered that, at certain key moments in this life, you must find courage in yourself, in order to move forward and live. It is like a muscle and it must be exercised, first a little, and then more and more. All the really exciting things possible during the course of a lifetime require a little more courage than we currently have. A deep breath and a leap.
Nolan Bushnell|Everyone who has ever taken a shower has had an idea. It's theperson who gets out of the shower, dries off, and does somethingabout it that makes a difference.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|If one is forever cautious, can one remain a human being?
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|In every crisis, doubt or confusion, take the higher path - the path of compassion, courage, understanding and love.
Bette Davis|The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he's dead.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|The liar was the hottest to defend his veracity, the coward his courage, the ill-bred his gentlemanliness, and the cad his honor
José N. Harris, MI VIDA: A Story of Faith, Hope and Love|When you find your path, you must ignore fear. You need to have the courage to risk mistakes. But once you are on that road... run, run, run, and don't stop til you've reached its end.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|That's what courage is. If she weren't scared, she wouldn't need courage in the first place." -Jo
Nikki Rowe|No one knows what you have been through or what your pretty little eyes have seen, but I can reassure you ~ whatever you have conquered, it shines through your mind.
Lois McMaster Bujold, The Curse of Chalion|Events may be horrible or inescapable. Men have always a choice - if not whether, then how, they may endure.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Dread remorse when you are tempted to err, Miss Eyre; remorse is the poison of life.
Hideaki Sorachi|Inside me, there is an organ more important than my heart. Although you can't see it, I feel it going right through my head and down to my legs, and I know that it exists inside me. It's the one that lets me stand up and walk forward. So that I can walk forward, without ever trembling. If I stopped here I feel like it would break...My soul would break. Even more than if my heart stops beating, to me that is the most important. Even if I become senile and my back gets bent, I still have to walk forward.
John Locke|What worries you, masters you.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Courage originally meant "To speak one's mind by telling all one's heart.
Umberto Eco, Postscript to the Name of the Rose|I lacked the courage to investigate the weaknesses of the wicked, because I discovered they are the same as the weaknesses of the saintly.
Zelda Fitzgerald|And only weaklings...who lack courage and the power to feel they're right when the whole world says they're wrong, ever lose.
Maxwell Maltz|We must have courage to bet on our ideas, to take the calculated risk, and to act. Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring happiness.
Ray N. Kuili, Awakening|Because no matter what they say, you always have a choice. You just don’t always have the guts to make it.
Shannon L. Alder|You are not an option, a choice or a soft place to land after a long battle. You were meant to be the one. If you can wrap yourself around the idea that you are something incredible, then you will stop excusing behavior that rapes your very soul. You were never meant to teach someone to love you. You were meant to be loved.
Cynthia Hand, Hallowed|I’ve learned that sometimes, when you’re afraid but you keep on moving forward, that’s the biggest kind of courage there is.
E.B. White, The Elements of Style|If you don't know how to pronounce a word, say it loud!" (William Strunk) ... Why compound ignorance with inaudibility?
Thomas S. Monson|May we muster courage at the crossroads, courage for the conflicts, courage to say, "no," courage to say, "yes," for courage counts. 
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|You might, from your appearance, be the wife of Lucifer,” said Miss Pross, in her breathing. “Nevertheless, you shall not get the better of me. I am an Englishwoman.
Alistair MacLean, The Guns of Navarone|There are no brave men and cowardly men in the world, my son. There are only brave men. To be born, to live, to die—that takes courage enough in itself, and more than enough.We are all brave men and we are all afraid, and what the world calls a brave man, he too is brave and afraid like the all rest of us. Only he is brave for five minutes longer.
Theodore Roethke|I learned not to fear infinity,The far field, the windy cliffs of forever,The dying of time in the white light of tomorrow,The wheel turning away from itself,The sprawl of the wave,The on-coming water.
Ruth Gordon|Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
Suheir Hammad|Occupation, curfew, settlements, closed military zone, administrative detention, siege, preventive strike, terrorist infrastructure, transfer. Their WAR destroys language. Speaks genocide with the words of a quiet technician.Occupation means that you cannot trust the OPEN SKY, or any open street near to the gates of snipers tower. It means that you cannot trust the future or have faith that the past will always be there.Occupation means you live out your live under military rule, and the constant threat of death, a quick death from a snipers bullet or a rocket attack from an M16.A crushing, suffocating death, a slow bleeding death in an ambulance stopped for hours at a checkpoint. A dark death, at a torture table in an Israeli prison: just a random arbitrary death.A cold calculated death: from a curable disease. A thousand small deaths while you watch your family dying around you.Occupation means that every day you die, and the world watches in silence. As if your death was nothing, as if you were a stone falling in the earth, water falling over water.And if you face all of this death and indifference and keep your humanity, and your love and your dignity and YOU refuse to surrender to their terror, then you know something of the courage that is Palestine.
Tamera Alexander, Within My Heart|But he'd learned long ago that a life lived without risks pretty much wasn't worth living. Life rewarded courage, even when that first step was taken neck-deep in fear.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|The most important experiences a man can have are those that take him to the very limit; that is the only way we learn, because it requires all our courage.
Muhammad Ali, The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey|All through my life, I have been tested. My will has been tested, my courage has been tested, my strength has been tested. Now my patience and endurance are being tested.
Maya Van Wagenen, Popular: Vintage Wisdom for a Modern Geek|This is the time to remember that I’m the protagonist in my own story, facing every challenge with grace and wit.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|This isn't going to be pretty. Rules will be broken. Friendships will be tested. And huge risks will be taken. But they're small prices to pay for true love and freedom, right?
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Somehow the killing of the giant spider, all alone by himself in the dark without the help of the wizard or the dwarves or of anyone else, made a great difference to Mr. Baggins. He felt a different person, and much fiercer and bolder in spite of an empty stomach, as he wiped his sword on the grass and put it back into its sheath.
Maya Angelou|My life has been long, and believing that life loves the liver of it, I have dared to try many things, sometimes trembling, but daring, still.
Bruce Coville, Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher|I don’t want Tiamat to go back,” said Jeremy sullenly. “I want her to stay here with me.”Miss Priest laughed. It was not a horrible laugh at all. “What a terrible idea!” she said. “Why do you want her to stay?”Because I love her. I don’t want to lose her.”Miss Priest reached out and took his chin in her hand. She looked into his eyes. “You silly boy,” she said. “Nothing you love is lost. Not really. Things, people—they always go away, sooner or later. You can’t hold them, any more than you can hold moonlight. But if they’ve touched you, if they’re inside you, then they’re still yours. The only things you ever really have are the ones you hold inside your heart.
Bernadette Devlin McAliskey, The Price of my Soul|To gain that which is worth having,it may be necessary to lose everything else.
Michelle Cohen Corasanti, The Almond Tree|Courage, I realised, was not the absence of fear: it was the absence of selfishness; putting someone else's interest before one's own.
Katherine Rundell, Rooftoppers|Perhaps, she thought, that’s what love does. It’s not there to make you feel special. It’s to make you brave. It was like a ration pack in the desert, she thought, like a box of matches in a dark wood. Love and courage, thought Sophie—two words for the same thing.
Jim Beaver, Life's That Way|Today we fight. Tomorrow we fight. The day after, we fight. And if this disease plans on whipping us, it better bring a lunch, 'cause it's gonna have a long day doing it.
Sophie Scholl|Somebody, after all, had to make a start. What we wrote and said is also believed by many others. They just don't dare express themselves as we did.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A lack of common sense usually ends in some heroic feat, much like the soldier who dives onto the grenade so that others may live.
Nora Roberts|Courage comes in different forms. There's strength--that's the muscle. But love's the heart. When you put them together, you can do anything.
Lois Lenski, Indian Captive: The Story of Mary Jemison|It don't matter what happens, if you're only srong and have great courage.
Al Álvarez|When there is no peril in the fight, there is no glory in the triumph.
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|Abstract words such as glory, honor, courage, or hallow were obscene beside the concrete names of villages, the numbers of roads, the names of rivers, the numbers of regiments and the dates.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Labyrinth|Don't wish to be normal. Wish to be yourself. To the hilt. Find out what you're best at, and develop it, and hopscotch your weaknesses. Wish to be great at whatever you are.
Jack Campbell, Relentless|You can’t win unless you try to win, but you can lose by trying not to lose.
Winston S. Churchill|You make all kinds of mistakes, but as long as you are generous and true and also fierce, you cannot hurt the world or even seriously distress her.
U.S. Marine Corps|If I charge, follow me. If I retreat, kill me. If I die, revenge me.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|You didn’t get the quest you wanted, you got the one you could do.
Veronica Mist, The Seven - The Key of Credence|Do not be afraid. Because if you let these fears consume you, you’ll most likely fail even before everything else starts.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|You will not be alone, I say to them, spinning to see their faces. You don't need to be afraid anymore. We want to take back our world. We want to save the lives of our family members, our friends. We want your children to have a chance at a better future. And we want to fight. We want to win. I lock eyes with them. And we are asking for your help.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|When I was younger, I would cling to life because life was at the top of the turning wheel. But like the song of my gypsy-girl, the great wheel turns over and lands on a minor key. It is then that you come of age and life means nothing to you. To live, to die, to overdose, to fall in a coma in the street... it is all the same. It is only in the peach innocence of youth that life is at its crest on top of the wheel. And there being only life, the young cling to it, they fear death... And they should! ...For they are in life.
Mary Tyler Moore|Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
Pericles|Those who can truly be accounted brave are those who best know the meaning of what is sweet in life and what is terrible, and then go out, undeterred, to meet what is to come.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|It is highly significant and indeed almost a rule, that moral courage has its source in such identification through one's own sensitivity with suffering of one's fellow human beings." (p. 16-17)
Sophie Scholl|I am, now as before, of the opinion that I did the best that I could do for my nation. I therefore do not regret my conduct and will bear the consequences that result from my conduct.
Sharon E. Rainey|Through each crisis in my life, with acceptance and hope, in a single defining moment, I finally gained the courage to do things differently.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Now, this is what the Lord says, "Fear not, for I have redeemed you; I have summoned you by name; you are mine. When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and when you pass through the rivers, they will not sweep over you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be burned; the flames will not set you ablaze. For I am the Lord, your God, the Holy One of Israel, your Savior.
Pip Karmel|Pamela realizes for the first time in her life that she hadn't made the wrong choice at all. Nor had she made the right choice. She had simply made a choice. And somewhere along the way, she had lost the courage to live by it.
E.H. Majaw|If you have the courage to love, then you should have the courage to suffer, too.
Nisargadatta Maharaj|Absolute perfection is here and now, not in some future, near or far.The secret is in action - here and now.It is your behavior that blinds you to yourself.Disregard whatever you think yourself to be and act as if you were absolutely perfect- whatever your idea of perfection may be.All you need is courage.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|Question.""Yes," Candace asked expectantly, eyes fixed on the dark street ahead."Have you ever had to chose sides between a friend and a boyfriend?"Candace nodded."Which side are you suppose to pick?""The right one.""What if they're both right?""They're not.""But they are," Melody insisted. "That's the problem.""No." Candace slowly rolled past a police cruiser. "They both think they're right. But who do you think is right? Which side represents the thing you think is worth fighting for?"Melody glanced out the window as though she was expecting the answer to be revealed on a neighbor's lawn. Every house except hers had the lights turned off. "I dunno.""You do," Candace insisted. "You just don't have the courage to be honest with yourself. Because then you'd have to do the thing you don't want to do, and you hate doing anything that's hard. Which is why you gave up singing and why you have no life and why you've always been a -""Um okay! Can we get back to the part where you were sounding like Oprah?""I'm just saying, Melly, what would you do if you weren't afraid? That's your answer. That's your side." She turned into the circular driveway and put the SUV in PARK. "And if you don't choose it, you're lying to yourself and everyone around you." She opened the door and grabbed her purse. "Oprah out!"The door slammed behind her.
David Benioff, City of Thieves|Perhaps a hero is someone who doesn’t register his own vulnerability. Is it courage, then, if you’re too daft to know you’re mortal?
Sting, Nothing Like the Sun|If "Manners maketh man," as someone saidThen he's the hero of the dayIt takes a man to suffer ignorance and smileBe yourself, no matter what they
Saurabh Sharma|Spontaneous insanity is the real bliss! It's sad that we are honored for playing sane, serious, safe, miserable and controlling in this poor world.
John Connolly, The Reapers|The Detective was different. Not that he wasn't a good man; Willie had heard enough about him to understand that he was the kind who didn't like to turn away from another's pain, the kind who couldn't put a pillow over his ears to drown out the cries of strangers. Those scars he had were badges of courage, and Willie knew that there were others hidden beneath his clothes, and still more deep inside, right beneath the skin and down to the soul. No, it was just that whatever goodness was there coexisted with rage and grief and loss.
Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson LL.D. Vol 2|[C]ourage is reckoned the greatest of all virtues; because, unless a man has that virtue, he has no security for preserving any other.
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|You f*#ked my v*g*na, you wanted to think that you f#*ked my mind, but unlike you, D*ck, my mind doesn't lie between my two legs. ~ Subhangi Tyagi
Shannon L. Alder|Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you. However, if it taught you to hold onto grudges, seek revenge, not forgive or show compassion, to categorize people as good or bad, to distrust and be guarded with your feelings then you didn’t learn a thing. God doesn’t bring you lessons to close your heart. He brings you lessons to open it, by developing compassion, learning to listen, seeking to understand instead of speculating, practicing empathy and developing conflict resolution through communication. If he brought you perfect people, how would you ever learn to spiritually evolve?
Maya Angelou|Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|Good story' means something worth telling that the world wants to hear. Finding this is your lonely task...But the love of a good story, of terrific characters and a world driven by your passion, courage, and creative gifts is still not enough. Your goal must be a good story well told.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|Being a hero, the man had observed, is largely a matter of knowing one’s cues.
Edward M. Hallowell, Dare to Forgive: The Power of Letting Go & Moving on|Forgiveness takes intelligence, discipline, imagination, and persistence, as well as a special psychological strength, something athletes call mental toughness and warriors call courage.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|So most people go around with grimy machinery, when all it would take is a bit of spit and polish to make them paladins once more, bold knights and true.
Adedayo kingjerry|Always be bold in everything you do, because boldness has genius, power and magic in it which makes impossibility possible
Tim O'Brien, If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home|Courage is nothing to laugh at, not if it is proper courage and exercised by men who know what they do is proper. Proper courage is wise courage. It's acting wisely, acting wisely when fear would have a man act otherwise. It is the endurance of the soul in spite of fear - wisely.
Don Juan|When one has nothing to lose, one becomes courageous. We are timid only when there is something we can still cling to.
Delmore Schwartz, Last and Lost Poems|Love is the most difficult and dangerous form of courage. Courage is the most desperate, admirable and noble kind of love.
Bianca Sparacino|You ruin your life by desensitizing yourself. We are all afraid to say too much, to feel too deeply, to let people know what they mean to us. Caring is not synonymous with crazy. Expressing to someone how special they are to you will make you vulnerable. There is no denying that. However, that is nothing to be ashamed of. There is something breathtakingly beautiful in the moments of smaller magic that occur when you strip down and are honest with those who are important to you. Let that girl know that she inspires you. Tell your mother you love her in front of your friends. Express, express, express. Open yourself up, do not harden yourself to the world, and be bold in who, and how you love. There is courage in that.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|Chin up, Ferdinand," I kept saying to myself, to keep up my courage. "What with being chucked out of everywhere, you're sure to find whatever it is that scares all those bastards so. It must be at the end of the night, and that's why they're so dead set against going to the end of the night.
C.J. Redwine, Deception|And for me, it means honoring those who've loved me and sacrificed for me by choosing to be the kind of warrior who delivers justice even when it threatens to hurt me.
Fadi Hattendorf|Love is like life with or without justice, with or without fairness.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|All of us, at some point in life, get brilliant ideas...only a few of us have the courage to take the next step.
Nancy Farmer|Quests always have their ups and downs,' rumbled the giant. 'The point is never to give up, even if you're falling off a cliff. You never know what might happen on the way to the bottom.
David A. Cleinman|The Coward will run away from danger, only to strike in the dark. The Heroine will run through the dark, even though she knows the coward is waiting to strike.
Howard Schultz, Onward: How Starbucks Fought for Its Life without Losing Its Soul|There are moments in our lives when we summon the courage to make choices that go against reason, against common sense and the wise counsel of people we trust.
Adedayo kinjerry|be bold to face the battle, if you win then you are lucky and if you loose then you will be wise....
Patricia C. McKissack, Flossie and the Fox|I aine never seen a fox before. So, why should I be scared of you and I don't even-now know you a real fox for a fact?
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|He looked up at the reddening sky and said with a self-deprecating laugh, "You put me to shame, Seraphina. Your bravery always has.""It's not bravery; it's bullheaded bumbling."He shook his head, staring off into the middle distance. "I know courage when I see it, and when I lack it.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Scarlett's mind went back through the years to the still hot noon at Tara when grey smoke curled above a blue-clad body and Melanie stood at the top of the stairs with Charles' sabre in her hand. Scarlett remembered that she had thought at the time: 'How silly! Melly couldn't even heft that sword!' But now she knew that had the necessity arisen, Melanie would have charged down those stairs and killed the Yankee - or been killed herself.
Sydney Smith, Dictionary of Burning Words of Brilliant Writers: A Cyclopaedia of Quotations, from the Literature of All Ages|The fact is that in order to do anything in this world worth doing, we must not stand shivering on the bank thinking of the cold and the danger, but jump in and scramble through as well as we can.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Kiss of the Night|Things are always given to us when we need them (Acheron)." "That's so not true," Wulf said. "Actually it is. You just have to decide if you're strong enough, brave enough, to seize it and make ityours (Acheron).
Ellis Peters, The Heretic's Apprentice|They sell courage of a sort in the taverns. And another sort, though not for sale, a man can find in the confessional. Try the alehouses and the churches, Hugh. In either a man can be quiet and think.
Karen   White, The Beach Trees|The word that came to me now was "defiant." Because a person had to be defiant to be able to stand amid the wreckage of her life and instead of shaking a fist, pick up a hammer.
Louisa Young, My Dear I Wanted to Tell You|Courage for the big troubles in life, lad' he'd say, 'and patience for the small. Be of good cheer. God is awake.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Macbeth:If we should fail?Lady Macbeth:We fail?But screw your courage to the sticking place,And we'll not fail.
R.M. Ballantyne|Boys [should be] inured from childhood to trifling risks and slight dangers of every possible description, such as tumbling into ponds and off of trees, etc., in order to strengthen their nervous system... They ought to practice leaping off heights into deep water. They ought never to hesitate to cross a stream over a narrow unsafe plank for fear of a ducking. They ought never to decline to climb up a tree, to pull fruit merely because there is a possibility of their falling off and breaking their necks. I firmly believe that boys were intended to encounter all kinds of risks, in order to prepare them to meet and grapple with risks and dangers incident to man’s career with cool, cautious self-possession...
Edward Lewis Wallant, The Tenants of Moonbloom|Courage, Love, Illusion (or dream, if you will) -- he who possesses all three, or two, or at least one of these things wins whatever there is to win; those who lack all three are the failures.
Toni Sorenson|Courage is not beating up the bully or letting the bully beat you up, it is standing strong before the bully and seeing him for what he truly is: a child of God in need of an attitude adjustment.
Elizabeth Alder, The King's Shadow|There is no magic herb that makes a brave man. Courage is knowing that what you do is necessary. Don't doubt yourself, Shadow. There is more valor in your heart than you realize.
L. Frank Baum|Courage~ What makes the flag on the mast to wave? What makes the elephant charge his tusk in the misty mist, or the dusky dusk? What makes the muskrat guard his musk? Courage! What makes the sphinx the seventh wonder? Courage! What makes the dawn come up like thunder? Courage! What makes the Hottentot so hot? What puts the "ape" in apricot?~Cowardly Lion from the Wizard of Oz
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Valor consists in the power of self-recovery, so that a man cannot have his flank turned, cannot be out-generalled, but put him where you will, he stands. This can only be by his preferring truth to his past apprehension of truth; and his alert acceptance of it, from whatever quarter; the intrepid conviction that his laws, his relations to society, his Christianity, his world may at any time be superseded and decease.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Thought you could kill my Snow-on-the-Mountain, did you? Well, Jessie says that the top's growing back out. Next time you'll know how to do it right, won't you? You'll pull it up by the roots, won't you?
Meredith Ann Pierce, Birth of the Firebringer|He was lost. He knew it. He had neither the size nor the strength to defeat her, and she had him cornered. But he would fight. He was a warrior, the prince-son of the unicorns, and he meant to go down fighting. There would be no songs to mark his death; and none of his people would even know. But he had saved Korr and the others of the band. It was noon — they were safe out of the hills by now, and none of the rest of it mattered.
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter|Courage consists, not in blindly overlooking danger, but in seeing and conquering it.
Louise Penny, The Brutal Telling|Where there is love there is courage,where there is courage there is peace,where there is peace there is God.And when you have God, you have everything.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|you say you have no courage, but i see it in you. what you did, the burden you agreed to shoulder, took courage. for that, i honor you.
Kamila Shamsie|So she became a woman who held her head high, not in arrogance, or contempt, but because she knew that it was a form of cowardice to make a choice and then pretend you didn’t really make it
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Laughing in the face of danger doesn't negate the fear, it simply enables you to smile at it.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Stop walking with a ‘calendar’. It’s capable of ruining your fate, by showing you the date & limiting your courage, by reminding you of your age.
Kamila Shamsie, Kartography|Come on! Think of Miandad hitting that six off Sharma. If he could do that, you can do this.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Ordinary courage is about putting our vulnerability on the line. In today’s world, that’s pretty extraordinary.
Donna Lynn Hope|I have a deep appreciation for anything that challenges my morality. I tend to wonder which thing or person might overpower my beliefs and would I avoid it altogether in order to say, "It didn't conquer me," or would I accept the challenge head-on in an attempt to prevail? Which requires greater courage?
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If the amount of times we get up is just one less than the amount of times that we've been knocked down, then we're spending our lives lying down.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A journey to the unknown shores needs a port, a ship, a wind; but more important than all of them: Courage; courage to leave the known for the unknown!
H. Raven Rose, Caffè Latte|Oh, my god, he thought, realizing why he had always felt negatively towards Eden. She reminds me of my mother. The thought made his throat close up tight. He mused about the day's events. What a ride. Edward had surprised him. The man had courage, committing to love. What had he said to that starlet, none of it meant anything?
Josie Sigler, The Galaxie and Other Rides|As a man begins to understand the sacrifices he must make to live the life he dreams of, he often loses his courage for such a life.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Barry Lyndon|Let the man who has to make his fortune in life remember this maxim. Attacking is his only secret. Dare, and the world always yields: or, if it beat you sometimes, dare again, and it will succumb.
Gail Blanke|Courage comes with action. The minute you step forward, the minute you declare your decision, the minute you say, "This is how it's going to go," courage comes. It floods through you and energizes every single fiber of your being. You don't have to wait for it. It'll be there.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dream Warrior|When you feel deep, paralyzing fear and you don't let it stop you, that is true courage. There's never bravery without fear. Just as there's no love without hate. (M'Adoc)
Lynna Banning|Courage is not walking into battle with no fear - you should know this as a soldier. Courage is feeling great fear, but walking forward anyway.Lady Lavender by Lynna Banning
L. Frank Baum, Rinkitink in Oz|Like all bullies and marauders, Gos was a coward at heart
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|I told her I loved the howling sound of her harmonica. That seemed to be the limit of my courage that night, and even those spoken words had to struggle their way out of my mouth. It's all very well for words to build bridges, but sometimes I think it's a matter of knowing when to do it. Knowing when the time's right.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|What do you mean? What do you demand of your captain? Are you then so easily turned from your design? Did you not call this a glorious expedition? And wherefore was it glorious? Not because the way was smooth and placid as a southern sea, but because it was full of dangers and terror; because at every new incident your fortitude was to be called forth and your courage exhibited; because danger and death surrounded it, and these you were to brave and overcome. For this was it a glorious, for this was it an honourable undertaking. You were hereafter to be hailed as the benefactors of your species; your names adored as belonging to brave men who encountered death for honour and the benefit of mankind. And now, behold, with the first imagination of danger, or, if you will, the first mighty and terrific trial of your courage, you shrink away, and are content to be handed down as men who had not strength enough to endure cold and peril; and so, poor souls, they were chilly and returned to their warm firesides. Why that requires not this preparation; ye need not have come thus far, and dragged your captain to the shame of a defeat, merely to prove yourselves cowards. Oh! be men, or be more than men. Be steady to your purposes and firm as a rock. This ice is not made of such stuff as your hearts may be; it is mutable and cannot withstand you if you say that it shall not. Do not return to your families with the stigma of disgrace marked on your brows. Return as heroes who have fought and conquered, and who know not what it is to turn their backs on the foe.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We don't move with our legs and arms, but with courage and will power.
V.S. Carnes|He squinted at her. He recalled the tears in her eyes that had not fallen into her teacup. No, it wasn’t a revelation. Not even to him. Yet, this was the same woman who had stolen a camel right out from under the Anti-Zionist army’s nose. She’d taken his hand, thrown herself down a sand dune on a dare, and then beaten him back up it. She’d glared at him and refused to part from his side. A coward? “Never,” he said again.
Bruce Schneier|Terrorism isn't a crime against people or property. It's a crime against our minds, using the death of innocents and destruction of property to make us fearful. Terrorists use the media to magnify their actions and further spread fear. And when we react out of fear, when we change our policy to make our country less open, the terrorists succeed -- even if their attacks fail. But when we refuse to be terrorized, when we're indomitable in the face of terror, the terrorists fail -- even if their attacks succeed.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|A strong life force can be seen in physical vitality, courage, competent judgment, self-mastery, sexual vigor, and the realization of each person’s unique talents and purpose in life. To maintain a powerful life force, forget yourself, forget about living and dying, and bring your full attention into this moment.
Maria Woodworth-Etter|I was very timid, and bound as with chains in a man-fearing spirit. When I arose to testify I trembled like a leaf, and began to make excuses - O God, send someone else! Then the Lord in a vision caused me to see the bottomless pit open in all its horror and woe. There was weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. It was surrounded by a great multitude of people who seemed unconscious of their danger, and without a moments warning they would tumble into this awful place. I was above the people on a narrow plank-walk, which wound up toward heaven; and I was exhorting and pleading with the people to come upon the plank and escape that awful place. Several started.There was a beautiful bright light above me, and I was encouraging them to follow that light and they would go straight to heaven."In all these trials God was preparing me and opening the way for the great battle against the enemy of souls and now the great desire of my heart was to work for Jesus. I longed to win a star for the Savior's crown.
David T. Dellinger, From Yale to Jail: The Life Story of a Moral Dissenter|There is a heady sense of manhood that comes from advancing from apathy to commitment, from timidity to courage, from passivity to aggressiveness. There is an intoxication that comes from standing up to the police at last.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|I am not sure I can.""Become sure," said the cat, his eyes flashing green in the firelight. "Once you leap on a boar's back, you can't sheath your claws.
Margaret McMullan, Sources of Light|Why did you marry Dad, Mom?" My mother sniffled through her nose, looked at me, then smiled. "I wanted something more and he was it. We both had big dreams." "That must have taken a lot of courage," I said. "To marry Dad. He was so different from you.""It was hardly courageous. It was just the only thing to do. We were in love.
Paul Collier, The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries Are Failing and What Can Be Done About It|Launching a turnaround takes courage. I cannot measure that and so it is not going to be included in my analysis, but behind the moments of change there are always a few people within these societies who have decided to try to make a difference.
Deborah Wiles, Countdown|A hero can be afraid, but a hero never runs away.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|What a fine fellow is Quincey! I believe in my heart of hearts that he suffered as much about Lucy’s death as any of us, but he bore himself through it like a moral Viking. If America can go on breeding men like that, she will be a power in the world indeed.
Steven J. Carroll, In the Window Room|Nearly all men have weak hearts, in one way or another.
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|She put her tongue out and felt the raw edges of the torn silk. She looped her tongue around them and drew them into her teeth. Just a little bit, she thought, that's all I need to free my eyelids. She pulled the tasteless web between her teeth and ground, pulling her jaw down in a grimace - it felt as it she was eating the very skin off her face. But the silk over her eyelids shifted.
José N. Harris, Mi Vida|Fighting can be like champagne. It can go to the head of a coward as quickly as of a hero. Anyone has the ability to be brave on a battlefield; when you are forced with the choice of: Be brave or... be killed.You may not realize it, but most of us have the chance to be heroes off the battlefield. When we take a stance and find our inner courage, instead of looking the other direction when we encounter evilness or oppression.
Brené Brown, Braving the Wilderness: The Quest for True Belonging and the Courage to Stand Alone|People often silence themselves, or "agree to disagree" without fully exploring the actual nature of the disagreement, for the sake of protecting a relationship and maintaining connection. But when we avoid certain conversations, and never fully learn how the other person feels about all of the issues, we sometimes end up making assumptions that not only perpetuate but deepen misunderstandings, and that can generate resentment.
John Christopher, The Sword of the Spirits|A man faced death, but when death drew back forgot it until the next time.
Akiroq Brost|Keep going, keep going, keep going! You're going to have crappy days, you're going to have days where you lose vision or confidence. You're going to have those days were everything seems 1 step forward and 3 steps back. You're going to have unexpected chaos and turmoil. Are you going to let that derail you? No. You've made a firm decision to go after your dreams. That firm decision means to keep going no matter what. Life doesn't just stop and nor should you. You know you want something, that you truly want something, if you're willing to endure all the pain and grief along the way. You either make a decision or you don't. If you do, that means sticking by it. Riding it out. Don't give up. All things have good and bad. There is no easy street. Everything good takes work. If you want a better life, you have to work for it. Some days it will be easier work than others. Accept that. Work with it. Keep going!
Akiroq Brost|You're stronger than you think. Even if something pushes you to the breaking point, even if you may need to make a conscious effort to just cope: It's in you, to survive. It may help to break it down into smaller time segments. If you can try to just make it through the next minute, the next five minutes, the next half an hour. With each success, try and lengthen the amount of time. Carry the firm belief in your heart and mind that it will get better. Just that belief is so very strong. Just believing it will get better will have an influence. Sometimes, you'll push through just short spans of time, but as you do, realize that you are capable of doing it. You can do this. Look back at things that you have already gone through in your life and know you survived. You can survive this too. You are so strong. You are just having a challenging moment. It's not forever. You will get to the other side. Believe in yourself. Have faith in yourself. Never give up. It's not an option. Try and ask yourself: "How best can I get through this difficult situation? Is there anything I can do in terms of self-care?" Try to be very gentle with yourself. If you cry, accept it was just something that you needed to do. No judgment. In your most challenging days, make an extra effort to be that friend to yourself, you so need. Please, if you're facing a difficult time at least be nice to yourself. Take it one step at a time. Keep hope and faith alive in your heart. Believe it will get better. Do anything you can to help yourself through in the best way possible. You are stronger than you think.
Tessa Clare, The Divinity Bureau|When you have nothing left, you don’t have anything to lose.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|The bottom line is that no matter what you’ve experiencedin life, no matter what kind of trauma you’ve been through,no matter what bad decisions you’ve made, if you accept therealities of your situation, you can properly address them witha plan and with action.
Tessa Clare, The Divinity Bureau|Whatever you do, please don’t do anything reckless. These are very powerful people, some of which are very dangerous.” She hesitates, then continues. “This is a government agency, and you’re just…” She trails off, and I have a feeling that I know what she’s going to say.“I’m just an office assistant,” I mutter, repeating Gideon’s words.“No. I was going to say that you’re too in love with my daughter to think rationally.
Akiroq Brost|It takes a lot of courage to be real and raw, to not hide or pretend, to reveal the real you, the true you. This life is yours, to live as you. Brave the courage.
Mackenzie Lee|It is remarkable how much courage it takes to kiss someone, even when you are almost certain that person would very mush like to be kissed by you. Doubt will knock you from the sky every time.
Fuad Alakbarov|Every country needs its whistleblowers. They are crucial to a healthy society. The employee who, in the public interest, has the independence of judgement and the personal courage to challenge malpractice or illegality is a kind of public hero.
Leigh Bardugo, Wonder Woman: Warbringer|Human courage was different from Amazon bravery. She saw that now. For all the suspicion and derision she'd heard from her mother and her sisters about the mortal world, Diana couldn't help but admire the people with whom she traveled. Their lives were violent, precarious, fragile, but they fought for them anyway, and held to the hope that their brief stay on this earth might count for something. That faith was worth preserving.
Megan Devine, It's Ok That You're Not Ok: Meeting Grief and Loss in a Culture That Doesn't Understand|We need to talk about the hierarchy of grief. You hear it all the time—no grief is worse than any other. I don’t think that’s one bit true. There is a hierarchy of grief. Divorce is not the same as the death of a partner. Death of a grandparent is notthe same as the death of a child. Losing your job is not the same as losing a limb.Here’s the thing: every loss is valid. And every loss is not the same. You can’t flatten the landscape of grief and say thateverything is equal. It isn’t.It’s easier to see when we take it out of the intensely personal: stubbing your toe hurts. It totally hurts. For a moment, the pain can be all-consuming. You might even hobble for a while. Having your foot ripped off by a passingfreight train hurts, too. Differently. The pain lasts longer. The injury needs recovery time, which may be uncertain or complicated. It affects and impacts your life moving forward. You can’t go back to the life you had before you became aone-footed person. No one would say these two injuries are exactly the same.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day.Aragorn, The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King
Martha Heller, Be the Business: CIOs in the New Eras of IT|As a CIO, you are the first to step into traffic, to stand alone during a period of change before people come on board. That takes personal courage...Traditionally, in IT, we like to please. But IT is not a popularity contest; it's a reality show where we often have to deliver tough information...Being a CIO means having the courage not to cut corners to please a stakeholder and delivering the hard message that this is not a risk we're willing to take.
Ashavan|The greatest courage is to love, to reach beyond the self openly, to expand the very idea of self until it is too large to be named. All other courage is false courage. All else is hiding, a desire for protection.
John Fowles, The Ebony Tower|Henry knew sin was a challenge to life; not an act of unreason, but an act of courage and determination.
Mala Naidoo, Vindication Across Time|You learn to be resilient, to survive when you know you are capable of making worthy contribution to the world; you fight it when you have nothing to lose and so much to gain.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|By all means, somebody will oppose it, but if only it is a noble cause pleasant to God, you have no reason to retreat!
Dan Gemeinhart, Some Kind of Courage|I was alone alright. And life surely had been a hard trial for me, so far. From the time mama and Katie fell sick, life had been one misery after another.But here I was. Still with breath in my lungs. And blood in my veins. And memories and voices in my heart. Good ones. And life was going on, all around me. With or without me, it was going on.It weren't a matter of the whole thing stopping or the whole thing going on. The whole thing was going on. It was only a matter of me standing up and deciding what part I had to play in it all.I could be the quitting kind. Or not. I could be the kind of man my mama and papa had raised, or not.I rose to my feet and did the best I could to scrape the worst of the mud off my coat and pants."Sarah's going to be somebody's horse," I said to myself. "And I'm sure as hell gonna make sure she's mine.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|There's no way to know what's going to happen, Folly. But we'll blood well be on our feet when it does.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|Your willingness to create a change in beliefs, a shift in energy, an acceptance of where you are, and the courage to make the right choices for yourself will make you into the hero you were always destined to be.
Audre Lorde|We can sit in our corners mute forever while our sisters and our selves are distorted and destroyed, while our earth is poisoned; we can sit in our safe corners mute as bottles, and we will still be no less afraid.
Akiroq Brost|Sometimes, all someone needs is for someone to believe in them. Be that person. Whether it is for yourself or for someone else. Sometimes, that is all the encouragement we need to brave our own courage. The one person you must believe in is yourself. Believe in your potential!
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Once bitten, twice alert.. Don't shy away.
Anthony  Ryan, Queen of Fire|Courage?" I gave a very soft laugh. "I find courage is just another of life's illusions. In the end, we all do what we must.
Peter Ackroyd, Albion: The Origins of the English Imagination|It is the kind of stoicism which had been seen as characteristic of Anglo-Saxon poetry, perhaps nowhere better expressed than in 'The Battle of Maldon' where the most famous Saxon or English cry has been rendered - 'Courage must be the firmer, heart the bolder, spirit must be the greater, as our strength grows less'. That combination of bravery and fatalism, endurance and understatement, is the defining mood of Arhurian legend.
Rita Stradling, Ensnared|I’m just saying that you live every day like you’re challenging death to come find you, and other people live their days seeing death waiting for them everywhere.” He lifted up his glasses, rubbing the bridge of his nose while he talked. “It’s taking her a lot more than it would take you or me to sit in that car.
Namrata Kumari|It needs strength to stay silent, but it needs courage to confide in somebody.
Danielle Ofri, What Doctors Feel: How Emotions Affect the Practice of Medicine|The very fact that these doctors continuing to be doctors--highly successful ones--despite their errors and their accompanying assaults on their self-definion would itself be a potent lesson to the students and interns. It is possible to hold one's head up after an error, to admit that errors are part and parcel of human existence, even in medicine. It is possible to see the error as an aspect of oneself, not the defining characteristic of oneself.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|Damsel," said the Prince, bowing to her. "You are of a high courage, and therefore, I doubt not, you come of a noble blood in your own world.
Ogwo David Emenike|A man's life is about keeping rules, breaking them, and making new ones.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With craziness of mind, I have courage to live as I wish.
Elena Ferrante, The Story of a New Name|She, on the other hand, seized things, truly wanted them, was passionate about them, played for all or nothing, and wasn’t afraid of contempt, mockery, spitting, beatings.
Terry a O'Neal|Know that you are enough, so that if a person tries to make you feel beneath them, you'll have the courage to walk away.
Carlo Michelstaedter, Persuasion and Rhetoric|You do not carry the cross. Instead you are all crucified on the timber of your sufficiency, which is given to you, the more you insist, the more you bleed: it suits you to say you carry the cross like a sacred duty, whereas you are heavy with the weight of your necessities. Have the courage not to admit those necessities and lift yourselves up for your own sakes.
Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac|I know that in the end you'll overwhelm me, but I'll still fight you as long as there's a breath in my body... Yes, you've robbed me of everything: the laurels of glory, the roses of love! But there's one thing you can't take away from me. When I go to meet God this evening, and doff my hat before the lofty gates, my salute will sweep the blue threshold of heaven, because I'll still have one thing intact, without a stain, something that I'll take with me in spite of you: My white plume.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|Do you have the courage? Do you have the courage to bring forth this work? The treasures that are hidden inside you are hoping you will say yes." (quoting Jack Gilbert)
Sofi Benitez, Dog Daze|It is brave to believe that you are a unique, precious young lady no matter what your feelings might be saying.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|And indeed, if we had only the courage to listen to the simplest, the nearest, most pressing voice of our conscience, and be deaf to all else, it were doubtless our solitary duty to relieve the suffering about us to the greatest extent in our power.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|It is well to believe that there needs but a little more thought, a little more courage, more love, more devotion to life, a little more eagerness, one day to fling open wide the portals of joy and of truth.
Anne Sexton|CourageIt is in the small things we see it.The child's first step,as awesome as an earthquake.The first time you rode a bike,wallowing up the sidewalk.The first spanking when your heartwent on a journey all alone.When they called you crybabyor poor or fatty or crazyand made you into an alien,you drank their acidand concealed it.Later,if you faced the death of bombs and bulletsyou did not do it with a banner,you did it with only a hat tocover your heart.You did not fondle the weakness inside youthough it was there.Your courage was a small coalthat you kept swallowing.If your buddy saved youand died himself in so doing,then his courage was not courage,it was love; love as simple as shaving soap.
Gerald Morris, The Legend of the King|No one would speak, so Terence took a deep breath, let it out slowly, and said, "My liege?""Yes, Terence?""Twenty years ago I decided I would die for you. I may not be able to do that tomorrow, but if I can't, I can at least die beside you.
Derrick Jensen, Walking on Water: Reading, Writing, and Revolution|It will be very hard. You’ll make a million mistakes, and you’ll pay for them all, one way or another. But the hard parts will be your parts, they won’t be hard parts other people have imposed on you for their own reasons, or maybe for no reason at all. And your ownership of them – your responsibility to and for them – makes all the difference in the world.
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|His insights have come to him through a crack in the veneer of civilization, which was also a crack in his own soul. He had the courage to look in this direction.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|These days, a sling of truth, still can make Goliath fall.
Leila Samarrai|A good author is he who isn’t afraid to speak his mind; he who dictates the art of the verse. A scribbler who merely keeps quiet and enjoys being lauded is nothing but a reader with nothing of importance to do. He whose written word trickles from his wounds into the world and onto paper is not afraid to both praise and criticize, this is what he strives towards.
Nâzım Hikmet, Poems of Nazım Hikmet|The strangest of our powersIs the courage to liveKnowing that we will die,Knowing nothing more
C.J. Redwine, Deliverance|Thank you for telling me fairy tales, but also for teaching me how to face the battle I'd need to win in real life.
Debbie Ford, Courage: Overcoming Fear and Igniting Self-Confidence|The greatest act of courage is to be and to own all of who you are — without apology, without excuses, without masks to cover the truth of who you are.
Danny Strong, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 screenplay|Whatever strength, courage... madness keeps us going, we find it, in times like these. You have it, soldier. It's what kept you alive all this time.
Debbie Ford, Courage: Overcoming Fear and Igniting Self-Confidence|True courage comes not just from feeling confident and strong, but from being the honest, authentic expression of yourself. Think about how audacious it is to really believe in yourself. It tathat your presence on this earth matters.
WISDOM KWASHIE MENSAH (WKM)|No matter how deep the night is, there will always be a daylight. MAWUKO
J.R.R. Tolkien|You have been chosen, and you must therefore use such strength and heart and wits as you have.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without craziness, there is no courage.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...[Y]ou know very well the truth of what I [say]... I have incurred a great deal of bitter hostility; and this is what will bring about my destruction, if anything does... the slander and jealousy of a very large section of the people. They have been fatal to a great many other innocent men, and I suppose will continue to be so; there is no likelihood that they will stop at me. But perhaps someone will say 'Do you feel no compunction, Socrates, at having followed a line of action which puts you in danger of the death-penalty?' I might fairly reply to him 'You are mistaken, my friend, if you think that a man who is worth anything ought to spend his time weighing up the prospects of life and death. He has only one thing to consider in performing any action; that is, whether he is acting rightly or wrongly, like a good man or a bad one...['] The truth of the matter is this, gentlemen. Where a man has once taken up his stand, either because it seems best to him or in obedience to his orders, there I believe he is bound to remain and face the danger, taking no account of death or anything else before dishonour.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|Suppose... that you acquit me... Suppose that, in view of this, you said to me 'Socrates, on this occasion we shall disregard Anytus and acquit you, but only on one condition, that you give up spending your time on this quest and stop philosophizing. If we catch you going on in the same way, you shall be put to death.' Well, supposing, as I said, that you should offer to acquit me on these terms, I should reply 'Gentlemen, I am your very grateful and devoted servant, but I owe a greater obedience to God than to you; and so long as I draw breath and have my faculties, I shall never stop practicing philosophy and exhorting you and elucidating the truth for everyone that I meet. I shall go on saying, in my usual way, "My very good friend, you are an Athenian and belong to a city which is the greatest and most famous in the world for its wisdom and strength. Are you not ashamed that you give your attention to acquiring as much money as possible, and similarly with reputation and honour, and give no attention or thought to truth and understanding and the perfection of your soul?" And if any of you disputes this and professes to care about these things, I shall not at once let him go or leave him; no, I shall question him and examine him and test him; and if it appears that in spite of his profession he has made no real progress towards goodness, I shall reprove him for neglecting what is of supreme importance, and giving his attention to trivialities. I shall do this to everyone that I meet, young or old, foreigner or fellow-citizen; but especially to you my fellow-citizens, inasmuch as you are closer to me in kinship. This, I do assure you, is what my God commands; and it is my belief that no greater good has ever befallen you in this city than my service to my God; for I spend all my time going about trying to persuade you, young and old, to make your first and chief concern not for your bodies nor for your possessions, but for the highest welfare of your souls, proclaiming as I go 'Wealth does not bring goodness, but goodness brings wealth and every other blessing, both to the individual and to the State.' ...And so, gentlemen, I would say, 'You can please yourselves whether you listen to Anytus or not, and whether you acquit me or not; you know that I am not going to alter my conduct, not even if I have to die a hundred deaths.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...[S]ome of the opinions which people entertain should be respected, and others should not.
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|Stand up for your beliefs, and be different.
Syed Sharukh|Appear On Your Fear, It Will Disappear
Kevin Reaver, Plague of Sorrow|All good things are borne from evil, just like good people. It’s very rare that someone does things purely out of the goodness of their heart. Most need something to fight against, something to drive them forward in order to create a light in what will always be a very dark world.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, The Chessmen of Mars|What--has O-Tar seen an ulsio and fainted?" demanded I-Gos with broad sarcasm."Men have died for less than that, ancient one," E-Thas reminded him."I am safe," retorted I-Gos, "for I am not a brave and popular son of the jeddak of Manator.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The most powerful and courageous heroes I know are those who bite their tongues when justification, validation, temptation, or vengeance would have them strike with truthful, hurtful words.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Courage doesn’t defeat fear or erase fear or adjust to fear. Courage acts, plain and simple, in the midst of fear.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|The Kingdom of God is, in reality, the mental kingdom of a conscientious, compassionate and courageous human.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In life, courage is sometimes to enter through the door and sometimes it is to walk out the door!
Vo Nguyen Giap|The American soldiers were brave, but courage is not enough. David did not kill Goliath just because he was brave. He looked up at Goliath and realized that if he fought Goliath’s way with a sword, Goliath would kill him. But if he picked up a rock and put it in his sling, he could hit Goliath in the head and knock Goliath down and kill him. David used his mind when he fought Goliath. So did we Vietnamese when we had to fight the Americans.
Eleanor Roosevelt|The encouraging thing is that every time you meet a situation, though you may think at the time it is an impossibility and you go through the tortures of the damned, once you have met it and lived through it you find that forever after you are freer than you ever were before. If you can live through that, you can live through anything. You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
Mary McLeod Bethune|To those of you with your years of service still ahead, the challenge is yours. Stop doubting yourselves. Have the courage to make up your minds and hold your decisions. Refuse to be BOUGHT for a nickel, or a million dollars, or a job!
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|If you can't appreciate the full worth of my courage, you can't admire my mastery.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible: Volume 1|When you lack the courage to publicly defend biblical truth, it is a clear testimony that you lack the Holy Spirit. The gift of the Holy Spirit is a gift of no fear.
Roland Merullo, The Delight of Being Ordinary|...if we somehow find the courage to go directly into the discomfort - even the discomfort of illness, pain, old age, and death - we might discover something unexpected there.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|It takes a Bigger Courage to take on Danger, where None can be Sighted.
Catherine Jones Payne, Breakwater|Father knew he might die that day, and he went anyway.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|When shame becomes a management style, engagement dies. When failure is not an option we can forget about learning, creativity, and innovation .
Alexandra Bracken, Wayfarer|I'm not... I'm not without a heart,' he heard Sophia say, her chin raised, eyes straight ahead. 'I'm not. I just don't have the luxury of being soft. I am trying to survive.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Start working on your child’s mind. Start building your child’s character. Raise your child as a human being, instead of raising boys and girls. Raise human beings with the religion of love in their hearts. Raise human beings with the language of compassion on their lips. Raise human beings with the color of joy on their face. Raise human beings with the force of bravery in their nerves. And these brave conscientious souls with the flames of compassion in their hearts shall one day change the course of human history.
Homer Hickam, Carrying Albert Home: The Somewhat True Story of A Man, His Wife, and Her Alligator|The way I see it, if everybody ran from bad things instead of trying to stop them, bad things would be all there is.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|In order to free ourselves from our assumptions about love, we must ask ourselves what long-held, often buried assumptions are and then face them, which takes courage, humility, and kindness.
Brené Brown|Daring to set boundaries is about having the courage to love ourselves, even when we risk disappointing others.
Ellen Emerson White, A Season of Daring Greatly|You have intellect, and courage, and command. Play your own game, and don't worry about what anyone else is doing. That is what's going to give you a shot at making it. Comparing yourself to anyone else will just drive you crazy.
Ymatruz|False reasons trapped in your old bean. Failure isn't your nemesis, denial of truth is.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Taking in another’s criticism, even when it’s offered out of love, requires courage.
Curtis Tyrone Jones, Giants At Play: Finding Wisdom, Courage, And Acceptance To Encounter Your Destiny|If you keep standing on the verge of greatness, you'll eventually get the courage to leap into it.
Curtis Tyrone Jones, Giants At Play: Finding Wisdom, Courage, And Acceptance To Encounter Your Destiny|If you keep standing on the verge of greatness, you'll eventually get the courage to leap into it,
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person who finds grace never lacks the courage to endure, remain resolute in principles and action in the face of an easy collapse into anger, insanity, and self-destruction when living in an increasing chaotic world filled with armed conflict, terrorism, and cultural discord.
Sarojini Naidu|We want deeper sincerity of motive, a greater courage in speech and earnestness in action.
Sunday Adelaja|It is necessary to grow up in maturity, firmness and courage in order to reach the goal
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|In order to defeat the darkness, you must bring it into the light.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|An act of redemption, the ultimate act of personal grace, is an undervalued form of courage.
Bianca Sparacino, Seeds Planted in Concrete|Do not chase another human being. Instead, chase your curiosity. Chase your development and your goals. Chase your passion. Strive to work for something bigger than yourself, and instead of trying to convince someone that you fit within their world, strive to build your own.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Courage is an act of grace when it is not required; it originates from an inner necessity to honor, love, and cherish people, and respect oneself.
Katherine Arden|It is easy to die,' replied the bannik. 'Harder to live.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Some believe it is only great power that can hold evil in check, but that is not what I have found. It is the small everyday deeds of ordinary folk that keep the darkness at bay. Small acts of kindness and love. Why Bilbo Baggins? Perhaps because I am afraid, and he gives me courage.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Grace represents the sublime glamour of human souls, the ability of physically courageous and emotionally brave people to give part of them in order to protect other people regardless of adverse consequence that they might personally endure.
Jennifer    Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|Human nature defeats me sometimes, how greed and spite can lurk so divisively around the utmost courage and sacrifice.
M-E Girard, Girl Mans Up|It's okay to feel bad about how things went down, but it's not okay to drown in guilt and regret every day for having made decisions other people don't agree with. At some point, we all have to man up and decide to do what we have to do, despite the people around us who try to get in the way.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|WHAT I'M TELLING YOU IS, IF YOU WANT TO DO THINGS YOUR OWN WAY, YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO MAKE A DECISION - YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO FIND A LITTLE COURAGE.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|It's not just the body that must survive a jail term: the spirit and the will and the heart have to make it through as well. If any one of them is broken or destroyed, the man whose living body walks through the gate, at the end of his sentence, can't be said to have survived it.
Julian Assange|Every time we witness an injustice and do not act, we train our character to be passive in its presence and thereby eventually lose all ability to defend ourselves and those we love.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|It’s a small painful sort of courage which is at the root of every life, because injustice and cruelty is at the root of life. And the reason why I have only given my attention to the heroic or the beautiful or the intelligent is because I won’t accept that injustice and the cruelty, and so won’t accept the small endurance that is bigger than anything.
Taylor Rhodes, moira: a ghost story|they told her, “fear the reaper."she laughed to herself and muttered, 'baby, death ain’t nothing’ more than a quick fuck. a little bit of silence after he comes.
Nikki Rowe|If you have the understanding to first notice the signs, continue with the courage to follow them.
Nikki Rowe|It takes a tremendous amount of strength to be a single mother. To hold down the forte of a home, a life and your child's entire happiness.
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|One day we will all stand alone and answer to God for the choices we have made in our lives. It will not be enough to say we did not get help because no one would come with us. Life is not easy, but we make it much more difficult when we refuse to be honest about what we feel. For the short term, not being honest may seem easier, but in the long haul, we pay a heavy price.
Robert Harris, Conspirata|...he possessed for attractive form of courage: bravery of a nervous man. After all, any rash fool can be a hero if he sets no value on his life or hasn't the wit to appreciate the danger. But to understand the risks, perhaps even to flinch at first, but then summon the strength to face them down--that is my opinion is the most commendable for of value...
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Letty's first false step was here: she said to herself _I can not_, and did not. She lacked courage--a want in her case not much to be wondered at, but much to be deplored, for courage of the true sort is just as needful to the character of a woman as of a man.
C.J. Redwine, The Wish Granter|Sometimes having courage means the hardest tasks fall onto your shoulders, and those leave the biggest scars.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes you have to walk through the fire, in order to reach your calling.
Vironika Tugaleva|Sometimes, breaking down is the bravest thing you can do.
Tom Althouse|To experience courage, is to experience life. Reflected in loved ones, the greatest encouragement. Dignity, integrity and strength, a harmonious chord, interwoven into an unbreakable cord.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|...opportunities typically come disguised as impossible problems. And while most people run away from their problems, Shamgars run at them with their oxgoads.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|Courage doesn't wait until situational factors turn in one's favor. It doesn't wait until a plan is perfectly formed. It doesn't wait until the tide of popular opinion is turned. Courage only waits for one thing: a green light from God. And when God gives the go, it's full steam ahead, no questions asked.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|When God stirs our spirit or breaks our heart, we cannot sit back. We've got to step up and step in. We've got to go all in by going all out. But if we have the courage to make the choice or take the risk, it will become the defining moment of our lives.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Who would ever know the greater graces of comfort and perseverance, mercy and forgiveness, patience and courage, if no shadows fell over a life?
Auliq-Ice|Always count the costs before starting any journey, and never take a step without finding its costs.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|Until there are so many of them that no one dares to chase them anymore. Until they're an army in themselves. Because if a sufficient number of people are different, no one has to be normal.
Ian Gardiner, In the Service of the Sultan: A First Hand Account of the Dhofar Insurgency|How does one measure bravery? I suppose one starts by looking at the difference between what you are naturally inclined to do, and what your sense of duty tells you you should do. Courage is what it costs you to cover the deficiency.
Leisa Rayven, Bad Romeo|An opinion isn't right or wrong. It's your interpretation of a subject or a situation. You can't be f......g wrong!"So, if I look at the sky and have the opinion that the clouds are pink, I'm right?""Yes! Because it's an opinion, not a fact, and maybe to you, the clouds are pink because you're nuts. An opinion doesn't need to be true for anyone else in the world but you. Stop trying to f.....g please everyone and just say what you think.
Kristy Cambron, A Sparrow in Terezin|His words held depth, but not enough to make her forget the desire to do something more than just leave the hospital alive. All she could think of now was the pain of running away. She'd left her family, left Prague behind out of fear. And still war had chased her to an ARP shelter in the heart of London. How could she run again? Something mattered in standing up to fight.
Valerie Jarrett|If someone's trying to get you angry, the calmer you get, the angrier they'll get.
M.F.K. Fisher, Sister Age|Inwardly, though, she was blown empty by a giant breath, and while they stood waiting for Mr. Henshaw to tie up the Clara she knew that she would never be the same poor, ignorant woman of an hour ago. She would be poor, all right, and she would be ignorant and she would be a woman, but never in the same ways.
Michael Benzehabe|No.” The smile had left Sarah’s voice. “He still works for the Basij. Beware of weak men, little sister. He never returned to help, not even to express condolences for Father. Find a strong man. Get a man who will stand up for you, even if it means he has to fight the whole world. There is nothing more dangerous than a weak man.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|In the little chaos of Pearl's character there might be seen emerging-and could have been from the very first-the steadfast principles of an unflinching courage-an uncontrollable will-a sturdy pride which might be disciplined into self-respect-and a bitter scorn of many things, which, when examined, might be found to have the taint of falsehood in them.
Sarah Blakley-Cartwright, Red Riding Hood|Maybe Father Auguste is right," Henry started thoughtfully, rising from a bench. "Maybe we should wait."From the back of the tavern, Peter stifled a burst of laughter. Henry gripped the edge of the table.Adrian turned to Henry with a withering glare."Maybe, my son," Adrian said quietly, "you should find your courage."Henry took a labored breath."You want to hunt the Wolf?" He narrowed his eyes, spurned. "All right, then. Let's hunt it.
Gyan Nagpal|It is our courage which defines us, not our constraints
Lydia Davis, Can't and Won't: Stories|One gains courage from the one in front of her and moves forward a few steps, passing her by just a little. Now the one farthest back gains courage from the one in front and moves forward until she, in turn, is the leader. And so in this way, taking courage from one another, they advance, as a group, towards the strange thing in front of them.
Shannon L. Alder|There will be times in your life when you will have to stand alone in your pain and choke back all the injustice done to you. Letting go will be the hardest thing you have ever had to do because it means losing something you wish you didn't have to lose--the person that you care for. However, to be authentic--one person, it requires standing for truth as you know it to be, instead of having your dignity destroyed by another. It is a fire you have to walk through, in order to truly live. Sometimes, practicing faith by letting go is the most painful chapter of your life that will take every bit of courage for you to close, before you can be reborn.
Nikki Rowe|Theres a remarkable amount of strength residing in those who move forward without being able to physically move. Ones that carry the weight of illness or a disability, they battle wars most know nothing about. They are the true warriors of the world, the ones who have every reason to quit but never do.
Autumn Morning Star|When life places stones in your path, be the water. A persistent drop of water will wear away even the hardest stone.
Lucy H. Pearce, The Rainbow Way: Cultivating Creativity in the Midst of Motherhood|The message of love or beauty or hope needs to be said by a hundred thousand different voices, written by a hundred thousand different pens, at a hundred thousand different times in history, different places in the world, different sectors of society, in different genres and registers, simply to be heard by the billions of ears and hearts that lie waiting for a truth which fires their soul, answers their question, speaks to their heart.
Lucy H. Pearce, The Rainbow Way: Cultivating Creativity in the Midst of Motherhood|When we have the courage to claim space for ourselves. When we risk creativity. When we relish our sensuality. When we honor our lives and their experiences as valuable. When we create from a female body, expressing ourselves in a woman’s voice, using a woman’s language. We begin to bloom.
Nikki Rowe|There is no certainty, not even your next breath. Live like you are dieing because in reality we all are.
Tad Williams, Shadowheart|They were all becoming brothers, in the manner he had seen before: facing death together was the greatest of levelers.
Luis Enrique Cavazos, The Five Virtues That Awaken Your Life|Once you set the bar high for yourself, you cannot go back to mediocrity. You must give world-class performance in all that you do. Your work ethic, persistence, effort and dedication will glow on your behalf. Do not brag about your accomplishments; allow your reputation to speak of your magnificence.
Toni Sorenson|If you have no armsTo hold your crying child but your own armsAnd no legs but your own to run the stairs one more timeTo fetch what was forgottenI bow to youIf you have no vehicleTo tote your wee one but the wheels that you driveAnd no one else to worry, “Is my baby okay?”When you have to say goodbye on the doorsteps of daycareor on that cursed first day of schoolI bow to youIf you have no skill but your own skillTo replenish an ever-emptying bank accountAnd no answers but your own toSatisfy the endless whys, hows, and whens your child asks and asks againI bow to youIf you have no tongue to tell the truthTo keep your beloved on the path without a precipiceAnd no wisdom to impartExcept the wisdom that you’ve acquiredI bow to youIf the second chair is emptyAcross the desk from a scornful, judging authority waitingFor your child’s father to appearAnd you straighten your spine where you sitAnd manage to smile and say, “No one else is coming—I’m it.”Oh, I bow to youIf your head aches when the spotlight finally shineson your child because your hands are the only hands there to applaudI bow to youIf your heart aches because you’ve given until everything in you is goneAnd your kid declares, “It’s not enough.”And you feel the crack of your own soul as you whisper,“I know, baby. But it’s all mama’s got.”Oh, how I bow to youIf they are your life while you are their nurse, tutor, maidBread winner and bread baker,Coach, cheerleader and teammate…If you bleed when your child falls downI bow, I bow, I bowIf you’re both punisher and huggerAnd your own tears are drowned out by the running of the bathroom faucetbecause children can’t know that mamas hurt tooOh, mother of mothers, I bow to you.—Toni Sorenson
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Take the time to celebrate stillness and silence and see the joy that the world can bring, simply.
Bud Harris|It takes courage to dream, to face our futures and the limiting forces within us. It takes courage to be determined that, as we slow down physically, we are going to grow even more psychologically and spiritually. Courage, the philosopher Aristotle taught us, is the most important of all the virtues, because without it we can’t practice any of the others. Courage is the nearest star that can guide our growth. Maya Angelou said we must be courageous about facing and exploring our personal histories. We must find the courage to care and to create internally, as well as externally, and as she said, we need the courage “to create ourselves daily as Christians, as Jews, as Muslims, as thinking, caring, laughing, loving human beings.
Jagdish Joghee|There was no use feeling guilty about getting on to the ship when you are in the middle of the ocean. If you felt guilty or sorry, you had only one option – drown in the middle of the sea.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|When you find yourself internally, you find what nourishes you from within. You lose that entitlement and anger when YOU deliver.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|I needed to realise my role in the drama and it was only then that I could learn and be better for it, and it was only then that I could move forward. I needed to move forward and had to look at each day as a way of becoming a better me. And when I got better, the people around me reciprocated.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|Wanting to live, but accepting death to save others: that was courage.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|We need more people in this world, energised by chasing a quest or a goal and that is what will energise the world.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|The word 'heresy' not only means no longer being wrong; it practically means being clear-headed and courageous. The word 'orthodoxy' not only no longer means being right; it practically means being wrong. All this can mean one thing, and one thing only. It means that people care less for whether they are philosophically right. For obviously a man ought to confess himself crazy before he confesses himself heretical.
Michael Meade, Why the World Doesn't End: Tales of Renewal in Times of Loss|Until a person has failed significantly or missed the boat, they will not know how to hold the tension until the right moment or how to test the waters before pushing on.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|If I always stuck up for what I had, I would have missed the most amazing things I have today. What are you fighting for that you need to let go? Release the magic within. The magic of what could be.
Tony Curl|When you are the central character in a seemingly boiling pit of “busy-ness” the time will come when the pace of decline cannot be countered. You build yourself the circumstances of ultimate failure by failing to grow, by failing to act on your learnings.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|What a hideous life he had chosen, how painful was the loneliness he endured because he didn't have the courage to trust someone again. To trust someone entirely because in love there is no other way.
Clare Bell, Ratha's Courage|Real courage is being kind again, after you've felt that your kindness was thrown in your face. To risk it once more, or even twice more takes a special strength.
Richard Matheson, The Shrinking Man|This, he knew, was courage, the truest, ultimate courage, because there was no one here to sympathize or praise him for it. What he felt was felt without the hope of commendation.
J.C. Ryle, Thoughts for Young Men|Young man, be of good courage. Care not for what the world says or thinks: you will not be with the world always. Can man save your soul? No. Will man be your judge in the great and dreadful day of account? No. Can man give you a good conscience in life, a good hope in death, a good answer in the morning of resurrection? No! no! no! Man can do nothing of the sort. Then "fear not the reproach of men, neither be afraid of their revilings: for the moth shall eat them up like a garment, and the worm shall eat them like wool" (Isa. 51:7,8). Call to your mind the saying of good Colonel Gardiner: "I fear God, and therefore I have none else to fear." Go and be like him.
J.F.Johns|Strength was not how fiercely one punched, but instead, how one would summon the courage to take a blow for someone else.
Walter Scott|Everything is possible for him who possesses courage and activity,'' she said, with a look resembling one of those heroines of the age of chivalry, whose encouragement was wont to give champions double valour at the hour of need; ``and to the timid and hesitating, everything is impossible, because it seems so.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is one thing you must always remember about yourself; always be yourself, with courage and humility, no matter what!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|With God, a mountain before me is soon to be a memory behind me.
Renee Carlino, Swear on This Life|We can't always control our circumstances, who are parents are, where we live, or how much money we make, but in those rare moments when we can shape our fate, when we do have the power to make our own happiness, we can't be too scared to do it.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every person fails, nobody achieves everything that he or she set out to achieve. Nobody, regardless of how many personal triumphs they enjoy, no matter how rich or powerful they become, goes through life without encountering failure. You cannot fail unless a person valiantly tries to accomplish a task. The most audacious person readily attempts difficult projects, despite feeling uncertain if they can prevail. Successful people exhibit the character to respond positively to failure. Some failures prove instrumental in altering a person’s outlook, and their revised perspective leads to brilliant successes
Shannon L. Alder|I don't fear the future. I fear letting it pass by me, without ever trying to make it mine.
Neel Burton|One needs to be either more brave or more good, because if courage is lacking goodness can substitute, while cowardice is the deficiency of both.
Courtney Summers, Please Remain Calm|Because you made it here on a lot less" he says and he has no idea how on the mark he is.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|Being meek does not make you weak. You’re not someone who sways with changing circumstances. You don’t allow yourself to be used. You’re not passive or spineless. Your faith is in the Almighty, so you know that you are mighty.
Flavin, Martin|Thinking it was easy to take a chance on things if you had nothing to lose -- politics, ideas, almost anything in fact; from the bottom of the ladder you could safely risk a fall, but the higher that you climbed the more cautious you must be.
Sabine Shah|We all write stories in our minds, but only few have the courage to put them on paper.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All revered spiritual leaders, political leaders, and diplomats, captains of industry, intellectuals, and winning generals exhibit genuine humility that empowers them to act with integrity and courage under the most distressing circumstances.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|When you realize you are no longer made of glass, you lose the desire to demonstrate that fragility in others.
M. L. Stedman - The Light Between Oceans|To make sense of it - that's the challenge. To bear witness to the death, without being broken by the weight of it.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|If your focus is on your failures, limitations, & fears, you've one sure destination. You'll get drowned. If not now, at the end of the day!
Jolene Perry|And it's true what I read about joy. It's the kind of happiness that not only fills you up but spills over. Really, all you have to do is look for it, and then have the strength to let it in. And believe it or not, that's the hardest part.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Take away your eyes from your past failures, current limitations, and future fears. Be hopeful, believe in yourself, be bold, and move on...
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|We are loved if we love, another truth we always seem to forget. ...Loving requires so much courage and so little expectation.
L. Frank Baum|All you need is confidence in yourself. There is no living thing that is not afraid when it faces danger. The true courage is in facing danger when you are afraid, and that kind of courage you have in plenty.
Deborah Levy, Hot Milk|Gómez had suggested I steal a fish to achieve more courage and purpose. I regarded this task as an anthropological experiment, though it crossed a border into something approaching magic, or perhaps magical thinking. When I googled how to gut a fish, there were over 9 million results.
Maya Angelou|We need to develop courage, and we need to develop it in small ways first..... You develop a little courage, so that if you decide, "I will not stay in rooms where women are belittled; I will not stay in company where races, no matter who they are, are belittled; I will not take it; I will not sit around and accept dehumanising other human beings: - if you decide to do that in small ways, and you continue to do it - finally you realize you've got so much courage. Imagine it - you've got so much courage that people want to be around you. They get a feeling that they will be protected in your company.
Angron, Wahammer 40K|What would you know of struggle, perfect son? When have you fought against the mutilation of your mind? When have you had to do anything other than tally compliance's and polish your armor? The people of your world named you "Great One". The people of mine called me slave. Which one of us landed on a paradise of civilization to be raised by a foster father, Roboute? Which one of us was given armies to lead after training in the halls of the Macraggian High Riders? Which one of us inherited a strong, cultured kingdom? And which one of us had to rise up against a kingdom with nothing but a horde of starving slaves? Which one of us was a child enslaved on a world of monsters, with his brain cut up by carving knives? Listen to your blue clad wretches yelling courage and honor, courage and honor, courage and honor! Do you even know the meaning of those words? Courage is fighting the kingdom which enslaves you, no matter that their armies outnumber yours by ten-thousand to one. You know nothing of courage! Honor is resisting a tyrant when all others suckle and grow fat on the hypocrisy he feeds them. You know nothing of honor!
Emma Watson|Don’t let anyone tell you what you can and can’t do or achieve. Do what you want to do and be who you want to be. Just encourage and include each other, don’t ostracize the gender in front of you.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|Monsieur Foinet got up and made as if to go, but he changed his mind, and, stopping, put his hand on Philip's shoulder."But if you were going to ask me my advice, I should say: take your courage in both hands and try your luck at something else. It sounds very hard, but let me tell you this: I would give all I have in the world if someone had given me that advice when I was your age and I had taken it."Philip looked up at him with surprise. The master forced his lips into a smile, but his eyes remained grave and sad."It is cruel to discover one's mediocrity only when it's too late. It does not improve the temper."He gave a little laugh as he said the last words and quickly walked out of the room.
Terry Hayes, I Am Pilgrim|I had been to Jeddah on my previous trip, so I knew it well enough. There was only one thing to recommend it: say, you wanted to commit suicide and couldn’t quite find the courage, two days in Jeddah would do the trick.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To grow is not to timidly sit on some safe shore at water’s edge and clumsily grab whatever happens to float by me. Rather, it is to deliberately step into waters both calm and turbulent in order to wrestle great things to shore.
Sammy Toora|You can repeat lies of others without hesitationBecause, you don’t have to give justification But, saying truth you have to be fearless and courageousBecause, you have to defend your viewsYou can not say truth without hurting sentiments of many people
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|Definiteness of decision always requires courage, sometimes very great courage. The fifty-six men who signed the Declaration of Independence staked their lives on the decision to affix their signatures to that document.
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|There were so many things we left unsaid. Depending on how you look at it, whether you think it was worth saying it out loud, or better kept inside.
Victoria Wen|To forgive is a decision, to forget takes effort, to heal is a process, to believe again takes courage.
Erica Jong|Many people today believe that cynicism requires courage. Actually, cynicism is the height of cowardice. It is innocence and open-heartedness that requires the true courage-however often we are hurt as a result of it.
Lauren Magaziner, Pilfer Academy: A School So Bad It's Criminal|He turned to face the long, shadowy hall. There was no turning back now. Unless, of course, he decided to turn back.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|Risk all. Let life be a play, a risk, a gamble. And when you can risk all you will attain to a sharpness in your being: your soul will be born. The Golden Flower can bloom in you only if you are courageous, daring. It blooms only in courage.
William Shakespeare, Henry V|He which hath no stomach to this fight, let him depart, his passport shall be made and crowns for convoy put into his purse. We would not die in that man's company that fears his fellowship, to die with us.
Robert Browning, Poetical Works|The power of the night, the press of the storm, the post of the foe; where he stands, the Arch Fear in a visible form, yet, the strong man must go.
Michael Barrett, A Calendar of Scottish Saints|When Abbess Ebba received tidings of the near approach of the pagan hordes, who had already wrecked vengeance upon ecclesiastics, monks, and consecrated virgins, she summoned her nuns to Chapter, and in a moving discourse exhorted them to preserve at any cost the treasure of their chastity. Then seizing a razor, and calling upon her daughters to follow her heroic example, she mutilated her face in order to inspire the barbarian invaders with horror at the sight. The nuns without exception courageously followed the example of their abbess. When the Danes broke into the cloister and saw the nuns with faces thus disfigured, they fled in panic. Their leaders, burning with rage, sent back some of their number to set fire to the monastery, and thus the heroic martyrs perished in the common ruin of their house.
Nikki Rowe|I find myself enjoying being alone a lot of the time, people come and people go and you have to find a way to be ok with both.
Frederick Espiritu, One Whole Naked Me|Courage brought me here.I desperately tried to dress myself with words.Yet excuses can no longer defend my walls.So here I am.Clueless.Defenseless.But I will tell you this,for this is all you have to know.I love you.Nothing in this life is more worthfighting for than that.
Clifford Cohen|If you can’t be brave in the face of adversity, at least be practical.
Nikki Rowe|There is a gift in experiencing so much tragedy of life from a young age, you gain the wisdom earlier to make better choices for later.
Mavis Leno|If you want to make a difference, the next time you see someone being cruel to another human being, take it personally. Take it personally because it is personal.
Nikki Rowe|Love is anything but safe, it's wild and raw and will rip at your heart strings but once you've tasted it for the very first time it becomes like an addiction feeling nostalgia when seperated for another beating heart & before them you question where you called home.
Alok Jagawat|Men with Honor are not killed by swords, they die of Shame.
Deyth Banger|People should be courage to read books, it should be made in such way how I changed my opinion how James Patterson did it. It should be done a way in which people should se the advantages of reading a book.
James Morris Robinson, Genesis: A New World Order|True heroism is not reserved solely for men and women in uniform. Heroes come in all genders, shapes, sizes and colors. We thank these world heroes for their sacrifices, courage and acts of valor that have made a difference in the world.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|But it was women like Rudabeh who planted in my mind the idea of a different kind of woman whose courage is private and personal. Without making any grand claims, without aiming to save humanity or defeat the forces of Satan, these women were engaged in a quiet rebellion, courageous not because it would get them accolades, but because they could not be otherwise. If they were limited and vulnerable, it was an audacious vulnerability, transcending the misogyny of their creator and his times.
Nikki Rowe|I could have loved him with everything I had but he wasn't prepared for the depth i provided ~ had I been a woman of weakness I would have stayed, but he lost the chance when he said I wasn't enough that day.
Kamand Kojouri|I have died at the ripe age of twenty.Smile, for the world didn't get a chance to disappoint me.I have died at the mature age of ninety.Smile, for my life was more than satisfying.I have died suddenly—out of the blue.Smile, for I didn't have to fall ill before you.I have died from a long illness.Smile, for I had the chance to say goodbye.I did not want to leave this Earth.But smile, for I am still here among you.Why are you crying?Can you not see I am smiling?
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|Start with a cry, end with a smile.
Steve Maraboli|You can't force someone to care... You can only come to the realization that if you stay, they'll keep hurting you. I wish you the wisdom and courage to walk away and begin the healing process.
Nikki Rowe|And you finally get there, you reach a point where you refuse to feel anymore pain and the desire to chase happiness out weighs any choice that gives you reason to question where you're headed.
Laurence Overmire, The Ghost of Rabbie Burns: An American Poet's Journey Through Scotland|Wisdom is finding the path that is best for all - considering the options, the positives and the negatives - and having the courage to change what must be changed for the sake of the entire world.
Duncan Edwards|Even if you are having a nightmare day during which nothing will go right, never cease looking for the ball. In the end everything will come right, for football is a game that rewards those who show courage.
Rachel L. Schade, Silent Kingdom|No matter what, I would never let the people who wanted me to break see how much damage they had inflicted.
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|All those dotted lines were just the parts of the story where she would get on the ground and get her hands dirty with the mess of it all. The mess and the glory of other people’s hearts and heart songs. She would learn it would take grit, and guts, and courage to make a difference. But the world will always need people who care enough to make a difference, so she needed to not miss her casting call.
Martha Brockenbrough, The Game of Love and Death|If life didn't end,' he said, 'there would be no need for me. To choose love in the face if death is the ultimate act of courage. I am the joy, but you are the meaning. Together, we make humanity more that it otherwise might have been.
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|You go on with your life, because life goes on,” says Isabel. “You see this in anyone who has survived a traumatic situation. My own daughter died, for example.” Her only daughter, Paula Frias, died of porphyria in 1992 at the age of twenty-seven. “At first you think you can’t live with this,” says the author, who just turned sixty-five. “It’s just too much. Then life begins to take over. One morning you wake up and you want to eat chocolate. Or walk in the woods. Or open a bottle of wine. You get back up on your feet.” “When you can, right?” “You have no choice!” Isabel insists. “You cannot let the bullies keep you on the floor! I have been on my knees a thousand times, and I always get up.
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|The French have a term for this brazenness: je m’en foutisme, the brave art of not giving a damn.
Laurie Perez, Breakthrough: How to Have Compassion for Those Who Do Harm|Feel compassion for your own heart that was broken open by grief or confusion.Then tune in to the other level of that experience. Some part of you was heroic inside that moment of your life.Some part of you was looking out for you, wanting you to make it through, encouraging you to love and heal and be larger than the message you were getting. Access the hero inside your own story....
Jan-Philipp Sendker, The Art of Hearing Heartbeats|Yet she also longed for moments when she might be weak, when she need not prove anything to anyone.
Dilip Bathija, The Superhero Soul: Quest for Inspiration, Happiness, Success and Greatness|Think crazily, even if others laugh at you. Act bravely, even if you are all alone.
Shannon L. Alder|Surviving isn't around us, but in us.
Catrice M. Jackson|Show up, shine and do the damn thing!
Catrice M. Jackson|Step into the marketplace with some sizzle, spice, spunk and shazam!
Norman Lock, American Meteor|What is a good man if not one who does not believe in himself to the exclusion of others? ... He was asked to bear what cannot be borne--what should not be borne. I hope never to be so tested, for I have it on the best authority that I will not bear it.
Nikki Rowe|I have a fear of living a surface kind of life; barely existing, barely touching or tasting anything. That's why you'll always see me giving my all or walking away ~ I'm too full of depth to dance in the middle of anything.
J.R. Thornton, Beautiful Country|I’ve come to understand that each person has to work out their own personal algorithm of courage. No two are the same, and it’s no used trying to borrow or copy anyone else’s.
Katherine J. Walden, Dare to Call Him Friend|God only requires two things from us. First, He asks that we stay unwavering in our knowledge that His faithful love endures forever. And second, He asks that we stay steadfast in our belief that His intentions are to bless and redeem. As we stand on these two truths, He strengthens our faith and increases our trust.
Steve Maraboli|Mindset Matters: Cut away the nonsense and cultivate an environment conducive to your personal well-being. Forgive yourself and others. Have the courage to move on. The battle is long... and in the end, it's only with yourself.
Mya Waechtler|Stand up and let the world hear your roar, now spread your wings and begin to soar.
Constance Fenimore Woolson, Anne|They did not realize what a supreme effort of courage it required to make this young girl go out alone into the wide world, and face its vastness and its strangeness.
Pat Schneider, How the Light Gets in: Writing as a Spiritual Practice|Writing and prayer are both a form of love, and love takes courage.
Django Wexler, The Mad Apprentice|It's not courage so much as stubbornness," Alice said frankly. Her lips curled back from her teeth in a grim smile. "I don't like to lose.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|Yes, it is,” I whispered, “and one day the spell will not cause you to forget it.
Sam Davis, Stop Procrastination: 12 Simple Anti-Procrastination Habits That Will Help You Stop Procrastinating And Boost Your Productivity|Better to sink with tempests raging o'erMasts all dismantled and hull gaping wideThan rest and rot on some unclouded shoreThe idle plaything of the listless tide.Better the grime of battle on the brow,With grim defeat to crush thy dying handThan through long years of peace to tyrant bowOr dwell captive in a strangers land.Better the castle with beleaguered gate,By battle's lightning shivered in a dayThan peaceful walls in pomp of sullen state,Through centuries sinking to a dull decay.Better resolve to win thy heart's desire,And striving bravely, die in the endeavorThan have the embers of some smothered fireLie smouldering in thy saddened soul forever.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|I stared back at her, my eyes leveled with hers in inscrutable certainty. For a moment, our eyes remained engaged, unflinching and impenetrable, as the shrill, steady call of a siren ran across the street outside, mixing with the effervescent glow of traffic lights and a steady pitter-patter of pedestrian feet sauntering across the street in wakeful gait.
Katherine J. Walden, Dare to Call Him Friend|God promises to be our Strong Tower, our Protector, our Champion, and our Advocate. He also promises that if we call Him friend we will see persecution; we will suffer, and we will go through the fires of sanctification. He promises to shake us out of our complacency. There is no safer place to be than in His presence, but He is not the God of the complacent.
Brownell Landrum, Repercussions: DUET stories Volume IV - Adult Version|It’s not about optimism, pessimism or realism. It’s not about thinking nothing bad will ever happen to you. It’s about having the faith and courage that no matter what happens, you’ll be okay.
Kahlil Gibran, The Treasured Writings of Kahlil Gibran|Believing is a fine thing, but putting those beliefs into execution is a test of strength.
Shannon L. Alder|Dignity is never silent. It has a voice, heart and soul. Truth and courage is its foundation. It will stand against the masses and speak the truth. Because every great person has always done what others found fear in doing.
Cornelia Funke|Courage was something John Reckless only ever wished he had. Courage was not a given; it was acquired, earned. You had to take the difficult paths, and John had always picked the easy ones.
Ashly Lorenzana, Speed Needles|Yeah, I'm a drug addict. And a prostitute. The whole world knows. Not because I robbed my own family. Not because I ended up behind bars. Not because I've been hassled by the cops when soliciting customers from a local street corner. Not because I'm shooting up in the public bathrooms at your city park. Everyone knows because I told them all. I never tried to hide any of it. I never felt the need to.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With courage, you can overcome the cultural shock in a visit to a new country.
Tyler L. H.|Inside everyone is a their own madness, a madness only courage can stand to, but even courage is never alone. He has Love, Hatred, Sadness, Confusion, Bravery, and in some special cases Intelligence.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With 100% confident, courage and commitment, anything is possible.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With courage, confident and commitment, the dream is possible.
Vikki Wakefield, All I Ever Wanted|Courage isn't something you can conjure, it's either in you or it's not.
Siri Mitchell, Like a Flower in Bloom|I curtsied. 'Thank you, Mr. Stansbury. And I apologize for my lack of grace.'He bowed. 'Never apologize for being courageous, Miss Withersby.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|I strike spurs into my horse. Against you I will fling myself, unvanquished and unyielding, O Death!
Saru Singhal|I like strong people. The ones who have gone through immense pain and hardened like a clay pot. They feel pain, but they smile. They faced problems and emerged victorious. Maybe, they lack materialistic things, but they are the ones with 'peace of mind.' One thing I long, everyone longs.I like strong people. The ones who have peace of mind. The ones who know not having things is OK.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You can strive in life with courage, faith and hope.
Ronald L.  Smith, Hoodoo|You got to face your evil, Hoodoo," Zeke said. "If people don't face the danger that's seeking them, evil will find them first.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|Whereas moral courage is the righting of wrongs, creative courage, in contrast, is the discovering of new forms, new symbols, new patterns on which a new society can be built.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|We're wired for story. In a culture of scarcity and perfectionism, there's a surprisingly simple reason we want to own, integrate, and share our stories of struggle. We do this because we feel the most alive when we're connecting with others and being brave with our stories - it's in our biology.
Laurence Overmire|Good people turn to love, courage and kindness in times of crisis, not hate, fear and cruelty.
Kenneth Roberts, Oliver Wiswell|Valiant! The word mocked me, for I knew myself to be anything but valiant. What I had done, I had done in a fit of insane bitterness, not with cool courage, not with brave quick thinking, not with presence of mind - but with absence of it.
Ray Anyasi, Broken Cloud: the first sunrise|Mother, I share your concern, but I do not know how to be afraid of what I cannot change."- Sari
Seja Majeed|They throw their stones at you not expecting that you would catch them with a smile. But a wise soul knows that what life throws at you today, is only preparing you for a stronger tomorrow. After all, you can't build a castle without first laying down its foundations...
Lailah Gifty Akita|Confident in spirit, courageous in soul.
Larry R. Lawrence|It is vital that parents have the courage to speak up and intervene before Satan succeeds. President Boyd K. Packer has taught that “when morality is involved, we have both the right and the obligation to raise a warning voice.
Larry R. Lawrence|Courageous parenting does not always involve saying no. Parents also need courage to say yes to the counsel of modern-day prophets. Our Church leaders have counseled us to establish righteous patterns in our homes. Consider five fundamental practices that have the power to fortify our youth: family prayer, family scripture study, family home evening, family dinner together, and regular one-on-one interviews with each child.
Stefan Bachmann, Slasher Girls & Monster Boys|Stop it, Misha. Stop being so frightened of everything. But she couldn't stop. She carried fear with her like a little animal, curled in the nook behind her heart, and it whispered to her. You are weak, you are frightened, and you will never dare do anything at all.
Natalie Lloyd, The Key to Extraordinary|I learned that courage and fear always come as a pair. If you've gone one inside you, you've surely got the other.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|A man is a hero, not because he is braver than anyone else, but because he is brave for ten minutes longer.
C.S. Pacat|Damen found himself alongside Jord. ‘If you want to live, ride fast.’ White-faced, Jord took one look at his expression and said, ‘He’s not coming.’‘We’re outnumbered,’ said Damen, ‘but if you run, you might still make it out.’‘If we’re outnumbered, what are you going to do?’Damen drove his horse onward, ready to take up his own place on the front line. He said, ‘Fight.
Glazl Bugaoan|Never be afraid of darkness, it is only temporary. Have hope, have the courage, be cautious, walk and continue your journey. Life is not always a fairy tale but like a rolling stone we need to go up and down until it stop.
Michael  Grant, Light|But then had come the voice that said, "Come on, you little freak, wherever the hell you are,whatever the hell you are, let’s get this done with.
Allen Wheelis, How People Change|One theft, however, does not make a thief . . Action which defines a man, describes his character, is action which has been repeated over and over and so has come in time to be a coherent and relatively independent mode of behavior. At first it may have been fumbling and uncertain, may have required attention, effort, will - as when first drives a car, first makes love, first robs a bank, first stands up against injustice. If one perseveres on any such course it comes in time to require less effort, less attention, begins to function smoothly; its small component behaviors become integrated within a larger pattern which has an ongoing dynamism and cohesiveness, carries its own authority. Such a mode then pervades the entire person, permeates other modes, colors other qualities, in some sense is living and operative even when the action is not being performed, or even considered. . . . Such a mode of action tends to maintain itself, to resist change. A thief is one who steals; stealing extends and reinforces the identity of a thief, which generates further thefts, which further strengthen and deepen the identity. So long as one lives, change is possible; but the longer such behavior is continued the more force and authority it acquires, the more it permeates other constant bodes, subordinates other conflicting modes; changing back becomes steadily more difficult; settling down to an honest job, living on one's earnings becomes ever more unlikely. And what is said here of stealing applies equally to courage, cowardice, creativity . . . or any other of the myriad ways of behaving, and hence of being.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Seek until there is no hope and then seek further. Seek without end. Trudge on without tiring and without fear and without disheartenment. Trudge on, for it is within you to fight any enemy. It is who you are. It is your past and your present and your future. You will not quit. You cannot quit. Your breath is your courage, and as you breathe, so must you hope or you are already dead.
Michael  Grant, Light|But then had come the voice that said, Come on, you little freak, wherever the hell you are, whatever the hell you are, let’s get this done with.
Isabel Allende, Maya's Notebook|I was alone, without a single cent, in an unknown country. If I'd learned anything from last year's ill-fated adventures, though, it was not to get overwhelmed by minor inconveniences.
Benedict Freedman|Katherine Mary, w'er going to know each other very well, for many years, I hope. You'll see, you'll come to understand. These big things, these terrible things, are not the important ones. If they were, how could one go on living? No, it is the small, little things that make up a day, that bring fullness and happiness to your life. Your Sergeant coming home, a good dinner, your little Mary laughing, the smell of the woods - oh, so many things, you know them yourself
Manuela George-Izunwa|Being brave is not the absence of fear, but having courage greater than it to dare!
Larry R. Lawrence|In these last days, what the world really needs is courageous parenting from mothers and fathers who are not afraid to speak up and take a stand.
Jeff Zentner, The Serpent King|What you call pride, I call courage.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes, it is how you shine in the darkness during other people's misery that is remembered more than anything you could have said or done when you have suffered just as much.
Shannon L. Alder|You can't live in your mind and expect those dreams to become real, without the work. Reality requires actions that might feel scary, but that is what is required if you want to find true love. Don't expect it to come and rescue you. You have to rescue yourself.
Leza Lowitz, Up From the Sea|If you weren't scared,you wouldn't be human,you wouldn't be brave.""What do you mean?" I ask."If you were fearless,you wouldn'tneed to overcome it.Bravery means being scaredand going forwardanyway," Fia says."That's courage.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Instead of begging to be picked by others, you have the choice to pick yourself and build your brand
Shannon L. Alder|Vulnerability gives us freedom, power and connects us to a network of injured souls. It is through the art of being real that we can heal ourself and others.
Nikki Rowe|Be captivated by your hearts desire, not distracted by your minds fear.
Jennifer Handford, The Light of Hidden Flowers|We were not born whole; we were born new, and each life experience coated us with another layer. These layers protected us like armor, but they also covered us to the point where we no longer could feel. That was the balance: to open up to the experiences, to strategically place the layers, but to leave the heart open. The heart had to be sent into the front lines every day, naked, unarmed, willing to take fire. That was the only way to live. With risk. On the cusp of dying.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|when you courageously believe in the power of doubt instead of the power of God, you much see the works of doubt and least see the works of God
E.A. Bucchianeri|I know, not everyone will like what I write, but writing is not about trying to please everybody.
April White, Waging War|I turned to face her. "What about fear. Can you outrun it?""Only if ye stand still and face it do ye have a chance against fear.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|To brim with hope, to cultivate just one small kernel of faith, to sport a touch of confidence, and to have one’s innate material embedded with layers of feisty are all that makes for the plucky kind of courage that means anything in the end.
A.D. Posey|Have the courage to walk in truth, the strength to love always, and the integrity to never stray away from doing so.
Jennifer Handford, The Light of Hidden Flowers|So long as I was pursuing my passion, I would always find courage. I would be restored. My history of silence didn’t have to be my future.
Vendela Vida|You panic and you rage, then this calm settles over you, and you remake yourself.
Martina Boone, Persuasion|It took vulnerability to forge strength, the way true courage required fear.
Drew  Hayes, NPCs|Oh sure, everyone else charges monsters and it's brave, I do it once and I'm a madman.
Debasish Mridha|You cannot enrich yourself with material possessions. However, you can enrich yourself by giving yourself away with love, service, kindness, compassion, and courage.
Debasish Mridha|With courage, always go where you fear to go.
Qiu Miaojin, Last Words from Montmartre|With sincerity, courage, & honesty, one can face death, extreme physical pain, & even extreme psychological pain. One can resist persecution from individuals, society, or government. To live in preparation of adversity & finding ways to preserve your core values --this is what it means to learn "how to live.
Shannon L. Alder|Angels come in many forms, but they always bring the same message--wisdom.
Leza Lowitz, Up From the Sea|If you weren't scared,you wouldn't be human,you wouldn't be brave.What do you mean? I ask.If you were fearless,you wouldn'tneed to overcome it.Bravery means being scaredand going forwardanyway, Fia says.That's courage
Abraham Verghese|Be ready. Be seated. See what courage sounds like. See how brave it is to reveal yourself in this way. But above all, see what it is to still live, to profoundly influence the lives of others after you are gone, by your words.
Leonard Michaels, Time out of Mind: The Diaries of Leonard Michaels, 1961-1995|Courage is continuing to perform your daily tasks, and being hopeful despite the odds, not inflicting your fears on others, and remaining sensitive to their needs and expectations, and also not supposing, because you're dying, nothing matters any more.
Sherry Thomas, The Immortal Heights|For what is the Void but the beginning of Light? What is Light but the end of Fear? And what am I, but Light given from? What am I, but the beginning of Eternity?
John Mark Green|Your life will consist of a series of times when you must reinvent yourself. We desperately cling to the idea that things should stay the same, but life and growth are about change. Don't mistake the end of a chapter for the end of the story. Lean into the plot changes, and follow your character arc. If you are in a dark part of your tale, know that this night will not last forever, but you must be brave enough to see it through. This is not the end, oh no my friend. Take courage. Better things await you.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Come on!' he muttered, staring about. 'Where are you? Dad, come on--" But no one came. Harry raised his head to look at the circle of dementors across the lake. One of them was lowering its hood. It was time for the rescuer to appear--but no one was coming to help this time-- And then it hit him--he understood. He hadn't seen his father--he had seen himself--... 'It was stupid, thinking it was him,' he (Harry) muttered. 'I mean, I knew he was dead.' 'You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us? You think that we don't recall them more clearly than ever in times of great trouble? Your father is alive in you, Harry, and shows himself most plainly when you have need of him. How else could you produce that particular Patronus? Prongs rode again last night.'... 'You know, Harry, in a way, you did see your father last night...You found him inside yourself.' And Dumbledore left the office, leaving Harry to his very confused thoughts.
E.V. Frapiere, Through My Mother's Voice, I Found My Own: Inspiring Poems, Prose, and Reflections from the Middle|Winning is a matter of endurance. As long as you don't quit, you will win!
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|The lovelorn, the cry-for-helpers, all mawkish tragedians who give suicide a bad name are the idiots who rush it, like amateur conductors. .A true suicide is a paced, disciplined certainty. People pontificate, 'Suicide is selfishness.' Career churchmen like Pater go a step further and call it a cowardly assault on the living. Oafs argue this specious line for varying reasons: to evade fingers of blame, to impress one’s audience with one’s mental fiber, to vent anger, or just because one lacks the necessary suffering to sympathize. Cowardice is nothing to do with it—suicide takes considerable courage. Japanese have the right idea. No, what’s selfish is to demand another to endure an intolerable existence, just to spare families, friends, and enemies a bit of soul-searching. The only selfishness lies in ruining strangers’ days by forcing ’em to witness a grotesqueness.
Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards|It is not our responsibility to fix every mess. If someone steps onto the scary ledge of truth, it is enough to acknowledge her courage and make this promise: I am here with you as your friend...
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|The idea of being vulnerable leaves a lot of room for choice. There is always room to be less foldable, more evil.
Micheline Jean Louis|I’ve always thought that the reason the devil approached Eve and not Adam is because the devil Recognized the power, courage, and tenacity of a woman, the world would have you believe that eve was a weaker sex and that is why the devil approached her, But think about it, a weak person would never disobey let alone desire to be God.
Brian P. Moran, The 12 Week Year|To become fit requires discomfort, to earn a significant income requires discomfort, to become great at anything, requires you to pay the price. ..To become great, you must choose to allocate your time to your greatest opportunities. You will have to choose to spend time on the difficult things that create your biggest payoffs. To be great you will need to live with intention. That will require you to be clear on what matters most, and then to have the courage to say no to things that distract you.
Shannon L. Alder|Extraordinary change can happen in your life, but it will take extraordinary people, extraordinary courage and extraordinary faith to believe that this won't be a repeat of your past.
Shannon L. Alder|People that don't know what they are worth will always see their capture's wings, but never their tail.
Nikki Rowe|Master the chaos within yourself and I promise you, you will gain the strength to withstand any storm.
Shannon L. Alder|If your children know who God is they will know who they are, regardless of where you or they call home.
Jeanette Coron|Courage is not the absence of fear, it's to feel the fear and face it anyway.
Albert Camus, The Plague|In a certain sense it might well be said that his was an exemplary life. He was one of those rare people, rare in our town as elsewhere, who have the courage of their good feelings. What little he told of his personal life vouched for acts of kindness and a capacity for affection that no one in our times dares own to. Without a blush he confessed to dearly loving his nephews and sister, his only surviving near relation, whom he went to France to visit every other year. He admitted that the thought of his parents, whom he lost when he was very young, often gave him a pang. He did not conceal the fact that he had a special affection for a church bell in his part of the town which started pealing very melodiously at about five every afternoon.
T.A. Cline, Archomai|Truth stands out little in a field of truths. However, it is a ravaging lion, in a field of lies.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Though mortal Men have little life beside the span of the Elves, they would rather spend it in battle than fly or submit. The defiance of Húrin Thalion is a great deed; and though Morgoth slay the doer he cannot make the deed not to have been. Even the Lords of the West will honour it; and is it not written into the history of Arda, which neither Morgoth nor Manwë can unwrite?
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|It is what you do about the fear you feel that sets you apart, to be a coward or a courageous person.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|For beautiful success, serve with love and serve with courage.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|Fear of failure is deceptive.Don't do it, you'll fail, it says.Courage is inceptive.It's where success starts.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Ask me, "Why would you travel on the difficult path?". Because , I trust God to walk me through the unknown journey.
J. Neven-Pugh, DragonTongue: Riddles Revealed|Don't get mad, William," he finally said, provoking the distraught to look up at him, "I know it's hard, an' unfair, but you can't let yourself become angry. You're too nice, - too good, - if you can't at least hope for a possibility, then what happiness can you expect to have? You have to hold on to it, or else you've got nothing..." (77)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When I believe, this is the right path; I fearlessly walk on the pathway.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The best thing you can give a person is the courage and the desire to go beyond his culture, that little limited world of his!
Shannon L. Alder|Anyone can fail at something they really don’t want. What really takes courage is going after something you want and then failing. There is more fulfillment in life knowing that you tried, rather than settled without a fight.
Shannon L. Alder|It is not through fighting the opposition that will win you dignity. It is when you fight the fear in yourself that asks you why you don't feel you have it, regardless if you win or lose.
Bella Andre, Reckless In Love|So I ask you, can you walk a mile? Every day, rain or shine, pain or gain, because you know you have to just to stay alive, just to breathe. Can you walk that mile?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The confidence we have in God and in ourselves, gives us the courage to dare great things.
Asghar Abbas|He never went to war, yet he emerged from the smog and shadows victorious.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|When you are clear on your calling, you command the universe to bid to your voice
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In conquering life’ challenges, you become courageous.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every challenge you conquer, will make you courageous.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be bold in mind, in spirit and in faith.
Yasmine Sherif (The Case for Humanity: An Extraordinary Session)|The light within is a fire, whose flame does not burn, but brings warmth; and whose rays do not blind, but illuminate. Once kindled, it blazes a trail and lights our way.
Sue Bender, Plain and Simple: A Journey to the Amish|Perhaps each of us has a starved place, and each of us knows deep down what we need to fill that place. To find the courage to trust and honor the search, to follow the voice that tells us what we need to do, even when it doesn't seem to make sense, is a worthy pursuit.
Jill Badonsky|We must be willing to fall flat on our faces. Fearlessly putting ourselves out there is simply a required part of the process. At the very least, it results in the gift of humility and, at best, the triumph of our human spirit.
Nikki Rowe|If you can be anything, be real.
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|Good luck belongs to those who know how and are not afraid." John Hay to President Theodore Roosevelt
Don Roff|Keep being bold on the page, and in life, and people cannot ignore you forever.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You will have the grace of writing, when you boldly begin to write your first sentences.
Salman Mansuri|Courage is most powerful thing inside us, It won't let us run away from any problem.
Yasmine Sherif (The Case for Humanity: An Extraordinary Session)|We need people who dive deep, dream and dare do. We need people able to grasp the sublime and, therefore, that which is universally true for all. We need them to reclaim our humanity.
Walter Scott, Ivanhoe|…having once seen him put forth his strength in battle, methinks I could know him again among a thousand warriors. He rushes into the fray as if he were summoned to a banquet. There is more than mere strength--there seems as if the whole soul and spirit of the champion were given to every blow which he deals upon his enemies. God assoilzie him of the sin of bloodshed! It is fearful, yet magnificent, to behold how the arm and heart of one man can triumph over hundreds.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Consistency. Clarity. Courage. I like to stand for consistency, clarity and courage in my thoughts, words, and actions.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|You've to stand up for yourself. If you don't, no one else will.
Brian M. Boyce, Genesis Beginning|For when you look at the ceiling, or down at the floor, when the trouble's before you, you're begging for more.
Shannon L. Alder|Leave a legacy of love, not a legacy of fear.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Never adjust your goals, amplify your might.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|True strength. There is no conflict with vulnerability or humility. Indeed, vulnerability and humility are essential here, and ultimately what makes strength true. One does not don the mask of strength in response to fear, which is a con, like those crazy small reptiles that stand up on their hind legs and spread useless wings to intimidate as a last resort. You stand there in self-respect for Christ’s sake and take it with some courage, responding in accordance with your honest values, taking sincere responsibility for them. Stand up for who you truly are, not the image you would like to sell, nor shrink to fit into the false harmony around you.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Intent matters. Integrity matters. Courage matters. If you have the three, nothing else matters
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Cultivate confidence, and eradicate the need to control.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Begin to read, write, sing, dance, study, draw…!
Paula McLain, Circling the Sun|Flying demanded more courage and faith than I actually possessed, and it wanted my best, my whole self. I would have to work very hard to be any good at it at all, and be more than a little mad to be great, to give my life over to it. But that's just what I meant to do.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Freedom is the courage to resist anything, which obstructs your dream.
C. JoyBell C.|We should be sure that in our pursuit of happiness and positivity, we do not lose our ability to experience the other side of life, as well. Feelings of grief and respect for the departed, are honourable thoughts to have and honourable feelings to feel. In seeking happiness, we must not be so afraid of sorrow, that we lose the ability to cope with it properly. There is a healthy way to cope with both sorrow and joy; both need to be looked straight in the face, in the eyes.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In any situation, there is hope. Don’t give! Be strong!
Kemi Sogunle, Being Single: A State For The Fragile Heart. A guide to self-love, finding you and purpose.|For us to move forward, we have to develop the courage to forward what is behind...the hurt/pain and unpleasant memories that haunt us in the dark moments. We must hold on to our faith as we step out in boldness, strongly believing that our very best lies ahead.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Self-courage, Self-confidence, Self-will!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With self-courage, self-confidence and self-will, you will master the act.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Freedom is the decision to live and die, doing what you love.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be confident, be bold! These are your life greatest strength for success.
Auliq Ice|The leaderly response to personal irritation is to relax and open up not push, run, or close down.
Auliq Ice|Just because those around you do not constantly tell you what they are going through in their personal life, it does not mean they are living in a fairytale.
Auliq Ice|Everything meaningful encounters resistance, don't get scared of whatever comes your way, just go with the right strategy and plan, their you'll overcome it at last.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You ought to recognise your special talent, for your specific purpose.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have to find the might, to climb the mountain.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When God gives you a dream, He will grant you the grace to fulfil it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You are backed by great power. Press onwards, you will succeed.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Boldly and confidently, reach out to your dreams.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every challenge, I have faced, dares me to seek a higher power.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You ought to find all your might, to climb a higher height.
Patrick Ness|I think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, too, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare into the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do not complain, pray for courage to endure the situation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|How could we have improved ourselves, if we had not dared to read, learn and write?
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|I want people to know that I am a real person who exists in a real world. I am not a raped girl or victim. I had a life before that evening and I will continue to have a life. What happened with me that night will stay with me but if it has not killed me, it has made me stronger. ~ Subhangi Tyagi
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you know the golden treasures of adversity, you will bravely embrace it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Until I was left with nothing but life and books, I realised these two gracious gifts, where enough for me to exist.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With courage, confidence and commitment, the dream is possible.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whatever you dream of, be bold and pursue it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whatever your faith prompts you to do, begin now.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You can achieve the goal with courage, confidence and commitment.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great faith, Great hope, Great courage.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It is better to live life with great faith, hope and courage.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without an anchor, we can be drifted to any shore. May you find hope as anchor.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May you have the courage, confidence and commitment to achieve your goals.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You have to prepare physically, mentally, emotionally and spiritually to conquer any mountain.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|KEY OF LIFEThe key of lifeSymbolizes the mapOf existence.Once you free yourselfFrom all resistance,Your path will become white -For the remainder of the distance.Poetry by Suzy Kassem
Ken Poirot, Go Viral!: The Social Media Secret to Get Your Name Posted and Shared All Over the World!|The first lesson in constructing viral content is having the strength, courage, and self-confidence to get in touch with your own feelings, thinking about what profoundly affects you.
Manprit Kaur|Sometimes the worst brings out the best in you, Sometimes the lowest tide ushers in the biggest change, Sometimes the gravest wounds translate into deepest wisdom, Sometimes the nadir leads you to the zenith - All you need to do is - To Hold On
J.K. Rowling|I know that you are preparing to fight." There were screams amongst the students, some of whom clutched each other, looking around in terror for the source of the sound. "Your efforts are futile. You cannot fight me. I do not want to kill you. I have great respect for the teachers of Hogwarts. I do not want to spill magical blood."There was silence in the Hall now, the kind of silence that presses against the eardrums, that seems too huge to be contained by walls."Give me Harry Potter," said Voldemort's voice, "and they shall not be harmed.Give me Harry Potter and I shall leave the school untouched. Give me Harry Potter and you will be rewarded."You have until midnight."The silence swallowed them all again. Every head turned, every eye in the place seemed to have found Harry, to hold him forever in the glare of thousands of invisible beams. Then a figure rose from the Slytherin table and he recognized Pansy Parkinson as she raised a shaking arm and screamed, "But he's there! Potter's there. Someone grab him!"Before Harry could speak, there was a massive movement. The Gryffindors in front of him had risen and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. Then the Hufflepuffs stood, and almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with their backs to Harry, all of them looking toward Pansy instead, and Harry, awestruck and overwhelmed, saw wands emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from under sleeves."Thank you, Miss Parkinson." said Professor McGonagall in a clipped voice."You will leave the Hall first with Mr. Filch. If the rest of your House could follow.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Never lose faith, hope and courage.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You can conquer any mountain with faith, hope and courage.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Trust in God, gives us the hope to survive any situation.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Be bold! You will then see that life will find no time to attack you, because you are attacking it!
Darmie O-Lujon|In life you’ll face difficulties that postpone some of your dreams. Regardless, life goes fast by reminding us youth is finite and old age is stable. So you mustn’t stop dreaming and running while your strength is yet tough.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You must seek the divinity within with all your heart, soul and mind.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Passion, patient, perseverance and persistent are four keys to great achievements.
Manprit Kaur|Negative habits eat you up. They’re the biggest roadblocks that prevent you from realising your fullest potential; and the very first step towards crafting real change is to become aware of all the destructive habits that squander you! An awareness of what needs to be improved, tackled, or abandoned will go a long way in restructuring your life. Make a list of all the lousy habits that you want to eliminate; and then roust them out of your life, before they chomp you up completely. Axe them, uproot them, throw them into the ocean and never look back.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A task is only difficulty, when we not find the best strategy to get it done.
Shannon L. Alder|God isn't a place of fresh starts. He isn't a hideout. He is not a destination. He is not a clean break. He is not a cop out for indecision. He is not a straight line. He is a circle. He will take you back to whatever you ran from if he needs you to heal your scars and others. He is a God of justice and compassion. The greatest growth a soul can experience doesn't come from doing service to strangers that have no impact on your life. It comes from doing service to people that have hurt you or you have hurt them. To truly devote yourself to God is to travel down roads that are hard to revisit. However, he will keep taking you there, until you have healed yourself or others.
Shannon L. Alder|The most important gift you can give your children is the importance of standing up to injustice. Children will remember moments spent with you. However, it isn't togetherness that creates humane parents and righteous kids. It is the example of integrity that a parent sets and the on going lessons they teach about compassion toward others throughout their lives. A good father or mother teaches their children that cruelty is not something you cause or ignore, rather it is the moment you suit up for war.
Miya Yamanouchi|Even if we have ourselves so fully convinced that we are on the right track because we desperately want to believe that the specific direction we have chosen is the "correct one", if the universe disagrees with our choices, it will not be shy in telling us so.
Nikki Rowe|if you let tragedy change you, You have already lost.
Tony Curl|Choosing the right people to surround you, and letting go of the wrong ones, takes courage.Be courageous!
Auliq Ice|In order to stay happy, You must learn from your wins and fails and accept all things that come your way as they are.
Auliq Ice|I want you to believe in yourself, and take chances, even if it is scary and even if you don't know what you are doing yet.
Auliq Ice|Never undervalue who you are, and NEVER underestimate what you are capable of.
Auliq Ice|If you can endure, if you can persevere, if you can work and not grow weary, if you're both obsessed and talented, well, you might have a shot.
Tilicia Haridat|Everybody's got their opinion on who they think you are or how strong or how weak you are, but at the end of the day all that matters is who you know you are, don't ever forget that.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|Who hurt you, once, so far beyond repairthat you would meet each overturewith curling lip?While we, who knew you well, your friends, (the focus of your scorn)could see your courage in the face of fear,your wit, and thoughtfulness, 	and will remember you with something close to love.
Farah Oomerbhoy, The Last of the Firedrakes|Everything happens for a reason, and nothing is an accident. It is all part of a much larger divine plan,” Duke Silverthorne said gravely, but in a surprisingly kind voice. “When difficulties come, we must see them as what they are—opportunities and a new path to discover your potential. How will you ever know the magnitude of courage you are capable of if you have never experienced the hopelessness of fear?
Farah Oomerbhoy, The Last of the Firedrakes|I had to stop running. I had to turn and face my life head on. It wasn’t enough being like everybody else; I had to be the best, and I was going to show everyone what I was truly made of. I was done with being a terrified princess, constantly waiting to be saved. I was going to be a queen, and, like Vivienne said, I had better start behaving like one. - (Aurora Firedrake)
Nikki Rowe|My name is CRPS, or so they say But I actually go by; a few different names. I was once called causalgia, nearly 150 years ago And then I had a new name It was RSD, apparently so. I went by that name because the burn lived inside of me.Now I am called CRPS, because I have so much to say I struggle to be free. I don't have one symptom and this is where I change, I attack the home of where I live; with shooting/burning pains. Depression fills the mind of the body I belong, it starts to speak harsh to self, negativity growing strong.Then I start to annoy them; with the issues with sensitivity, You'd think the pain enough; but no, it wants to make you aware of its trembling disability. I silently make my move; but the screams are loud and clear, Because I enter your physical reality and you can't disappear. I confuse your thoughts; I contain apart of your memory, I cover your perspective, the fog makes it sometimes unbearable to see. I play with your temperature levels, I make you nervous all the time - I take away your independance and take away your pride.I stay with you by the day & I remind you by the night, I am an awful journey and you will struggle with this fight. Then there's a side to me; not many understand, I have the ability to heal and you can be my friend. Help yourself find the strength to fight me with all you have, because eventually I'll get tired of making you grow mad. It will take some time; remember I mainly live inside your brain,Curing me is hard work but I promise you, You can beat me if you feed love to my pain. Find the strength to carry on and feed the fears with light; hold on to the seat because, like I said, it's going to be a fight. But I hope to meet you, when your healthy and healed, & you will silenty say to me - I did this, I am cured is this real? That day could possibly come; closer than I want- After all I am a disease and im fighting for my spot. I won't deny from my medical angle, I am close to losing the " incurable " battle.
Ed Tarkington|But only a few have the will -- be it born of courage or recklessness, folly or sublime wisdom -- to act and, by their action, transform themselves. They will pay for their courage, of course; the world does not treat its "others" lightly. But so will the rest of us -- the ones who love them -- haunted as we are by our envy of their bright, burning beauty, which we can bear neither to look at nor to turn away from.
Christopher Paolini|Finding one’s place in the world is never easy.Have courage and be true to who you are.Remember, those who dare to be different areOften the ones who change the world.
Tove Jansson, Comet in Moominland|Are you too frightened to go any farther?" asked the silk-monkey, who found all this very easy, having four legs herself."I'm never afraid," answered Sniff. "But I think the view is better from here.
Auliq Ice|Never think twice, when you have decided once.
Sameh Elsayed|True leadership can only be achieved when one looks within oneself and commits to authenticity. It gives us the courage to stand at the front and influence others to willingly follow; it gives us the courage to learn, inspire, demand the best and shape the future.
|When one achieves massive success, unenlightened minds say, "It's all about luck." But if you were to ask me, I would say, "It is the mighty reward of faith, confidence, courage, patience, relentlessness and resiliency.
Mark S. Putnam|Standing up for your ethical principles takes courage. Courage is the ability to face danger, difficulty, uncertainty, or pain without being overcome by fear. When you see something happening in the workplace that just doesn’t seem right do you have the courage to stand-up and do something? What are you afraid of? Retribution, disapproval, your image, damaged relationships, or simply the unknown? Courage is about setting aside your fear and taking action for the good of yourself or someone else...approaching the person with whom you have a problem. This is NOT easy. Most of us don’t naturally confront people. To most of us, the courage to actually go up and talk face-to-face takes a superhuman Kristopher Kime level of courage. Your voice trembles, stomach hurts, beads of sweat roll down your face. It certainly FEELS like a life or death struggle. But remember, courage is about facing difficulty without being overcome by fear.
|As long as you invite faith, courage, and perseverance to become your daily companions, every test would inevitably mature into a testimony in your life.
Tony Curl|Calling it as you see it, should include yourself as well.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you dare, you will find strength to fulfil the dream.
Auliq Ice|Even if someone is already dead in front of you, knock twice on the heart who knows they might answer.
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|Then -- they saw the Groke. Everybody saw her. She sat motionless on the sandy path at the bottom of the steps and stared at them with round, expressionless eyes.She was not particularly big and didn't look dangerous either, but your let that she was terribly evil and would wait for ever. And that was awful.Nobody plucked up enough courage to attack. She sat there for a while, and then slid away into the darkness. But where she had been sitting the ground was frozen!
Anuranjita Kumar, Can I have it all?|There's no magic potion to remove you from a tough situation than your own self conviction and no poison as dangerous as self doubt. In no one has done it so far, you could be the one showing the way!
Anuranjita Kumar, Can I have it all?|If you don't speak then you are not heard, and if you are not heard then you don't really exist
Tove Jansson, Comet in Moominland|Not one adventure in a whole day," said Sniff, who was taking his turn at steering now the current was slower. "Just grey banks and grey banks, and not even an adventure.""I think it's very adventurous to float down a winding river," said Moomintroll. "You never know what you'll meet round the next corner. You always want adventures, Sniff, and when they come you're so frightened you don't know what to do.""Well, I'm not a lion," said Sniff reproachfully. "I like small adventures. Just the right size.
Jonathan Harnisch, Jonathan Harnisch: An Alibiography|How simple it is to acknowledge that all the worry in the world could not control the future. How simple it is to see that we can only be happy now, and that there will never be a time when it is not now.
Wendy Mills, Positively Beautiful|Courage is not always big and bright and loud; sometimes it's as silent and small as true words, a smile when you'd rather weep, or getting up every day and living with quiet dignity while all around you life rages. You cannot truly love, live or exist without courage. Without it you are simply biding time until you die.
Emilyann Girdner, The Labyrinth Wall|Delusional or not, maybe if I believe in a better world with enough conviction, and convince others to believe it as well, then it will be real.
Pericles, The Funeral Oration of Pericles|Make up your minds that happiness depends on being free, and freedom depends on being courageous.
Paul Bamikole|One must be careful not to allow himself fall into the trap of hero worship; we are to take counsel from men, emulate their courage, and godliness, but we are not allowed to worship them. Heroes are men, and men make mistakes.
Michelle Muriel|You are stronger than you think. I have weathered many storms, tragedies, and heartaches in my life–and here I am still standing. Here you are still standing. Joy is right around the corner you just have to change your focus and look for it. And that can be rough. Rough roads can be unbearable, but you can walk them. Sometimes when you come to the end of yourself–give yourself a chance to dig in deeper. Look for the good, and you’ll find strength you never knew you had.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I thought I knew not only her habits but also her limits. This display of ferocity, of savage courage, made me realize that I was wrong. All my life I had known only a part of her.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Self-discipline, self-realization and self-reliance.
|When life throws trials and tribulations towards you, shield your destiny with courage, faith and perseverance.
Sunjeev Sahota|It was amazing to think that she'd always had it wrong, imagining that they were the weak ones, the ones who took their chance. No. The weakest are those who stay put and call it sacrifice, call it not having a choice.
Auliq Ice|Some of you may not like what I had to say, but these are the things that I’ve noticed and believe should be said.
Auliq Ice|They may not like what you have to say, but it is better to express how you feel.
Robert Leckie|Our muddy machine gun pits were transformed into Courage Clubs when bombs fell or Japanese warships pounded us from the sea. There was protocol to be observed, too, and it was natural that the poor fellow who might break into momentary terror should cause pained silence and embarrassed coughs. Everyone looked the other way, like millionaires confronted by the horrifying sight of a club member borrowing five dollars from the waiter.
Dorothy Gilman|Brainwashing, thought Mrs. Pollifax contemptuously, and suddenly realized that she was not afraid. She had endured other crises without losing her dignity--births, widowhood, illnesses--and she was experienced enough to know now that everything worthwhile took time and loneliness, perhaps even one's death as well.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The less courage you have, the more dwarf you shall be; the more courage you have, the more giant you shall be!
Debasish Mridha|Life is a fairytale of courage, fear, failure, persistence and triumph.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Doing nothing was as honourable as any available course of action. Think of Hamlet, think of Job, think of Jesus before Pilate.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|If you must catch, you must not fear what is being thrown.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Can a man still be brave if he’s afraid?”“That is the only time a man can be brave,
Thomas Mann, Doctor Faustus|To be young means to be original, to have remained nearer to the sources of life: it means to be able to stand up and shake off the fetters of an outlived civilization, to dare -- where others lack the courage-- to plunge again into the elemental.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|I do not subscribe to the abuse "victim" or "survivor" labelling mentality. I have experienced every kind of abuse imaginable and I am and always have been the most happy-go-lucky, positive and life affirming person around. Your labels do not serve you, so don't use them as an excuse to be miserable. You have a beautiful life to live, so accept the beauty and start living.
Angela Lynne Craig, Pivot Leadership: Small Steps...Big Change|When you see an obstacle approaching, grab your courage and speed up.
Giles Milton, Nathaniel's Nutmeg: How One Man's Courage Changed the Course of History|He penned a letter to the Company in London, a letter whose unfailing spirit would become legendary among the sailors of the East India Company. 'I cannot tell where you should looke for me.' he wrote, 'because I live at the devotion of the winds and seas.'  (Written by/about Captain James Lancaster, on the ship Red Dragon, during a terrible storm, 1603)
Eva Ibbotson|For whether a place is a heaven or a hell rests in yourself, and those who go with courage may find themselves in paradise.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|It is the possibility of the dream, which quickens my spirit to take action.
Kaylea Cross, Avenged|What is…” She flipped through a few pages, looked up into his eyes. “Is this…?” “My journal,” he said, reaching out to glide a knuckle down her cheek. Her skin was so damn soft. She was a contradiction in terms to him, and one that he found endlessly fascinating: a woman with the inner strength to rival any Spec Ops member he’d ever known, yet she had such a kind, soft heart beneath that hard-won armor. Resilient. Independent yet willing to compromise. Formidable in her confidence and strength of will, yet gentle and loving. He loved her so hard it hurt. “I bought it the night after you stayed at my place,” he continued. “I knew if I was going to have a real shot with you going forward then I needed to get my shit together once and for all. You said the writing thing really helped you so I called my counselor and talked to her about it. She thought it would be good for me too. So I wrote in it every day since. I’ve been working hard at it.” Taya leafed through the pages until she came to the end and looked back up into his eyes. “It’s full.” “Yeah. Guess I had a lot to say.” The tenderness in her eyes slayed him. “Nathan, I’m so proud of you.” Her pride in him made him feel twenty feet tall. He let out a relieved breath. “I want to read it to you. That’s my next step, if you’re okay with it.” “Of course it’s okay. I’d love for you to read it to me, as long as you feel comfortable doing it.” “That’s the thing, I am. And I wouldn’t be with anyone else except you. You make me feel…whole.” He didn’t know how else to say it, how else to explain himself, except he needed her to know he was trying like hell to deal with his issues. “I know I’ve got a long way to go before I get to the same place you’re at, but I’m willing to put in the work to get there. I feel safe with you and I’m ready to move forward, let go of all the stuff that happened before. Like you said, I’m doing it for me. I’m sick of my past having any kind of hold over me. So I’m going to do whatever it takes to make peace with it.” Her answering smile lit up her whole face, made her gray eyes sparkle like gems. “Then I’ll gladly listen to whatever you want to say.” Warmth kindled in his chest. She did that; warmed him from the inside out, just by being her. “Good, because I love you.” She froze, her eyes widening slightly. He nodded, laughed at her shocked expression. “Yep, I love you. That’s what I came here to say. I love you and I’m a better man because of it, but not as good a man as I’ll be down the road if you stand by me.” Her eyes filled with tears and she flung her arms around him. “I love you too,” she blurted out against his neck. “So, so much. And of course I’ll stand by you.” Nate felt like his heart might burst. He hugged her hard. “Would you move to Virginia with me? When your dad’s strong enough. I know you need to be here for a while longer, but after that, I want you in my bed every night so I can wake up beside you each morning.” She gave a soggy laugh, her face still buried in his neck. “There you go again with the romance.” “Oh, baby, have I got plans for you.” He stroked a hand over her back, fascinated by the combination of softness and strength that was uniquely her. Then his stomach rumbled, making her smile. He was starving, hadn’t eaten since lunchtime. “Hey, you wouldn’t happen to have any bacon in the house, would you? Because I’d kill for a BLT right now.
Craig Siegel, Righteous Might: One Man's Journey Through War in the Pacific|And there was something else that came through loud and clear. Something I saw in Leonard’s eyes sometimes when he was remembering those times. Whether they openly share their experiences with us, or keep them buried deep inside, these men all have a profound and overriding sense of pride that they accepted the challenge and they did the difficult and dirty job that absolutely had to be done.
Justine Hail, The Secret Story of Shy Shelly|It's scary to make friends, it's scarier to stand up for a friend, but it's scariest to not be a friend for fear will be your only company.
Vironika Tugaleva|They say, "Look before you leap." So look. But do not look for too long. Do not look into the void of uncertainty trying to predict each and every possible outcome, to evaluate every possible mistake, to prevent each possible failure. Look for the opportunity to leap, and leap faster than your fear can grab you. Leap before you talk yourself out of it, before you convince yourself to set up a temporary camp that turns into a permanent delay on your journey into your own heart.
Shannon L. Alder|Letting go of people doesn’t mean you never loved them. Sometimes, it is the greatest act of love because it teaches them to be accountable for how they treat people who care. Maybe, not now, but years from now, they will look back and realize that kindness is more than yelling casual suggestions to a person that is drowning in their sea of apathy.
T.A. Cline|Rise up oh heart, for there is another battle to win.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I am a strong woman, I can endure it all.
Debasish Mridha|You are a leader when your actions encourage someone to reveal himself with hope, courage, confidence and trust.
Luther Standing Bear, My Indian Boyhood|Now all these virtues mean one thing, and that is bravery. A Sioux boy was taught to be brave always. It was not sufficient to be brave enough to go to war. He must be brave enough to make personal sacrifices and to think little of personal gain. To be brave was the supreme test of a Sioux boy, and this bravery might receive a greater test in times of peace than in times of war.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Our experiences always teach us something. If the experience is "bad", then the lesson is even more powerful and meaningful. Every unfortunate incident makes us stronger and better equipped to handle new challenges.
Karen Kimsey-House, Co-Active Leadership: Five Ways to Lead|When someone is walking beside us, we have more courage to walk into the unknown and to risk the dark and messy places in our journey.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Instead of complaining about your situation, actually do something about it. Playing "poor me" just ain't sexy.
Jonathan Renshaw, Dawn of Wonder|I would rather be the person who steps in front of a whole gang to defend someone and gets beaten up for it than the person who watches from a safe hiding. There were times I hid, and I think the shame hurts more than the bruises would have.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|... the most reliable and useful courage was that which arises from the fair estimation of the encountered peril,
T.A. Cline, Archomai|If I rise up again against the foe, dare I stand alone?
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|There is no future in the past. Any tour into the past is perhaps courage to live at the average level as you did; old and cold, blind and blunt! Come out! Out of the past and change position. You matter, your future matters
Michelle Athy, Pearl: An Historical Novella|Nothing belonged to her. She had no home. With no home and no place and now freedom coming to her, she felt an unusual surge of courage.
Miya Yamanouchi|Whenever you hear yourself or others telling you you cannot do something, do that particular something, and notice how quickly everyone shuts the hell up.
Miya Yamanouchi|Prove yourself and others wrong everyday by redefining who you THINK you are, through performing actions you would normally deem impossible or uncharacteristic of you.
John C. Wright|Penny was a very pretty, witty and brave girl, as bold as a Marine platoon storming Iwo Jima.
Sonja Yoerg, The Middle of Somewhere|Courage lays within easy reach of a child who knows nothing of how easily understanding can unravel, leaving a set of rules that apply to nothing, and an empty heart.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|The tears and the pain all but blinding her, she forced open her eyes one more time, to a curtain of dark hair; to a waterfall of black ink spilling across the last page of her life. No. I’m not nothing. I was loved.
Shannon L. Alder|Family and friends become oppressors the moment they teach you that loyalty is more important than what is done to people outside your social circle. What they are really saying is this: Save yourself because God is more interested in an intact family or social circle that looks righteous, rather than you being a person of integrity that has compassion for others. It is this absurdity that teaches the wrong version of God and creates the next generation of "me" centered individuals.
Millen Livis|Courage uncovers strength, grace reveals beauty, vulnerability expresses humility, inner peace reflects contentment
Dennis Merritt Jones|We were born to be free, to expand our horizons by going where we have never gone before, and not to hang out in the relative comfort and safety of the nest, the known. There is a place within us that is courageous beyond our human understanding; it yearns to explore beyond the boundaries of our daily life.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Remember, there are cookies waiting here for you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May you find renewed energy, courage and hope to pursue new adventures.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Acknowledge your fear, odd one. Fearlessness is for the insane and the arrogant. You are neither. Those who rely on you for their lives will be well served only if you fear what you should fear. You are a unique soul, a child of grace, but you can still fail yourself and others.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|There’s merit in being different, inspiration in being individual, courage in being unique, and freedom in being yourself.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|If an eighty-six-year-old woman has been clear-seeing from a young age, she will have gone through a lot of life developing a keen eye for snares and pitfalls, an ear for deceit, and a good nose for knavery. And by such an age, a smart woman with no illusions is one to whom courage comes far more readily than it does to those young people who don't yet know the world for what it is.
Amish Tripathi, Scion of Ikshvaku|The Naga laughed softly, 'There's a thin line that separates courage from stupidity.''And that line is only visible in retrospect, my friend. If I'm successful, people will call me brave. If I fail, I will be called foolish. Let ,me do what I think is right. I'll leave the verdict to the future.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Blood has an oder faint but distinct, of conceit and modesty, of courage and cowardice, of charity and greed, of faith and doubt, in short the fragrance of what we might have been and the smell of what we are...
Dennis Merritt Jones, Your Redefining Moments: Becoming Who You Were Born to Be|If we were to excavate the deepest recesses of our consciousness, we would discover many beliefs about ourselves that are simply not true and that may never have been true. Yet we live from these beliefs as if they were true because we have never identified them clearly enough to question them, to challenge them.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|People might consider you eccentric for being different, but this is good. Leaders and visionaries are not conformists afraid of standing out.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Daring life, optimistic living.
Dennis Merritt Jones, Your Redefining Moments: Becoming Who You Were Born to Be|If we were to excavate the deepest recesses of our consciousness, we would discover many beliefs about ourselves that are simply not true and that may never have been true...We may have defined ourselves in a limiting way based on our history and the opinion of others...and we stay stuck there because we fail to recognize there is a door right in front of us providing another opportunity to redefine who we are today.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Do all the work you can, there is enough rest in the grave.
Auliq Ice|The way to fight fear is to do what you are afraid of. And the way to fight pain is to live with it, with an open heart.
Anthon St. Maarten|Empaths did not come into this world to be victims, we came to be warriors. Be brave. Stay strong. We need all hands on deck.
Shannon L. Alder|It takes a hell of a lot of courage to walk into your own story, but to be the hero of your own life you have to rescue yourself.
Adi Alsaid, Never Always Sometimes|As long as we don't get turned into something that looks more like high school, more like everybody else and less like us, I'll be okay.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When the expected occurred, never panic, by keep calming, you gain control over the situation.
Criss Jami, Healology|Growing up, I always had a soldier mentality. As a kid I wanted to be a soldier, a fighter pilot, a covert agent, professions that require a great deal of bravery and risk and putting oneself in grave danger in order to complete the mission. Even though I did not become all those things, and unless my predisposition, in its youngest years, already had me leaning towards them, the interest that was there still shaped my philosophies. To this day I honor risk and sacrifice for the good of others - my views on life and love are heavily influenced by this.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The will to dare, the power to act.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|When you notice yourself desperately trying to think of an excuse to avoid a new experience out of FEAR, ANXIETY or INSECURITY, make the decision to say: "sure, I'll do it" , and see how your life improves.
Gladys Bejani|If you fall, rise up, shake off the dust and try again.
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|There are many paths to the truth. We need only the courage to tread our own path, no one else's.
Aristotle|The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances."— Aristotle
Catherine of Siena|Turn over the rudder in God's name, and sail with the wind heaven sends us.
Swami Dhyan Giten|The Art of Living is to be yourself. It is to be true to yourself. The Art of Living is learning to live with love, awareness and truth. Meditation is the way to learn The Art of Living. Being is you. To discover your being is the beginning of life.You can live in two ways:1. Ego - effort and desire and 2.Being - no-effort, being in a let go with existence. Religion is The Art of Living.Five keys to The Art of Living: 1. Be life-affirmative. Life is synonymous with God.Live with reverence, great respect and gratitude for life. Feel thankful and prayerful. 2. Make life an heartful, aesthetic experience.Become more sensitive, sensuous and creative - and you will become more spiritual.3.Experience life in all possible ways.Experience all dualities and polarities of life: good/bad, bitter/sweet, summer/winter, happiness/sadness and life/death.Do not be afraid of experience, because the more experiences you have, the more spiritually mature you become. 4. Live in the present.Forget the past and the future - this moment is the only reality.This moment has to become your whole love, life and death.5.Live courageously.Do not become too result-oriented, because result-oriented people miss life. Do not think of goals, because goals are in the future - and life is in the moment, in the here and now.
Debasish Mridha|Stress is a thought, a perception of fear, it will melt away if welet our thoughts change with courage.
Seneca, Seneca: Das große Buch vom glücklichen Leben - Gesammelte Werke|There is nothing in the world so much admired as a man who knows how to bear unhappiness with courage."— Seneca
Fatema Mernissi|When you are in trouble, you need to put all your energies into thinking that there is a way out. Then, the bottom, the dark hole, becomes just a springboard from which you can leap so high that your head might hit a cloud.
V.C. Andrews, Pearl in the Mist|Sometimes doing the right thing does take more courage, but the feeling it gives you deep inside makes it worth it.
Gary   Hopkins|I have met many Masters and most have an abundance of flaws and social failings. However, the one thing that separates them from the rest of us is their fearless ability to walk their own path regardless of the opinions of others.
Gary Rohrmayer, Next Steps For Leading a Missional Church|Missional leaders not only feel the burden of God's mission but they also act on the burden and act upon it sacrificially. Leading a missional church is not for the faint of heart. It takes courage to push yourself beyond your comfort zone and to lead the church beyond it personal limits. Brokenness, inner turmoil and sacrifice will always be part of the missional leader's life.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Lack of courage is what makes big dreams to sit in the ink of the paper instead of them running in the shoes of actions. Without courage, you remain a dreamer!
|A life without integrity, faith, courage and a positive purpose, is an unnecessary gamble with no positive possibility.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|God gave us the access, but we need to exercise courage to have it. No one lacks the access, but it’s only few that have the courage to grab it!
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|i had to test your courage,” the stranger said.“courage is the quality most essential to understand the Language of the World.”..“you must not let up, even after having come so far,” he continued. “you must love the desert, but never trust it completely. because the desert tests all men: it challenges every step, and kills those who become distracted.
G.A. Henty|Our long wanderings have made a man out of him, too. They have not only strengthened his frame and hardened his constitution, but they have given stability to his character. He is thoughtful and prudent, and his advice will always be valuable, while of his courage I have no doubt.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Be thankful to those who refuse to help you, for they force you to summon upon your warrior within.
Shannon L. Alder|Settling is not a destination, rather a vacation rental staring at an endless sea that dares you to cross its waves.
Nikki Rowe|I stopped remembering the past and started visualising my future, the only thing left I could hold onto was hope; that the courage I have found along the way, is what will see me through.
Michael Oher, I Beat the Odds: From Homelessness, to The Blind Side, and Beyond|Courage is a hard thing to figure. You can have courage based on a dumb idea or mistake, but you're not supposed to question adults, or your coach or your teacher, because they make the rules. Maybe they know best, but maybe they don't. It all depends on who you are, where you come from. Didn't at least one of the six hundred guys think about giving up, and joining with the other side? I mean, valley of death that's pretty salty stuff. That's why courage it's tricky. Should you always do what others tell you to do? Sometimes you might not even know why you're doing something. I mean any fool can have courage. But honor, that's the real reason for you either do something or you don't. It's who you are and maybe who you want to be. If you die trying for something important, then you have both honor and courage, and that's pretty good. I think that's what the writer was saying, that you should hope for courage and try for honor. And maybe even pray that the people telling you what to do have some, too.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|When fear no longer takes hold, the possibilities are endless.
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|It takes great courage to accept the constant changes of the emotions within ourselves, and even more audacity to express them whenever they occur and without filter or delay.
|Always protect your heart with unconditional self-love, faith and courage.
J.R.R. Tolkien|I wish Merry was here," he heard himself saying, and quick thoughts raced through his mind, even as he watched the enemy come charging to the assault. "Well, well, now at any rate I understand poor Denethor a little better. We might die together, Merry and I, and since die we must, why not? Well, as he is not here, I hope he'll find an easier end. But now I must do my best.
Nityananda Das|To share our independence, to me, is synonym with “maturity”. Maturity means the combination of courage—to do something—and consideration—to stop doing that when it’s required. Kind of like the gas and brake in a vehicle.“To depend on Love isn’t the same as to depend on a single person to feel that connection towards Love. The more Love that flows through any given relationship, the more love that can flow towards other relationships, in contrast, a lack of Love in a relationship calls us to look out for anything else that could make us feel connected, feel accepted.“Most people aren’t ready for the kind of commitment and dedication required to ‘merge’ in someone else while retaining their individuality, and after a very short time, they feel suffocated and abandon such relationship.“In order to identify when we are receiving this energy from a particular—limited—individual, or when it is coming from Source, the Love that flows from Source is unlimited and increases constantly, whilst the other one needs constant recharge to continue to function. It’s as clear as the difference between sunlight and a torchlight.
Molly Evangeline, Courage|I don't feel as strong today as I do on other days, but I know Your strength will prevail in my weakness. The enemy is always trying to fill me with fear and doubt and make me abandon this mission. Help me ignore the lies and have courage to go on each day
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Life is filled with opportunities. Be courageous and fulfill your destiny. You were created for a purpose and once you realize your potential, you become unstoppable. Let no one get in the way of you pursuing your dreams.
|In you lies the courage and perseverance to endure and conquer any battle. But the question is, are your frequent thoughts cheering for your victory or constantly focusing on your weaknesses?
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|The courageous attitudes of leaders ramble around coward followers and sooner or later, they become courageous too!
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|A new day is a new beginning,a new life to live!
Shannon L. Alder|If you want to be happy you have to study people who are happy. You have to hang out with people that are happy. Life won't go in the direction you want, by simply trying to stay positive in a life you're not happy with. You have to know what you want and why you truly want it so badly. When you figure that out then you need to change your current identity, in order to fit the type of person you envision would make those dreams come true. Happiness is not reliant on the actions or inactions of other people. It is your “courage in motion” toward your dreams.
Shannon L. Alder|God doesn't hand you an easy life because you will grow in it. He hands you a dream with hurdles, obstacles, setbacks, battles and challenges because he knows the real you is at the finishing line.
Shannon L. Alder|When you really want something, you will give up a million times, but your heart keeps taking you back to the starting line.
Kelton Wright, Anonymous Asked: Life Lessons from the Internet's Big Sister|They say the young are fearless, but I would rather be brave. To dive into something with no regard for the consequences is not insignificant, but to predict, recognize, and prepare for all possible consequences and still charge on is something to marvel at, something to aspire to.
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London|Remember that the bad days are not forever, and the trouble which seems so terrible at last.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|Life had been hard on this girl, Jacob, but she had enough courage for an army.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana|Grounding is taking a conscious effort to retract oneself from the world’s distractions, and then focusing on listening to isolate the voice of God within from the voice of the ego. The voice of God within is where all the answers lie.
Beth Lyon Barnett, Jazz Town|I can't find who wrote this (it was't me)but I think it is great. Before I was your mother, I was a girl.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|War didn't scare me. I just didn't want to go all the way-hell over there to fight one. I had a reputation after that--I pretended I shot myself by accident, but everyone knew. I never did lose that reputation, but now most everyone is dead, and y'all ain't got any stories from them, so you have to believe mine by default: They were cowards, too. Everyone is.
|There is absolutely no difference between a dreamer and a non-dreamer, if the dreamer's dream is not accompanied with faith, courage, perseverance, patience, and consistent actions. Every dream needs some consistent actions in order to give birth to success.
Holly Elissa Bruno, The Comfort of Little Things: An Educator's Guide to Second Chances|Sure, life as we know it is enough. But life as we don’t know it? That’s where the magic awaits. That’s where second chances abound.
Tommy McMahon, Hero of the Day|She stood on the edge of tomorrow, a one person vanguard that believe. The city would soon follow her lead.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|until we courageously find a cheaper antidote to our ignorance, we shall always pay a higher price for our ignorance courageously.
|This is definitely the wrong time to allow fear and doubts to hold you back. Push yourself far away from your fearful past and into a blissful and prosperous future. God is your guide, protection wisdom, courage and strength. You were born to experience greatness.
Alex & Brett Harris|True courage is not the absence of fear; it is refusing to let fear control your actions. ~ from the book "Do Hard Things
|A life of success demands that you never starve your dreams from the actions, courage, and faith that they consistently need.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|Until one comes who is mightier,The one sprung from misery,The one who was weak,The one who was hunted,The one marked with claw and vine,The one named in secret,The one called Jezelia.
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|Even though love covers all things, fear is what keeps us silent and keeps words unsaid. Fear keeps us standing in one place. Eventually, when it wins, it means we never got the courage to say what we needed to say.
Nikki Rowe|I don't think anyone could really know her, just as the peak of her struggle blooms, she again appearered to have held it all together when the whole world; would have thought, she'd fall Apart.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|Stormy Llewellyn, a woman of unconventional views, believes instead that our passage through this world is intended to toughen us for the next life. She says that our honesty, integrity, courage, and determined resistance to evil are evaluated at the end of our days here, and that if we come up to muster, we will be conscripted into an army of souls engaged in some great mission in the next world. Those who fail the test simply cease to exist.
Maya Angelou|There is nothing quite so tragic as a young cynic, because it means the person has gone from knowing nothing to believing nothing.
Ash Parsons|Scars prove that you're still here. That you can move on. Maybe missing a chunk of yourself, but here, goddamn it, surviving.
Nikki Rowe|Your young, sitting back thinking about your future, you feel heavily in your heart your desire to create your dream; no matter the tasks set before you. You hold that feeling; close to you, and you age. Your told to grow up, get a job and become successful in ways that will make someone else proud, whilst ignoring the ache inside yourself. Truth is, we're all raised to conform; damn it our parents were raised to conform, but does that mean you have to, too? No, than unravel that long lost dream inside yourself and start to create a life from it, you'll walk alone for a while, you will break down every comfort zone you've ever known; slowly transforming into a being without one, and you know what..? even if it's going to be hard, possibly some of the greatest hurdles of your time; one thing will feel certain- you'll never have felt so empowered in all your life.
Shannon L. Alder|Don't look for the ninety percent of the darkness in a person's soul. Look for the ten percent of light they have left, then lend them yours because light was meant to be shared.
|When positive attitudes meet with faith, courage, consistency and perseverance, miracles tend to happen.
Jody Hedlund, An Uncertain Choice|Remember, we show courage in many ways.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Real loved one's aren't afraid, and will suggest to you, what's in your best interest because they wouldn't want too see you suffer the consequences of, sideways, emotional impulse(s). To see you crash and burn, time after time, is the gratification of 'yes folk' lurking in your corner. You may not agree, but always consider the voice(s) that have consistently kept it real.
John    Manning, The Disciplined Leader: Keeping the Focus on What Really Matters|Courage is a requirement for facing your fears, doing things differently, and applying any new habits that align with and support your goals.
|Before every great reward, comes the footprints of persistency, consistency, perseverance, courage, faith and patience.
Stephanie Lahart|I have, and always will, respect people that keep it real no matter what. Most people say “Just keep it real with me,” but the fact of the matter is this: Most people can’t handle the truth, don’t want to accept the truth, deny the truth, or simply aren’t willing to face THEIR truth. The next time that you tell somebody to be honest with you, make sure that you mean what you say. Have the courage to pay more attention, listen, and observe. But have greater courage to acknowledge “what is” and face YOUR truth with boldness. The truth is better than a lie any day. Be fearless!
|Happiness is what happens when you build the level of awareness and courage to continuously identify, challenge, and replace your negative thoughts and beliefs.
Ann Brasco|The alternative to pain may be worse. When you live with an open heart, you will inevitably get hurt. The alternative of living a life closed off from experience, however, is barren. Ironically, it also still involves suffering. In fearing pain, we already feel the pain from our fear.
Vironika Tugaleva|Courage is your natural setting. You do not need to become courageous, but rather peel back the layers of self-protective, limiting beliefs that keep you small.
|Keep pushing with faith, hope and courage, for there is a very valuable prize waiting for you at the end of your struggle.
|Your true destiny is desperately waiting on you to start thinking, acting, and walking with faith and courage.
Vironika Tugaleva|At the end of the day, we all crawl, exhausted, to some doorstep. Some crawl to the doorstep of their new home, the one they have sought for miles without giving up their goal, exhausted by their determination. And others crawl to the doorstep of their prison, the one they have sought to escape, but gave up, exhausted by their determination. And we all enter our new home with a sigh of relief and put our feet up. Some rejoice. Others grow bitter. And yet, we are tired just the same.
|You weren't born to live a life of failure. God brought you into this world to fight with faith and courage until each and every one of your battles is won. So by all means, always keep your mind strong, head up, and keep on fighting.
Haile Selassie I|We must become bigger than we have been: more courageous, greater in spirit, larger in outlook. We must become members of a new race, overcoming petty prejudice, owing our ultimate allegiance not to nations but to our fellow men within the human community.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity, A 50-Day Devotional|When life gets hectic and you feel overwhelmed, take a moment to focus on the people and things you are most grateful for. When you have an attitude of gratitude, frustrating troubles will fall by the wayside.
Vishwas Chavan|Courage cannot be gifted to you, but it is a choice you make.
Simon R. Green, Ghost of a Chance|They thought he was scared all the time because he was a coward. The truth was, only he could see the world clearly enough to know how truly scary it was.
Linda Ellerbee|I think laughter may be a form of courage. As humans we sometimes stand tall and look into the sun and laugh, and I think we are never more brave than when we do that.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity, A 50-Day Devotional|The Lord doesn't always make our paths smooth sailing, but He does make it possible to rise above adversity.
Edmund Vance Cooke|How Did You Die?Did you tackle that trouble that came your wayWith a resolute heart and cheerful?Or hide your face from the light of dayWith a craven soul and fearful?Oh, a trouble's a ton, or a trouble's an ounce,Or a trouble is what you make it.And it isn't the fact that you're hurt that counts,But only how did you take it?You are beaten to earth? Well, well what's that?Come up with a smiling face.It's nothing against you to fall down flat,But to lie there - that's disgrace.The harder you're thrown, why the higher you bounce;Be proud of your blackened eye!It isn't the fact that you're licked that counts;It's how did you fight and why?And though you be done to death, what then?If you battled the best you could;If you played your part in the world of men,Why the critic will call it good.Death comes with a crawl, or comes with a pounce,And whether he's slow or spry,It isn't the fact that you're dead that counts,But only, how did you die?
David Anthony Durham, Acacia: The War with the Mein|When she spread her wings and leaped screeching into the air she had not the slightest doubt that every hand below her would stretch to catch her. And if one could leap from a height with no fear of falling, could one not be said to possess the secret of flight? Just like a bird, just like a god.
Robert Cummings Neville|Mary remained weeping for her friend Jesus who had been all the world to her, and whose death ad meant the loss of that world. With great courage to be alone, and great courage to love despite devastating loss, she struggled to carry on, hoping to find and rebury Jesus' missing body. Suddenly Jesus stood before her alive again, calling her name. She turned, reaching, and said "Rabbouni!" "Noli me tangere," he replied- "don't touch me." If the courage to be alone requires also the courage to love, the courage to love still does not overcome loneliness.
