Willowy Whisper, This Hostile Land|Reese sucked in a breath and played faster, hurling the anger through his fingers until it spun all hisfear, all his rage, into the gentle voice of music.
Richard Belzer|Do you know what happens when you play a country song backwards? You get your wife back, your dog back and your job back.
Lars Saabye Christensen, Beatles|... and it occured to me then and forever afterwards, that films, theatre books and poems were just a fraud. It's only music that doesn't deceive, it doesn't pretend to be anything else except what it is. Music.
Deyth Banger|If I am horror writer, I should listen to metal???- Why not to dubstep??? Or Deathstep???
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Valperga: Or, the Life and Adventures of Castruccio, Prince of Lucca|Suddenly high song awakens me, and I leave all this tedious routine far, far distant; I listen, till all the world is changed, and the beautiful earth becomes more beautiful.
Ted Gioia, The History of Jazz|[T]he piano was to Harlem what brass bands had been to New Orleans. The instrument represented conflicting possibilities -- a pathway for assimilating traditional highbrow culture, a calling card of lowbrow nightlife, a symbol of middle-class prosperity, or, quite simply, a means of making a living.
Jazmin Williams, 5SOS: The Fans' Story|We feel that we fit into this fandom even if we're an outcast or misfits in this world." -Mary, 16, Philippines
Eric Spitznagel, Old Records Never Die: One Man's Quest for His Vinyl and His Past|I know what I want to hear. I want to hear the "Believe it or Not" song. I want to play that shit loud. Really belt out the "Should have been somebody eeeeeelse" part, with a little bit of Zack de la Rocha venom. That would be pretty awesome right about now.But the other part of me, the part that wanted to be cool, knew that it was a much better idea to say, "Let's play the fucking Misfits." Because that's what you say to the cool guy in the combat boots who wants to smoke in your house. Because he's going to snarl-smile at you and say, "Fuck yeah!" And you're feel cool by association."Let's play the fucking Misfits," I said.John snarl-smiled and saluted me with rock horns. "Fuck yeah."Told you.
Eric Spitznagel, Old Records Never Die: One Man's Quest for His Vinyl and His Past|After we hung up, I took the joint. If I was going to die here, in the creepy basement out of a horror movie, in an epic snowstorm that was like an icy prison, with a wife unwilling to pretend-like Bananarama to maybe save her husband's life, I should at least go out with a smile on my face.
Eric Spitznagel, Old Records Never Die: One Man's Quest for His Vinyl and His Past|Got it!" Mike announced. The GE record player slowly whirred to life, creaky as an old carousel."Nice," John said, raising a beer in salute. "What'd you do?""It wasn't on," Mike said.
Jazmin Williams, 5SOS: The Fans' Story|I may some day get a boyfriend and eventually a husband, but you will always be my first loves." -Sheetal, 14, Qatar
L. G. McVean|Ah! keep my songs within your heart (The heart that holds the singer too), And never to the world impart The music only meant for you. Nor breathe one word, one tender word aloud, Lest it be heard by the cold-hearted crowd. To sing what only you can hear Will keep my heart in perfect tune; As sings the nightingale, when clear Above her shines the summer moon, And every tone of truthful love that flows Is heard alone by the enraptured rose.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Music has the ability to express in the upbeat every brilliant aspect of existence, while on the downbeat convey the anguish that a human being experiences when apprehending the fleeting nature of time, and the mysterious torture of living and dying. Music stands alone in its ability to communicate the symbols and phases of life, both being and nonbeing.
James D. Scanlon, The Musical Adventure of 'One-Shot' Billy|This story is dedicated to all those who help, and all those who care.
Caitlin Moran, Moranthology|Keith Richards is a man without regret. When I ask him if—given the chance to do it all over again—he’d start taking heroin, he doesn’t pause. “Oh yes. Yes. There was a lot of experience in there—you meet a lot of weird people, different takes on life that you’re not going to find if you don’t go there. I loved a good high. And if you stay up, you get the songs that everyone else misses, because they’re asleep. There’s songs zooming around everywhere. There’s songs zooming through here right now, in the air.
Hayley Williams|You don’t go to a show because you think someone in the band is hot. You don’t go because they always wear this cool, awesome outfit, or have the right hair. Those things are part of what makes up the whole picture of the music… but those things wouldn’t compel you to spend your hard earned money on a ticket to spend a night watching those clothes or that hair move around for a little while. Music resonates with everyone, which is why we call it the “universal language.
Kenneth Logan, True Letters from a Fictional Life|James, you’d like Lou Reed,” Michael insisted. “He was bisexual.”Their laughter turned to coughs. They were all staring at me when I turned around. I told myself to relax.“Oh, yeah?” I said. “He doesn’t sound bisexual.”Michael just shook his head, but Ronan and Glenn smiled.“They did electroshock therapy on him when he was a teenager,” Michael said.“Electro-what?” said Glenn. “They electrocuted people?”“Kind of. They zapped their brains to alter their personalities. That’s how they tried to make gay people straight back then.”They all looked at me for a response.I shrugged. “So, he was bisexual? It worked halfway?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Ah, music, a magic beyond all we do here.
Alice Randall, Ada's Rules: A Sexy Skinny Novel|We are taught to think ourselves ugly. Eyes are an assaulted sense. We are taught to behave by spankings and whippings. Touch is an assaulted sense. We are taught we should not smell, or we smell wrong. Smell is an assaulted sense. We listen to songs that call us 'hos and tell us how to give blow jobs. Hearing is an assaulted sense. Taste, not so much.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|The Beatles were bubblegum cards and Help at the Saturday morning cinema and toy plastic guitars and singing 'Yellow Submarine' at the top of my voice in the back row of the coach on school trips. They belong to me, not to me and Laura, or me and Charlie, or me and Alison Ashworth, and though they'll make me feel something, they won't make me feel anything bad.
Villagers|I waited for something,something died.So I waited for nothing,Nothing arrived.
Nathan Feuerstein (NF)|Hip hop in my veins, if you cut cut me I will bleed.
Deyth Banger|People should train their brain by watching films, by listening music, by playing games, by reading quotes. If people do this, I can said from this a big percent from here you can become clever.
Loretta Graziano Breuning, Habits of a Happy Brain: Retrain Your Brain to Boost Your Serotonin, Dopamine, Oxytocin,  Endorphin Levels|Music gives pleasure because your mind keeps predicting what comes next. Each correct prediction triggers dopamine. You can't make good predictions for unfamiliar music, so you don't get the dopamine. But when music is too familiar, something strange happens. You don't get the dopamine either because your brain predicts it effortlessly. To make you happy, music must be at the sweet spot of novelty and familiarity.
Pope Pius XII|The power of sacred music increases the honor given to God by the Church in union with Christ, its Head. Sacred music likewise helps to increase the fruits which the faithful, moved by the sacred harmonies, derive from the holy liturgy. These fruits, as daily experience and many ancient and modern literary sources show, manifest themselves in a life and conduct worthy of a Christian.
Ani DiFranco|I am not an angry girlBut it seems like I’ve got everyone fooledEvery time I say something they find hard to hearThey chalk it up to my anger, and never to their own fear
joseph ejiro|Yes beyonce, thank you very very much!!!Growing up wasn’t easy for me, even as a boy, then as a black boy, then it was even harder as a black boy who lives in Africa. You might think that white privilege is more prevalent in America but no, it is worse here in Africa were white people are literally worshiped as gods.While growing up as a boy in my teens, i had serious self esteem issues, i didn’t like the color of my skin, i didn’t like my hair, i didn’t like my butt, and i was a boy!!! can you believe it? in 2007 i even tried bleaching my skin, lucky for me i bought a fake bleaching cream, translation, it didn’t work. I dyed my hair blonde several times.But after a while i started to get my self esteem in place, the fact that i had so many white folks as friends at that time didn’t help, truth is most white people living here in Africa claim not to be racist but when you catch that stare, hear that comment, see the way they react, you can smell racism all over them. I can give you a simple example, I had a white friend years ago who was an exec at a big oil company here in Nigeria, I had just graduated and needed a job, I spoke to him about it and y’all wont believe what he suggested, well, he suggested I work as his steward.You see, a lot of Nigerians will jump at it, but i smelt racism all over that offer and i wasn’t gonna be a slave to a white man who still had slave-owner tendencies, he totally undermined my degree and felt i was better off as his “slave”.When Beyonce dropped ‘formation’ i was blown away, never before have i felt more proud to be black!!! and now her ‘lemonade’ album is here and it is everything the black community needs. Beyonce has ‘black’ going mainstream, her lemonade album has white girls wishing they were black, getting tans, dying their hair black, talking gangster etc. black is the new black.I really do appreciate what bey has done for the black race, now black men and women will walk the streets, heads held high in all their blackness and be proud!!! THANKS BEY!!!
Ashton Irwin|Just keeping being you. Don't worry what people think. Being you is cool, okay?
5 Seconds of Summer|I got one foot in the golden life, one foot in the gutter. So close to the other side, so far from the wonder. I got one foot in the golden life, one foot in the gutter. So sick of the tug of war, that keeps pulling me under
U2|What you don’t have you don’t need it now.  What you don’t know you can feel it somehow . What you don’t have you don’t need it now , don’t need it now It was a beautiful day
David Byrne, How Music Works|Presuming that there is such a thing as "progress" when it comes to music, and that music is "better" now than it used to be, is typical of the high self-regard of those who live in the present. It is a myth. Creativity doesn't "improve.
David Byrne, How Music Works|In the early days, I might have gotten on stage and begun to sing as a desperate attempt to communicate, but now I found that singing was both a physical and emotional joy. It was sensuous, a pure pleasure, which didn't take away from the emotions being expressed—even if they were melancholic. Music can do that; you can enjoy singing about something sad.
David Byrne, How Music Works|Recordings aren't time sensitive. You can hear the music you want whether it's morning, noon, or the middle of the night. You can "get into" clubs virtually, "sit" in concert halls you can't afford to visit, go to places that are too far away, or hear people sing about things you don't understand, about lives that are alien, sad, or wonderful. Recorded music can be ripped free from its context, for better and worse. It becomes its own context.
David Byrne, How Music Works|The mixtapes we made for ourselves were musical mirrors. The sadness, anger, or frustration you might be feeling at a given time could be encapsulated in the song selection. You made mixtapes that corresponded to emotional states, and they'd be avaliable to pop into the deck when each feeling needed reinforcing or soothing. The mixtape was your friend, your psychiatrist, and your solace.
David Byrne, How Music Works|Music written by teams makes the authorship of a piece indistinct. Could it be that when hearing a song written by a team, a listener can sense that they aren't hearing an expression of a solitary individual's pain or joy, but that of a virtual conjoined person? Can we tell that an individual singer might actually represent a collective, that he might have multiple identities? Does that make the sentiments expressed more poetically universal? Dan eliminating some portion of the authorial voice make a piece of music more accessible and the singer more empathetic?
David Byrne, How Music Works|Any kid will tell you that, yes, their music is both an escape and a survival mechanism, and that sometimes the music givesbthem hope and inspiration. It doesn't just placate and pacify.
Austin Mahone|Don't give up when you still have something to give. Because nothing is really over until the moment you stop trying,
Augustine of Hippo|Music, that is the science or the sense of proper modulation, is likewise given by God's generosity to mortals having rational souls in order to lead them to higher things.
Julian Barnes, The Noise of Time|Music — good music, great music — had a hard, irreducible purity to it. It might be bitter and despairing and pessimistic, but it could never be cynical. If music is tragic, those with asses’ ears accuse it of being cynical. But when a composer is bitter, or in despair, or pessimistic, that still means he believes in something.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|You can’t really think hard about what you’re doing and listen to the radio at the same time. Maybe they didn’t see their job as having anything to do with hard thought, just wrench twiddling.
Deyth Banger|Music is made for relax, let's don't move it... let's be clever and left it like this, shall we?
John Green, Paper Towns|Once we got out of Jefferson Park, we rolled down the one window that worked so the world would know we had good taste in music.
Deyth Banger|I want music, I don't want stupidity, (Hey)... (mey)... I don't give a shit, so far it sounds like stupidity changes tracks and it's on the track and it waits to appear!
Anastasia Lily, Master of the Universe:  Classical Favorites- Ana's Piano- BACH|Bach's simple and basic themes ultimately engage and appeal to my adolescent side while the seemingly complex arrangements, though perhaps patronizingly in some cases, also reflect my juvenile perception of what looks and sounds 'grown-up,' intelligent, refined and sophisticated. There were few composers and musicians in my youth that I could say understood me and really got me, almost all were classical. J. S. Bach was one one of them.
Jay Woodman|Innocent and joyfulI take your handfor I know you judge not,you simply understand.You are my companionon this voyage of discovery,singing sweet soft musicto the universe inside of me.
R.K. Slade, Because|Band has really been the one thing that allows me to experience somewhat of a distraction. They say music heals, right? I'm able to exist in all my weirdness right in the middle of a big crowd of people, but all I really have to focus on is playing my own part, marching with the correct foot, and being where I’m supposed to be on the field. - Rigby Raines
R.K. Slade, Because|I’m basically a nobody in the trumpet section. I like it that way. I hate being in front of people. I think I’m too nervous, or anxious, or something. The only time I ever played a solo was that time during concert band that I accidentally played during a rest. The whole band was silent and I honked out a right note at the wrong time. I was so embarrassed that I wanted to hide in my band locker. - Rigby Raines
Mark Lanegan|If tears were liquor, I'd have drunk myself sick.
Mitch Albom, The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto|I [Music] was born in the open air, in the breaks of waves and the whistling of sandstorms, the hoots of owls and the cackles of tui birds. I travel in echoes. I ride the breeze. I was forged in nature, rugged and raw. Only man shapes my edges to make me beautiful. [Chapter 2]
Emily Dickinson, Selected Letters|and so I sing, as the Boy does by the Burying Ground – because I am afraid –
Dave Grohl|That's one of the greatest things about music. You can sing a song to 85,000 people and they'll sing it back for 85,000 different reasons.
Friedrich Schiller|O friends, no more these sounds!Let us sing more cheerful songs, more full of joy!
Prairie Empire|There is a love that binds us allIt's in our blood, it's who we areand it's nested in the branches of this treeand it's rooted in the Earth where we keepall of our stories
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|There is no music, just the sound of the wind and the leaves it touches. But hopefully that'll be music enough, for you.
Bryan Islip, Like an Angel Sings|This is how early age people heard music, not through their ears above the cacophony of modern life but directly from the universe into their souls.
Bryan Islip, Like an Angel Sings|Everything sings, the whole universe and all the other universes. It's in our genes, see, not just in our ears.
Thomas Rhett|If I never get to see the Northern lights. Or if I never get to see the Eiffel Tower at night. Oh, if all I got, is your hand in my hand, baby I could die, a happy man.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|..moments of transport, and of comfort, and of a bracing vastness of possibility. That was all there for me sometimes when I plunged my mind into the Bible’s puzzles; and it was always there in the music of church. I wouldn’t have said it this way then. But I would feel all the cells in my body as I sang hymns that connected my little life with the grandeur of the cosmos, the Christian drama across space and time. This was my earliest experience of breath and body, mind and spirit soaring together, alive to both mystery and reality, in kinship with others both familiar and unknown. That’s one way I’d define the feeling of faith now.
Carrie Brownstein, Hunger Makes Me a Modern Girl|Back then, I was still just a fan of music. And to be a fan of music also meant to be a fan of cities, of places. Regionalism—and the creative scenes therein—played an important role in the identification and contextualization of a sound or aesthetic. Music felt married to place, and the notion of “somewhere” predated the Internet’s seeming invention of “everywhere” (which often ends up feeling like “nowhere”)
Craig Schaefer, The Long Way Down|A fresh bottle of Jack waited on the end table, but for the first time in weeks I didn’t feel the need to pour a nightcap. The music was better.
Nicholson Baker, Traveling Sprinkler|You float like a feather," sings Radiohead, "In a beautiful world." I've listened several times to the Radiohead songs, because it was nice of Raymond to say he heard a bit of them in what I sang. I'm not sure I hear it myself, but I am pleased and touched. Sometimes that's what you need, just a quick casual word of knowledgeable encouragement. Radiohead reminds me a little of the songs in Garden State soundtrack. Now, that's a soundtrack. They were all songs that Zach Braff liked, so he put them in his movie. And there's that beautiful moment near the beginning where Natalie Portman hands him the headphones and she watches him listen to the song and she smiles her huge, innocent Natalie Portman smile.
Bernard Cornwell, Sharpe's Triumph|A sad, plangent music. In the British camp, Sharpe thought, they would be singing, but no one was singing here.
Fall Out Boy|Anything you say can and will be used against you, so only say my name.
Samuel Johnson|Difficult do you call it, Sir? I wish it were impossible. [on hearing a famous violinist]
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|I just don't— Ronan. My ears are bleeding!"Ronan turned down the music.
Plato, The Republic|....harmony that would fittingly imitate the utterances and accents of a brave man who is engaged in warfare or in any enforced business, and who, when he has failed […] confronts fortune with steadfast endurance and repels her strokes
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|I didn't say much; my head was still ringing with the music, and I didn't want it to fade. I kept thinking back to it, the way that Will's friend had been so lost in what he was playing. I hadn't realized that music could unlock things in you, could transport you to somewhere even the composer hadn't predicted. It left an imprint in the air around you, as if you carried its remnants with you when you went.
Frederick Espiritu, The Path to Awesomeness: Becoming Super, Being Human|Love is silent. Yet it could fill the spaces no other sound can ever do. Truth is there’s no sound without silence. We can listen to all the beautiful songs, but unless we can hear where the music is coming from, the empty spaces of our lives can never be filled and the song we sing will have no meaning.
Nick La Rocca|Jazz is the assassination, the murdering, the slaying of syncopation. I would even go so far as to confess that we are musical anarchists.
Kamand Kojouri|Classical music is the best, and cheapest, mind-altering drug in the world.
Torquil Campbell|When there is nothing left to burn, you have to set yourself on fire.
Corey Taylor|I am a man ruled by music- I live, die, fight and survive for it.
Michael  Darling, Got Luck|Name a song. Any song at all."She thought for a moment and said, "'Claire de Lune.'"I placed my hands on the keyboard. I closed my eyes and tilted my head back and struck a key, sounding a single note. "There you go. Gimme another one. I can play the first note of anything. As long as I get to choose the key it's in.
Leo Tolstoy, The Kreutzer Sonata|What is music? What does it do to us? And why does it do to us what it does? People say that music has an uplifting effect on the soul: what rot! It isn’t true. It’s true that it has an effect, it has a terrible effect on me, at any rate, but it has nothing to do with any uplifting of the soul. Its effect on the soul is neither uplifting nor degrading — it merely irritates me.
Ted Gioia, The History of Jazz|The resulting amalgam - an exotic mixture of European, Caribbean, African, and American elements - made Louisiana into perhaps the most seething ethnic melting pot that the nineteenth century world could produce. This cultural gumbo would serve as breeding ground for many of the great hybrid musics of modern times; not just jazz, but also cajun, zydeco, blues, and other new styles flourished as a result of this laissez-faire environment. In this warm, moist atmosphere, sharp delineations between cultures gradually softened and ultimately disappeared.
Garth Risk Hallberg|Punk had picked the locks, sluiced out into the grid.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Satan," he said, "couldn't undo anything God had done. She could at least try to make existence for His little toys less painful. She could see what He couldn't: To be alive was to be either bored or scared stiff. So she filled an apple with all sorts of ideas that might at least relieve the boredom, such as rules for games with cards and dice, and how to fuck, and recipes for beer and wine and whiskey, and pictures of different plants that were smokeable, and so on. And instructions on how to make music and sing and dance real crazy, real sexy. And how to spout blasphemy when they stubbed their toes."Satan had a serpent give Eve the apple. Eve took a bite and handed it to Adam. Hee took a bite, and then they fucked.
James     Valentine, The Valentine Constitution for The United States of America|Puzzle pieces, people and their gifts seek to fit instay true to yourself; don't cram or trim.
Michelle Franklin|A demigod who reaches his apotheosis never mourns for himself.It is the business of his many adulators to mourn for him. He cannot feel sadness to be so great, leaving all the rest of us to champion in trembling misery.I, surprisingly, have very few words to offer, only because this year has taken so many sensational performers from us. There comes a time when the agony of loss is too great, when we feel it too much-- there is nothing left but painful astonishment. My grievances lie more with the Gods for taking him away from us than they do with his parting. I suppose I shall reach the stage of unconscionable sorrow at some point; now I am half confusion and half indignation. It should be impossible for people to be so deeply affected by someone whom we have never formally met, but this is existence: it is a bold measure we take, this stake in sufferance; we must all go through everything together, another proof of the mask of division. We all feel the same things, and Prince's passing is felt no less by anybody. Between him and Bowie, there is now a musical chasm in the world, a place where Gods once dwelt that is now abandoned, and in the Age of Pseudolotry, where what is nonsensical reigns over what is intelligent, we are likely never to see one of his kind again.Goodnight, sweet Prince. We shall go on trundling through this 'thing called life' with hearts defrauded of our greatest love.--On the death of Prince
Emil M. Cioran|If there is anyone who owes everything to Bach, it is certainly God.
Deyth Banger|As for me horror is the genre which makes my life more interesting, mysteries my life to be something like a riddle which people go and hard go outside...But the music build my personality!
Jean Gill, Song at Dawn: 1150 in Provence|And then the great music of which the world is made took him over, beyond thought, beyond control until he heard her cry his name and they fell together off the edge of the world.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Sexual union is only truly fulfilling when both parties are at the same level and definition of love. The same exchange of energy. It’s like music. Alone you have your own tune, but when it’s combined with another it can a magical, divine experience. Each part has to know when it leads, like the melody, and when it complements, like the harmony.
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|And stay, my dearstay...forever, as my quiet song,in my lilac dawn.
Kurt Cobain|Kids don't care about rock and roll as much as they used to, as the other generations have. It's already turned into nothing but a fashion statement and an identity for kids to use as a tool for them to fuck and have a social life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you dance to rhythm of music in your heart, you will restore your soul, and revive your spirit.
Pope Paul VI, Sacrosanctum Concilium: Constitution on the Sacred Liturgy|The Church acknowledges Gregorian chant as specially suited to the Roman liturgy: therefore, other things being equal, it should be given pride of place in liturgical services. But other kinds of sacred music, especially polyphony, are by no means excluded from liturgical celebrations, so long as they accord with the spirit of the liturgical action.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|You will not find it in the words of poets or the longing eyes of sailors. If you want to know of love, look to a trouper's hands as he makes his music. A trouper knows.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If people listen to music and dance every day, they find happiness and sacred solutions to any problem.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Music moves the body, soul and spirit to the bliss.
John Schmidt|Like Garth Brooks said about it, you need to live where you could honestly choose, if you had to, on whether to give up one yesterday for one more tomorrow, you have to be able to say no to that.
Lindsey Stirling|While my body might say, "I'm small and vulnerable," my hair warns, "DON'T MESS WITH ME.
Katherine Applegate|You needed love to win at the game of music...I played of sadness. I played of loneliness. Despair. Love found and lost. I played of tragic misunderstanding and weary cynicism and defeat. I played of perseverance, endurance beyond all suffering. Endurance in the face of hopelessness, hope when even hope was a betrayal...And yet, though I played so much sadness, the music at the same time denied despair. How could anyone despair while music was being played?
Rebecca McNutt, Shadowed Skies: The Third Smog City Novel|7 Up soda pop mixed with bright pink grenadine with a chemical-tasting maraschino cherry stuck to the plastic straw. It was one of those drinks marketed for children, but Mandy could see that she wasn’t the only adult ordering one. For some reason or other these old-fashioned restaurants always seemed to attract old ladies ordering strawberry Jell-O with whipped cream, truck drivers ordering “worms and dirt” (chocolate pudding with Oreo cookies squished over the top in a glass bowl, fruit-flavoured gummy worms over the cookie crumbs) and businessmen trying not to get syrup from their hot fudge sundaes on their neckties and tailored suits. Mandy figured that maybe they were all trying to grasp a time way back in the past when they were all little children, excitedly ordering desert for a special occasion under the warm incandescent light from above, cheerful and bouncing music filling their minds. Hurriedly she ate the food, paid the tab and hurried back to her car in the bitter wind, not wanting to stick around for very long.
David Hepworth|Led Zeppelin created their music from a diet of Bert Jansch, Memphis Minnie, John Fahey, Billy Fury, Phil Spector, Richard 'Rabbit' Brown, Moby Grape, Manitas De Plata and Om Kalsoum. Those who came afterwards were content with a diet of Led Zeppelin, which is not the same thing at all.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you listen to music every day, you will be happy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I can’t live without books, music and wonder.
brendon urie|There’s a little tagline in there that I throw out to our fans, I like to call them my sinners, and I’m a fellow sinner, and so I think that’s a special little throw-out to them.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|Something tugged inside him. A flutter of unease.Do you sing? Those had been her first words to him, the day she had bought him. A band of nausea circled Arin’s throat, just as it had when she had asked him that question, in part for the same reason. She’d had no trace of an accent. She had spoken in perfect, natural, mother-taught Herrani.
Lynn Gunn|The actual things behind the stories and behind the lyrics had a lot to do with…I hate saying depression, but there was a really rough patch in my head and really difficult time and I didn’t know why…A lot of the ghosts that appeared in the record is a metaphor for that depression at that time in my head and all the things going on in it. It’s mainly about that, and there’s little things here and there about certain people.
A.R. Von, Jailhouse Rock|She has her eyes closed, looking lost to the song and completely oblivious to what’s happening around her, or at how she’s affecting everyone in the room. I wonder if she’s aware of how amazing she is?
Michelle  Painchaud, Pretending to Be Erica|He laughs and switches lanes. "All right. So, favorite song?""Ever?"He nods. I bite my lip and watch the just-budding trees flash by outside."I don't think I've found it yet."His mouth twists with a smile I've never seen before. And I've seen every smile."That's the right answer.
Charlie Parker|First you learn the instrument, then you learn the music, then you forget all that s**t and just play.
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|I had hooked up my iPod to the speakers. The air was filled with the raw, sexy purr of Etta James. "The thing that's great about the blues," I told Luke, pausing to sip from my glass of wine, "is that it's about feeling, loving, wanting without the brakes on. No one's brave enough to live that way. Except maybe musicians.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you dance daily, you will find strength within thy soul.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Music is either sacred or profane. What is sacred accords completely with its nobility, and this is where music most immediately influences life; such influence remains unchanged at all times and in every epoch. Profane music should be altogether cheerful.Music of a kind that mixes the sacred with the profane is godless and shoddy music wich goes in for expressing feeble, wretched, deplorable feelings, and is just insipid. For it is not serious enough to be sacred and it lacks the chief quality of the opposite kind: cheerfulness.
Shannon L. Alder|Between where you stand today and where God needs you to be is a thousand lies, a thousand reasons to give up and an army of people willing to break down your spirit and motivation. You will be hurt. You will be labeled. You will be betrayed. You will get lost. You will make mistakes. You might even want to give up because a few people that say they stand for Christ appear to stand against you. Don't do it! God only gives you what he knows you can handle. So, guess what? If God knew that you could travel through hell and get to the other side then you must be one ---BADASS WOMAN!
Carrie Brownstein|I could turn up the volume on their songs and that loudness matched all my panic and fear, anger and emotions that seemed up until that point to be uncontrollable, even amorphous.
Nick Carter|Music not only saved my life, it gave me a life
Caitlin Moran|I am eating this noise like mouthfuls of freezing, glittering fog. I am filling with it. I am using it as energy. Because what you are, as a teenager, is a small, silver, empty rocket. And you use loud music as fuel, and then the information in books as maps and coordinates, to tell you where you're going.
Cari Quinn, Manaconda|I knew there was something special between us, knew it as surely as a lyric that belonged in a song. But as with all good songs, I needed time to figure out the melody and chords.
Gad Saad, The Consuming Instinct: What Juicy Burgers, Ferraris, Pornography, and Gift Giving Reveal About Human Nature|roughly 90 percent of songs have mating as their central theme, and this holds true regardless of cultural setting or historical period.
Courtney Giardina, Behind the Strings|They only want to be there while you’re on top, and when you haven’t gotten a gig in a while and you don’t know how you’re going to pay your rent at the end of the month and the glamor they thought they signed up for is gone, they’re walking out the door, leaving you to pick up the pieces.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|I sing about life. I am happy, but life is sad.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|An old Russian folk song is like water held back by a dam. It looks as if it were still and were no longer flowing, but in its depths it is ceaselessly rushing through the sluice gates and the stillness of its surface is deceptive. By every possible means, by repetitions and similes, the song slows down the gradual unfolding of its theme. Then at some point it suddenly reveals itself and astounds us. That is how the song’s sorrowing spirit comes to expression. The song is an insane attempt to stop time by means of its words.
Karl Ove Knausgård|All I needed to know, all true knowledge, the only really essential knowledge, was to be found in the books I read and the music I listened to
Lailah Gifty Akita|My hobbies are reading, writing, listening to music and dancing.
Charlie Close, Before the Ripcord Broke: Stories|He slid his saxophone under the bed before we got naked on it, and I think it made the whole thing better. I really do.
Carrie Brownstein|Music felt married to place, and the notion of "somewhere" predated the Internet's seeming invention of "everywhere" (which often ends up feeling like "nowhere").
Gary F. Marcus, Guitar Zero: The New Musician and the Science of Learning|Repetition sometimes works in poetry, but rarely in prose. The musical provocateur John Cage once wrote a lecture in which a single page was repeated fourteen times, with the refrain "If anybody is sleep let him go to sleep" (Cage, 1961). Midway through, the artist Jean Reynal stood up and screamed, "John, I dearly love you, but I can't bear another minute.
Tess Gerritsen, Playing with Fire|Her technique was not perfect. Here and there he heard an off-pitch note, and her run of sixteenths was uneven. But her attack was fierce, her bow digging into the strings with such confidence that even her mistakes sounded intentional, every note played without apology.
Burt Bacharach|I never liked hearing anyone say I was the new George Gershwin, because I knew I could have never even carried that man's music case. If George Gershwin hadn't died when he was thirty-nine years old, there is no knowing how much more great music he would have written.
Ethan Hopkins|Well I'll be waiting for a long, long time in the line which is your arms.
Gary F. Marcus, Guitar Zero: The New Musician and the Science of Learning|Sometimes guitar riffs get repeated over and over ("vamping," in the lingo of musicians), but generally there is a soloist proving variation that runs above that background, lest the song sound monotonous. Philip Glass's minimalist compositions (such as the soundtrack to 'Koyaanisqatsi') deviate from much of the classical music that preceded them, with much less obvious movement than, say, the Romantic-era compositions that his work seems to rebel against, yet his works, too, consist not only of extensive repetition but also of constant (though subtle) variation. Virtually every song you've ever heard consists of exactly that: themes that recur over and over, overlaid with variations.
Gary F. Marcus, Guitar Zero|Our sense of a composition largely inheres in how we feel about the individual parts; narrative arcs are almost always essential in drama but (unless there are lyrics involved) often less essential in music. All of this is, I suspect, again symptomatic of human memory limitations. We live, to a remarkable degree, in the present; what happened thirty seconds ago is already rapidly fading from our memory (or at least rapidly becomes harder for us to retrieve).
Aberjhani, Songs from the Black Skylark zPed Music Player|The gentle pulsing and flickering of stars and nebulae made a kind of music, a sweet easy mesh of whispered tones and sighing harmonies that held him in its force like the earth [holding] the moon.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|She closed her eyes and began to weave a song. She abandoned the familiar melodies she’d played so many times before and went in search of something new, no longer wanting a song fed on pain or guilt. She needed one that could replace those wounds with strength, with resolve, with confidence. She needed a song that could not only assuage, but heal and build anew. The notes stumbled around the room, tripping over beds and empty stools and hollow men sleeping. They warbled and fell, haphazard, chaotic, settling without flight. Fin’s forehead creased and she persisted. She let her fingers wander, reached out with her mind. She chased the fleeting song she’d glimpsed once before. In Madeira she’d felt a hint of it: something wild, untameable, a thing sprung whole and flawless from the instant of creation.
Dmitri Shostakovich|I'll admit that writing doesn't always come, but I'm totally against walking around looking at the sky when you're experiencing a block, waiting for inspiration to strike you. Tchaikovsky and Rimsky-Korsakov didn't like each other and agreed on very few things, but they were of one opinion on this: you had to write constantly. If you can't write a major work, write minor trifles. If you can't write at all, orchestrate something.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|She chased the song like a hound fast upon a scent. She pursued it through a forest primeval: a dark land planted with musical staves and rests and grown thick with briars of annotation. On she went and on still until she caught sight of the song ahead of her, fleeting and sly. “I see it,” she said aloud, though she didn’t mean to.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|And then she caught the song. She fell upon it and music poured from the fiddle’s hollow, bright and liquid like fire out of the heart of the earth. Pierre-Jean drew back and stood mesmerized. The room around Fin stirred as every ear bent to the ring of heartsong. It rushed through Fin and spread to the outermost and tiniest capillary reaches of her body. Her flesh sang. The hairs of her arms and neck roused and stood. She sped the bow across the strings. Her fingers danced on the fingerboard quick as fat raindrops. Every man in the room that night would later swear that there was a wind within it. They would tell their children and lovers that a hurricane had filled the room, toppled chairs, driven papers and sheets before it and blew not merely around them but through them, taking fears, grudges, malice, and contempt with it, sending them spiraling out into the night where they vanished among the stars like embers rising from a bonfire. And though the spirited cry of the fiddle’s song blew through others and around the room and everything in it, Fin sat at the heart of it. It poured into her. It found room in the closets and hollow places of her soul to settle and root. It planted seeds: courage, resolve, steadfastness. Fin gulped it in, seized it, held it fast. She needed it, had thirsted for it all her days. She saw the road ahead of her, and though she didn’t understand it or comprehend her part in it, she knew that she needed the ancient and reckless power of a holy song to endure it. She didn’t let the music loose. It buckled and swept and still she clung to it, defined it in notes and rhythm, channeled it like a river bound between mountain steeps. And a thing happened then so precious and strange that Fin would ever after remember it only in the formless manner of dreams. The song turned and spoke her name—her true name, intoned in a language of mysteries. Not her earthly name, but a secret word, defining her alone among all created things. The writhing song spoke it, and for the first time, she knew herself. She knew what it was to be separated out, held apart from every other breathing creature, and known. Though she’d never heard it before and wouldn’t recall it after, every stitch of her soul shook in the passage of the word, shuddered in the wake of it, and mourned as the sound sped away. In an instant, it was over. The song ended with the dissonant pluck of a broken string.
Gerard de Marigny|As important as color is to a painting, or wings to a bird. Music injects vibrancy to film and makes it soar!
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|Then she took up the bow and began to play. The tone was warm and deep, storied with layers of age.
K.M. Peyton, The Beethoven Medal|He considered for a moment, then started to play a piece that was very familiar to Ruth, although she had no idea what it was. It was lilting and wistful, and she could have sung the melody if she had wished.'Alright?' He raised his eyebrows inquiringly.'Yes. Exactly.'It was effortless and perfect, and he played it through to the end, closing with the softest and most delicate chords, which hung and faded in the quiet hall like the grains of dust raining through the evening light. Ruth was touched. It was all she had wanted. He did not move until there was complete silence again, then he closed the lid without saying anything, and stood up, shoving back the chair. ... 'What was that piece?''A Brahms waltz.''Hasn't it got a name?' she wanted it to remember.'Number fifteen. Opus thirty-nine.'It hadn't sounded like numbers to Ruth.
K.M. Peyton|He considered for a moment, then started to play a piece that was very familiar to Ruth, although she had no idea what it was. It was lilting and wistful, and she could have sung the melody if she had wished."Alright?" He raised his eyebrows inquiringly."Yes. Exactly."It was effortless and perfect, and he played it through to the end, closing with the softest and most delicate chords, which hung and faded in the quiet hall like the grains of dust raining through the evening light. Ruth was touched. It was all she had wanted. He did not move until there was complete silence again, then he closed the lid without saying anything, and stood up, shoving back the chair. ... "What was that piece?" "A Brahms waltz.""Hasn't it got a name?" she wanted it to remember."Number fifteen. Opus thirty-nine." It hadn't sounded like numbers to Ruth.
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|It is a second-generation Seattle-scene record label; all of its artists are young people who came to Seattle after they graduated college in search of the legendary Seattle music scene and discovered that it didn't really exist--it was just a couple of dozen guys who sat around playing guitar in one another's basements--and so who were basically forced to choose between going home in ignominy or fabricating the Seattle Music scene of their imagination from whole cloth. This led to the establishment of any number of small clubs, and the foundation of many bands, that were not rooted in any kind of authentic reality whatsoever but merely reflected the dreams and aspiration of pan-global young adults who had flocked to Seattle on the same chimera hunt.
Juan Díaz Canales|How do you imagine Hell, sir Blacksad ? For me, it's a place without music... of complete silence.
John Seabrook, The Song Machine: Inside the Hit Factory|Connection, he explained, was the essence of pop music, according to his boss, Jimmy Iovine: “Jimmy always says it’s all about the connection between the artist and the fans,” he says. “This whole business, it’s just about that connection.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If the only song you sing is love, it is the greatest.
Gary F. Marcus, Guitar Zero: The New Musician and the Science of Learning|But nobody is born being able to hear [intervals], and many people never master them. Some people never even notice that "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" and "The Alphabet Song" follow the same melody (and hence consist of the same sequence of intervals).
Mitch Albom, The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto|There is a reason you glance up when you first hear a melody, or tap your foot to the sound of a drum. All humans are musical. Why else would the Lord give you a beating heart?
Ondjaki, The Whistler|The morning was, therefore, a mixture of a plenitude of densities, from the presence of the placid birds, to the mundane premonition, to the spring of small glisters which accompanied that autumnal rain. The music, in a simple whistle, recreated a new universe with the parish and all the hearts that were witness to it- padre, pigeons, swallows, the world!- were clothed in a new carnivalesque colouring: a celebration from within.
Ondjaki, The Whistler|... after daybreak is when I will already have died. At that moment I will only know of beautiful things: the certainties, the desires. When the sun bathes me, I will be something else: without mirrors, without sadness. I will have passed away, but will have been reborn. I will whistle mellifluous melodies. Discredited but, in the end, light.
Ondjaki, The Whistler|The elders say- difficult to prove- that winged creatures also dream. The birds are lovers of heights, always searching out landing spots, never constant here at the foot of the human race. 'It's that they discovered a magical advantage...' they say, 'the sound of silence.'At the foot of the clouds the raindrops come earlier, it's true, and the silence of the sky is something unattainable for those who don't fly- we have never experimented. The dream of the birds was that man of them headed for a land where they experienced a similar magic to that lived by them.In the final analysis, music is the only human sound similar to that of silence.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|Rock stars have many of the same qualities as athletes—millions for doing what they love, fans, easy pussy, fame, status, the ability to do whatever they want when they want. While what they do is still cool, the main difference is that it’s less masculine. You connect with your fans in this intense, intimate, emotional way that is less about you and more about them, how you make them feel. When you’re an athlete, it’s all about you. They cheer you on. When you make music, you cheer them on, provide the soundtrack to their little lives, and all they do is cheer you back to say “Thanks.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|Even more than music, rock-and-roll is sex.
Nenia Campbell, The Pocketbook of Sunshine and Rain|be my sonata, my cantata, my lovesing me something sweetbut not too sweet(or i may grow deaf to our harmonyas we decrescendo into silence)
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|He's rigged a tiny cassette player with a small set of foam earphones to listen to demo tapes and rough mixes. Occasionally he'll hand the device to Mindy, wanting her opinion, and each time, the experience of music pouring directly against her eardrums - hers alone - is a shock that makes her eyes well up; the privacy of it, the way it transforms her surroundings into a golden montage, as if she were looking back on this lark in Africa with Lou from some distant future.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Essays in the Art of Writing|We may now briefly enumerate the elements of style.  We have, peculiar to the prose writer, the task of keeping his phrases large, rhythmical, and pleasing to the ear, without ever allowing them to fall into the strictly metrical: peculiar to the versifier, the task of combining and contrasting his double, treble, and quadruple pattern, feet and groups, logic and metre—harmonious in diversity: common to both, the task of artfully combining the prime elements of language into phrases that shall be musical in the mouth; the task of weaving their argument into a texture of committed phrases and of rounded periods—but this particularly binding in the case of prose: and, again common to both, the task of choosing apt, explicit, and communicative words.  We begin to see now what an intricate affair is any perfect passage; how many faculties, whether of taste or pure reason, must be held upon the stretch to make it; and why, when it is made, it should afford us so complete a pleasure.  From the arrangement of according letters, which is altogether arabesque and sensual, up to the architecture of the elegant and pregnant sentence, which is a vigorous act of the pure intellect, there is scarce a faculty in man but has been exercised.  We need not wonder, then, if perfect sentences are rare, and perfect pages rarer.-ON SOME TECHNICAL ELEMENTS OF STYLE IN LITERATURE
Robert Louis Stevenson, Essays in the Art of Writing|Music and literature, the two temporal arts, contrive their pattern of sounds in time; or, in other words, of sounds and pauses.  Communication may be made in broken words, the business of life be carried on with substantives alone; but that is not what we call literature; and the true business of the literary artist is to plait or weave his meaning, involving it around itself; so that each sentence, by successive phrases, shall first come into a kind of knot, and then, after a moment of suspended meaning, solve and clear itself.-ON SOME TECHNICAL ELEMENTS OF STYLE IN LITERATURE
Libby Cudmore, The Big Rewind|There isn't a better feeling in the world—not an orgasm, not a first kiss, not even that glorious soaring sensation you get when those first few notes of a new song pierce your chest and fill your whole body with absolute bliss—than acknowledgment that your mix tape was not only received and played but enjoyed. It's a dance of sorts, balancing songs you think the listener will love while trying to say everything that otherwise dries up in your throat before you can get out the words.
Sophia Dembling, Introverts in Love: The Quiet Way to Happily Ever After|Ah, yes, the mix tape. The mating call of the introvert.
Katherine Patterson|People began to join in, quietly at first to match her mood, but as the song built up at the end, their voices did as well, so that by the time they got to the final “Free to be you and me,” the whole school could hear them. Caught in the pure delight of it, Jess turned and his eyes met Leslie’s. He smiled at her. What the heck? There wasn’t any reason he couldn’t. What was he scared of anyhow? Lord. Sometimes he acted like the original yellow-bellied sapsucker. He nodded and smiled again. She smiled back. He felt there in the teachers’ room that it was the beginning of a new season in his life, and he chose deliberately to make it so.He did not have to make any announcement to Leslie that he had changed his mind about her. She already knew it. She plunked herself down beside him on the bus and squeezed over closer to him to make room for May Belle on the same seat. She talked about Arlington, about the huge suburban school she used to go to with its gorgeous music room but not a single teacher in it as beautiful or as nice as Miss Edmunds.
John Seabrook|Lundin says, “Denniz was an arrangement genius.” He adds, “like Steve Jobs, he knew what to take out. ‘You can get rid of that, that. Keep it simple.’ ” As Denniz put it, “A great pop song should be interesting, in some way. That means that certain people will hate it immediately and certain people will love it, but only as long as it isn’t boring and meaningless. Then it’s not a pop song any longer; then it’s something else. It’s just music.
John Seabrook, The Song Machine: Inside the Hit Factory|They told me exactly how it worked, the marketing of it. Our target market was always going to be young teenage girls, because boys are into sports, and they like buying jerseys and caps and so on, for baseball or football, things of that nature, whereas the girls are totally enthralled with the band. . . . They don’t have money, but they have access to a large supply of it: their aunts, uncles, grandmas, grandpas, who would spend money on them for a concert or merchandise sooner than they would spend it on themselves.
John Seabrook, The Song Machine: Inside the Hit Factory|You can get in a car in Maine and drive all the way to California and hear the same Top 40 songs on the same chain broadcasters,” bemoaned the report.
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|Free the fire fluttering inside her rib cage. Work her muscles, the bow, the violin, until she played herself to ash and embers and left the rest of the world behind to smolder.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|Country music was the most segregated kind of music in America, where even whites played jazz and even blacks sang in the opera. Something like country music was what lynch mobs must have enjoyed while stringing up their black victims. Country music was not necessarily lynching music, but no other music could be imagined as lynching’s accompaniment. Beethoven’s Ninth was the opus for Nazis, concentration camp commanders, and possibly President Truman as he contemplated atomizing Hiroshima, classical music the refined score for the high-minded extermination of brutish hordes. Country music was set to the more humble beat of the red-blooded, bloodthirsty American heartland.
Hayley Williams|when you come to a show do you feel the same thing that i feel when i’m on that stage? i mean, i know you’re not standing on the stage… but surely you can feel the same energy that i’m feeling, to some degree. it’s so much more powerful than all the trivial nonsense that people chalk our band up to be. it means something great and it feels empowering. it’s the grace of knowing that we can all totally suck and be a little messed up and then stand in a room with thousands of other people who are exactly the same way, no matter how dressed up they look on the outside, and we can be broken all the same.
Hermann Hesse, Gertrude|A melody occurs to you; you sing it silently, inwardly ... ; you steep your being in it; it takes possession of all your strength and emotions, and during the time it lives in you, it effaces all that is fortuitous, evil, coarse and sad in you; it brings the world into harmony with you, it makes burdens light and gives wings to the benumbed.
Nabil TOUSSI|alone, drinking coffee, listening to the playlist that include the songs that remember you with the best and bad moments of your life.what a hard emotional moment !!
Sam Cooke|Well that's very kind of you, but voices ought not be measured by how pretty they are. Instead they matter only if they convince you that they are telling the truth.
Hayley Williams|There’s still other songs that I think that would never be on the radio that get, it’s a different kind of response. Part II, there’s just nothing like that. That song will never be on a radio station. … that song doesn’t need that sort of following in order to connect.
Hermann Hesse, Gertrude|To hear for the duration of a heartbeat the universe and the totality of life in its mysterious, innate harmony.
Debasish Mridha|The music of kindness may be short lived, but its echoes are everlasting.
Liel Leibovitz|You feel the same hum at a Cohen concert that you do at a church or a synagogue, a feeling that emanates from the realization that the words and tunes you're about to hear represent the best efforts we humans can make to capture the mysteries that surround us, and that by listening and closing your eyes and singing along, you, too can somehow transcend.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you listen to music every day, you will strengthen your soul.
Anderson, Christie|The forlorn notes of Cristofori’s Dream replaced the eerie silence, sending a chill up my neck. The piano sang in desperation. Lamenting strings pierced the air as if grieving on my behalf. The notes edged through my mind, and I stared across the room, right through the beige wall to the void beyond. My eyes labored through nothingness, searching for the tiniest fragment of hope to no avail.
Emma Bullington|A Horse Lover's Guide To Music: Rock = Hoof Beats, Blues = Nostrils Flaring, Country = Pawing & Neighing, And You Could Keep Going...
Liel Leibovitz, A Broken Hallelujah: Rock and Roll, Redemption, and the Life of Leonard Cohen|Perhaps no line of Cohen’s better captures the essence of his vision. He is telling his listeners what prophetically inclined rabbis have been telling theirs for thousands of years, namely that the world is a place of suffering, that no celestial cataclysm could ever change that, but that there are things here on this earth - art, love, friendship, kindness, music, sex - that have the power to redeem us.
C.B. Cook, Twinepathy|I’d prefer silence and random jokes about the passing billboards and scenery, but I know how he likes music. I just hope he doesn’t start singing.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Like all other music, it breathed passion and pathos, and emotions high or tender, in a tongue native to the human heart, wherever educated.
Ernest Hemingway|The gypsies believe the bear to be a brother to man because he has the same body beneath his hide, because he drinks beer, because he enjoys music and because he likes to dance.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|If you would dance, my pretty Count, I'll play the tune on my little guitar..
Esther Dalseno, Drown|Music, it seemed, could appear in many voices, and had all of the emotions and array of vocabulary as a human..
David Levithan, Hold Me Closer: The Tiny Cooper Story|No, Tiny. Words. Passion. The danger of falling in love is you mistakenly believe the loved one is the only source of passion in your life. But there is passion everywhere. In music. In words. In the stories you tell and the stories you see. Find passion everywhere, and share it widely. Don't narrow it down to one thin line.
Emily Dickinson|Split the Lark—and you'll find the Music, Bulb after Bulb, in Silver rolled.
Lenny Breau|What I'm trying to do is make impressions. I think of myself as a colourist, adding different colours and shades by using different techniques and touching the guitar in different ways. I'd like to play sounds you can see if you've got your eyes closed.
Tabitha Suzuma, A Voice in the Distance|I dial her mum's number, then sit down cross-legged, facing the wall. When she comes on the line, she sounds uncertain, hesitant. 'Hey! Guess where I am?' I ask, my voice loud with false cheer. 'Rami told me. The Wellesly Hospital in Worthing. What's it like?' 'For a loony-bin it's actually quite decent,' I reply. 'I don't have Sky or an en-suite, and the menu isn't exactly à la carte, but you know...' I tail off. There is a silence. 'Do you have your own room?' Jenna asks, 'Oh yeah, yeah. I have a lovely view of the sea between the bars of my window.' She doesn't laugh. 'Have you started' -there is a pause as she searches for the right word -'threatment?''Yeah, yeah. We had group therapy today. Tomorrow we'll probably have art therapy - maybe I'll draw you a hourse and a garden. I know, perhaps they'll teach us to make baskets! Isn't that why they call us basket cases?''Flynn, stop,' Jennah softly implores.'And we'll probably have music therapy the day after. Maybe I'll get to play the tambourine. Or the triangle. I've always wanted to play the triangle!''Flynn-''No, I'm serious! I'll ask for some manuscript paper and see if I can write a composition for tambourine and triangle. Then I can post if off to you to hand in for my next composition assignment.''Flynn, listen-''Hold on, hold on! I'm making a note to myself now: Find fellow insane musician and start composing the Flynn Laukonen Sonata for Tambourine and Triangle.''Flynn-''And then, when they let me out, if they ever let me out, perhaps you could pull a few strigns and organize for me and my tambourine buddy to give a recital. I'm not sure where though -how about the subway at Marble Arch tube? Nice and central, good acoustics-''What are the other people like?' Jennah cuts in, an edge to her voice. I notice she doesn't use the word patients. Clever Jennah. For a moment there you almost made me forget I was locked up in a mental institution.'Round the bend, just like me,' I reply. 'I'm in excellent company. We'll be swapping suicide tips in no time at all!' I give a harsh laugh.
Bruno Schulz|And then as the knives and forks began to clank softly above the white tablecloths, the violins would rise alone, now suddenly mature although tentative and unsure just a short while before; slim and narrow-waisted, they eloquently proceeded with their task, took up again the lost human cause, and pleaded before the indifferent tribunal of stars, now set in a sky on which the shapes of the instruments floated like water signs or fragments of keys, unfinished lyres or swans, an imitatory, thoughtless starry commentary on the margin of music.
Leo Ornstein|Of all the arts, music is really the most abstract.
Leo Ornstein, Piano Works, 1913-1990|I would say that Op 31 had brought music just to the very edge … I just simply drew back and said, “beyond that lies complete chaos”.
Carrie Brownstein|Even then, I could still appreciate the moment of simply making sounds with a group of people. There is another place you go to in those instances, and it feels vast, refreshing, like you're creating your own air to breathe. And even though it's never going to happen again and there's a palpable sense of mediocrity, there's still a connection that you wouldn't have otherwise, to the sound, to the people.
Keeper Peace|Lose yourself in the music, not the fog
Brenda Sutton Rose, Dogwood Blues|As he farmed, hard labor left his hands callused, the sun bleached his hair, his face leathered, and his heart throbbed with music.
Stephanie Lahart|MUSIC is, can, and will.
John Mark Green|His heart was like a battered guitar; worn and scuffed from a life spentout on the road, but still capableof bringing forth beautiful music.
Steven Erikson|Dour music has its own beauty, for the song of ruin is most fertile.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With a good music and a good dance, you enhance your physical, emotional, spiritual and mental well-being.
Adam Young|Sailboats with they were stars, floating softly through the sky, among our dreams that pay goodbye.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Every now and then when I feel the doubt, I look inside myself and I see the way. The whole world full of possibilities. So you could be you and I could be me.
Brenna Ehrlich, Placid Girl|When I was your age, I would go to plays all the time, just sit in the darkness and try to take it all in inside me. Contain everything in some corner of my heart so that when I had my shot, it could all come pouring out - all the lights and moments and colour.
Agatha Christie|My flute, M. Poirot, is my oldest companion. When everything else fails, music remains.
Brenna Ehrlich, Placid Girl|All my memories are things I gave away, traded for new days after days after days...
Danika Stone, Intaglio: The Snake and the Coins|I think sometimes in artwork or writing or music, you discover something that just needs to be created. It’s not even something that you want to create... You’re just pulled into it like an instrument. Like you’re part of a bigger plan.
David Byrne|According to the science writer Philip Ball, when it was pointed out to musicologist Deryck Cookethat Slavic and much Spanish music use minor keys for happy music, he claimed that their liveswere so hard that they didn’t really know what happiness was anyway.
Armando Iannucci|Any performer tries to perform music as if for the first time, with all that energy and excitement that comes from discovering a new piece--maybe trying to recreate the memory of falling in love with a piece when hearing it first as a child--and just as people regularly say of a brilliant conductor that they seem to conduct as if recreating the energy an audience must have felt when the piece was first played decades, even centuries, before, so too I think we need to communicate our knowledge with the passion we first encountered as children.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We are all beautiful instruments of God. He created many notes in music so that we would not be stuck playing the same song. Be music always. Keep changing the keys, tones, pitch, and volume of each of the songs you create along your journey and play on. Nobody will ever reach ultimate perfection in this lifetime, but trying to achieve it is a full-time job. Start now and don't stop. Make your book of life a musical. Never abandon obligations, but have fun leaving behind a colorful legacy. Never allow anybody to be the composer of your own destiny. Take control of your life, and never allow limitations implanted by society, tell you how your music is supposed to sound — or how your book is supposed to be written.
Mitch Albom, The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto|One must indeed test the strings to this life, bounce the bow, wet the mouthpiece, prepare for the deeper music that follows.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If life throws you a few bad notes, don't let them interrupt your song.
Rashod Ollison, Soul Serenade: Rhythm, Blues & Coming of Age Through Vinyl|All the men in Daddy's records sang of love with drastically imbalanced emotion. In the span of three minutes, they begged for it and kicked it to the curb. They turned to anybody, even to God, with a perpetual request: Please send me someone to love. But once they got it, love scrambled them.
Joni Mitchell|In search of love and music my whole life has beenIlluminationCorruptionAnd diving, diving, diving, diving down To pick up on every shiny thing
Leonard Wibberley|I made the valuable discovery that practicing wasn't a matter of time at all. It was a matter of intensity. Five minutes spent working consciously and hard at the elimination of an error, was worth five hours just playing away ignoring errors as if they hadn't happened.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Make your book of life a musical. Never abandon obligations, but have fun leaving behind a colorful legacy. Never allow anybody to be the composer of your own destiny. Take control of your life, and never allow limitations implanted by society tell you how your music is supposed to sound — or how your book is supposed to be written.
L.J. Smith, Secret Vampire|She let herself fall backwards into the music, and it was like falling in a dream, without fear.It was like being a raindrop falling into the ocean that had started you.
Rashod Ollison, Soul Serenade: Rhythm, Blues & Coming of Age Through Vinyl|And there were the warm spaces in the music I loved the most, openings through which I could enter and lay my burdens down. There, behind the groove and riding on the melody, I was complete and free.
George Santayana|Music is essentially useless, as life is.
Beau North, Longbourn's Songbird|Your pain is your own until you put it to music, then it belongs to everyone. You'll find it lightens the load.
Rob Sheffield|That Jim Morrison song gets it all wrong. People are strange when you’re a stranger, but it’s not because they ignore you—it’s when they notice you and smile, that’s when you realize you’re alone out here. Their kindness is what makes you notice how weak you are. That’s when you know it’s not the city’s fault, it’s yours. These people are in the same strange town, but they’re not letting the strangeness eat them up and turn them into robots. That’s just you.
Rob Sheffield, Turn Around Bright Eyes: The Rituals of Love & Karaoke|There’s only the one, see. When you fall in love with a girl, she’s the bloody White Album. That is what you whisper to yourself, when you don’t understand her at all. You just keep telling yourself, she’s the bloody Beatles White Album and there’s only one of her.
Anne Rice, The Queen of the Damned|The music as always had a dark sweet luster, but it was more than ever like an endless beginning-a theme ever building to a climax which would never come.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Good music, good life.
Eustace Mandeville Wetenhall Tillyard, The Elizabethan World Picture|Nothing exists without music; for the universe itself is said to have been framed by a kind of harmony of sounds, and the heaven itself revolves under the tones of that harmony.
David Nicholls|Over-familiar, the music has become a kind of audio-Valium, background music rather than something I listen to actively and attentively. A gin and tonic after a long day. A shame, I think, because while each note remains the same, I used to hear them differently. It used to sound better.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Beautiful Struggle: A Father, Two Sons and an Unlikely Road to Manhood|In those years, hip-hop saved my life. I was still half alien to the people around me. I loved them, mostly because I'd realized that there was no other choice. Hip-hop gave me a common language, but that August, on liberated land, I found that there were other ways of speaking, a mother tongue that, no matter age, no matter interest, lived in us all.
Norton Juster|And Milo, full of thoughts and questions, curled up on the pages of tomorrow's music and eagerly awaited the dawn.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|As I fingered my way through the songs, I felt my worries slough away. My music has always been the best remedy for my dark moods. As I sang, even my bruises seemed to pain me less.
Eva Ibbotson, A Company of Swans|There are those who dance the notes, and those who dance the music.
Sneha Abraham|In music, push yourself but not too hard; if you play too many sharps you may cut your fingers.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You can begin to dream, to love, to dance, to read, to sing, to study, to paint, to teach, to draw, to swim, to exercise, to write….!
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you move faster than the music, it will look strange; if you move slower than the music, it will look strange! Be like autumn leaves which follow exactly the rhythm of the wind!
Marshall McLuhan, The Medium is the Massage|The ear favours no particular “point of view.”We are enveloped by sound.It forms a seamless web around us.We say, “Music shall fill the air.” We never say, “Music shall fill a particular segment of the air.”We hear sounds from everywhere, without ever having to focus. Sounds come from “above,” from “below,” from in “front” of us, from “behind” us, from our “right,” from our “left.”We can‘t shut out sound automatically. We simply are not equipped with earlids.Where a visual space is an organised continuum of a uniformed connected kind, the ear world is a world of simultaneous relationships.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more we give of ourself, the more we find ourself.
Kat Green, Strings|Luke, shut up. Yes, he could give me everything material," - she rested her hand over his heart - "but he couldn't give me this." She smiled at him, yet she was still tearful. "It wouldn't matter if you don't make another penny from music. We could be living in a cardboard box and begging, I don't care. I just want you, nothing else.""I love you so much it hurts," Luke whispered.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Genius is when you strike a chord accidently, and the ensuing music is beyond your control
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|This music ebbs and flows, irregular, sad. It reminds me, weirdly, of watching the ocean during a bad storm, the lashing, crashing waves and the spray of sea foam against the docks; the way it takes your breath away, the power and the hugeness of it.That’s exactly what happens as I listen to the music, as I come up over the final crest of hill, and the half-ruined barn and collapsing farmhouse fan out in front of me, just as the music swells, a wave about to break: The breath leaves my body all at once, and I’m struck dumb by the beauty of it. For a second it seems to me like I really am looking down at the ocean—a sea of people, writhing and dancing in the light spilling down from the barn like shadows twisting up around a flame.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Strains of music spring up, crystallizing in the night air like rain turning suddenly to snow, drifting to earth.
Richard Powers, Orfeo|We will not sleep, but will all be changed, in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye. You'll see me again. But you'll never know when. Hear that shifting, ambiguous rhythm, that promise of all things possible, and the ear is on its way to being free.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|I feel as though I’m in a dream, where strange things are happening but they don’t feel strange. Everything is cloudy—everything is wrapped in a fog—and I’m filled from head to toe with the single, burning desire to get closer to the music, to hear the music better, for the music to go on and on and on.
Kostis Palamas|Music becomes flesh and thrives in a new world, a new man . . .He, the last-born, son of music and love, shall arise in triumph over an ample land, prophet of a soul yet more ample . . .
Richard Hell|Basically, I have one feeling... the desire to get out of here. And any other feelings I have come from trying to analyze, you know, why I want to go away... See, I always feel uncomfortable and I just want to... walk out of the room. It's not going to any other place or any other sensation, or anything like that, it's just to get out of 'here'.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|As soon as she sees me she swings forward and hits a key on her keyboard. The music cuts off instantly. Strangely, the silence that follows seems just as loud.
Deborah Meyler, The Bookstore|Music is like poetry, It can stop you thinking. But it can also open you up.
Jessica Pallington West, What Would Keith Richards Do?: Daily Affirmations from a Rock and Roll Survivor|Keith Richards on change—"It's gotta go up and down. Otherwise, you won't know the difference. It would be just a bland, straight line, like lookin' at a heart machine. And when that straight line happens, baby, you're dead.
Bob Dylan, Lyrics, 1962-1985|She's got everything she needs; she's an artist, she don't look back.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Swiftly Tilting Planet|Charles Wallace and the unicorn moved through the time-spinning reaches of a far glazy, and he realized that the galaxy itself was part of a mighty orchestra, and each star and planet within the galaxy added its own instrument to the music of the spheres. As long as the ancient harmonies were sung, the universe would not entirely lose its joy.
Samuel R. Delany|All life is a rhythm,” she said as I sat up. “All death is a rhythm suspended, a syncopation before liferesumes.
Elaine  White, Clef Notes|He cupped her face and held her still, as he looked into her brown eyes; she was all flash and no bang. She talked big, but when it came down to it, she was a simple girl.
Elaine  White, Clef Notes|This was a great idea; he needed to go into tonight knowing that this was the last time he would ever be with Barry. He needed to savour it and enjoy it, to lock it tight in his memories, so that he would never forget how it felt to be with him.This would be his final goodbye.~ A Case of the Ex
Carolina De Robertis, The Gods of Tango|She didn't mind the sacrifice. It seemed enough for a life, to give yourself to music the way nuns give themselves to God. To vow. To surrender. Only music, after all, made life bearable. Only with music did she feel--what was it? Free? Happy? No, it was something else. Awake.
Elaine  White, Clef Notes|Get your sticky fingers away from my cookies,” Ben ordered, without turning his head, to see Jaxton trying to steal one from the cooking tray.“You weren't saying that last night,” Jaxton retaliated, coming up to Ben's side, to give him a nudge. They were both smiling, while looking down at the counter, where Ben was making his delicious rosemary cookies. “In fact, I seem to remember you grabbing my sticky fingers and putting them in your mouth,” he teased, speaking quietly, so that Lyon wouldn't hear them at the other side of the room.Ben turned to Jaxton and abandoned his baking, to catch his face in flour covered hands and plant a deep kiss on his lips.Jaxton opened his mouth, in acceptance of his kiss.~ From the Heart
Manasa Rao|I was four when I started learning Music. I still remember my first vocal class where I tried telling my mother that I can never get it right. I am glad she made me stick with it because she already knew what makes me happy even before I did. And eventually I realize, that everyone has that point in life where we hit crossroads, had bunch of bad days and there's different ways to deal with it. And the way I dealt with it was I just turned to Music.
Elaine  White, Clef Notes|Jaxton smiled and caught his hand, holding it tight in both of his. “Are you burnt out? Is it all too much?” he asked, getting straight to the root of the matter, in one go.“Yes,” he sighed, hating that it was true.“Then you'll stay home.”“You know I can't. It's impossible,” Roman complained about the unfairness of it all.He was due to return to the studio in two days times, to finalise the tracks he'd recorded yesterday. Then he had to sit down with Jalen next week, to pick out a new piece of his artwork for the next album cover. And two weeks after that, he had three interviews with three different music channels, to film.“Try telling that to Ben.” Jaxton winked at him, then ducked down to kiss him.~ From the Heart
Eraldo Banovac|People can enjoy music everywhere. Therefore, music is more than a giftbecause it represents a unique form of human freedom.
Elaine  White, Clef Notes|Chocolate makes everything better, in the end,” he announced, and Thayer fully agreed.Thayer gave him a smile of gratitude and watched Castel lift his spoon from the saucer. He dipped it, gracefully, into his coffee and gave it a light stir.“Too many people rush to stir such delicate flavours. Take too long and they will clog together to become a lump of bitterness in your coffee. But take your time and be gentle with them,” Castel explained, quietly, “and they will create a symphony of flavours, to melt in your mouth,” he said, leaning down, just until his nose was over his cup, to take a long inhale. He smiled and straightened, extracting the spoon to place it back on his saucer. “Now try it.”Thayer took a sip and almost felt his toes curl at the luxurious taste.~ Cinnamon Kiss
Elaine  White, Clef Notes|He was getting undressed and it snapped something inside of him that had been drawing taut, ready to break for months.“I'm hungry, Bruno,” he said, in a soft voice, as he removed the shirt from his broad shoulders, revealing a perfect sight of smooth dark skin. “I can't wait for dinner,” he continued, with a smile.When he put his hands to the fastening of his trousers, Bruno let out a sigh and put the take out menus on the counter. He couldn't look at him, because he knew Lyon was trying to seduce him on purpose. He didn't want to talk or hear him out or spend time with him that didn't end with an orgasm.“I can't do this anymore,” Bruno confessed, quietly.
Carolina De Robertis, The Gods of Tango|It was her grandfather who'd told her the tale of this particular violin, over and over, as if the telling could stave off loss, as if the weight and scope of human history were not found in books or in those mythic universities in Rome and Naples that no one in their village had ever seen but, rather, were encoded in objects like this one, a violin touched by hundreds of hands, loved, used, stroked, pressed, made to outlive its owners, storing their secrets and lies
Carolina De Robertis, The Gods of Tango|That's what happens to melodies: they get lost in the air. Just like memories. And the body. Memories and melodies and the body dissolve after we die. A musical instrument is not like the body, not at all: like the soul, it carries on.
Carolina De Robertis, The Gods of Tango|He does not look at the dancers, does not acknowledge her, sitting and staring. He is steeped in a private aural world. He drew out longer notes than her papa ever had; he was more forceful with the bow; she hadn't known the violin contained such wildness. She was reminded of the tarantella, which skipped along its notes and pulled you upward; out of yourself, come and play! But these pieces, these tangos, didn't only lift; they also plunged you downward, deep inside yourself, to the unexamined corners of your heart. Come, they whispered, come and look, see what's here and dance with it, this is music too.
Carolina De Robertis, The Gods of Tango|As if music could be crushed like a condemned building or a stubborn anarchist. But it could not. It always rose and returned, vital, immense, fortified by new instruments, new shapes, new musicians crazy enough to give their lives to it like underground, unsanctioned priests.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|In this vast cosmic orchestra, peace is the music of every heart. Our glory lies in understanding, listening and honoring that music.
Susan Ee, End of Days|The feedback from the speakers changes and begins blasting death metal music so loudly into the sky that I swear the bridge suspensions are vibrating.The twins were in charge of the music selection.I catch sight of them on the side of the bridge, each with an arm raised, holding up their forefingers and pinkies in a devil sign, head-banging to the beat. They’re mouthing the words to the garbled voice screaming over the intense electric guitar and drums blasting out of the speakers. They might look pretty badass if it weren’t for their hobo clown outfits.It’s the loudest party the Bay Area has ever heard.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Creativity is the most supreme form of love. When it flows from any heart flooded by truth and light, it can change all those who encounter its seductive vibrations.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|He turned the crank handles, hoping the thing wouldn’t explode in his face. A few clear tones rang out-metallic yet warm. Leo manipulated the levers and gears. He recognized the song that sprang forth-the same wistful melody Calypso sang for him on Ogygia about homesickness and longing. But through the strings of the brass cone, the tune sounded even sadder, like a machine with a broken heart-the way Festus might sound if he could sing.Leo forgot Apollo was there. He played the song all the way through. When he was done, his eyes stung. He could almost smell the fresh-baked bread from Calypso’s kitchen. He could taste the only kiss she’d ever given him.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The world needs great inspires, who will encourage every living soul to reach their highest potential. You can be one.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Music is my enchanter, the seducer of my emotions, the fire and ice that moves me.
Ann Beattie|Nothing is so lovely as a quietly snoring dog and some evening Brahms, as you sit in a comfortably overstuffed chair with your feet on the footstool.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|Holiness begins in our minds and works out to our actions. This being true, what we allow to enter our minds is critically important. The television programs we watch, the movies we may attend, the books and magazines we read, the music we listen to, and the conversations we have all affect our minds.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|I've lived all these years among those who create nothing and change nothing,' I said. 'Actors and musicians-they're saints to me.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|And this notion of the meaninglessness of our lives here began to enflame us.I took up the theme again that music and acting were good because they drove back chaos. Chaos was the meaninglessness of day-to-day life, and if we were to die now, our lives would have been nothing but meaninglessness.
Criss Jami, Healology|Every category has its snobs: music, books, movies. There are so many things a man is only pressured into liking or disliking.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Any form of art can be known only in deep silence, to be in silence is to be receptive - No sooner you become receptive, you become woman, it has nothing to do with gender, its a quality, which is why woman is epitome of Receptivity!
M.T. Anderson|It meant different things to different people, but somehow it meant them all intensely. Shostakovich's words just confuse the issue. His symphony itself is what remains. Listen to it. It is your symphony to write with him.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|You know that I immerse myself in music, so to speak— that I think about it all day long— that I like experimenting— studying— reflecting.
Sarah J. Maas|Aelin sighed. 'This place has been shut down for months, and yet I swear I can still hear the music floating in the air.'Rowan angled his head, studying the dark with those immortal senses. 'Perhaps the music does live on, in some form.'The thought made her eyes sting.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|Musicians do not get on stage without hearing the song singing inside of them. Poets do not write as if they are jotting down a sermon, they see everything in their subconscious before presenting it to the conscious, which they later turn to  readable materials. Artist do not draw and paint without painting in dream states, trance, or see an art form that others do not see. Being creative does not calls for being any supernatural entity, but in creating with the entities inside of you.
James Rozoff|Forget scientists. The next space launch we should send up painters, poets and musicians. I’d be more interested in what they discover than anything that takes place in a test tube.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|I knew a young fellow once, who was studying to play the bagpipes, and you would be surprised at the amount of opposition he had to contend with. Why, not even from the members of his own family did he receive what you could call active encouragement. His father was dead against the business from the beginning, and spoke quite unfeelingly on the subject.My friend used to get up early in the morning to practise, but he had to give that plan up, because of his sister. She was somewhat religiously inclined, and she said it seemed such an awful thing to begin the day like that.So he sat up at night instead, and played after the family had gone to bed, but that did not do, as it got the house such a bad name. People, going home late, would stop outside to listen, and then put it about all over the town, the next morning, that a fearful murder had been committed at Mr. Jefferson's the night before; and would describe how they had heard the victim's shrieks and the brutal oaths and curses of the murderer, followed by the prayer for mercy, and the last dying gurgle of the corpse.So they let him practise in the day-time, in the back-kitchen with all the doors shut; but his more successful passages could generally be heard in the sitting-room, in spite of these precautions, and would affect his mother almost to tears.She said it put her in mind of her poor father (he had been swallowed by a shark, poor man, while bathing off the coast of New Guinea - where the connection came in, she could not explain).Then they knocked up a little place for him at the bottom of the garden, about quarter of a mile from the house, and made him take the machine down there when he wanted to work it; and sometimes a visitor would come to the house who knew nothing of the matter, and they would forget to tell him all about it, and caution him, and he would go out for a stroll round the garden and suddenly get within earshot of those bagpipes, without being prepared for it, or knowing what it was. If he were a man of strong mind, it only gave him fits; but a person of mere average intellect it usually sent mad.
Dean Koontz, The City|I'd always had an ear for beauty, and maybe I'd had an eye for it as well, but until that day, I'd not recognized that the truth in great music could be found also in great art, that the heart could be lifted and the mind sharpened equally by both.
Christina Lauren, Dark Wild Night|Steve Perry versus Arnel Pineda. At his confused expression, I explain, "The guy on YouTube who gained a following for covering Journey songs...then eventually became the new lead singer for the band?
Andreï Makine|I have just awoken, having dreamed of music. The final chord fades away within me while I try to focus on individuals amid the living, breathing mass packed into this vast waiting room, in this mixture of sleep and weariness.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|In paintings, music, poetry, architecture, we feel the elusive energy that moves through us and the air and the ground all the time, that usually disperses and turns chaotic in our busy-ness and distractedness and moodiness. Artists channel it, corral it, make it visible to the rest of us. The best works of art are like semaphores of our experience, signaling what we didn't know was true but do now.
April Mae Monterrosa|Music helps us drift away to places of tranquility, happiness, sadness, & imagination.
Vivien Shotwell, Vienna Nocturne|The only times she ever felt at peace now were at his concerts. Then she could sit quietly, watching him, and sate her heart. In his music was where he lived and revived, and where she'd first loved him. And she knew, always, always when she was there, that he played for her.
Vivien Shotwell, Vienna Nocturne|They were strong singers, with swift minds and open good humor--arrogant enough to think they could stand on a stage and dogged enough to have done the work to get there.
Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures|And one day Amber takes her troll’s dinner down to the cave and finds him—” Rock waved his hands in vague yet thoroughly descriptive motions “—with another lady troll. So she go home and get her club and come back and beat him to death, thump, thump, thump. ’Cos he was her troll and he done her wrong. Is very romantic song.
Criss Jami, Healology|Man's delight in the Lord is the absolute peak of human triumph. He praises God when full of joy, and when not, he praises God to become full of joy. For to know and to live as though God is worthy of all praise, in all one's circumstances, whether seemingly good or seemingly bad, is the primary definition of joy and the richest triumph for man under God.
Tom Rosenthal|I took a road that wasn't the road, but it was something I chose and that's fine.
Alexander R. Galloway|Often interfaces are assumed to be synonymous with media itself. But what would it mean to say that “interface” and “media” are two names for the same thing? The answer is found in the remediation or layer model of media, broached already in the introduction, wherein media are essentially nothing but formal containers housing other pieces of media. This is a claim most clearly elaborated on the opening pages of Marshall McLuhan’s Understanding Media. McLuhan liked to articulate this claim in terms of media history: a new medium is invented, and as such its role is as a container for a previous media format. So, film is invented at the tail end of the nineteenth century as a container for photography, music, and various theatrical formats like vaudeville. What is video but a container for film. What is the Web but a container for text, image, video clips, and so on. Like the layers of an onion, one format encircles another, and it is media all the way down. This definition is well-established today, and it is a very short leap from there to the idea of interface, for the interface becomes the point of transition between different mediatic layers within any nested system. The interface is an “agitation” or generative friction between different formats. In computer science, this happens very literally; an “interface” is the name given to the way in which one glob of code can interact with another. Since any given format finds its identity merely in the fact that it is a container for another format, the concept of interface and medium quickly collapse into one and the same thing.
Lauren DeStefano, A Curious Tale of the In-Between|The clouds took on the shape of dancers; from somewhere far off, Pram heard music before the clouds became normal again.
Michelle Franklin|Attracting musicians is rather like inviting flies over to tea: they are tolerable for half an hour, but when they begin to touch the food, you either wish they would go home or die.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|George got out his banjo after supper, and wanted to play it, but Harris objected: he said he had got a headache, and did not feel strong enough to stand it. George thought the music might do him good - said music often soothed the nerves and took away a headache; and he twanged two or three notes, just to show Harris what it was like.Harris said he would rather have the headache.
Douglas Adams|Such music", he said. "I'm not religious, but if I were I would say it was like a glimpse into the mind of God. Perhaps it was and i ought to be religious. I have to keep reminding myself that they didn't create the music, they only created the instrument which could read the score. And the score was life itself. And it's all up there".
Ben Aaronovitch, Whispers Under Ground|We stopped and listened. Just on the cusp of hearing I detected a rhythmic pounding, more a vibration in the concrete than a sound.'Drums,' I said and then because I couldn't resist it. 'Drums in the deep.''Drum and Bass in the deep,' said Kumar.
Hunter Murphy, Imogene in New Orleans|The wild notes of tuba and trumpet and trombone rattled and hummed through the trees. In the first group of musicians, there were kids as young as fourteen playing the tuba and one kid who probably couldn’t drive banging a bass drum. They stomped together in rhythm to the music. Two ladies had dressed up in what looked like princess outfits. They wore white gloves and socks with tassels.
Randall E. Auxier|Bass players share a secret fellowship, a sort of gnosis peculiar to their breed, a kind of smart that is hard for others to recognize or understand: the art of the whole sound. Bass players actually believe in musical epistemology, they are practitioners of musical metaphysics.
The Weeknd|I usually don't like to 'spoon feed' my audience, because I grew up idolizing story tellers who tell stories using symbolism, so it was in my nature to do the same.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|She felt the adagio from Joaquin Rodrigo’s Concierto de Aranjuez strumming at her inner thighs like a guitar, and then slowly moving upwards until it wrapped around her heart in its denouement.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone.Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.
John Ashbery|Walter Pater said that all the arts aspire to the condition of music, but I’ve always felt that music aspires to the condition of words.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|They scattered with no melody, no harmony, no rhythm to hold them. If music was emotion and emotion came from thought, then this was the scream of chaos, of the irrational, of the helpless, of man’s self-abdication.
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|There’s magic and metaphors in music superior to any other art form. An exquisite alchemy is involved in mixing pieces of your self and soul into the precisely perfect blend of harmonies, melodies, and lyrics that strike a chord.
Richie Gerber, Jazz: America's Gift: From Its Birth to George Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue & Beyond|In Jazz, like in America, the group works together toward a common cause with lots of room left for each individual to shine.
Ian McEwan|Clive was losing sensation in his feet, and as he stamped them the rhythm gave him back the ten note falling figure, ritardando, a cor anglais, and rising softly against it, contrapuntally, cellos in mirror image. Her face in it. The end.
Amber Run|I don't wanna be the center of anything, just a part of something bigger.
Eilian J. Richmond, Glum: A story of music, love and mental illness... but not necessarily in that order.|I know about dance, like the creationist knows about science, and typically treat it with a similar contempt
Caleb Longbons|Music is power, literally. You hear a certain note, or a rhythm that really clicks, and boom! You’ve got a song. Maybe only in your head. But when you’ve got the idea, the song flows out through your fingers. Nothing else does that.
Ray Palla, SIMPLE TRIPLE STANDARD|We enjoy talking about music, politics, and subjugation. —Kinky Friedman to Night Rider on KOKE-FM
Jason Medina, A Ghost In New Orleans|It seemed each band member was in his own world. Yet, each was in tune with the other.
Sixeye|Music heals the soul, we kneel to the fallen.
David Mitchell|In the Belgian backwaters, south of Bruges, there lives a reclusive English composer, named Vyvyan Ayrs. You won’t have heard of him because you’re a musical oaf, but he’s one of the greats.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|Part of my music is being alone, having that time to shut down all other noises to hear the tune underneath.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|A voice said: One. One. One, two. One, two. Then the footsteps went back into the distance. After a while, another voice said: One, two, three, four- And the universe came into being. It was wrong to call it a big bang. That would just be noise, and all that noise could create is more noise and a cosmos full of random particles. Matter exploded into being, apparently as chaos, but in fact as a chord. The ultimate power chord. Everything, all together, streaming out in one huge rush that contained within itself, like reverse fossils, everything that it was going to be. And, zigzagging through the expanding cloud, alive, that first wild live music. This had shape. It had spin. It had rhythm. It had a beat, and you could dance to it. Everything did.
Crystal Woods, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|People are like songs to me. About 60 seconds in, I'll know whether or not to add them to my 'favorites.
Criss Jami, Healology|There are 2 kinds of artists, essentially: those who want to make something popular, and those who want to make something dignified. But then there is still that rare hybrid case, and perhaps by that unintentional stroke of genius, in which one's work uncontrollably becomes both popular and dignified yet beyond its time.
Lorde|Maybe the internet raised us, or maybe people are jerks.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Music promotes spiritual, physical and emotional well-being.
The Summer Set|Funny, cute and kissableI've found a girl that makes me lose controlEvery night's like the first nightNever gettin' old
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Major Works|And I have fitted up some chambers thereLooking towards the golden Eastern air,And level with the living winds, which flowLike waves above the living waves below.—I have sent books and music there, and allThose instruments with which high spirits callThe future from its cradle, and the pastOut of its grave, and make the present lastIn thoughts and joys which sleep, but cannot die,Folded within their own eternity.
The Summer Set|Yeah,You rocked my world foreverI know you still rememberHow we felt beforeYeah,We should be together'Cause nothing could be betterThan the way we wereBaby, let's go back to the way we wereLet's turn back the clockThis time we'll take it slowYou can stay the night,This time I won't let goAnd when the morning comes,We can start all over, over againWhy did we say goodbye?Let's go back tonight
Navnath Godse|Music is the only truth that everyone do listen, feels, believes and loves.
Chris Heath|Another interview, some more personal philosophy shared with the people of Japan:“You are in favour with women,” he is told. “Do you have any secret to be sexy?”“Yeah”, he answers. “Get famous and rich. Yeah, If you’re famous and rich, you become better-looking instantly. In fact, I’m quite an average guy but it’s what people think I’ve got that makes me sexy, it’s not what I actually have.”<…>“It’s 50 percent of what you’ve got and 50 percent of what people think you’ve got that makes you sexy… Yeah, I’m rich. That makes me sexy. Sexy’s in the eye of the beholder. I don’t fancy me much. They’ve got the perception that I’m a bit of a wild one, and I think people like to think they can tame you.
Elizabeth Hellmuth Margulis, On Repeat: How Music Plays the Mind|Repetition draws us into music, and repetition draws music into us.
The Summer Set|Oh, the truth I must tellIs I'm lonely as hellStill looking for myself
Charles Rosen|A love of classical music is only partially a natural response to hearing the works performed; it also must come about by a decision to listen carefully, to pay close attention, a decision inevitably motivated by the cultural and social prestige of the art.
Edward O. Sisson|Every man whose tastes have been allowed to develop in wrong directions, or in whom the best tastes have failed of higher perfection, loses thereby from the inner joy and outer value of his whole life. Every good taste is a source and guarantee of happy healthy hours and days, and thus of the enrichment and elevation of life. A reasonable capacity to appreciate music and art quite suffices to enrich life and exercise a wholesome influence upon character. The taste for good reading is inseparable from a taste for good thinking.
Alaska Gold, Growing Light|If the boy who drawslets you look over his shoulder.If the poetsmilesand shows you her words.If the girl who sings for the shower only,hums a songin front of you.Know that you’re no longer a personbut the airand dustthat fills their lungs.When the world perishes,and all things cease to exist,you’ll remain inside an ink stain,a paint brush,a song.Poem N. 8
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|All people are musicians" Wit countered. "The question is whether or not they share their songs.
Real Friends|I said I'm selfish, I'm a liar and I'm brokenShit runs through my head every day that I would never tell anyoneYou're just like meThe only difference is that I'm honest enough to scream my flaws in the lines of this song
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|I like music,' she said slowly, 'because when I hear it, I...I lose myself within myself if that makes any sense. I become empty and full all at once.
Ed Sheeran|Everything will be okay in the end. If it’s not okay, then it’s not the end.
Caisey Quinn, Leaving Amarillo|That's the funny thing about music. Part of the magic, I quess. Sometimes it replenishes me, like I'm feeding off its energy and it fills me. And other times, it pulls at my pain, weaves its way through the strands of my soul and wrecks it".
Theodore Dalrymple|Music escapes ideological characterization. Just as there are some social scientists who believe that what cannot be measured does not truly exist, and some psychologists used to believe that consciousness does not exist because it cannot be observed by instruments, so ideologists find anything that escapes their conceptual framework threatening - because ideologists want a simple principle, or a few simple principles, by which all things may be judged. When I was a student, I lived with a hard-line dialectical materialist who said that Schubert was a typical petit bourgeois pessimist, whose music would die out once objective causes for pessimism ceased to exist. But I suspect that even he was not entirely happy with this formulation.
Kastle King|The best songs are written through our anger. Even though feelings change over time, our lyrics will always remain inside the song as a way of reminding us how far and how much stronger we've become since then.
All Time Low|I earned my place,With the tidal waves.I can't escape this feeling,That something ain't right.I called my nameAs I crashed the gates,Still I can't escape this feelingThat something ain't right.
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter, Walt and Vult, or The Twins|the flute is the true magical rod that changes all it touches in the inward world; an enchanter's wand at which the secret depths of the soul open. The inward world is the true world," said Vult; "the moonlight that shines into our hearts.
Ann Marie Frohoff|Embrace your journey and those who come across your path. Be gracious in your endeavors. Focus on your craft. Those who support your dreams now and feel your sincere humility and gratitude will be there 20, 30, 40 years from now, padding your old bones and time worn, weary soul.
Set it off|Fee-fi-fo-fum, you better run and hideI smell the blood of a petty little coward
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Watch out, every day miraculous encounter with you and God!
Richard J. Alley, Five Night Stand|Back then he'd hammered out rags as rough as the planks that made up that schoolhouse stage. Over the years he's taken a saw and rasp to those tunes and smoothed them at the edges, sanded them slowly over time with finer and finer grit paper, and applied a polish to them. The songs are comfortable now. People can take their shoes off to dance without fear of a spike in the foot; they can lie back on that smooth and waxed wood to take a nap in the afternoon or make love all night long. Oliver sees himself as a carpenter, a craftsman putting notes and melodies together, fitting them when they will, stepping back to rest and reconsider when they won't.
Mary Doria Russell, Doc|For he had never heard anything like it--did not know such music existed in the world--and it was hard to believe that a man he knew could play it with his own two hands. There were parts of it like birdsong, and parts like rolling thunder and hard rain, and parts that glittered like fresh snow when the sun comes out and it’s so cold the air takes your breath away. And parts were like a dust devil spinning past, or a cyclone on the horizon, and all of it cried out for words that he had only read in books and had never said aloud.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If every citizen should recite their national anthem daily, you will develop love to serve your country better.
Navnath Godse|Music is the truth that everyone do listen, feels, believes and loves.
Estelle Laure, This Raging Light|Music carries the weight of being human, takes it away so you don't have to think at all, you just have to listen. Music tells every story there is.
Ron Rash, Saints at the River|Not for the first time, it occurred to me that sorrow could be purified into song the same way a piece of coal is purified into a diamond.
Robert Schumann, Advice to Young Musicians|Look deeply into life, and study it as diligently as the other arts and sciences.
Unarine Ramaru|Art is the reflection of pure emotion and mind, the nature of sensation. An artist illustrates that.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|For the fact was drugs were not necessary to most of us, because the music, youth, sweaty bodies were enough. And if it was too hot, too humid to sleep the next day, and we awoke bathed in sweat, it did not matter: We remained in a state of animated suspension the whole hot day. We lived for music, we lived for Beauty, and we were poor. But we didn’t care where we were living, or what we had to do during the day to make it possible; eventually, if you waited long enough, you were finally standing before the mirror in that cheap room, looking at your face one last time, like an actor going onstage, before rushing out to walk in the door of that discotheque and see someone like Malone.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|They were bound together by a common love of a certain kind of music, physical beauty, and style—all the things one shouldn’t throw away an ounce of energy pursuing, and sometimes throw away a life pursuing.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|We lived only to dance. What was the true characteristic of a queen, I wondered later on; and you could argue that forever. “What do we all have in common in this group?” I once asked a friend seriously, when it occurred to me how slender, how immaterial, how ephemeral the bond was that joined us; and he responded, “We all have lips.” Perhaps that is what we all had in common: no one was allowed to be serious, except about the importance of music, the glory of faces seen in the crowd. We had our songs, we had our faces! We had our web belts and painter’s jeans, our dyed tank tops and haircuts, the plaid shirts, bomber jackets, jungle fatigues, the all-important shoes.
Robert Schumann, The Letters Of Robert Schumann|the study of jurisprudence, by which I must earn my bread, has so withered and frozen the flowers of my fancy that they will never again seek the light. (To his Mother, November 11, 1829)
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children|A bunch of bad songs, make an awful whine.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|For that is the curious quality of the discotheque after you have gone there a long time: in the midst of all the lights, and music, the bodies, the dancing, the drugs, you are stiller than still within, and though you go through the motions of dancing you are thinking a thousand disparate things. You find yourself listening to the lyrics, and you wonder what these people around you are doing. They seemed crazed to you. You stand there on a floor moving your hips, wondering if there is such a thing as love, and conscious for the very first time that it is three-twenty-five and the night only half-over. You put the popper to your nostril, you put a hand out to lightly touch the sweaty, rigid stomach of the man dancing next to you, your own chest is streaming with sweat in that hot room, and you are thinking, as grave as a judge: What will I do with my life? What can any man do with his life? And you finally don’t know where to rest your eyes. You don’t know where to look, as you dance. You have been expelled from the communion of the saints.
Unarine Ramaru|The purpose of music as an art form, is to engage the audience.
Kurt Cobain, Journals|Words suck. I mean, every thing has been said. I can't remember the last real interesting conversation I've had in a long time. Words aren't as important as the energy derived from music, especially live.
Kurt Cobain|Music is energy. A mood, atmosphere. Feeling.
Kurt Cobain, Journals|Do your own thing. Others own their own thing. If you copy too much, you'll find yourself in late night cocktail lounge cover band limbo.
Kurt Cobain, Journals|And I do, god, how I do love playing live, it's the most primal form of energy release you can share with other people besides having sex or taking drugs. So if you see a good live show on drugs and then later that evening have sex, you're basically covered all the bases of energy release, and we all need to let off steam. It's easier and safer than protesting abortion clinics or praising God or wanting to hurt your brother; so go to a show, dance around a bit and copulate.
Debasish Mridha|In the soul of a lover, it is always spring where flowers of ecstasy are always blooming. Music of love is always playing.
Kurt Cobain, Journals|I decided that in order to become a big famous rock star, I would need to write my very own songs instead of wasting my time learning other peoples music too much. It may act as an obstruction in developing your very own personal style.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Wind is the sacred music of the leaves; wherever and whenever the wind blows, over there leaves start their holy dancing frantically!
Brenda Sutton Rose|STAINSWith red clay between my toes,and the sun setting over my head,the ghost of my mother blows in,riding on a honeysuckle breeze, oh lord,riding on a honeysuckle breeze.Her teeth, the keys of a piano.I play her grinning ivory noteswith cadenced fumbling fingers,splattered with paint, textured with scars.A song rises up from the belly of my pastand rocks me in the bosom of buried memories.My mama’s dress bears the stains of her life:blueberries, blood, bleach, and breast milk;She cradles in her arms a lifetime of love and sorrow;Its brilliance nearly blinds me.My fingers tire, as though I've played this song for years.The tune swells red, dying around the edges of a setting sun.A magnolia breeze blows in strong, a heavenly taxi sent to carry my mother home. She will not say goodbye.For there is no truth in spoken farewells.I am pregnant with a poem,my life lost in its stanzas.My mama steps out of her dressand drops it, an inheritance falling to my feet.She stands alone: bathed, blooming,burdened with nothing of this world.Her body is naked and beautiful,her wings gray and scorched,her brown eyes piercing the brown of mine.I watch her departure, her flapping wings:She doesn’t look back, not even once,not even to whisper my name: Brenda.I lick the teeth of my piano mouth.With a painter’s hands,with a writer’s handswith rusty wrinkled hands,with hands soaked in the joys,the sorrows, the spillsof my mother’s life,I pick up eighty-one years of stainsAnd pull her dress over my head.Her stains look good on me.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Night Flight|Then, as tonight, he had felt lonely, but soon had learnt the bounty of such loneliness. The music had breathed to him its message, to him alone amongst these ordinary folk, whispered its gentle secret. And now the star. Across the shoulders of these people a voice was speaking to him in a tongue that he alone could understand".
Tony Iommi|They sounded really professional because they had two Vox AC 30 amplifiers. I also had an AC 30, so when you looked at it, three AC 30s, three Fenders - bloody hell, it must be a great band!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Every men create some sound. Be a melody in this universe not a noise! If you become a melody, the whole universe will listen to you!
Jenny B. Jones, There You'll Find Me|People everywhere, enjoying life, smiling, and just slowing down to let the world take care of itself for a few hours. The feeling was contagious. Especially when I stepped into McPherson's Pub to grab a bite of the special and listen to some traditional Irish music. The fiddle made me want to dance with myself, and many did. The drum beat like my very own heart. And some little flute that looked no wider than a pencil reminded me of the Aran Islands floating not too far from Abbeyglen.God was here tonight. In the strings of the guitar and the call of the singer's voice. I realize how often I overlook him back at home. And I know I don't want to do that anymore.The LORD will send His faithful love by day; His song will be with me in the night a prayer to the Gid of my life.
Richard Osborne, Rossini|The terms that Sforza Cesarini offered Rossini, 400 Roman Scudi, were not ungenerous, though it must have been galling for Rossini to see the Figaro, Luigi Zamboni, getting almost twice as much, and the Almaviva, Manuel Garcia, being offered three times the amount. Of the first-night cast, only the 'altro buffo', Bartolomeo Botticelli, who played Bartolo, and the 'seconda donna', Elisabetta Lowselet, who played Berta, were paid less than the composer.
Maria Herliana|When you die you will not bring any possessions, but you will be accompanied by the song up into heaven…
Megha Khare, Write like no one is reading 2|A culture which doesn't believe in region and religion is like a rock music, noise for old generation & nirvana for the young ones.
Joe Boyd|I never knew cocaine to improve anything. When the white lines came out, it was time to call it a night: the music could only get worse. If I joined in, the next day's playback would provide clear evidence of the deterioration of both the performances and of my critical ability to judge them. I suspect that the surge in cocaine's popularity explains - at least in part - why so many great sixties artists made such bad records in the following decade.
Maria Herliana|When my life changed, only music that doesn’t change from my life…
Maria Herliana|When I became insane, the music that calms me down…
Richard Osborne, Rossini|Wagner thought Rossini unserious; Rossini thought Wagner 'lacked sun'. Wagner also became the butt of a phrase Rossini had used down the years to describe musicians about whom he had certain reservations - "He has some beautiful moments but some bad quarters of an hour!
Latif Mercado|I Don't Waste My Time Doing Crosswords, As My Life Is The Only Puzzle I Care To Resolve!
Ed Sheeran|Women who are into Lord of The Rings & The Hobbit are, like, the coolest people in the world
Shannon L. Alder|A brilliant mind was first a listener that observed the actions of the people that loved and hated them, then found a way to express their feelings, when real communication was lost.
Criss Jami, Healology|When there's music in your soul, there's soul in your music.
Joy Harjo, Suspended|I wanted to see everything. It was around the time I acquired language, or even before that time, when something happened that changed my relationship to the spin of the world. My concept of language, of what was possible with music was changed by this revelatory moment. It changed even the way I look at the sun.
Shannon L. Alder|There is no end to the things you don’t understand. The mind will search for a lie to give it an answer you can understand, but one song at the right time will challenge what you accept.
Latif Mercado|Thank God For Writing, As Now I Can Work Until My Last Breath!
Latif Mercado|You Can't Change Your Life... Until You Change Your Heart, and You Can't Change Your Heart... Until You Change Your Mind!
Robert Louis Stevenson|Literature, although it stands apart by reason of the great destiny and general use of its medium in the affairs of men, is yet an art like other arts. Of these we may distinguish two great classes: those arts, like sculpture, painting, acting, which are representative, or as used to be said very clumsily, imitative; and those, like architecture, music, and the dance, which are self-sufficient, and merely presentative.
Latif Mercado|It's Easy To Feel Like A Big Fish, When Your Pond is Just A Puddle!
Tool|This body, this body holding me. Be my reminder here that I am not alone in this body, this body holding me. Feeling eternal. All this pain is an illusion.
Latif Mercado|You Can't Be A Hero To The World, If Your Aren't First A Hero In Your Home!
Latif Mercado|To Me, The Best Part Of Success, Is The Journey!
Mark Twain|The poorest paid architect, engineer, general, author, sculptor, painter, lecturer, advocate, legislator, actor, preacher, singer is constructively in heaven when he is at work; and as for the musician with the fiddle-bow in his hand who sits in the midst of a great orchestra with the ebbing and flowing tides of divine sound washing over him--why, certainly, he is at work, if you wish to call it that, but lord, it's a sarcasm just the same.
Eleanor Catton|The saxophone is the cocaine of the woodwind family, the sax teacher continues. Saxophonists are admired because they are dangerous, because they have explored a darker, more sinister side of themselves.
Haruki Murakami|Rock and roll was my favorite, but before long I grew to enjoy Shinamoto's brand of classical music. This was music from another world, which had its appeal, but more than that I loved it because she was a part of that world.
Latif Mercado|My Friends I Will Always Remember, And My Enemies I Will Never Forget!
Latif Mercado|My Name Is Latif Mercado, And I Am... A Workaholic!
Latif Mercado|A Decision That Can Change Your Life Forever, Can Happen In Just One Second.
Latif Mercado|Don't Rush Up The Stairs, you Just Might Fall. Take it One Step At A Time!
Eleanor Catton, The Rehearsal|The saxophone does not speak that language. The saxophone speaks the language of the underground, the jaded melancholy of the half-light—grimy and sexy and sweaty and hard. It is the language of orphans and bastards and whores.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|... and I realise the only way to tell the others is through the way my voice can take these broken wordsand turn it into music. Turn it into poetry.And I sing to make myself come alive, but also for you,because I’d like this to mean something.To not disappear with the dark I will enter one day and so now I will tell.If not for you, then for my own heart,  because it tells me to,and I'm learning to listen.
Laini Taylor, Lips Touch: Three Times|And Esme remembered in a rush--the wolfsong, the haunting, lyrical spirals of it in the dawn quiet and the feeling of euphoria that had attended it. Even in recollection the howling uplifted her like the crescendo at the end of a symphony and made her heartbeat quicken.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|After that, I became kind of fascinated by her and by what I guessed was her ability to hear music in the silence. Back then, I'd wanted to be able to do that, too. So I took to watching her play, and though I told myself the reason for my attention was because she was as dedicated a musician as I was and that she was cute, the truth was that I also wanted to understand what she heard in the silence.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|She shakily rushed towards the car to find Alecto casually standing beside it, smoking a cigarette and staring fixedly on the radio as it played the song 'Draggin’ the Line' by Tommy James, his expression thoughtful. “What are you thinking about?” Mandy questioned.“Wouldn’t the world be a very loud place to live if we said everything we thought?” Alecto asked quietly.
Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady|I should think that to hear such lovely music as that would really make him feel better."The lady gave a discriminating smile.	“I am afraid there are moments in life when even Beethoven has nothing to say to us. We must admit, however, that they are our worst moments.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|They say the silence is the language of God, but so is music. This is why we dance, we become loud in our silence.
Mark Hewer|If silence is to be broken, let it be with the majesty of music.
Rita Dove|Three miles from my adopted city lies a village where I came to peace.The world there was a calm place, even the great Danube no more than a pale ribbon tossed onto the landscapeby a girl’s careless hand. Into this stillness I had been ordered to recover. The hills were gold with late summer;my rooms were two, plus a small kitchen, situated upstairs in the back of a cottage at the end of the Herrengasse. From my window I could see onto the courtyard where a linden tree twined skyward — leafy umbilicus canted toward light, warped in the very act of yearning —and I would feed on the sun as if that alone would dismantle the silence around me.At first I raged. Then music raged in me,	 rising so swiftly I could not write quickly enough to ease the roiling. I would stop to light a lamp, and whatever I’d missed — larks flying to nest, church bells, the shepherd’s home-toward-evening song — rushed in, and Iwould rage again. I am by nature a conflagration; I would rather leap than sit and be looked at.So when my proud city spread her gypsy skirts, I reentered, burning towards her greater, constant light.Call me rough, ill-tempered, slovenly— I tell you, every tenderness I have ever known has been nothing but thwarted violence, an ache so permanent and deep, the lightest touch awakens it. . . . It is impossible to care enough. I have returned with a second Symphony and 15 Piano Variationswhich I’ve named Prometheus,after the rogue Titan, the half-a-god who knew the worst sin is to take what cannot be given back.I smile and bow, and the world is loud. And though I dare not lean in to shout Can’t you see that I’m deaf? —I also cannot stop listening.
Seekerohan|Some songs are never just ordinary songs, they become the memories you collect in your life.
Alexander McCall Smith, The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency|She watched him take the trumpet from its case and fit the mouthpiece. She watched as he raised it to his lips and then, so suddenly, from that tiny cup of metal against his flesh, the sound would burst out like a glorious, brilliant knife dividing the air. And the little room would reverberate and the flies, jolted out of their torpor, would buzz round and round as if riding the swirling notes.
Rachel Hartman, Shadow Scale|I took a break, stretched, tried again, failed, kicked over the music stand (I am not proud of that), and wonder whether I had reached the limits of my musical ability. Maybe I'd never had any. Surely someone with a modicum of talent wouldn't have to work this hard.
David Byrne|It was a uniform that signified that one was a kind of downtown aesthete; not necessarily nihilistic, but a monk in the bohemian order.
William Faulkner|Yet even then the music has still a quality stern and implacable, deliberate and without passion so much as immolation, pleading, asking, for not love, not life, forbidding it to others, demanding in sonorous tones death as though death were the boon, like all Protestant music.
Elaine  White, The Cellist|Jaxton met his gaze for just a second, then scowled and turned away.The recognition in that look was painful; years of recollections and long forgottenemotions buzzed through his brain. Ashamed of the flare of attraction he'd just allowedhimself, he turned away and faked a smile.
Elaine  White, The Cellist|Jaxton hadn't changed, but he had. Maybe his old crush still hated him, but it shouldn'tmatter anymore. It didn't matter anymore. He was older, wiser and he had moved on. Jaxtonwas nothing more than an old high school crush.
Elaine  White, The Cellist|Jaxton hadn't changed, but he had. Maybe his old crush still hated him, but it shouldn't matter anymore. It didn't matter anymore. He was older, wiser and he had moved on. Jaxton was nothing more than an old high school crush.
Elaine  White, The Cellist|I remember him. Jaxton only knew I existed long enough to take the piss out of me. He certainly never liked me.” Roman sighed, giving his side of the story, though it was a slantedone. Only three people knew the real story; him, Jaxton and Ben, and it was far from the tale of bully and victim that Jaxton kept telling people.“Yeah, that's what he said,” Thayer agreed, with a laugh.Roman wasn't even surprised. Disappointed, but never surprised.
Elaine  White, The Cellist|Jaxton couldn't get his mind to settle on one thought, as he stared at the ground.Roman was here, after all these years. He was just a few steps away from him, talking and flirting with Thayer, as if the last six years had been nothing.Where had he been? Why did he leave? Why didn't he tell him where he was going, and why had he run off, without a word?Unable to focus his thoughts, he pushed them aside and ignored them. It was easier to pretend they didn't exist, than to face what they really meant.
Elaine  White, The Cellist|Even after six years, he was still turned on by the bastard, still desperate to kiss his lips and see how it felt to kiss him into submission, until he saw him as more than a loser geek.He wanted to taste his tongue, to touch his abs and stroke his cock; do all the things that it was so wrong to want to do to him. Wrong because of Ben, because of his love for Ben,because he barely knew Jaxton, back then and now.What the hell was wrong with him?
John Cage|After I had been studying with him for two years, Schoenberg said, "In order to write music, you must have a feeling for harmony." I explained to him that I had no feeling for harmony. He then said that I would always encounter an obstacle, that it would be as though I came to a wall through which I could not pass. I said, 'In that case I will devote my life to beating my head against that wall.
Latif Mercado|The Only Person I'm Prejudice Against, is The Lazy One!
Oprah Winfrey|Everyone wants to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Groucho Marx|While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.
Tupac Shakur|There’s no way that Michael Jackson or whoever Jackson should have a million thousand droople billion dollars and then there’s people starving. There’s no way! There’s no way that these people should own planes and there people don’t have houses. Apartments. Shacks. Drawers. Pants! I know you’re rich. I know you got 40 billion dollars, but can you just keep it to one house? You only need ONE house. And if you only got two kids, can you just keep it to two rooms? I mean why have 52 rooms and you know there’s somebody with no room?! It just don’t make sense to me. It don’t.
Dorothy Parker|Money cannot buy health, but I'd settle for a diamond-studdedwheelchair.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|I don't care if your dad is the Sultan of Brunei. You happened to be born into a privileged family. What you do with that truth is completely up to you. I'm here because I want to be with you. But if I didn't, all the money in the world wouldn't have changed my feelings for you.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Men|Simple, genuine goodness is the best capital to found the business of this life upon. It lasts when fame and money fail, and is the only riches we can take out of this world with us.
Oscar Wilde|There is only one class in the community that thinks more about money than the rich, and that is the poor.
Chuck Palahniuk, Diary|Angel says that rich people don't like to tolerate much. Money gives you permission to just walk away from everything that isn't pretty and perfect. You can't put up with anything less than lovely. You spend your life running, avoiding, escaping.
Gabriel García Márquez|No, not rich. I am a poor man with money, which is not the same thing.
H.L. Mencken|When somebody says it’s not about the money, it’s about the money.
Basil the Great|When someone steals another's clothes, we call them a thief. Should we not give the same name to one who could clothe the naked and does not? The bread in your cupboard belongs to the hungry; the coat unused in your closet belongs to the one who needs it; the shoes rotting in your closet belong to the one who has no shoes; the money which you hoard up belongs to the poor.
Adam Smith, The Wealth of Nations|In regards to the price of commodities, the rise of wages operates as simple interest does, the rise of profit operates like compound interest. Our merchants and masters complain much of the bad effects of high wages in raising the price and lessening the sale of goods. They say nothing concerning the bad effects of high profits. They are silent with regard to the pernicious effects of their own gains. They complain only of those of other people.
T. Mountebank, Sister Sable|He didn’t know what beget what, but he quickly learned that people with money to hide were powerful, and powerful people were violent. It was reliable math: as the amount of money being conveyed increased, so too did the level of paranoia; the psychotic behavior of his clients increasing with every figure added to the sum.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|Alcohol ruined me financially and morally, broke my heart and the hearts of too many others. Even though it did this to me and it almost killed me and I haven't touched a drop of it in seventeen years, sometimes I wonder if I could get away with drinking some now. I totally subscribe to the notion that alcoholism is a mental illness because thinking like that is clearly insane.
Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep|You're broke, eh?"I been shaking two nickels together for a month, trying to get them to mate.
David Lee Roth|I used to have a drug problem, now I make enough money.
Charles Dickens, Little Dorrit|[Credit is a system whereby] a person who can't pay, gets another person who can't pay, to guarantee that he can pay.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|In the words of the philosopher Sceptum, the founder of my profession: am I going to get paid for this?
Peter Kreeft, How to Win the Culture War: A Christian Battle Plan for a Society in Crisis|America does not know the difference between money and sex. It treats sex like money because it treats sex as a medium of exchange, and it treats money like sex because it expects its money to get pregnant and reproduce.
Napoléon Bonaparte|The hand that gives is among the hand that takes. Money has no fatherland, financiers are without patriotism and without decency, their sole object is gain.
Brian Andreas|I have a renewed commitment to elegance, she said, in case you think I'm just spending money for the fun of it. 
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|For I consider brains far superior to money in every way. You may have noticed that if one has money without brains, he cannot use it to his advantage; but if one has brains without money, they will enable him to live comfortably to the end of his days.
Plato, The Republic|Money-makers are tiresome company, as they have no standard but cash value.
William Gibson, Count Zero|And, for an instant, she stared directly into those soft blue eyes and knew, with an instinctive mammalian certainty, that the exceedingly rich were no longer even remotely human.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Until and unless you discover that money is the root of all good, you ask for your own destruction. When money ceases to become the means by which men deal with one another, then men become the tools of other men. Blood, whips and guns--or dollars. Take your choice--there is no other.
Kanye West|Having money isn't everything, not having it is.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|In the fashion industry, everything goes retro except the prices.
Robert Walser, The Tanners|How reprehensible it is when those blessed with commodities insist on ignoring the poor. Better to torment them, force them into indentured servitude, inflict compulsion and blows—this at least produces a connection, fury and a pounding heart, and these too constitute a form of relationship. But to cower in elegant homes behind golden garden gates, fearful lest the breath of warm humankind touch you, unable to indulge in extravagances for fear they might be glimpsed by the embittered oppressed, to oppress and yet lack the courage to show yourself as an oppressor, even to fear the ones you are oppressing, feeling ill at ease in your own wealth and begrudging others their ease, to resort to disagreeable weapons that require neither true audacity nor manly courage, to have money, but only money, without splendor: That’s what things look like in our cities at present
Frank Clark|The more you Learn, The more you earn
Richard Branson, Losing My Virginity: How I've Survived, Had Fun, and Made a Fortune Doing Business My Way|I can honestly say that I have never gone into any business purely to make money. If that is the sole motive then I believe you are better off not doing it. A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|No, I don't want your money. The world moves less by money than by what you owe people and what they owe you. I don't like to owe anybody anything, so I keep to myself as much on the lending side as I can.
Margaret Young|Often people attempt to live their lives backwards, they try to have more things or more money in order to do more of what they want so that they will be happier. The way it actually works is the reverse. You must first be who you really are then do what you need to do in order to have what you want. 
Vicki Robin, Your Money or Your Life|If you live for having it all, what you have is never enough.
Candace Bushnell, One Fifth Avenue|Money follows art. Money wants what it can't buy. Class and talent. And remember while there's a talent for making money, it takes real talent to know how to spend it.
Thomas A. Edison|People who will not turn a shovel full of dirt on the project nor contribute a pound of material, will collect more money from the United States than will the People who supply all the material and do all the work. This is the terrible thing about interest ...But here is the point: If the Nation can issue a dollar bond it can issue a dollar bill. The element that makes the bond good makes the bill good also. The difference between the bond and the bill is that the bond lets the money broker collect twice the amount of the bond and an additional 20%. Whereas the currency, the honest sort provided by the Constitution pays nobody but those who contribute in some useful way. It is absurd to say our Country can issue bonds and cannot issue currency. Both are promises to pay, but one fattens the usurer and the other helps the People. If the currency issued by the People were no good, then the bonds would be no good, either. It is a terrible situation when the Government, to insure the National Wealth, must go in debt and submit to ruinous interest charges at the hands of men who control the fictitious value of gold.
S.E. Hinton|I have no idea why I write. The old standards are: I like to express my feelings, stretch my imagination, earn money.
Dan Ariely, The Honest Truth About Dishonesty: How We Lie to Everyone - Especially Ourselves|The more cashless our society becomes, the more our moral compass slips.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Of all the icy blasts that blow on love, a request for money is the most chilling.
Lemony Snicket|Money is like a child—rarely unaccompanied. When it disappears, look to those who were supposed to be keeping an eye on it while you were at the grocery store. You might also look for someone who has a lot of extra children sitting around, with long, suspicious explanations for how they got there.
G.I. Gurdjieff|I will tell you one thing that will make you rich for life. There are two struggles: an Inner-world struggle and an Outer-world struggle...you must make an intentional contact between these two worlds; then you can crystallize data for the Third World, the World of the Soul.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Planning is for the world's great cities, for Paris, London, and Rome, for cities dedicated, at some level, to culture. Detroit, on the other hand, was an American city and therefore dedicated to money, and so design had given way to expediency.
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|In fact this is precisely the logic on which the Bank of England—the first successful modern central bank—was originally founded. In 1694, a consortium of English bankers made a loan of £1,200,000 to the king. In return they received a royal monopoly on the issuance of banknotes. What this meant in practice was they had the right to advance IOUs for a portion of the money the king now owed them to any inhabitant of the kingdom willing to borrow from them, or willing to deposit their own money in the bank—in effect, to circulate or "monetize" the newly created royal debt. This was a great deal for the bankers (they got to charge the king 8 percent annual interest for the original loan and simultaneously charge interest on the same money to the clients who borrowed it) , but it only worked as long as the original loan remained outstanding. To this day, this loan has never been paid back. It cannot be. If it ever were, the entire monetary system of Great Britain would cease to exist.
George Best|I spent a lot of money on booze, birds, and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.
Peter Joseph|Our entire system, in an economic sense, is based on restriction. Scarcity and inefficiency are the movers of money; the more there is of any resource the less you can charge for it. The more problems there are, the more opportunities there are to make money.This reality is a social disease, for people can actually gain off the misery of others and the destruction of the environment. Efficiency, abundance and sustainability are enemies of our economic structure, for they are inverse to the mechanics required to perpetuate consumption.This is profoundly critical to understand, for once you put this together you begin to see that the one billion people currently starving on this planet, the endless slums of the poor and all the horrors of a culture due to poverty and pravity are not natural phenomenon due to some natural human order or lack of earthly resources. They are products of the creation, perpetuation and preservation of artificial scarcity and inefficiency.
Cormac McCarthy, No Country for Old Men|Well, I guess in all honesty I would have to say that I never knew nor did I ever hear of anybody that money didnt change.
Cristiane Serruya, Trust: Betrayed|We had everything: love, attention, the best money could buy, but we were taught that we had to first give to then receive.
Wendell Berry|Akin to the idea that time is money is the concept, less spoken but as commonly assumed, that we may be adequately represented by money. The giving of money has thus become our characteristic virtue. But to give is not to do. The money is given in lieu of action, thought, care, time.
Oriah Mountain Dreamer, The Dance: Moving To the Rhythms of Your True Self|Where I had felt a victim, I had become a determiner by recognizing I had choices. When considering a purchase, I stopped saying, "I can't afford it," and started saying, "That's not where I want to spend that amount of money.
Baruch Spinoza|Those who know the true use of money, and regulate the measure of wealth according to their needs, live contented with few things.
John Locke|So that, in effect, religion, which should most distinguish us from beasts, and ought most peculiarly to elevate us, as rational creatures, above brutes, is that wherein men often appear most irrational, and more senseless than beasts themselves.
Stephen Richards|If we ask, we should also be prepared to give.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not money, I am become as a sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal. And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not money, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not money, it profiteth me nothing. Money suffereth long, and is kind; money envieth not; money vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil; rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth; beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things. . . . And now abideth faith, hope, money, these three; but the greatest of these is money. I Corinthians xiii (adapted) 
Robert J. McCracken|Get to know two things about a man. How he earns his money and how he spends it. You will then have the clue to his character. You will have a searchlight that shows up the inmost recesses of his soul. You know all you need to know about his standards, his motives, his driving desires, his real religion.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|For after all, what is there behind, except money? Money for the right kind of education, money for influential friends, money for leisure and peace of mind, money for trips to Italy. Money writes books, money sells them. Give me not righteousness, O lord, give me money, only money.
Arne Garborg|For money you can have everything it is said. No, that is not true. You can buy food, but not appetite; medicine, but not health; soft beds, but not sleep; knowledge but not intelligence; glitter, but not comfort; fun, but not pleasure; acquaintances, but not friendship; servants, but not faithfulness; grey hair, but not honor; quiet days, but not peace. The shell of all things you can get for money. But not the kernel. That cannot be had for money.
Lemony Snicket|Nobody wants to fall into a safety net, because it means the structure in which they've been living is in a state of collapse and they have no choice but to tumble downwards. However, it beats the alternative.
Stephen Richards|If you truly love someone, you should be more interested in keeping them happy than in being right.
Stephen Richards, The Ultimate Success In Love|If we truly love ourselves, in spite of our flaws, then we can love others in spite of theirs.
Kate Jacobs, The Friday Night Knitting Club|There's money, and then there's class. The two are often separated.
Stephen Fry, The Fry Chronicles|It does not suit the world to hear that people who are leading a high life, an enviable life, a privileged life are as miserable most days as anybody else, despite the fact that it must be obvious they would be - given that we are all agreed that money and fame do not bring happiness. Instead the world would prefer to enjoy the idea, against what it knows to be true, that wealth and fame do in fact insulate and protect against misery and it would rather we shut up if we are planning to indicate otherwise.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Across town, over in the East Village, the graffiti was calling for the rich to be eaten, imprisoned, or taxed out of existence. Though it sometimes seemed like a nice idea, I hoped the revolution would not take place during my lifetime. I didn't want the rich to go away until I could at least briefly join their ranks. 
Jennifer Estep, Widow’s Web|I used to murder people for money, but these days it’s more of a survival technique.
Hunter S. Thompson|Publishers are notoriously slothful about numbers, unless they're attached to dollar signs - unlike journalists, quarterbacks, and felony criminal defendants who tend to be keenly aware of numbers at all times.
John Hersey, Hiroshima|Do not work primarily for money; do your duty to patients first and let the money follow; our life is short, we don't live twice; the whirlwind will pick up the leaves and spin them, but then it will drop them and they will form a pile.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|You can’t substitute material things for love or for gentleness or for tenderness or for a sense of comradeship. Money is not a substitute for tenderness, and power is not a substitute for tenderness.
Maureen Johnson, The Last Little Blue Envelope|Money is for doing things, my love. Don't sit on it like a hen sits on an egg. It doesn't hatch. I should know. I've made enough of it.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|I do not see how it is possible for a man to die worth fifty million of dollars, or ten million of dollars, in a city full of want, when he meets almost every day the withered hand of beggary and the white lips of famine. How a man can withstand all that, and hold in the clutch of his greed twenty or thirty million of dollars, is past my comprehension. I do not see how he can do it. I should not think he could do it any more than he could keep a pile of lumber on the beach, where hundreds and thousands of men were drowning in the sea.
Harlan Ellison|I can't picture in my mind three hundred and sixty thousand dollars... When I think of it, all I can see in my mind is a big nickel.
Stephen Richards|If you knew the power within yourself to be truly happy, to be truly whole, then you would never ask another to become the image you desire for yourself, in order to be happy and whole.
Stanley Bing|Businesspeople are like sharks, not just because we're gray and slightly oily, or because our teeth trail the innards of those we have eviscerated, but because we must move forward or die. 
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|The mistake you make, don't you see,is in thinking one can live in a corrupt society without being corrupt oneself. After all, what do you achieve by refusing to make money? You're trying to behave as though one could stand right outside our economic system. But one can't. One's got to change the system, or one changes nothing. One can't put things right in a hole-and-corner way, if you take my meaning.
Stephen Richards|Remember that in the end, the universe responds to our emotions, not to our words.
Max Barry, Machine Man|I read once that you need two things to be happy: any two of health, money, and love. You can cover the absense of one with the other two... But now I realized this was unmitigated bullshit, because health and money did not compare with love at all.
Jess C. Scott, Jack in the Box|She felt the cold blast from the sterile air conditioning on her bare arms and thighs, as she ambled down the center of the shopping complex's ground floor.The scene was a swirl of candy bright lights--the Victoria's Secret fuchsia signboard, signboards which lured one to purchase "confidence," or "sexual appeal," or whatever it was that was being advertised--the fluorescent lights in each store, contrasting with the shiny, black-tiled walls and eye-catching speckled marble tiles on the ground.One could lick the floor--the tiles were spotless, clean like the fake air she was breathing in, like the atoms and cells in her that were decaying in stale neglect.
Jon M. Huntsman Sr., Winners Never Cheat: Everyday Values We Learned as Children But May Have Forgotten|Wealth isn't always measured in dollar signs. We each have time, talent and creativity, all of which can be powerful forces for positive change. Share your blessings in whatever form they come and to whatever level you have been blessed.
Anthony Hope, The Prisoner of Zenda|I have an income nearly sufficient for my wants (no one's income is ever quite sufficient, you know).
Søren Kierkegaard, Present Age & Of the Difference Between a Genius & an Apostle|In the end, therefore, money will be the one thing people will desire, which is moreover only representative, an abstraction. Nowadays a young man hardly envies anyone his gifts, his art, the love of a beautiful girl, or his fame; he only envies him his money. Give me money, he will say, and I am saved...He would die with nothing to reproach himself with, and under the impression that if only he had had the money he might really have lived and might even have achieved something great.
Rohinton Mistry, Family Matters|Black money is so much a part of our white economy, a tumour in the centre of the brain - try to remove it and you kill the patient.
Charlaine Harris, Club Dead|Did you ever think that if you told me where Bill's hiding his computer program, I would give you anything you asked for?"- Eric, club dead.
Robert A. Heinlein, For Us, the Living: A Comedy of Customs|He became convinced that ordinary commercial financing could be done for a service charge plus an insurance fee amounting to much less that the current rates of interest charged by banks, whose rates were based on supply and demand, treating money as a commodity rather than as a sovereign state's means of exchange.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|Sometimes they would just pay me to stay home and not do anything else, which sounds fantastic but doesn't do much for your ego. Its probably a little like getting alimony-the money is nice but has a nasty aftertaste.
William Gaddis, JR|If you want to make a million you don't have to understand money, what you have to understand is people's fears about money
Edgar Allan Poe, The Gold Bug|You will observe that the stories told are all about money-seekers, not about money-finders.
Jackie Mason|I have enough money to last me the rest of my life, unless I buy something.
Charles Caleb Colton|Our income are like our shoes; if too small, they gall and pinch us; but if too large, they cause us to stumble and trip.
Criss Jami, Healology|The Bible does not say money is the root of all evil; it says the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil. A poor man who, in his heart, worships the idea of being rich is more vulnerable to its evils than a rich man who has a heart to use it all for the Lord.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|If you align your vibrations and frequencies with those things you desire, you will acquire them.
Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby|Gold conjures up a mist about a man, more destructive of all his old senses and lulling to his feelings than the fumes of charcoal.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|There are no absolutes, and your way is neither the only way nor the right way.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|When you put your passion into your desire, when it becomes a fire that threatens to consume you unless you have it, then your will is in the right place.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|She could afford anything, she could give anything, but she could not share a moment of her life with anybody. Shewas a beautiful and a glamorous diamond with an astronomical price tag, but to a crude reality — she was still a stone, a living stone. Nothing else but a stone in an aesthetic sense.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Men|I've been so bothered with my property, that I'm tired of it, and don't mean to save up any more, but give it away as I go along, and then nobody will envy me, or want to steal it, and I shan't be suspecting folks and worrying about my old cash.
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London|Within certain limits, it is actually true that the less money you have, the less you worry.
John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent|Money does not change the sickness, only the symptoms.
Tamora Pierce, Bloodhound|Money talks and walks, but it does not bark.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Daughters can spend ten percent more than a man can make in any usual occupation. That’s a law of nature, to be known henceforth as ‘Harshaw’s Law.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|ROMEOThere is thy gold, worse poison to men's souls,Doing more murders in this loathsome world,Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell.I sell thee poison; thou hast sold me none.Farewell: buy food, and get thyself in flesh.Come, cordial and not poison, go with meTo Juliet's grave; for there must I use thee.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|Of course (said Oryx), having a money value was no substitute for love. Every child should have love, every person should have it. . . . but love was undependable, it came and then it went, so it was good to have a money value, because then at least those who wanted to make a profit from you would make sure you were fed enough and not damaged too much. Also there were many who had neither love nor a money value, and having one of these things was better than having nothing.
Neal Stephenson, Quicksilver|If money is a science, then it is a dark science...it has gone on developing...by its own rules
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|They were new money, without a doubt: so new it shrieked. Their clothes looked as it they'd covered themselves in glue, then rolled around in hundred-dollar bills.
Robert McCammon, The Queen of Bedlam|...that in this town prostitutes may give sewing lessons to ladies of the church, pirates my be consulted for their opinions on seaworth by shipbuilders, Christians and Jews may stroll together on a Sunday, and Indians my play dice games with leatherstockings, but let one silver piece fall in a crack between two members of the same profession and it's bloody war.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Financial demands, of all the rough winds that blow upon our love, (are) quite the coldest and the most biting.
Amy Dacyczyn, The Complete Tightwad  Gazette|Tightwaddery without creativity is deprivation. When there is a lack of resourcefulness, inventiveness, and innovation, thrift means doing without. When creativity combines with thrift you may be doing it without money, but you are not doing without.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|She planted that terror of debt so deeply in her children that even now, in a changed economic pattern where indebtedness is a part of living, I become restless when a bill is two days overdue. Olive never accepted the time-payment plan when it became popular. A thing bought on time was a thing you did not own and for which you were in debt. She saved for things she wanted, and this meant that the neighbours had new gadgets as much as two years before we did.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|...May I have this damaged bunch for two cents? Speak strongly and it shall be yours for two cents. That is a saved penny that you put in the star bank...Suffer the cold for an hour. Put a shawl around you. Sai, I am cold because I am saving to buy land. That hour will save you three cents' worth of coal... When you are alone at night, do not light the lamp. Sit in the darkness and dream awhile. Reckon out how much oil you saved and put its value in pennies in the bank. The money will grow. Someday there will be fifty dollars and somewhere on this long island is a piece of land that you may buy for that money.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Money is like fire. It is only good when there's just the right amount of it, when it's properly contained and under your control.
Vivian Amis, The Essentials of Life|YOU are the creator of your experience, therefore: all problems must be met within YOU.
Nathan W. Morris|Every time you borrow money, you're robbing your future self.
G.K. Chesterton|To be clever enough to get all that money, one must be stupid enough to want it.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Remember your true self. You are more than just flesh and bones; you are unlimited energy and power. Knowing this, you will understand why happiness and prosperity are your birth right.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|The basis of Cosmic Ordering is the belief that the universe is not dead matter, but pure energy which responds to our vibrations and to our frequencies.
Stephen Richards|Be open to the realization that who you were before and who you are now are two different people, and that what may have made you happy then, may not be the same thing that will make you happy now.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|To will is to put your emotion into your desire. Simply wanting is not desire, it is merely an undirected thought with no purpose but to pass the time.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The reason that man is seldom satisfied with his salary is that when it increases, he increases his expenses.
Stephen Richards|When you send out a powerful thought into the universe, you send out ripples to all parts of it which come back to you, reflecting what it is you sent out.
Steve Keen|...If you look at mainstream economics there are three things you will not find in a mainstream economic model - Banks, Debt, and Money. How anybody can think they can analyze capital while leaving out Banks, Debt, and Money is a bit to me like an ornithologist trying to work out how a bird flies whilst ignoring that the bird has wings...
Stephen Richards|Manifesting your desires requires an understanding of the universe’s abundance and inherently giving nature. If you ask from a position of fear or desperation, you are sending out your fear and desperation, and the universe, giving, reflecting, and non-judgmental as it is, will send those right back at you.
Stephen Richards|Desire is what lends power to thought, it is that element that separates a wish or a day dream into reality, if properly directed.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|But all I really learned is that money is powerful enough to bend the rules. Rhiannon:0, Dad:1.
Stephen Richards|Show respect to all. If you accept that all is undifferentiated oneness, and that all things are merely different aspects of that one thing (but vibrating at different frequencies), then you must respect yourself and everything and everyone around you.
Vivian Arend, Wolf Line|Seriously. Poor little me can deal with having mated a millionaire.”“Oh, you found someone else? With less money?
Pearl S. Buck, The Good Earth|Wang Lung sat smoking, thinking of the silver as it had lain upon the table. It had come out of the earth, this silver, out of the earth that he ploughed and turned and spent himself upon. He took his life from the earth; drop by drop by his sweat he wrung food from it and from the food, silver. Each time before this that he had taken the silver out to give to anyone, it had been like taking a piece of his life and giving it to someone carelessly. But not for the first time, such giving was not pain. He saw, not the silver in the alien hand of a merchant in the town; he saw the silver transmuted into something worth even more than life itself - clothes upon the body of his son.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|There is thy gold, worse poison to men's souls,Doing more murder in this loathsome world,Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell.
James Garfield|Whomsoever controls the volume of money in any country is absolute master of all industry and commerce and when you realize that the entire system is very easily controlled, one way or another, by a few powerful men at the top, you will not have to be told how periods of inflation and depression originate.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake|...that in spite of living in a mansion an American is not above wearing a pair of secondhand pants, bought for fifty cents.
Walter Kerr|Half the world is composed of idiots, the other half of people clever enough to take indecent advantage of them
Caryll Houselander, The Reed of God|Powerful to alleviate, to delay, to camouflage, though money is, in the end it lets us down.
Ben Elton, Meltdown|People in that crowd want to make poverty history, but NOT if they have to pay for it themselves
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|On a strange and devious way, Siddhartha had gotten into this final and most base of all dependencies, by means of the game of dice. It was since that time, when he had stopped being a Samana in his heart, that Siddhartha began to play the game for money and precious things, which he at other times only joined with a smile and casually as a custom of the childlike people, with an increasing rage and passion. He was a feared gambler, few dared to take him on, so high and audacious were his stakes. He played the game due to a pain of his heart, losing and wasting his wretched money in the game brought him an angry joy, in no other way he could demonstrate his disdain for wealth, the merchants' false god, more clearly and more mockingly.
Quentin R. Bufogle|A friend told me that one day he and I would be rich and famous. I told him that I'd trade my half of the fame, for his half of the money.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|Whenever a state or an individual cited 'insufficient funds' as an excuse for neglecting this important thing or that, it was indicative of the extent to which reality had been distorted by the abstract lens of wealth. During periods of so-called economic depression, for example, societies suffered for want of all manner of essential goods, yet investigation almost invariably disclosed that there were plenty of goods available. Plenty of coal in the ground, corn in the fields, wool on the sheep. What was missing was not materials but an abstract unit of measurement called 'money.' It was akin to a starving woman with a sweet tooth lamenting that she couldn't bake a cake because she didn't have any ounces. She had butter, flour, eggs, milk, and sugar, she just didn't have any ounces, any pinches, any pints. The loony legacy of money was that the arithmetic by which things were measured had become more valuable than the things themselves.
Roman Payne|Of all public figures and benefactors of mankind, no one is loved by history more than the literary patron. Napoleon was just a general of forgotten battles compared with the queen who paid for Shakespeare's meals and beer in the tavern. The statesman who in his time freed the slaves, even he has a few enemies in posterity, whereas the literary patron has none. We thank Gaius Maecenas for the nobility of soul we attribute to Virgil; but he isn’t blamed for the selfishness and egocentricity that the poet possessed. The patron creates 'literature through altruism,' something not even the greatest genius can do with a pen.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|Do not focus on money, instead focus on a problem that needs to be solved for the world..money will follow you as a bi-product.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|I feel despised there, for having so little money; also for once having had so much. I never actually had it, of course. Father had it, and then Richard. But money was imputed to me, the same way crimes are imputed to those who've simply been present at them.
Henry A. Wallace|In an effort to eliminate the possibility of any rival growing up, some monopolists would sacrifice democracy itself.
Paul Leppin, Blaugast : A Novel of Decline|This planet was a marketplace where evil tugged murderously at its chains. Its spies were everywhere. At windy corners where young girls with knowing children’s faces were selling flowers and matches, on the operating tables at the hospitals, in the slums, at railway stations, under viaducts.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Impossible Is Stupid|And don't tell me debt is not a big deal. Debt will cut off your legs and laugh at you as you grovel in the dirt begging for mercy. If you don't need it, don't get it. If you can't afford it, don't get it. If you're already in debt, get out quickly. If you think you'll never get out, you're right, you won't.
Jamie O'Neill, At Swim, Two Boys|They do say money is the root of all evil."I thought that was supposed to be the love of money."There's neat for you. 'Tis them without it that loves it best.
Orrin Woodward|New Golden Rule of Fractional Reserve Banking: He who creates the "fool's gold" controls the fools.
Alexander McCall Smith, Bertie's Guide to Life and Mothers|The value of money is subjective, depending on age. At the age of one, one multiplies the actual sum by 145,000, making one pound seem like 145,000 pounds to a one-year-old. At seven – Bertie’s age – the multiplier is 24, so that five pounds seems like 120 pounds. At the age of twenty four, five pounds is five pounds; at forty five it is divided by 5, so that it seems like one pound and one pound seems like twenty pence. (All figures courtesy of Scottish Government Advice Leaflet: Handling your Money.)
Sophie Kinsella|When I shop, the world gets better, and the world is better, but then it's not, and I need to do it again.(Confessions of a Shopaholic-the movie)
Stephen Richards|Thought is power, as is desire, but neither is enough unless it is backed by faith, specificity, and the desire to see to it that it becomes.
Stephen Richards|When you begin to actively participate in the creation of your life, there is never an end, even in death, for physics tells us that nothing is ever created nor destroyed, merely transformed.
Stephen Richards|Regardless of whether luck or coincidence is involved, desires directed in the right way have a tendency to manifest.
Stephen Richards|Some find that they are content with little, while others find that they want much, much more. Still others create and manifest many things, only to later discover that it was the creation which brought them greater joy and satisfaction, more so than the actual possession or enjoyment of those creations.
D.H. Lawrence|When one is grown up, money is lying about at one's service. It is only when one is young that it is rare. Take no thought for money - that always lies to hand.(Women in Love)
Richard Russo, Empire Falls|Max would conclude, "that's who I want to be. The pope. And I'll do the same thing he does. I'll keep all the goddamn money.
Stephen Richards|Openness is also an acceptance that just as you have the inherent right to create your life as you see fit, so others have the same right with their own lives, even if their design differs from yours greatly.
James Kelman|Ninety-nine per cent of traditional English literature concerns people who never have to worry about money at all. We always seem to be watching or reading about emotional crises among folk who live in a world of great fortune both in matters of luck and money; stories and fantasies about rock stars and film stars, sporting millionaires and models; jet-setting members of the aristocracy and international financiers.
Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep|Being a copper I like to see the law win. I'd like to see the flashy well-dressed mugs like Eddie Mars spoiling their manicures in the rock quarry at Folsom, alongside of the poor little slum-bred guys that got knocked over on their first caper amd never had a break since. That's what I'd like. You and me both lived too long to think I'm likely to see it happen. Not in this town, not in any town half this size, in any part of this wide, green and beautiful U.S.A. We just don't run our country that way.
Stephen King, The Stand|A man who loves money is a bastard, someone to be hated. A man who can't take care of it is a fool. You don't hate him, but you got to pity him.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|No one ought even to desert a woman after throwing her a heap of gold in her distress! He ought to love her forever! You are young, only twenty-one, and kind and upright and fine. You'll ask me how a woman can take money from a man. Oh, God, isn't it natural to share everything with the one we owe all our happiness to? When one has given everything, how can one quibble about a mere portion of it? Money is important only when feeling has ceased. Isn't one bound for life? How can you foresee separation when you think someone loves you? When a man swears eternal love--how can there be any separate concerns in that case?
Georg Simmel, The Sociology of Georg Simmel|The calculative exactness of practical life which the money economy has brought about corresponds to the ideal of natural science: to transform the world by mathematical formulas. Only money economy has filled the days of so many people with weighing, calculating, with numerical determinations, with a reduction of qualitative values to quantitative ones.
Ashly Lorenzana|Money is necessary in everyone's life. Why? Only because people have decided that it should be. It didn't have to be the way that it has become. If nothing came at the price of money, it wouldn't need to exist.
Paul Kyriazi, How to Live the James Bond Lifestyle: upgrade your life to that of 007|Your on the planet too. Why should James Bond have all the action, fun, money, and resort hotel living.
Liane de Pougy|I have to admit that I'm up to my neck in frivolity, buried in dresses to the point of ruin! Fifteen different garments! My wardrobe jam-packed! My girl, this is not the way for an old woman to behave - particularly since you never wear anything but black and white, or a little grey, so that you always look as though you were in the same dress. Why fritter away your money so absurdly? (22 August 1919)
Horace|Make money, money by fair means if you can, if not, but any means money. 
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Master, can you trust this bank to keep your money safe?Master of Stupidity: Well, I can put a bit less distrust on this bank than others.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Your money myth affects your gain and luck.In economics, illusion of money affects wealth.
Mitch McConnell|To put a trillion dollars in context, if you spend a million dollars every day since Jesus was born, you still wouldn't have spent a trillion.
Mary Balogh, Slightly Sinful|But it is only people who have plenty of money who can despise it. To the rest of us it is important. It can at least put food in our stomachs clothes on our backs, and it can at least feed our dreams.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|But this post-college world felt different from everything that had come before it; art was still central, but now everyone had to think about making a living too, and they did so with a kind of scorn for money except as it allowed them to live the way they wanted to live.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Though I may accumulate a great deal of riches in this world, it is only my wealth of knowledge, talents, and emotional bonds that I keep when I leave.
Verity Louise Marshall, Hard Money: The Naked Truth Behind the Red Light|If just one person has done it, it can be done. by V.L. Marshall
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|You can make EXCUSES and earn SYMPATHY,ORYou can make MONEY and earn ADMIRATION.The choice is always yours...
Louis L'Amour, The Walking Drum|Evil comes often to a man with money; tyranny comes surely to him without it. I say this, who am Mathurin Kerbouchard, a homeless wanderer upon the earth's far roads. I speak as one who has known hunger and feast, poverty and riches, the glory of the sword and the humility of the defenseless. Hunger inspires no talent, and carried too far, it deadens the faculties and destroys initiative...
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|It seemed like my parents were always trying to get me to care about money, but I didn’t, really. Then again, it's easy to say you don't care about money when you have plenty of it.
Charles Bukowski, Short Stories of Charles Bukowski|The good times were over. Nobody gave a shit and nobody had any money and if they had any, they kept it.
Emi Iyalla|If your current skill doesn’t pay your bills, perhaps you should re-tool - and fast at that. The pursuit of knowledge and the skills that come with it must be done strategically. We must put the society we live in into serious consideration before we embark on this journey otherwise make urgent adjustments if we have gone astray. We can’t isolate our skills from the need of the society we live in. Well, actually, we can, but to our peril.
Pyotr Kropotkin, The Conquest of Bread|We hold further that Communism is not only desirable, but that existing societies, founded on Individualism, are inevitably impelled in the direction of Communism. The development of Individualism during the last three centuries is explained by the efforts of the individual to protect himself from the tyranny of Capital and of the State. For a time he imagined, and those who expressed his thought for him declared, that he could free himself entirely from the State and from society. "By means of money," he said, "I can buy all that I need." But the individual was on a wrong tack, and modern history has taught him to recognize that, without the help of all, he can do nothing, although his strong-boxes are full of gold.
Mark Galli, Chaos and Grace: Discovering the Liberating Work of the Holy Spirit|The wealthy, Jesus says, can only get into heaven through the eye of a needle; the same applies to churches wealthy in numbers and programs.
Etienne de L'Amour, Life on the Flipside|The hidden economy [is] fed not by money and greed but by love, pure and simple. You see the best and truly golden opportunities do not arise to benefit oneself, but in order to benefit others.
Deborah Meyler, The Bookstore|People write for ego gratification, not money.
Cathie Pelletier, Once Upon a Time on the Banks|Almost overnight, Albert Pinkham had gone from being barely able to keep his head above water to walking on the stuff.
Christopher Byford, Den of Shadows|After all, as Franco would dictate, everyone was going to lose their money at some point. You may as well do so half drunk and at the mercy of a pretty smile.
Margaret Heffernan, Willful Blindness: Why We Ignore the Obvious at Our Peril|When we care about people, we care less about money, and when we care about money, we care less about people.
Margaret Heffernan, Willful Blindness: Why We Ignore the Obvious at Our Peril|Money is just one of the forces that blind us to information and issues which we could pay attention to - but don't. It exacerbates and often rewards all the other drivers of willful blindness; our preference for the familiar, our love for individuals and for big ideas, a love of busyness and our dislike of conflict and change, the human instinct to obey and conform and our skill at displacing and diffusing responsibility. All of these operate and collaborate with varying intensities at different moments in our lives. The common denominator is that they all make us protect our sense of self-worth, reducing dissonance and conferring a sense of security, however illusory. In some ways, they all act like money; making us feel good at first, with consequences we don't see. We wouldn't be so blind if our blindness didn't deliver rewards; the benefit of comfort and ease.
William Golding, The Spire|I tell you, money can't build your spire for you. Build it of gold and it would simply sink deeper.
Jean Hanff Korelitz, Admission|She lacked the sheen of money, muscular good health, good skin, good clothes.
Margaret Heffernan, Willful Blindness: Why We Ignore the Obvious at Our Peril|In treating people as less important than things, work becomes both demoralised and demoralising and we become blind to the moral content of our decisions...Money and wilfful blindness make us act in ways incompatible wiht what believe our ethics to be, and often even with our own self-interest...the problem with money isn't fundamentally about greed, although it can be comforting to think so. The problem with money is that we live in societies in which mutual support and co-operation is essential, but money erodes the relationships we need to lead productive, fulfilling and genuinely happy lives. When money becomes the dominant behavior, it doesn't cooperate with, or amplify, our relationships; it disengages us from them.
H. Rider Haggard, Allan Quatermain|How can a world be good in which Money is the moving power, and Self-interest the guiding star?
Lionel Shriver, The New Republic|At only ten a.m., Edgar found himself already eyeing the Doritos on the counter. One thing he hadn't anticipated about the 'home office' was Snack Syndrome; lately his mental energies divided evenly between his new calling (worrying about money, which substituted neatly for earning it) and not stuffing his face.
Terry Pratchett, Hogfather|NAUGHTY AND NICE? said Death. BUT IT'S EASY TO BE NICE IF YOU'RE RICH. IS THIS FAIR?Albert wanted to argue. He wanted to say, Really? In that case, how come so many of the rich buggers is bastards? And being poor don't mean being naughty, neither.
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|money has no essence. It's not "really" anything; therefore, its nature has always been and presumably always will be a matter of political conten­tion.
George Horace Lorimer|It's good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it's good, too, to check up once in a while and make sure that you haven't lost the things that money can't buy.
Mary Wollstonecraft, Letters Written During a Short Residence in Sweden, Norway and Denmark|England and America owe their liberty to commerce, which created a new species of power to undermine the feudal system. But let them beware of the consequences: the tyranny of wealth is still more galling and debasing than that of rank.
JOHN SCHAFF|This Jesus of Nazereth without money and arms, conquered more millions than Alexander, Caeser, Muhammad and Napoleon; without science and learning, He shed more light on matters human and divine than all philosophers and scholars combined; without the eloquence of schools, He spoke such words of life as were never spoke before or since and produced effects which lie beyond the reach of orator poet; without writing a single line, He set more pens in motion and furnished themes for more sermons, orations, discussions, learned volumes, works of art and songs of praise than the whole army of great men of ancient and modern times.
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|But if Smith was right, and gold and silver became money through the natural workings of the market completely independently of governments, then wouldn't the obvious thing be to just grab control of the gold and silver mines?
Howard Tayler, Resident Mad Scientist|Being a mercenary, though... Hey, we just go wherever there's a mixture of money and trouble, and everyone in the galaxy is a potential customer.Even the people you're paid to shoot at?Well, yeah. There are customers we serve, and customers we service.-Captain Kevyn Andreyasn & General Tagon
Neal Stephenson, Quicksilver|. . . if money is a science, then it is a dark science, darker than alchemy. It split away from Natural Philosophy millennia ago, and has gone on developing ever since, by its own rules.
Howard Tayler, Emperor Pius Dei|This document outlines our plan to perpetrate insurance fraud, insider trading, and character assassination....hopefully tripling our paycheck on this job.Okay, see? Those words I understand just fine. Use them more often.-Lieutenant Massey Reynstein & Captain Tagon
Christopher Penczak, The Witch's Coin: Prosperity and Money Magick|The secret of true prosperity is finding our security through our connection with the divine, with the spiritual world.
Anne Lamott|When you don't have enough or you run out, you feel in your core that the leak has begun and there will be no end to the leakage. And this makes you feel like a chump. Whereas having some money gives you the conviction that you're not naked in the howling wind, even though you basically are, existentially.
Graham Greene, Shock!|Did you find anything special?' Blackie asked.T. nodded. 'Come over here,' he said, 'and look.' Out of both pockets he drew bundles of pound notes. 'Old Misery's savings,' he said. 'Mike ripped out the mattress, but he missed them.''What are you going to do? Share them?''We aren't thieves,' T. said. 'Nobody's going to steal anything from this house. I kept these for you and me - a celebration.' He knelt down on the floor and counted them out - there were seventy in all. 'We'll burn them,' he said, 'one by one,' and taking it in turns they held a note upwards and lit the top corner, so that the flame burnt slowly towards their fingers. The grey ash floated above them and fell on their heads like age. 'I'd like to see Old Misery's face when we are through,' T. said.'You hate him a lot?' Blackie asked.'Of course I don't hate him,' T. said. 'There'd be no fun if I hated him.' The last burning note illuminated his brooding face. 'All this hate and love,' he said, 'it's soft, it's hooey. There's only things, Blackie,' and he looked round the room crowded with the unfamiliar shadows of half things, broken things, former things. 'I'll race you home, Blackie,' he said. ("The Destructors")
John Lanchester|Any flights would be taken business class, since Roger thought that the whole point of having money, if it had to be summed up in a single point, which it couldn't, but if you had to, the whole point of having a bit of money was not to have to fly scum class.
Keith Hart|Look at a coin from your pocket. On one side is "heads" - the symbol of the political authority which minted the coin; on the other side is "tails" - the precise specification of the amount the coin is worth as payment in exchange. One side reminds us that states underwrite currencies and the money is originally a relation between persons in society, a token perhaps. The other reveals the coin as a thing, capable of entering into definite relations with other things.
Seneca, The Conquest of Happiness|Fidelity purchased with money, money can destroy.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|But you can't start. Only a baby can start. You and me - why, we're all that's been. The anger of a moment, the thousand pictures, that's us. This land, this red land, is us; and the flood years and the dust years and the drought years are us. We can't start again. The bitterness we sold to the junk man - he got it all right, but we have it still. And when the owner men told us to go, that's us; and when the tractor hit the house, that's us until we're dead. To California or any place - every one a drum major leading a parade of hurts, marching with our bitterness. And some day - the armies of bitterness will all be going the same way. And they'll all walk together, and there'll be a dead terror from it.
Angela Nissel, The Broke Diaries: The Completely True and Hilarious Misadventures of a Good Girl Gone Broke|(Regarding check-cashing places):It's hitting me how poor this really is: I'm standing in a long line to pay someone to give me my pay. So, technically, they get paid before I do, and it's my damn check.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|What a peculiar civilisation this was: inordinately rich, yet inclined to accrue its wealth through the sale of some astonishingly small and only distantly meaningful things, a civilisation torn and unable sensibly to adjudicate between the worthwhile ends to which money might be put and the often morally trivial and destructive mechanisms of its generation.
Laura D. Adams, Money Girl's Smart Moves to Deal with Your Debt|If money management isn't something you enjoy, consider my perspective. I look at managing my money as if it were a part-time job. The time you spend monitoring your finances will pay off. You can make real money by cutting expenses and earning more interest on savings and investments. I'd challenge you to find a part-time job where you could potentially earn as much money for just an hour or two of your time.
Agatha Christie, The Secret Adversary|Money, money, money! I think about money morning, noon and night! I dare say it's mercenary of me, but there it is
Tim Wu, The Master Switch: The Rise and Fall of Information Empires|Nothing, save the hangman's noose, concentrates the mind like piles of cash.
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|America's industrial success produced a roll call of financial magnificence: Rockefellers, Morgans, Astors, Mellons, Fricks, Carnegies, Goulds, du Ponts, Belmonts, Harrimans, Huntingtons, Vanderbilts, and many more based in dynastic wealth of essentially inexhaustible proportions. John D. Rockefeller made $1 billion a year, measured in today's money, and paid no income tax. No one did, for income tax did not yet exist in America. Congress tried to introduce an income tax of 2 percent on earnings of $4,000 in 1894, but the Supreme Court ruled it unconstitutional. Income tax wouldn't become a regular part of American Life until 1914. People would never be this rich again.Spending all this wealth became for many a more or less full-time occupation. A kind of desperate, vulgar edge became attached to almost everything they did. At one New York dinner party, guests found the table heaped with sand and at each place a little gold spade; upon a signal, they were invited to dig in and search for diamonds and other costly glitter buried within. At another party - possibly the most preposterous ever staged - several dozen horses with padded hooves were led into the ballroom of Sherry's, a vast and esteemed eating establishment, and tethered around the tables so that the guests, dressed as cowboys and cowgirls, could enjoy the novel and sublimely pointless pleasure of dining in a New York ballroom on horseback.
Terry Pratchett, Making Money|The money… will talk?' said Mr Spools carefully.'Imps,' said Moist. 'They're only a sort of intelligent spell. They don't even have to have a shape. We'll print them on the higher denominations.
Steven J. Lee, The Money Plan: Creating Personal Wealth for a Secure Future|Thy shalt not worship thy investment advisor, for if she were so smart she would be retired by now.
Edith Wharton|...the people who find fault with society are too apt to regard it as an end and not a means, just as the people who despise money speak as if its only use were to be kept in bags and gloated over? Isn't it fairer to look at them both as opportunities, which may be used either stupidly or intelligently, according to the capacity of the user?
CrimethInc., Anarchy and Alcohol|Think of the power we could have if all the energy and effort in the world – or maybe even just your energy and effort? – that goes into drinking were put into resisting, building, creating. Try adding up all the money anarchists in your community have spent on corporate libations, and picture how much musical equipment or bail money or food it could have paid for – instead of funding their war against all of us.
Michael   Shea, Best New Horror 16|Up before sunrise. Marjorie hated getting out of bed in the dark, but loved the payoff once she was dressed and rolling down the country roads in the first light, cruising and owning them almost alone. The countryside here used to be a lot more interesting, though. She remembered it in her girlhood - orchards, small ranches, farmhouses, each one of these houses a distinct personality... Money, she thought wryly, scanning the endless miles of grapevines, all identically wired and braced and drip-lined, mile after mile - money was such a powerful organizer.As the dawn light gained strength, and bathed the endless vines in tarnished silver, it struck her that there was, after all, something scary about money, that it could run loose in the world like a mythic monster, gobbling up houses and trees, serving strictly its own monstrous appetite. ("The Growlimb")
Novala Takemoto, Missin' (Novel)|Restraining, saving, assuring your checkbook balance...what does all taht amount to? If I go broke one day I'll just take out loans
John Sherman|The few who understand the system will either be so interested in its profits or be so dependent upon its favours that there will be no opposition from that class, while on the other hand, the great body of people, mentally incapable of comprehending the tremendous advantage that capital derives from the system, will bear its burdens without complaint, and perhaps without even suspecting that the system is inimical to their interests.
Angela Carter, Nights at the Circus|And, conversely, she went on to herself, sneering at the Grand Duke's palace, poverty is wasted on the poor, who never know how to make the best of things, are only the rich without money, are just as useless at looking after themselves, can't handle their cash just like the rich can't, always squandering it on bright, pretty, useless things in just the same way.
Elizabeth Gunn, Crazy Eights|Ask them about their sex lives or their drinking habits or the times they beat up on Granny and they may dodge around a little but eventually they'll tell you all about it - they're dying to tell. Get to the money question, though, and they start acting like you just tore off all their clothes in public. In some way, money is the cover we use for the most intimate parts of ourselves.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Aleph and Other Stories|Tearing money is an impiety, like throwing away bread.
Michael Douglas|Money never sleeps, pal
Patricia Grasso, Seducing the Prince|The money is mine, not yours,” Reginald reminded her. “You ungrateful wretch. I found you an earl to marry, and your son will be an earl.”“You chose yourself a son-in-law,” Regina said. “You traded me for a title.”“You will thank me—”“—for dying and leaving me in peace.”“You will regret those words some day.”“I can manage the regret, if not my own finances.
Ana Monnar|Do you come from old money, new money, or no money?
Clifford D. Simak, They Walked Like Men|Money here on Earth is more than the paper or the metal that you use for money, more than the rows of figures that account for money. Here on Earth you have given money a symbolism such as no medium of exchange has anywhere else I have ever known or heard of. You have made it a power and a virtue and you have made the lack of it despicable and somehow even criminal. You measure men by money and you calibrate success with money and you almost worship money.
Richie Norton|If only employees knew this...there is no hand out just because you got a degree. You still gotta make $ for the biz (employer), if you choose not to make $ for yourself (freelancer / ent).
Natalie Pace, The ABCs of Money|A Debt Problem Is, At Its Core, a Budgeting Problem.
Emma Cline, The Girls|Money is ego, and people won't give it up. Just want to protect themselves, hold onto it like a blanket. They don't realize it makes them slaves. It's sick.
Warren Buffett|If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work until you die.
Richie Norton|Trust isn't just the greatest currency, it's the only currency. Once trust is gone in any form of currency, the value is gone.
Leo Tolstoy, The Death of Ivan Ilych|But these were essentially the accoutrements that appeal to all people who are not actually rich but who want to look rich, though all they manage to do is look like each other: damasks, ebony, plants, rugs and bronzes, anything dark and gleaming-everything that all people of a certain class affect so as to be like all other people of a certain class. And his arrangements looked so much like everyone else's that they were unremarkable, though he saw them as something truly distinctive.
Philip K Dick|A brand-new tape recorder, completely worn out. Bought with funny money that the store is willing to accept. Worthless money, worthless article purchased; it has a sort of logic to it.
Jan Jansen Easy Branches|Wealth does not consist of having a lot of money or possessions, but to be content with little needs.
David Alejandro Fearnhead|In the past people used to rob banks, now the banks rob the people.
Ashley Graham|I also need to honor myself for working so hard, and that means treating the money I earn with respect.
Riley Redgate, Noteworthy|There was something alienating about being on scholarship, a tense mixture of gratefulness and otherness. You're talented, the money said, and we want you here. Still, it had the twang of You were, are, and always will be different.
Michael Bassey Johnson|People can copy anything; your mode of dressing, the way you talk, walk, dance, sing, cry, but they will find it very hard to imitate the way you donate money.
Gayendra Abeywardane, Crocodile Chamber|The money we slaved for, bought information that kept us all trapped inside a chamber of lies and running on a greed wheel.
Ahmed Mostafa|Everything has a price. The price, however, isn't always money.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Funny how money speaks even more loudly than morals in this beautiful, superficial material world.
G.I. Gurdjieff|If you are working inwardly, Nature will help you. For the man who is working, Nature is sister of charity; she brings him what he needs for his work. If you need money for your work, even if you do nothing to get it, the money will come to you from all sides.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|When your pipeline is full – with business coming out of your ears – the notion of people asking for a discount will sound hilarious, because you’ll already be at capacity
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Wisdom is the spine of a business, money is its oxygen, and God is its strength and life.
Anthony T Hincks|When you give a present,you're giving with your heart.Never give thinking of money,or your gift will fall apart.
Phil Knight, Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of NIKE|Business is no more about making money than the human body is about making blood. Yes you need to make the stuff, but only to serve your higher aims.
Jeffrey Archer, A Quiver Full of Arrows|..each ministry has an allocation of money to spend on projects agreed to by the government. Every Secretary of State is acutely aware that his tenure of office maybe very short, so he picks out a major contract for himself from the many available. It's the one way to ensure a pension for life if the government is changed overnight or the minister simply loses his job.
Sophocles, Antigone|Money! Money's the curse of man, none greater.That's what wrecks cities, banishes men from homes,Tempts and deludes the most well-meaning soul,Pointing out the way to infamy and shame." - Creon
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|We have every piece of data on 200 million people,” he said, ticking off his fingers. “We have their bank accounts. We know how much they make and how much they spend and where. We have their social media. We know what they talk about, who they influence and how much. We know exactly how important each and everyone one of them is.
Harrish Sairaman|Money is never the cause of all evil, ignorance is!
Anthony T. Hincks|The thing about 'colour' is that it's not all about the money or the prestige, but it's about showing what life is all about. Without it...
Anthony T. Hincks|She'd stolen my car.She'd stolen my dog.She'd stolen all my money.But if she had only asked, I would have given her it all, because when I first met her, she'd stolen my heart.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|The mundanes put their faith in their paper money, and when that turns to ash, the world will turn upside down.
Mayur Ramgir|Money should not be the motivator in your life, it will only make you slave. Stand for values and you will die in honor.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|Money, money, all is money! Could you write even a penny novelette without money to put heart into you? Invention, energy, wit, style, charm--they've all got to be paid for in hard cash.
George Orwell|Sharply the menacing wind sweeps overThe bending poplars, newly bare,And the dark ribbons of the chimneysVeer downward; flicked by whips of air.Torn posters flutter; coldly soundThe boom of trams and the rattle of hooves,And the clerks who hurry to the stationLook, shuddering, over the eastern rooves,Thinking, each one, "Here comes the winter!"Please God I keep my job this year!"And bleakly, as the cold strikes throughTheir entrails like an icy spear,They think of rent, rates, season tickets,Insurance, coal, the skivvy's wages,Boots, school-bills and the next installmentUpon the two twin beds from Drage's.For if in careless summer daysIn groves of Ashtaroth we whored,Repentant now, when winds blow cold,We kneel before our rightful lord;The lord of all, the money-god,Who rules us blood and hand and brain,Who gives the roof that stops the wind,And, giving, takes away again;Who spies with jealous, watchful care,Our thoughts, our dreams, our secret ways,Who picks our words and cuts our clothes,And maps the pattern of our days;Who chills our anger, curbs our hope.And buys our lives and pays with toys,Who claims as tribute broken faith,Accepted insults, muted joys;Who binds with chains the poet's wit,The navvy's strength, the soldier's pride,And lays the sleek, estranging shieldBetween the lover and his bride.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Conduct of Life|The virtues are economists, but some of the vices are also...Pride is handsome, economical; pride eradicates so many vices, letting none subsist but itself, that it seems as if it were a great gain to exchange vanity for pride. Pride can go without domestics, without fine clothes, can live in a house with two rooms, can eat potato, purslain, beans, lyed corn, can work on the soil, can travel afoot, can talk with poor men, or sit silent well contented in fine saloons. But vanity costs money, labor, horses, men, women, health and peace, and is still nothing at last; a long way leading nowhere. Only one drawback; proud people are intolerably selfish, and the vain are gentle and giving.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Conduct of Life - Ralph Waldo Emerson (With Notes)(Biography)|Money is representative, and follows the nature and fortunes of the owner...The farmer is covetous of his dollar, and with reason. It is no waif to him. He knows how many strokes of labor it represents. His bones ache with the days' work that earned it. He knows how much land it represents - how much rain, frost and sunshine. He knows that, in the dollar, he gives you so much discretion and patience, so much hoeing and threshing. Try to lift his dollar; you must lift all that weight. In the city, where money follows the skit of a pen or a lucky rise in exchange, it comes to be looked on as light.
Dada Bhagwan|People are preoccupied only with money. They are looking to see where they can get it from. Hey, why are you looking for it in a ‘cemetery’? This worldly life has become like a cemetery. There is no love to be seen in it. The way in which money comes to one is a natural thing. It is (by way of) scientific circumstantial evidences. Why do we have to run after it? If it were to free (liberate) us itself, then it would be very good, right?
Bruce Wayne|But, as Bruce Wayne will attest...you have to spend money to make money.
Amber Garibay|It is difficult to create a budget for life when we all cash out the same. Corpses have no currency." -The Years Before My Suicide
Gift Gugu Mona|It is the best investment to make an impact on others, because even when you're dead money alone will not bury you.
Robin Sacredfire|Who's poorer, the one who begs for money or those who have not enough to give away? Or are they reflecting one another and the same nature?
M.V. Carey|I began writing late; my first articles and stories were published after I was thirty, and I was motivated by money. Money is not a bad motivation. The need to eat keeps us from laziness, and the fact that someone is willing to pay to read what we write assures us that we have indeed written.
A K asnani|Speculators always present opportunities for genuine investors to -- pick under-priced stocks, and- exit over-priced
Douglas Wilson, Flags Out Front: A Contrarian's Daydream|They had money - quite a bit of it, actually - but for them, money was just bullets.
Jon Morrison, Life Hacks: Nine Ideas That Will Change How You Do Everything|Here is an equation worth remembering: Five dollars earned minus seven dollars spent = Unhappy Life." (Life Hacks, p.51)
John Scalzi|I'm more interested in becoming a commercial writer, and unfortunately, commentary on my writing from a bunch of other unpublished writers is of little utility in that regard. Being a better writer is something of a moot point, since if you're not a commercial writer to some extent, very few people will know whether your writing is any good or not.
Nathaniel Popper, Digital Gold: Bitcoin and the Inside Story of the Misfits and Millionaires Trying to Reinvent Money|If there was ever a time that Silicon Valley believed it could revive the long-deferred dream of reinventing money, this was it. A virtual currency that rose above national borders fitted right in with an industry that saw itself destined to change the face of everyday life.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|It takes brains not to make money,” Colonel Cargill wrote in one of the homiletic memoranda he regularly prepared for circulation over General Peckem’s signature. “Any fool can make money these days and most of them do. But what about people with talent and brains? Name, for example, one poet who makes money.
Rebecca McNutt, Listen is Silent, or The Usurer|Her latest client is Professor Desmond Curnin, a university professor who teaches library sciences to large groups of students. He’s quick to pay on-time, quick to never fall behind. He’s a brown-haired man with an unkempt beard and thick-framed hipster glasses. He slides a leather briefcase stuffed with dollar bills into the open window of Geraldine’s car. “Your fly’s unzipped,” Geraldine points out, disgusted. “Who gave you a license to sell hot dogs, buddy?
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|For the first time in my life I realized what a horrible, miserable, salvationless hell it is to be without money.
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|Power. It's all about that, don't you forget. People want money or power.
Sunday Adelaja|You must learn to overcome your cowardice, and put God, His principles and the things of His kingdom, that you are called to establish, first in your life
Sunday Adelaja|In life there will be so many pressing demands, and there will be a mass of pressure on you, but you must be so disciplined so that you can go through these things and come out victorious
Robin Sacredfire|Unfortunately, the main problem of the world isn't on money, as it might seem at first sight, but on the mind of those that either use it, create it, maintain it, capitalize on it, or simply, ignore it. What use would science have if people didn't have problems needing a solution? What use would art have if people didn't have a need to escape their reality? What use would reading have if there was no desire to aspire to? What use would dreams have if life was perfect? And so, I’m not saying that money is necessary. but that our mind is what makes it valuable. And once you understand this, you actually master it. The solution lays on the fundamental laws of duality. The more you disregard money, the more it becomes a fundamental part of your world. Those that love it, however, don't even need to touch it or worry about it. And how convenient that we tend to ask questions about the things we refuse to learn about.
Robin Sacredfire|Most people think that money and love aren’t related topics. But allow me explain this to you in a realistic way. When someone criticizes you but doesn’t see your value, this person is trying to bargain your happiness. When someone doesn’t invest in a relationship, but instead complains about her needs and wants, this person is overpricing herself. When a woman invests more in her outer beautify than inner beauty, she is focusing on her brand, and not quality. When the cost of a relationship exceeds the quality of what you get, you are being cheated. And there’s no such thing as cost for quality, because very often the nicest people you find are also the easiest to hang out with, and the kindest. They make you feel like your life is easy despite any challenges along the way, and that you haven’t lost anything but instead gained a lot. When someone adds value to your life, well then, that person proves to be a great investment. And great investments are worth a lifetime. They require little to be maintained but give you plenty in return. You should never let go a good opportunity, in love and wealth. And if you’re smart enough to understand this, you can be in a fantastic relationship and wealthy at the same time. If you can’t, you probably undervalued yourself.
Sunday Adelaja|When we fight with the truth and stand in it to the end, then God Himself comes and confirms His Word, His righteousness and His truth
Robin Sacredfire|I take from the poor and give to the rich. They just happen to be the same individuals. Poor and stupid before they learn from me and pay with their time and money, but rich and successful after they do. The truly miserable, however, don't know how poor they are, and I want nothing from them.
Sunday Adelaja|God is always creating something new, He wants to give us new information and reveal to us new secrets in order to exalt us over this world
Sunday Adelaja|If we continually walk with God, if He lives in us and we in Him, then every mountain according to the Word of God will melt before us
Sunday Adelaja|There is only one limitation that exists in our minds, which can indeed reduce the speed of our progress; that is the limitation of our understanding
Sunday Adelaja|As soon as a person gives place to the devil in his life, the devil has this person hooked
Sunday Adelaja|If Jesus Christ is your Lord and Savior, if the Holy Spirit lives in you, then God guarantees your success
Sunday Adelaja|We, as children of God, have an advantage over the world
Sunday Adelaja|God wants to show the advantage of His kingdom to the world, but He will not do this without us
Sunday Adelaja|Every Christian has the chance to become successful, if he will make the decision to fulfill God’s will in his life
Sunday Adelaja|A successful person will never use the word ‘no’, ‘I cannot’ or ‘it is impossible
Sunday Adelaja|If you are in Christ, then you have the heavenly position of His authority and operate on this earth in His name as someone who is from above
Sunday Adelaja|God has received us into His family, He is the possessor of everything
Sunday Adelaja|God wants to take care of us, raise us up and direct us in life
Sunday Adelaja|If you are not willing to serve God in the abundance that He has given you, then you will have to serve your enemy in hunger
Sunday Adelaja|Money makes a person significant and important , it has the ability to make us proud
Sunday Adelaja|Always be in control, do not allow money to possess your heart which should belong to God
Sunday Adelaja|Love God so much that, when you are entrusted with much, nothing else will be able to control your heart
Sunday Adelaja|If you have never planted, then you cannot expect a great harvest
Sunday Adelaja|If you are established in the church and focused on Jesus, then you are still among the living
Sunday Adelaja|If the devil succeeds in separating you and isolating you from other Christians, then he can destroy you
Sunday Adelaja|The holiness of God makes Him the possessor of all earthly wealth, which belongs to Him forever
Sunday Adelaja|We have to dedicate ourselves to a holy way of life, to justice, honesty and loyalty
Sunday Adelaja|We should be able to refuse enchanting proposals and opportunities, if they contradict God’s principles
Sunday Adelaja|No matter the amount of money a person may have , a dishonest way of life will cost him everything he has
Sunday Adelaja|Never look at how others who live dishonestly become rich, look at God and His holiness
Sunday Adelaja|God’s constant wealth is accessible to us, if we cultivate His holiness in our lives
Sunday Adelaja|The sons of God are different because they are givers, just like their Heavenly father
Sunday Adelaja|If a person cannot deal properly with what he has been given, God will never multiply what he has
Sunday Adelaja|Everything on this earth belongs to God and therefore the more your dedication draws you closer to him, the more you will draw closer to what God owns
Sunday Adelaja|God’s secrets are always revealed to us, the children of God
Sunday Adelaja|The time we are living in has its own conditions, peculiarities and standards
Sunday Adelaja|If you submit to your gift, people will seek and invite you, you will get well paid because you have perfected your gift
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Door money. It’s a distraction. It impedes judgment. It blurs focus. Chasing the almighty dollar can become the root of all evil, the bane of one’s existence.
Sunday Adelaja|To have wealth does not mean you love money, you can love money and not even have a cent
Christina Engela, Loderunner|Timaset didn’t need a ship – especially not a flying museum piece! And as far as he knew, a dodgy plasma injector could drop you smack into a wormhole ending somewhere on the other side of the universe with no way back. Well, he could always sell the damn thing. Couldn’t he? He could use the money. Damn, he could always use the money! Maybe the crew would want to buy it over from him?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Money can give the soul comfort, but it can never buy true, real and eternal life in Christ Jesus for the soul, and though it can make the soul lively, it can never guarantee its true eternal life in Christ!
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|People who are distracted by door money, neglect the production and the audience. Money becomes their god. They sacrifice their reputation in favor of building revenue. Believe me; the former is more difficult to recover if lost.
Robin Sacredfire|We only pay for what we admire, want and recognize as necessary, even when a cup of coffee is priced at the same value of a book that can change our entire future.
Teresa Lo, The Sugar Baby Club|I want you to understand that the difference between being a sugar baby versus being a prostitute is the connection. Although sometimes “sugar dating” is just a code for escorting, those people are just not doing it right. To really sugar date correctly, you have to feel something for the man who takes care of you, and he has to feel something for you.
Don DeLillo, Players|Money was spiritual indemnity against some unspecifiable future loss. It existed in purest form in his mind, my money, a reinforcing source of meditation.
Robin Sacredfire|For many people, money is an index of how successful one is. And so they fear competition and attach themselves to their shadows. Such path drives one towards materialism rather than spiritualism. So what’s the difference between such individuals and those that work in the hope of quitting their job? Well, the main difference is that materialist people separate the two realities in the hope they can earn money from the work they love and then quit the work they don’t like. And by creating such division they remain there, in the middle, trapped. They think that by following what they love to do, step by step, they’ll be guided towards the right direction. But if their thoughts were clear, they would know they’re diving themselves and perpetuating their fate, rather than solving it. They neglect the mental barriers stopping them from achieving their goal. And anyone is responsible for determining the result that one holds in his thoughts. In other words, if you had not made such division in the first place, and instead accepted the lack of duality, you would achieve your result much faster. That is why almost all entrepreneurs rather work hard and be poor when starting a business than waiting for the right time to quit their job. There’s not such thing as the right time, or a shift from one reality unto another, because you create both things, your fortune and your unfortunate, and you own your luck and results, all the time. Whatever you believe in present time, perpetuates that same present time.
Robin Sacredfire|Poor people can't understand this: It's not what you do that creates a fortune, but who you are.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|I did not realise that when money becomes the core value, then education drives towards utility or that the life or the mind will not be counted as good unless it produces measurable results. That public services will no longer be important. That an alternative life to getting and spending will become very difficult as cheap housing disappears. That when communities are destroyed only misery and intolerance are left.
Sunday Adelaja|Success will bring recognition, money and all other pleasures of life
Jeffrey Fry|Too much fame, money or alcohol can make you stupid.
Douglas Coupland, Bit Rot|Worrying about money is one of the worst worries. It’s like having locked-in syndrome, except you’re still moving around and doing things. Your head burns. If other people are not having money problems, it pisses you off because it reminds you that you’re limited in the ways you can express your agency in the world, and they aren’t. Worrying about money is anger-inducing because it makes you think about time: how many dollars per hour, how much salary per year, how many years until retirement. Worrying about money forces you to do endless math in your head, and most people didn’t like math in high school and they don’t like it now.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The more money you spend on guns, the less money you spend on people! More weapons, less happiness; more guns, more misery!
Sandeep Sahajpal|When we break 5M’s of Manufacturing Efficiency - Men, Machine, Materials, Methods & Money to personal level, the first two M’s will spell Minutes & Mind, and rest remain constant!
Jean Rhys, Wide Sargasso Sea|Your husband certainly love money,' she said. 'That is no lie Money have pretty face for everybody, but for that man money pretty like pretty self, he can't see nothing else.
K.J. Parker, The Folding Knife|That’s the thing,” she said. “You add on getting rid of starvation and poverty like it’s a fringe benefit. Like the slice of lemon you get with a plate of whitebait.” He laughed. “That’s why I succeed,” he said, “where the men with beautiful souls always fail. If you walk through the market asking the stallholders to give you a slice of lemon for free, they’d laugh in your face. Pay for the whitebait and you get a good meal of whitebait for your money, plus the free lemon.
Robert T. Kiyosaki|It is not the love of money that is evil—it is the lack of money that causes evil. It is working at a job we hate that is evil. Working hard yet not earning enough to provide for our families is evil. For some, being deeply in debt is evil. Fighting with people you love over money is evil. Being greedy is evil. Committing criminal or immoral acts to get money is evil. Money by itself is not evil. Money is just money.
Eraldo Banovac|Regarding quality, the following rule is very important: do each activity right at the first time with the aim of saving money and time. Regardless of the process under consideration, the activities that were carried out badly may cause repetitions with considerable additional costs.
Brandon Sanderson, Shadows of Self|Only expectation has value as currency,
Douglas Coupland, Bit Rot|So I got to thinking that perhaps that’s what money is: a crystallization—or, rather, a homogenization—of time and free will into those things we call dollars and pounds and yen and euros. Money multiplies your time. It also expands your agency and broadens the number of things you can do accordingly. Big-time lottery winners haven’t won ten million dollars—they’ve won ten thousand person-years of time to do pretty much anything they want anywhere on Earth. Windfalls are like the crystal meth version of time and free will.
Chris Mentillo|In my opinion, not all famous people are loaded with tons of money.
Jeffrey Fry|Too much fame, money or alcohol can make you stupid
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|Rich people have small TVs, small cars, but big libraries.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|Money is not everything, but is probably just second to Oxygen
Sandeep Sahajpal|Casinos invariably win because they push their money under the table, what remains over the table of their clients’ evaporates eventually!
Sandeep Sahajpal|If asked how much money one requires in life, the answer should be so much as to maintain the parents lifestyle growing the way it has been as long as they are alive.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Excess of money creates craving for more, and more, to the point that you are ready at first to compromise your ethics, then others’. Eventually you can compromise social, national, natural and human interests.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Those who amass wealth through wrong means not only become lesser humans in the course of amassing, but also essentially underscore that their next generations become even worse human beings.
Sandeep Sahajpal|You seek money, you’ll get it; you seek purpose, and attain it, you’ll get disproportionate amount of money along with. Just be honest!
Ravinder Tulsiani, Time Management in the Workplace|Money can be replaced anytime, but lost time can never be reclaimed.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|Being captain of such a vessel was not a stressful job, despite the sheer size of the thing. Everything was automated, and this meant that this behemoth could be efficiently handled by a far less seasoned captain. Besides, hiring mature skippers with actual experience would cost real money. And hey, the computers ran everything anyway – and that’s how Bran Johannsen enters this story – as a fine young inexperienced graduate of the Merchant Space Academy in Mars City, who only got his Executive Officer’s ticket four short years ago.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|You must tell your money how you want to live your life, and not the other way round.
Michael  Grant, Fear|Hi, Albert,” Quinn called back. He seemed distracted. And Albert was sure that he’d seen Quinn motion for someone to stay down.“How long is this supposed to go on?” Albert asked.“Until we get justice,” Quinn said.“Justice? People have been waiting for justice since the dinosaurs.”Quinn said nothing and Albert cursed himself for indulging in sarcasm. “What is it you want, Quinn? I mean in practical terms.”“We want Penny gone,” Quinn said.“I can’t afford to pay you any more,” Albert shouted back.“I didn’t say anything about money,” Quinn said, sounding puzzled.“Yeah, I know: justice. Usually what people really want is money. So why don’t we get down to it?”“Penny,” Quinn said. “She leaves town. She stays gone. When that happens we fish. Until it happens, we sit.” He sat down as if to emphasize his point.
Richie Norton|If you live for money, no amount will ever satisfy you.
Linda Tirado, Hand to Mouth: Living in Bootstrap America|I will never not be poor, so what does it matter if I don't pay a thing and a half this week instead of just one thing? It's not like the sacrifice will result in improved circumstances; the thing holding me back isn't that I blow five bucks at Wendy's. It's that now that I have proven that I am a Poor Person that is all that I am or ever will be. It is not worth it to me to live a bleak life devoid of small pleasures so that one day I can make a single large purchase. I will never have large pleasures to hold on to. There's a certain pull to live what bits of life you can while there's money in your pocket, because no matter how responsible you are you will be broke in three days anyway. When you never have enough money it ceases to have meaning. I imagine having a lot of it is the same thing.
Tero Auvinen, On Money|Yet a much more fundamentally political dimension of the socially constructed nature of capital - nothing less than the specification of a parallel universe with its own natural laws and rules for the physical existence and subsistence of financial capital and its interaction with the other factors of production - has also often been overlooked in contemporary academic literature. Under the current monetary arrangements financial capital is a peculiar creature indeed. Money can be created ex nihilo at the stroke of a pen - or a keyboard - by a specific type of legal person entrusted with the task, not other legal or natural person. With the socially constructed ability to attract compound interest in a world where physical assets rot and break, it does not share the same physical reality with the mere mortal factors of production: even in cases where productive investments which enable the payment of interest in real terms can be identified, the compounding of interest on financial capital is not temporally limited to the period that the relevant physical assets can continue to produce exponential returns in real terms. Rather than representing accumulated wealth that could be "saved" to finance investment, the bulk of money disappears as soon as other factors of production are not willing to pay a tribute to induce its continuing circulation in the form of interest payments. In addition to the inherently political nature of specifications of money have been detached from virtually any substantive connection to the rules or the realities experienced by other factors of production in the physical world that is nonetheless supposed to achieve economic efficiency and a host of other objectives through monetary calculation and monetarily mediated social relationships deserves particular scrutiny.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Performing magic in the live show thrills me. Just get me a deck of cards and some attentive audience, and I have made my day and theirs too
Balakoteswara Panchakshari|You know, When does a girl asks you for a selfie ?When she got the solution to the biggest mathematical equation of this Society.
Sandeep Sahajpal|What money is worth is never taught in formative stages, thereby everyone defines it his own way, but the fact remains that no one is able to define it ever, but still runs after it blindly.
Hyacil Han, Dropshipping Ultimate Guide: The Expeditive and Accessible Scheme to Earn a Substantial Revenue at Home|Don't find customer for your products,find products for your customers.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|For money buys all virtues. Money suffereth long and is kid, is not puffed up, doth not behave unseemly, seeketh not her own
Nitesh Sabne|Money is not single thing, it's relate to purpose.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|For a professional magician, a stack of playing cards is as good as a stack of money.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Hegemon|And were you punished? No. Why? Because you were rich.""Money and talent aren't the same thing.""That’s because you can inherit money that was earned by your ancestors," said Sister Carlotta. "And everybody recognizes the value of money, while only select groups recognize the value of talent.
Seth Dickinson, The Traitor Baru Cormorant|Trust, like money, needed a guarantee to back it.
Zac Bissonnette, The Great Beanie Baby Bubble: Mass Delusion and the Dark Side of Cute|You can make a lot of money with a good cat." -Ty Warner
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A magician may step out without a purse, but he should never step out without a pack of playing cards.
Freeman Dyson, From Eros to Gaia|my first recommendation to people in charge of science education is, more money for public libraries and museums. Public libraries and museums ought to be as common as schools.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|You can be rich or deliberately refuse to be rich. You can possess money, or you can despise money; the one fatal thing is to worship money and fail to get it
Jack London, Martin Eden|It seemed so tawdry what he had offered her - mere money - compared with what she offered him. He offered her an extraneous thing with which he could part without a pang, while she offered him herself, along with disgrace and shame, and sin, and all her hopes of heaven.
Roald Dahl|There's plenty of money out there. They print more every day. But this ticket, there's only five of them in the whole world, and that's all there's ever going to be. Only a dummy would give this up for something as common money. Are you a dummy?
Michael  Grant, Plague|Mr. Albert? Mr. Albert?” Harley said.“Just Albert’s fine,” Albert said tersely.“Me and Janice are thirsty.”“I’m sorry, but I don’t have any water on me.” He managed a tight smile and moved on. But now Janice was crying and Harley was pleading.“We used to live with Mary and she gave us water. But now we have to live with Summer and BeeBee and they said we have to have money.”“Then I guess you’d better earn some money,” Albert said. He tried to soften it, tried not to sound harsh, but he had a lot on his mind and it came out sounding mean. Now Harley started to cry, too.“If you’re thirsty, stop crying,” Albert snapped. “What do you think tears are made of?
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Where your money goes, there your heart follows.
Michael  Grant, Lies|Albert had created a currency based on gold bullets and McDonald’s game pieces. He’d wanted to call the currency something else, but no one remembered what. So, ’Bertos they were, a play on “Albert,” coined by Howard, of course, who had also come up with “the FAYZ” to describe their weird little world.Sam had thought Albert was nuts with his obsession with creating money. But the evidence was in: Albert’s system was producing just enough food for kids to survive. And a lot more kids were working. Far fewer were just hanging out. It was no longer impossible to get kids to go into the fields and do the backbreaking work of picking crops. They worked for ’Bertos and spent ’Bertos, and for now at least starvation was just a bad memory.
Simone Milasas, Getting Out of Debt Joyfully|It's not about judging you, it's about changing your point of view.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|I was thinking earlier that to know this city you must first become penniless, because pennilessness (real pennilessness, I mean not having $2 for the subway) forces you to walk everywhere and you see the city best on foot.
Lois P. Frankel, Nice Girls Don't Get Rich : 75 Avoidable Mistakes Women Make with Money|Recognize those times when it's best to do nothing. The weeks and months following a significant loss, including death, divorce, or the incapacitation of a loved one, are fraught with emotions. We typically do not make our best decisions under circumstances such as these. **Avoid the inclination to immediately put your house on the market** cash in all your savings, and move to the south of France, or trust the first person who comes along who says he or she can give you all the help you need.
Kevin J. Donaldson|Don't waste Money, Time or Mental Energy.
Simone Milasas, Getting Out of Debt Joyfully|When you are willing to be everything that you are, you become an infinitely creative source for everything in your life - including money.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 9: The Big Ride|When it comes to Vought, or any corporate outfit really, all that counts to them is profit. They send their kids on planes built by the lowest bidder. They travel on the fuckin' things themselves. Company jets or first class, they still go on 'em. Safety costs. Money's God.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|See money – currency - as the flow of energy and giving that cycles between you, others and me. Now let it flow kindly, fairly and mindfully.
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|My ship – the Demeter, was a star-liner operated by the Red Star Line. I say ‘was’ because of the events you will read about in this account. This is a long letter, I know, but I had quite a long time to write it. You probably already know this, having seen the commercials running on all the major channels for the last twenty years or so, but the Red Star Line is the largest cruise operator in the known universe. Unless something has changed between now and by the time you read this, this is probably still true. In fact, customers of the Red Star Line get more quality, value for money – and smiles by Demeter than they do anywhere else. Okay, okay. It’s an old joke – corny for sure, but what the hell.
Oscar Bimpong|In pursuit of your Purpose, don't miss the plot by concentrating on making money. Rather focus on helping people by presenting solutions to their problems for it is a guaranteed route to making money in the future.
Sameh Elsayed|Dear Adam, I spent my life trying hard to prove to people that there is somebody out there who is not bad. Somebody who does not really care about money, but cares about honor, and no matter how this went, the real pleasure in life are about those who love you and willing even to die for you.
Tice Davids aka David T. Parker|I want to be free, I want to be happy, I want to be at peace, I want to be me. I guess what I want in this world is what money surely brings. Don't blame me, for the Bible says "Money Answers All Things!
Marnie Kay, Belief Is the New Black: Unlock Your True Potential by Discovering the Power of Belief|When someone doesn't want to change then there is nothing you can do to change them. And, when someone wants to change there is nothing you can do to stop them.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 9: The Big Ride|When it comes to Vought, or any corporate outfit really, all that counts to them is profit. They send their kids on planes built by the lowest bidder. They travel on the fuckin, things themselves. Company jets or first class, they still go on 'em. Safety costs. Money's God.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|If you don't care about money, Nina dear, call it by its other names.""Kruge? Scrub? Kaz's one true love?""Freedom, security, retribution.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|I did it the hard way (a poem)___________________Many of the big dreams I dreamt,I dreamt, when I met a failed attempt.Life taught me to believe thatGreat ideas can start from a wretched hut.Many of the strongest steps I took,I took, when I was given the fiercest look.My passion pokes me to understandThat people’s mockeries, I can withstand.Many of the fastest speeds I gained,I gained when I was bitterly stained.I first thought the only way was to quitAs I tried again, I no longer have guilt.Many of the bravest decisions I made,I made, when my life was about to fade.I was frustrated and ripe to sink.But then I strive to release the ink.Many of the longest journeys I started,I started, having no resource; money partedI relied on God my creator all dawn longAnd at dusk He gave me a new song.Many of the hardest questions I tackled,I tackled, when I was heckled.They were very troublesome to settleBut I make it happen little by littleYet, it was not I, but the Lord JesusThe saviour who gives me success.In Him, through Him and by HimI have the liberty to do everything with vim.I don’t want to enjoy this liberty alone.You too must step out of your comfort zone.It’s not easy, but you can do it anyway.Jesus is the life, the truth and the way.
Michael Chabon, The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay|There is only one sure means in life," Deasey said, "of ensuring that you are not ground into paste by disappointment, futility, and disillusion. And that is always to ensure, to the utmost of your ability, that you are doing it solely for the money.
Moosa Rahat|Money is not a problem, your poor mentality is.
Jonathan  Dunne, Hearts Anonymous|What do you mean? In Old Castle? I still live with my parents in case you haven’t noticed, Jack. Those two strangers – that man and woman sitting on my sofa – are actually my parents. Oh, you mean your place? Yes, let’s evict your parents…let’s place them neatly in a cardboard box and leave it by the rubbish bins!
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|33. Satan will attempt to offer you whatever you hunger for, whether it be money, power, sex, or prestige. But Jesus said, “Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness” (Matthew 5:6).
Johnny Cash|Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Until we know who we are and why we are here, no amount of success, fame, money, or pleasure will provide much satisfaction.
H.W. Charles, The Money Code: Become a Millionaire With the Ancient Jewish Code|What a wise man knows, therefore, is how to construct a pattern that, given the human situation, is likely to lead to a good life.
Tanmaya Guru|Money! If you do not have, then you listen to me, I'm saying something.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|15. “The love of money is the root of all evil” (1Timothy 6:10, KJV). That’s why Jesus issues more warnings about materialism and wealth than any other sin. Obviously, it takes a steady hand to hold a full cup.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|I did it the hard way ( a poem)_________________________Many of the big dreams I dreamt,I dreamt, when I met a failed attempt.Life taught me to believe thatGreat ideas can start from a wretched hut.Many of the strongest steps I took,I took, when I was given the fiercest look.My passion pokes me to understandThat people’s mockeries, I can withstand.Many of the fastest speeds I gained,I gained when I was bitterly stained.I first thought the only way was to quitAs I tried again, I no longer have guilt.Many of the bravest decisions I made,I made, when my life was about to fade.I was frustrated and ripe to sink.But then I strive to release the ink.Many of the longest journeys I started,I started, having no resource; money partedI relied on God my creator all dawn longAnd at dusk He gave me a new song.Many of the hardest questions I tackled,I tackled, when I was heckled.They were very troublesome to settleBut I make it happen little by littleYet, it was not I, but the Lord JesusThe saviour who gives me success.In Him, through Him and by HimI have the liberty to do everything with vim.I don’t want to enjoy this liberty alone.You too must step out of your comfort zone.It’s not easy, but you can do it anyway.Jesus is the life, the truth and the way.___________________________Israelmore Ayivor
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney|During the day I negotiated buying mom and pop companies and incorporating them into our larger network. Sometimes we let the original owners stay on as consultants. Rarely, actually, if I’m being honest and, even when we did, it never usually lasted for very long. Mostly, those once proud owners would see the box store makeover of their businesses and decide that retirement in some warm locale really did seem the better option. Did I ever feel guilty looking at these hardworking people and taking everything they’d assembled? Not even a little. Would you feel guilty handing someone hundreds of thousands or, in some cases, millions of dollars to go do whatever tickles their fancy?
Juliana Barbassa, Dancing with the Devil in the City of God: Rio de Janeiro on the Brink|The reality is fuck the animals, fuck biodiversity, fuck the laws, and long live construction," [Ricardo Freitas] said. "All of this is being done because some people will make a lot of money, and it's being done with no monitoring, no support, no rescue of species.
Tanmaya Guru|I have a repository of knowledge, but I have no money, it means I have no respect.
Gary "Gunz" Govich|I revealed my affection towards my former employer and felt sick at myself for betraying him. My grandfather stood and poured me another tall glass. He offered me a sour tomato to take the edge off of the vodka. Pappy pulled his chair up next to mine then put his oversized arm around my shoulder and offered me his wisdom. "Feel no pity for this man James," he whispered. "A fool and his money are lucky to come together in the first place. More so, it's the responsibility of much smarter, more dubious men to party them," he finished.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|That City of yours is a morbid excrescence. Wall Street is a morbid excrescence. Plainly it's a thing that has grown out upon the social body rather like -- what do you call it? -- an embolism, thrombosis, something of that sort. A sort of heart in the wrong place, isn't it? Anyhow -- there it is. Everything seems obliged to go through it now; it can hold up things, stimulate things, give the world fever or pain, and yet all the same -- is it necessary, Irwell? Is it inevitable? Couldn't we function economically quite as well without it? Has the world got to carry that kind of thing for ever?"What real strength is there in a secondary system of that sort? It's secondary, it's parasitic. It's only a sort of hypertrophied, uncontrolled counting-house which has become dominant by falsifying the entries and intercepting payment. It's a growth that eats us up and rots everything like cancer. Financiers make nothing, they are not a productive department. They control nothing. They might do so, but they don't. They don't even control Westminster and Washington. They just watch things in order to make speculative anticipations. They've got minds that lie in wait like spiders, until the fly flies wrong. Then comes the debt entanglement. Which you can break, like the cobweb it is, if only you insist on playing the wasp. I ask you again what real strength has Finance if you tackle Finance? You can tax it, regulate its operations, print money over it without limit, cancel its claims. You can make moratoriums and jubilees. The little chaps will dodge and cheat and run about, but they won't fight. It is an artificial system upheld by the law and those who make the laws. It's an aristocracy of pickpocket area-sneaks. The Money Power isn't a Power. It's respectable as long as you respect it, and not a moment longer. If it struggles you can strangle it if you have the grip...You and I worked that out long ago, Chiffan..."When we're through with our revolution, there will be no money in the world but pay. Obviously. We'll pay the young to learn, the grown-ups to function, everybody for holidays, and the old to make remarks, and we'll have a deuce of a lot to pay them with. We'll own every real thing; we, the common men. We'll have the whole of the human output in the market. Earn what you will and buy what you like, we'll say, but don't try to use money to get power over your fellow-creatures. No squeeze. The better the economic machine, the less finance it will need. Profit and interest are nasty ideas, artificial ideas, perversions, all mixed up with betting and playing games for money. We'll clean all that up...""It's been going on a long time," said Irwell."All the more reason for a change," said Rud.
Christina Engela, All That Remains|Some children are threatened with loss of privileges such as money, cell phones, cars or even eviction from home if they do not 'toe-the-line' and 'act straight'. I don't think parents who do such things consider for a moment the kind of emotional damage they are doing to their children - or thinking beyond their own feelings about the situation - which will not change or go away simply because of their denial.
Ritchie Felix Prince .O|The poorest man around is not the fellow without a bank coin to his name, but the soul without the right information to orchestrate for himself the right future.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|In the modern city life, if you don't have money , you simply don't have life.
James Hauenstein|A life that is happy and has no money, is better then a life unhappy with money.
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|Money is not respect. Neither is power. And if people respect you for your money or your power, it isn't you they respect - but the money or the power.When you win people over who hate you for what you are or what you believe, and they still come to you to make friends - or to ask you for counsel or assistance - that is respect - and that respect is power.
Daniel Suelo, The Man Who Quit Money|I don't see money as evil or good: how can illusion be evil or good? But I don't see heroin or meth as evil or good, either. Which is more addictive & debilitating, money or meth? Attachment to illusion makes you illusion, makes you not real. Attachment to illusion is called idolatry, called addiction.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Billionaire Mindset (for MoneyMaking Mommies): How to make your Billions and build your legacy|In the end it's up to you - it's about what you see, it's about what you are looking for. If you're expecting Chaos, then you will see chaos, if you're expecting to make money then you will find ways to make money. But you need to be clear about your thoughts.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Billionaire Mindset (for MoneyMaking Mommies): How to make your Billions and build your legacy|We have to remember that making money is essentially exchanging one form of energy for another form of energy - we are exchanging our ideas, our creativity, our passions, for money...we are asking people to take money out of their bank accounts and put into ours because our ideas and our creativity is more valuable to them than their money.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible: Volume Two|For the love of money, Christian leaders have become addicted to the path to hell. Money is not a blessing from God; the path to righteousness is what God considers a blessing. Luke 16:13
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|We spent a lot of money on buying clothes, but we spend our best times naked.
Lionel Shriver, The Mandibles: A Family, 2029–2047|Of course for professional traders on the stock exchange, money had always been imaginary - just as notional, just as easy come and easy go, as the points in a video game. Wage earners like Willing's mother thought money was real. Because the work was real, and the time was real, it seemed inconceivable that what the work and the time had converted into would be gossamer.
Robin Sacredfire|Having less worries is what allows me to talk to beggars in the street or tell jokes at waitresses and try to make them smile. I couldn't do that before, when I had a job and was always worried about money.
Debois|g*d wept, but that mattered little to an unbelieving age ... for there began to rise in America in 1876 a new capitalism & a new enslavement of labor" --w.e.b. dubois
Richie Norton|Sell the results, not the nuts and bolts.
Moosa Rahat|The goal is to be rich, not to look rich.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|Get up in the morning on a mission to save prospective clients from the shabby, ill-fitting, overpriced and worthless alternatives that those charlatans - who are your competition - are trying to get away with flogging them.
Moosa Rahat|Fuck all your feelings cause business is business, it's strictly financial.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|The salesperson you’d ideally like to be and the salesperson you’d like to encounter as a customer should roughly be the same, shouldn’t they?
Praveen Chenna|Try not to say "I have" unless it’s not bought by the money. If materialism is a blessing would have not been sold out in streets
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|Salespeople who think that it’s all about price aren’t required: If it can be sold on the internet at the lowest price, you can take the huge cost of a sales team out of the equation.
Richie Norton|Would you produce, create and bring value to the world if it weren't for money? Or would you veg out? The necessity of money keeps people relevant and active. The paradox is that people who stay relevant and active make money.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|of the few certainties I've come across in life, one of them is that when a person says money is no object, the opposite is most likely true. Money is the only object—or will be.
Rafaa Khiari|You could become rich if you were born financially poor, But you can't stay rich if you are poor minded.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Judge Woodward envisioned the new Detroit as an urban Arcadia of interlocking hexagons. Each wheel was to be separate yet united. This dream never quite came to be. Planning is for the world's great cities, for Paris, London, and Rome, for cities dedicated, at some level, to culture. Detroit, on the other hand, was an American city and therefore dedicated to money, and so design had given way to expediency.
ABC|If you have life you have money but if you have money you don't have life,for life is like every precious thing you need
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|Remember: when you walk into a DIY store to buy a drill, you don’t want the drill. Your end goal is to make a hole and, in order to achieve this, you have to buy the drill.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|Your target market are more bothered about whether what you sell will get them promoted, sacked, recognised, accepted, praised or laid.
ABC|Life without money seems to be incomplete,but money without life is absolutely useless
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|We all need salespeople with humility, honesty, integrity, empathy and an old-fashioned work ethic that ensures the job gets done.
Auliq-Ice|The SECRET to financial security is not to have more money, but having MORE CONTROL over the money we presently have.
Moosa Rahat|While you numb, nuts are chasing pokemons, I'll be chasing the money.
Chris Mentillo|It’s Not About How Much Money You Make, Instead It’s About What You Do With The Money That You Do Make.
Christopher Moore|What love is not torment when a man knows not how to love himself? Talk not of drowning, but attaining your heart's desire by action: Put money in thy purse.
John Lame Deer, The Man Who Quit Money|But even a medicine man like myself has to have some money, because you force me to live in your make-believe world where I can't get along without it.
Chris Mentillo|When I Find Myself in A Depressed State, I Try and Write to Feel Better. However, If Writing Doesn't Work, Then You Can Almost Always Catch Me Watching Cartoons on Television, Like Scooby-Dooby-Do or The Munster’s. Unfortunately, I Am Watching These Programs Nearly Every Day.
Chris Mentillo, The Unhappy Heiress|I Still Have So Much I Wish to Accomplish in My Life, Before I Finally leave This Godforsaken Place -- For Good.
Chris Mentillo|Before You Begin Writing Your Book, Ask Yourself A Very Important Question: What Kind of Results Do I Plan To Receive From Writing This Book? If You Say Money, Then Don't Bother Even Writing The Book.
Chris Mentillo|Don't Become An Artist, Actor, Muscian, Producer or Writer, Etc, For Only The Money. You May Be Very Dissapointed.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|For all salespeople - Driving around and talking to people for a living, with no recognisable return for the time or money spent by your employer - is a job description that belongs in the past.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|If you sound like a contestant from The Apprentice or if the customer believes that they are being sold AT, you have already failed.
Dave Ramsey, The Total Money Makeover: A Proven Plan for Financial Fitness|The love of money, not money, is root of all evil.
Eliza Parsons, The Girl of the Mountains|Vain mistaken mortals, who, valuing themselves on names and titles, suppose that the virtues of the mind must be attached to an empty sound, when every day's experience proves that birth is disgraced, titles rendered contemptible, and riches a curse, by the vices, meanness, and dissipation of its possessors!
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|If you don’t earn their trust at the beginning, they sure as hell won’t trust you with their money at the end.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|In this wonderful modern age, if you know what you want, you can just reach out and, with the click of a mouse, take complete control of your entire buying and shopping experience.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|We all desperately need brilliant sales professionals far more than ever before – to help us, guide us, keep us informed and stop us from making diabolically stupid buying decisions.
Sammy Toora|Money isn't everythingBut, you can buy fake respect and temporary happiness with money
Henry David Thoreau, Life Without Principle|If I should sell both my forenoons and afternoons to society, as most appear to do, I am sure that for me there would be nothing left worth living for. I trust that I shall never thus sell my birthright for a mess of pottage. I wish to suggest that a man may be very industrious, and yet not spend his time well. There is no more fatal blunderer than he who consumes the greater part of his life getting his living.
Jay Woodman|Like money used wisely, awareness comes & we let it go. Like life, it arises infinitely, to tease & to soothe, to flow through us.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|Money doesn't change you, it reveals you. Money is just an enabler, whatever a person chooses to do with it is a reflection of their character.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are earning your money through violence, all this money is unethical, because violence and ethics cannot be together!
Alcoholics Anonymous|Not being a man of means, I knew that if I did not stay sober enough to earn money, I would run out of liquor.
Wilson M. Mukama|Wealth is not about accumulating money into bank accounts or pockets or having multi properties to make you look rich and famous to people, it is when you make others surrounding you healthier, happier and have balanced lives matched to your wealth so as to reflect your wealth and life for the benefit of others.
Mark Skousen, The Making of Modern Economics: The Lives and Ideas of the Great Thinkers|The nature of capital was a major debate issue at the turn of the twentieth century because economist wanted to know how quickly the economy could adjust and recover from a depression. If capital were homogeneous and highly liquid, then the adjustment process should not take long and the economy could soon be back on its feet. But if capital were heterogeneous and not easily transferable to other uses, then the adjustment process could take much longer and it might take years for a nation to recover from a depression
Deyth Banger|IF it's money, sex, stupidy everyone is one the ride fast going without thinking.
Deyth Banger|You say that money doesn't bring happiness... but you have them... don't ya?If they don't bring happiness give them to average class and the result will be called "Bringing happiness!
Jose Pratdesaba|When you have more than you need, make your table longer, not your fence higher.
Charmaine J. Forde|Don't let anyone control how much, and who you give to-people have a way of spending your money
Auliq Ice|Passion is the fuel that keeps your venture going,even when income is no where to be found.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|He pointed to the money, and said:"The love of it is the root of all evil. There it lies, the ancient tempter, newly red with the shame of its latest victory--the dishonor of a priest of God and his two poor juvenile helpers in crime. If it could but speak, let us hope that it would be constrained to confess that of all its conquests this was the basest and the most pathetic.
Charles Dickens|We spent as much money as we could, and got as little for it as people could make up their minds to give us. We were always more or less miserable, and most of our acquaintance were in the same condition. There was a gay fiction among us that we were constantly enjoying ourselves, and a skeleton truth that we never did. To the best of my belief, our case was in the last aspect a rather common one.
Timothy Benson, King of the Trailer Park|It reminded me of a study I had read about Alzheimer's disease. The study said that the disease often enhanced and reinforced people's existing personality traits. If a person was quiet and gentle, with Alzheimer's they became even more docile. If a person was argumentative and negative the disease made them unbearable to be around. I couldn't help but wonder if sudden wealth had that same effect on a person.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|Rich people always had someone to call who could arrange something that the average guy couldn't get done, no matter how right or wrong. The only call the poor man could make was to Jesus. If Jesus didn't answer, Smith and Wesson always did.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|One of the biggest lessons people on Earth have is the false belief that looks, money and power are requirements for love, when it’s the opposite.
Theodore Dreiser|The true meaning of money yet remains to be popularly explained and comprehended. When each individual realises for himself that this thing primarily stands for and should only be accepted as a moral due - that it should be paid out as honestly stored energy, and not as a usurped privilege - many of our social, religious, and political troubles will have permanently passed. As for Carrie, her understanding of the moral significance of money was the popular understanding, nothing more. The old definition: 'Money: something everybody else has and I must get,' would have expressed her understanding of it thoroughly. Some of it she now held in her hand - two soft, green ten-dollar bills - and she felt that she was immensely better off for the having of them. It was something that was power in itself. One of her order of mind would have been content to be cast away upon a desert island with a bundle of money, and only the long strain of starvation would have taught her that in some cases it could have no value. Even then she would have had no conception of the relative value of the thing; her one thought would, undoubtedly, have concerned the pity of having so much power and the inability to use it.
Robert Kodingo|At what point in your life do you say I have had enough... money, food, clothes, these possessions that we keep killing one another for even power and dominance? One advice, look at your age and declare that my age dictates I start doing this thing, I should stop doing this and that, I should say this and not that... in essence grow your brain to reason. Just like that.
Grant McLachlan|If love makes the world go around, then money greases the axles.
William Makepeace Thackeray|To part with money is a sacrifice beyond almost all men endowed with a sense of order. There is scarcely any man alive who does not think himself meritorious for giving his neighbour five pounds. Thriftless gives, not from a beneficent pleasure in giving, but from a lazy delight in spending. He would not deny himself one enjoyment; not his opera-stall, not his horse, not his dinner, not even the pleasure of giving Lazarus the five pounds.
Mixerman, #Mixerman and the Billionheir Apparent|Of course, he’s not actually a Billionaire. He’s a Billionaire’s Heir, which is wholly different from a Billionaire. A Billionaire can’t get cut off. A Billionaire’s Heir, on the other hand, can. And at the moment my Billionheir’s money spigot is in the off position. At this point, Kanish is down to his last $120,000, and I shouldn’t have to say it, but $120,000, a significant sum of money for most of us, does not a Billionaire make. Not even close.Suppose you were paid $120,000 in cash every single day of your life starting today. It would take you just shy of twenty-three years to accumulate your first billion, and that’s assuming you’re not spending any of it. You’d also need a mattress the size of a two-meter-square room, and that’s assuming you’re stuffing it with neat stacks of $100 denominations.Now, if you decided to invest your daily $120,000 payments, and you did so shrewdly, then the pace at which you acquired wealth would quicken considerably. With that kind of guaranteed daily income, banks would beg you to borrow money from them, and it wouldn’t be long before that daily $120K installment would be enough leverage for billions in secured loans. With billions in real assets on the books, you would be a Billionaire, despite a paltry income of only $120,000 per day. You see, wealth is judged not by what you have, but rather by what you owe.As usual, I digress.
James Jean-Pierre|It was always about the money, but when you want to be successful and all you think about is the money, all you work for is the money… You will never be successful. You will be blinded and make mistakes especially when you are disparate, so I guess it never really was about the money.
Deyth Banger|You can't be transcendent,... which will mean to be perfect in everything. You can try to act as such person, but there is a lot of to learn.- As first you always will know the few from everything- Everything is endless!- (The Wolf of Wall Street), forgot everything what people say to you about the topic "Money"...because money are the thing which make your life interesting. You could buy the best phone, the best hotel or the best room, the best house, the best car, the best TV, the best books... the best wife... There are outside a lot of women which will sleep with you in replace of money... so reality you need money to have them... (More far than this I can't take you, because the train is too fast It will delete everything.... <----- it will just start from here.)... What I gonna say or I will say is "Good Luck and try by yourself the finish the mission".
Daniel Marques|The funniest thing people say to me: "I wish I had your life". Hello! I make a living writing about it.
Brownell Landrum, The Tempo Builds: DUET stories Volume II - Adult Version|What is money for, if not to share with those you love and treasure?
Fiddler on the Roof|If money is a curse, may God smite me with it, and may I never recover!
Beatrice Fairfax|Stocks may come and stocks may go, but food goes on forever.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|Mr. Welper, of the few certainties I've come across in life, one of them is that when a person says money is no object, the opposite is most likely true. Money is the only object—or will be.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|When you’re always scheming about ways to make money, it’s like a part of you is lost.
Alison Singh Gee, Where the Peacocks Sing: A Palace, a Prince, and the Search for Home|In India, we have a saying: 'Always look down, never look up," he said. "When you are trying to determine where you stand in life, don't look upward at the rich people, the people with everything. Look downward at the people who have nothing, those begging on the street, those living in the slums. There's no end to looking up and feeling badly. And if you try to spit upward it only falls down upon your own face. Only by looking down do you understand your dharma.
Leinad Eibam, Published Poet|To truly strip a man of everything, one must take away his community, money, and corrode the core of his beliefs until he is left bathed in the agony of isolation.
The Holy Bible|Proverbs 22:7 "The rich rule over the poor and the borrower is slave to the lender."Galatians 5:1 "do not let yourselves be burdened again by a yoke of slavery.
Leinad Eibam, Published Poet|To truly strip a man of everything, one must take away his money, community, and the core of his beliefs until he is bathed in the agony of isolation.
Alison Singh Gee|We grew up hearing stories about how he has been cheated - out of money, out of reputation, out of a grander fate. We had lost everything, he'd wail, and that was despite the fact that we had each other.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Those who think life is money, chase it. But those who think life is sharing live to give.
Deyth Banger|I won't give 10 dollars for fucking pornography, I will give them for something which will help me to develop...
Dave Ramsey|We have a retirement crisis in America today nor from a lack of money, but from a lack of vision
Goitsemang Mvula|If you cannot do it without money, its passion exists in unknown galaxies than earth's core.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|What is a whore?"Unsurprisingly, that hadn't been one of the words we had shared over the last span of days. For half a moment I considered lying, but there was no way I could manage it. "He says your mother is a person men pay money to have sex with."Tempi turned back to the mercenary and nodded graciously. "You are very kind. I thank you.
James C. Dobson|When you understand that everything you buy is purchased with a portion of your life, it should make you more careful with the use of money.
Amit Kalantri|A family man shouldn't trade his peace for profits, it is the job of a businessman.
Deyth Banger|Unfortunately, money make us happy - look around then say your opinion!
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|The  thought system which dominates our culture is laced with selfish values, and relinquishing those values is a lot easier said than done. The journey to a pure heart can be highly disorienting.  For years, we may have worked for power, money or prestige.  Now all of a sudden we've learned that these are just the values of a dying world.
Rebecca McNutt, Shadowed Skies: The Third Smog City Novel|Mandy, I hardly think this was appropriate, not after… you know… after the funeral we haven’t had the money for any of your weird little games and I was hoping you’d be more mature now that Jud’s gone,” her father had disappointedly added. “How much’d that cake cost you?”“It’s paid for,” Mandy had argued, but her voice had sounded tiny in the harbour wind. “I used the cash from my summer job at Frenchy’s last year and I… it was my birthday, dad!”“You can’t even be normal about this one thing, can you?” her father had complained.Mandy hadn’t cried, she’d only stared back knowingly, her voice shaky. “…I’m normal.
Deyth Banger|You can receive $900 or even $1,000 but when you don't appreaciate this money they don't have value.
Johann Kaspar Lavater|Say not you know another entirely, till you have divided an inheritance with him.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|Look at the huge success of Fifty Shades of Grey. The girl in the book lets a rich guy beat her and ritually rape her, and she likes it! She finds it erotic! But imagine if Christian Grey wasn't a billionaire. Imagine if he lived in a dirty old trailer down by the river. Then that story wouldn't be a sexy romance novel, but an episode of CSI.
Jim Butcher, The Dresden Files:  Storm Front, Volume 1-  The Gathering Storm|When I started, I was pretty sure I was going to be writing some goofy little wizard novels that might make me some part-time money and would hopefully lead to something I could do better.
J.R. Rim|Get money when you don't need it, so you can use it when you need to.
Douglas W. Hubbard|Two good indicators of revealed preferences are things the people tend to value a lot: time and money. If you look at how they spend their time and how they spend their money, you can infer quite a lot about their real preferences.
Brad Hewitt|Surplus [Money Mindset]: Feeling grateful and ready to share Members of the surplus group believe they have more than enough. They don’t constantly long for more. They display a high level of contentment even if their lifestyle is average — or below. Their purchases match their needs, not their income. And because they feel grateful, they are ready to share. Most joyfully give away more than 10 percent of their gross income.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|For the wealthy, money is a tool. For the impoverished, it is the rule.
Sotero M Lopez II|Never squander money, opportunity or a good wife. They all tend to end up in the hands of someone who won't.
David Cameron Gikandi, A Happy Pocket Full of Money: Infinite Wealth and Abundance in the Here and Now|All other things held constant, to the extent that an individual or society sees, believes in, and acts in abundance, so will it have wealth and happiness.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I may not have money, but I am not poor.
Richard Koch, The 80/20 Principle: The Secret to Achieving More with Less|Not only is happiness not money, it is not even like money.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Stantasyland: Quips, Quotes & Quandaries|You can get over a million dollars worth of life insurance in case you die, but only eight to ten bucks and hour to live
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Pleasure depends on circumstances, but Christian joy is completely independent of health, money, or surroundings.
Mark Boyle, The Moneyless Man: A Year of Freeconomic Living|Earning money from, and supporting, a system that keeps these people in poverty in the first place and then gives them some of the profits in the form of "strings-attached" aid or World Bank and IMF loans is no more ridiculous than Shell or Esso giving Greenpeace or Friends of the Earth £10,000 to help clear up the destruction that they inevitably cause. Would it not be better not to cause the destruction in the first place?
Dada Bhagwan|The awareness that ‘money will get spent’ must never be kept; whatever gets spent at whatever time is correct. That’s why it was told to spend money, so that they can be free from greed and they can give it again and again.
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|Does the plain, simple beauty of life get buried under society’s so-called required daily activities or is that just true of me? No, I know I’m not alone in that feeling. We all get caught up in the making and spending of money. I know it’s not just me.
Rebecca Harding Davis, Life in the Iron Mills and Other Stories|Well, what was it to be a thief? He met the question at last, face to face, wiping the clammy drops of sweat from his forehead. God made this money - the fresh air, too - for his children's use. He never made the difference between poor and rich.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God does not need our money. He owns everything, including “our” money. What He wants [us] to discover is where our central focus of worship lies. Is that focus on God or our money?
Shilpa Menon|It's easy to make money, a lot tougher to make a difference
Dada Bhagwan|Is it not necessary to eat? Is it not necessary to go to the toilet? They are necessary. In the same way, money is also required. Just as one does not have to think about going to the toilet; it happens automatically, in the same way, money comes without you having to think about it.
Dada Bhagwan|Do you have to regret spending money when you earn money? And when it is time to spend, you should be strong that you got the opportunity to pay off your debt. Income is one’s responsibility and expense is the means to clear off the responsibility.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are only stewards of the world’s resources. They are not ours; they are God’s. When we find our security in Him, we can then give generously from what He has entrusted to us. This is our Christian duty.
Dada Bhagwan|If money is spent in the wrong way, then ‘control’ the spending and if the money is spent in the right way, then ‘decontrol’ the spending.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We can possess nothing—no property and no person . . . It is God who owns everything, and we are but stewards of His property during the brief time we are on earth.
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|He said he had evidence that the Company was giving the opposition party money, which was just preposterous considering what bad form it would have been, trusting anybody in the Third World with money.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Can people tell from the emphasis we attach to material things whether we have set our affection on things above, or whether we are primarily attached to this world?
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|When starting out, don’t worry about not having enough money. Limited funds are a blessing, not a curse. Nothing encourages creative thinking in quite the same way.
Rebecca Scott|Having money will make you look enticing to women even if you are not a good-looking dude. Don’t believe me, go ask Mick Jagger, Donald Trump, Jay-Z and the rest of the fugly men who have all the money and get all the fine women.
Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|Everything seemed so clear to him now that he could not stop wondering how it was that everybody did not see it, and that he himself had for such a long while not seen what was so clearly evident. The people were dying out, and had got used to the dying-out process, and had formed habits of life adapted to this process...And so gradually had the people come to this condition that they did not realize the full horrors of it, and did not complain. Therefore, we consider their condition natural and as it should be. Now it seemed as clear as daylight that the chief cause of the people's great want was one that they themselves knew and always pointed out, i.e., that the land which alone could feed them had been taken from them by the landlords.And how evident it was that the children and the aged died because they had no milk, and they had no milk because there was no pasture land, and no land to grow corn or make hay on...The land so much needed by men was tilled by these people, who were on the verge of starvation, so that the corn might be sold abroad and the owners of the land might buy themselves hats and canes, and carriages and bronzes, etc.
Melinda Selmys|Philosopher Jean Baudrillard made a similar observation about the use of material goods as symbols of immaterial values. He noted that any given material object has two kinds of value: it has use value (the amount of utility which can be derived from the good), and it has sign value (a value based on what the object means to the person who owns it.) Advertisers constantly attempt to increase the amount that people will pay for products by infusing them with artificial sign value. Emotional branding, for example, is the practice of using images to link a product with a positive emotional state, so that people will unthinkingly purchase the product when they crave the emotion.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Tell me what you think about money, and I will tell you what you think about God, for these two are closely related. A man’s heart is closer to his wallet than anything else.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Money represents your time, your energy, your talents, your total personality converted into currency. We usually hold on to it tenaciously, yet it is uncertain in value and we cannot take it into the next world.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We have tried to enthrone the false gods of money, fame, and human intelligence; but however we try, the end is always the same: “It is appointed unto men once to die” [Hebrews 9:27 KJV].
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Internal Revenue Service wants a record of how you spend your money, but that is nothing compared to the books God is keeping.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Today we are putting our hopes in materialism, in technological progress, and in freedom from moral absolutes. They have all failed. They’ve failed because they’ve been powerless to change the human heart. What is the answer? There is hope, if we will turn to God.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we allow our Christian faith to be adulterated with materialism, watered down by secularism, and intermingled with a bland humanism, we cannot stand up to a system that has vowed to bury us.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are two ways of being rich—have a lot, or want very little. The latter way is the easier for most.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The devil would be powerless if he couldn't entice people to do his work. So as long as money continues to seduce the hungry, the hopeless, the broken, the greedy, and the needy, there will always be war between brothers.
Criss Jami, Healology|You can perhaps, in a number of circumstances, tell yourself that you can't have more than you have until you do better than you're doing, but by all means steer clear of its reverse, the creed of defeat, in saying that you can't do better than you're doing until you can have more than you have.
Karen Joy Fowler|So many problems, however infinitely varied they first appear, turn out to be matters of money. I can't tell you how much this offends me. The value of money is a scam perpetrated by those who have it over those who dont; it's the Emperor's New Clothes gone global.
Agatha Christie, Lord Edgware Dies|If you care for money too much, it is only the money you see, everything else is in shadow.
Jeffrey Archer, A Prisoner of Birth|I never advise friends to put money in anything,. said Danny. 'It's a no-win situation - if they make a profit they forget that it was you who recommended it, and if they make a loss they never stop reminding you. My only advise would be not to gamble what you can't afford, and never to risk an amount that might cause you to lose a night's sleep
Georg Büchner, Woyzeck|WoyzeckUs poor people. Yes, money, money. You see, Captain, if you have no money. Try raising someone like me in this world on morals alone. Man is also flesh and blood.
Friedrich Hölderlin|I want to build / and raise anew / Theseus' Temple and the Stadiums / and where Pericles livedBut there's no money, too much spent today / I had a guest over and we sat together.
Kenneth Eade, Terror on Wall Street, a Financial Metafiction Novel|Once you deposit that money in your checking account, it becomes the bank’s money and you’re just another one of their creditors.
L.H.|Insurances are like very expensive flat rates, except that you have to live by their rules in hope to get back a small share of your money.
Usman W. Chohan|Policymakers cannot take the situation lightly, for at its worst, it speaks to “intergenerational inequity” – a breaking of the social contract between two generations.
Usman W. Chohan|Actions that exemplify the limitations of a singular devotion to the profit motive, also draw a troublesome distinction between what is legal and what is moral.
Henry Johnson Jr|Money cannot buy you "HEALTH.
Jeet Thayil|Isn't it incredible?, I said.There was nothing incredible about it, she said.I thought it was so because I spoke English, because I read books, and because my parents paid for my education and my upkeep. For me everything was surprising, the world was full of wonder, the most random idiotic occurrence was incredible because my luck made it so. For people like her, for the poor, the only incredible thing in the whole world was money and the mysterious ways in which it worked.
Molly Anne Marie|Greatness is not found in power, it is not found in money, it is not found in the ability to conquer. Greatness is found in humility, in compassion, and in the ability to think outside oneself.
Bradley  Wright|Money doesn't make a bad life good, it makes a good life great.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|Better than money and fame, teaching martial arts to your children; giving them your time and confidence, is the best inheritance
Vann Chow, Shanghai Nobody|He advised that I could invest in stocks to make money. Given that I have a negative balance, that was where the conversation stopped.
Celso Cukierkorn, Secrets of Jewish Wealth Revealed!|If you spent your life trying to be LIKE EVERYBODY, you will only succeed at BECOMING A NOBODY." (Rabbi Celso Cukierkorn Bestselling Author and Speaker)
Vann Chow, The White Man and the Pachinko Girl|Conventional wisdom nor scientific, mathematical prove of randomness in life could do nothing to deter human's curiosity for the unknown, however small the chance of a positive outcome maybe.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My life, my strength and my time are my greatest riches.
Alan W. Watts, The Book: On the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|Money alone cannot buy pleasure, though it can help. For enjoyment is an art and a skill for which we have little talent or energy.
Vann Chow, Shanghai Nobody|And now that I have been scammed once, I felt like it could not happen to me again.
Orrin Woodward|If you don't respect money, it won't respect you.
James luke|If you are wasting time , wasting money ....
Anthony Liccione|As troubles bring money, money in turn can also bring troubles.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|I think success might be one of the most overused words in the western world, and maybe if we changed success for happiness we would be better off, because when you get this ‘success’ will it make you happier? Are we chasing money, fame, power, ego, success, or are we chasing happiness, freedom and the feeling of being content?
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|It was her eyes and my eyes and I felt a surging sensation of rightness, of saying the right thing at the right time to the right person.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|After everything I'd lived through, I was not going to be reduced to a one-sentence definition.
Maggie Stiefvater|There were so many different versions of him. It was countless versions of a song, and they were all original, and they were all true, and they were all right. It should have been impossible. Was I supposed to love them all?
Sarvesh Jain|We all do stuff we think is right. Irrespective rules, drama or money.
Paul Silway|The Bible teaches that money is one of the fruits of being prosperous, but it is certainly not the root.
Carl R White|Some say that a woman that trades her body for money is a whore, if that is the case, then a woman that trades her body for flattery and kind words is just a whore that is not paid very well.
Erik Pevernagie|Love is blind. Love of money is blind. Greed and money make people forfeit the quiddity of life, banish them from what is essential and alienate them from themselves. They lose their identity and become drifting exiles. ( "Money rocking and rolling" )
Suzy Kassem|Blessings Are Immeasurable"You can lose A child Or a parent,The love of your life,A good job,A game,A deal,A bet,An idea,Your favorite thing,Money,Your best friend,A moment,An opportunity,A chance,Your keys,Your mind,Your health,Your identity,Your virginity,Your religion,Your shirt,Your license,ID or Passport, Phone or phone number,Hope,Faith,Luck,Your pride,Or your house,And feel like You've lost everything,And keep on losing. Stop Counting your losses,And start counting your Blessings. Only then will you discover That losses are always easier to point out and count Than blessings. And that your blessings will always outnumber Your losses, For they are truly Immeasurable.It is only normal thatPeople count losses with Their minds,And ignoreTo count blessingsWith the graciousnessOf their hearts.
Carl R White|Some say that a woman that trades her body for money is a whore, if that is the case, then a woman that trades her body for flattery and kind words is just a whore that is not paid as well.
Harmon Okinyo|Time is a currency you can only spend once, so be careful how you spend it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The House of the Dead|Why is it that a convict never saves his money? Well, not only is it difficult for him to keep it, but prison life is so miserable that a man, of his very nature, thirsts for freedom of action. His position in society makes him so irregular a being that the idea of swallowing up his capital in orgies, of intoxicating himself with revelry, seems to him quite natural if only he can procure himself one moment's forgetfulness.
CK Arora|Money is like your girlfriend/boyfriend; she/he will come running towards you and embrace you in her/his arms, only if you pay enough attention.
CK Arora|Anyone can become a MONEY MAGNET if they have the right tools, understanding, a burning desire and legitimate reasons to become one.
Mark Boyle, The Moneyless Man: A Year of Freeconomic Living|Poverty is a funny phenomenon. It is always defined financially and always relative to what other people earn. It is possible to be extremely happy despite having little money and being officially categorised as poverty-stricken. You can also be really unhappy despite earning a high salary. Those who always want something more will always live in poverty, regardless of how much they earn, while those who are content with what they have will always feel they have an abundance. Most poverty in the UK isn't material poverty, it's spiritual poverty, a state of mind in which fulfilment comes only from the pursuit of material gain.
James Schannep, Infected|Money’ll always end up bad. Man’s greed and man’s killer instinct go hand-in-hand. Watch a barracuda attack something shiny and you’ll see what our fascination with gold is. Think about it. We give actually valuable things like food and shelter for stones. We kill for it. Make no mistake, behind every man who seeks his fortune is a predator.
Matt Kindt, MIND MGMT, Volume One: The Manager|If you find that you are short of funds in the field, remember that any paper can be mind augmented to perform in the place of real money.
Sunday Adelaja|Wealth in money, mineral resources are not the real wealth. The true wealth of nation is the character of her people.
Sunday Adelaja|Unfortunately, we do not often see the advantages in the power of values and virtues. We are easily taken away by physical wealth, material possessions and the power of money.
Anthony Liccione|Money makes a monster of a man, that makes money his master.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I was stressed and scared and I had to hurry to be someone, become something, do something. I was running and talking and cursed myself when I wasted my time on things that wouldn’t get me anywhere. It was work and it was money and I was never where I was, always somewhere else in my head far, far away.
Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles|The human currency of praise is Monopoly money. It feels great for a moment to collect, but when the game is over, it's worthless.
Anthony Liccione|When water fountains start charging to drink, then you know we have a problem.
Anthony Liccione|They say money is the rude of all evil, however I know poor people that can quite fit the bill.
Sunday Adelaja|It is not money that is been jeopardized on daily basis, it is actually 86,400 seconds of your life. You are given that amount of life every day in time not in money.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|An attempt is sometimes made to demonstrate the desirability of measures directed against speculation by reference to the fact that there are times when there is nobody in opposition to the bears in the foreign-exchange market so that they alone are able to determine the rate of exchange. That, of course, is not correct. Yet it must be noticed that speculation has a peculiar effect in the case of a currency whose progressive depreciation is to be expected while it is impossible to foresee when the depreciation will stop, if at all. While, in general, speculation reduces the gap between the highest and lowest prices without altering the average price-level, here, where the movement will presumably continue in the same direction, this naturally can not be the case. The effect of speculation here is to permit the fluctuation, which would otherwise proceed more uniformly, to proceed by fits and starts with the interposition of pauses.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Any intervention, such as that of the German Reichsbank in the Spring of 1923, in which only a small part of the increasing note-expansion was recovered by the banks through the sale of foreign bills, would necessarily be unsuccessful. Led by the idea of opposing speculation, inflationistic governments have allowed themselves to become involved in measures whose meaning is hardly intelligible. Thus at one time the importation of notes, then their exportation, then again both their exportation and importation, have been prohibited. Exporters have been forbidden to sell for their own country's notes, importers to buy with them.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|I used to say why save money if I'll die tomorrow, I haven’t died yet and I have nothing to survive on
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Within the 24 hours, make some time for your own work.
Kate  Cooper, Band of Angels: The Forgotten World of Early Christian Women|The end of the persecutions was, paradoxically, a source of disappointment for many Christians. In the new climate of imperial favour, bishops were increasingly at war with their congregations and with one another, arguing about matters ranging from the mundane to the mystical. Money was often at the root of the problem, and this was distressing.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you want money, you must work to earn it.
Frederic Haddad, The BlackHat Way|If BlackHat people can monetize an opportunity (that is, convert it to money), and especially if they can scale it (that is, make money from a big mass of people), then they will do it—happily so—and even create their own sub-markets to serve that BlackHat opportunity.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|It seemed to Fire it was rarely enough one knew a person one wished to marry. How unjust then to meet that person, and be kept from it because one's bed was made of hay and not feathers.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|But there are nevertheless three conclusions that seem to follow from our critical examination of the possibilities of inflationary policy. In the first place, all the aims of inflationism can be secured by other sorts of intervention in economic affairs, and secured better, and without undesirable incidental effects. If it is desired to relieve debtors, moratoria may be declared or the obligation to repay loans may be removed altogether; if it is desired to encourage exportation, export premiums may be granted; if it is desired to render importation more difficult, simple prohibition may be resorted to, or import duties levied. All these measures permit discrimination between classes of people, branches of production, and districts, and this is impossible for an inflationary policy. Inflation benefits all debtors, including the rich, and injures all creditors, including the poor; adjustment of the burden of debts by special legislation allows of differentiation. Inflation encourages the exportation of all commodities and hinders all importation; premiums, duties, and prohibitions can be employed discriminatorily.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|That policy which aims at raising the objective exchange-value of money is called, after the most important means at its disposal, restrictionism or deflationism. This nomenclature does not really embrace all the policies that aim at an increase in the value of money. The aim of restrictionism may also be attained by not increasing the quantity of money when the demand for it increases, or by not increasing it enough. This method has quite often been adopted as a way of increasing the value of money in face of the problems of a depreciated credit-money standard.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Restrictionism, however, demands positive sacrifices from the national exchequer when it is carried out by the withdrawal of notes from circulation (say through the issue of interest-bearing bonds or through taxation) and their cancellation.The unpopularity of restrictionism has other causes as well. Attempts to raise the objective exchange-value of money, in the circumstances that have existed, have necessarily been limited either to single States or to a few States and at the best have had only a very small prospect of simultaneous realization throughout the whole world. Now as soon as a single country or a few countries go over to a money with a rising purchasing power, while the other countries retain a money with a falling or stationary exchange-value, or one which although it may be rising in value is not rising to the same extent, then, as has been demonstrated above, the conditions of international trade are modified. In the country whose money is rising in value, exportation becomes more difficult and importation easier.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|When the value of money is increased, then those are enriched who at the time possess credit money or claims to credit money. Their enrichment must be paid for by debtors, among them the State (i.e., the tax-payers). Yet those who are enriched by the increase in the value of money are not the same as those who were injured by the depreciation of money in the course of the inflation; and those who must bear the cost of the policy of raising the value of money are not the same as those who benefited by its depreciation. To carry out a deflationary policy is not to do away with the consequences of inflation. You cannot make good an old breach of the law by committing a new one.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|A metallic money, the augmentation or diminution of the quantity of metal available for which is independent of deliberate human intervention, is becoming the modern monetary ideal. The significance of adherence to a metallic-money system lies in the freedom of the value of money from State influence that such a system guarantees.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The State does not govern the market; in the market in which products are exchanged it may quite possibly be a powerful party, but nevertheless it is only one party of many, nothing more than that. All its attempts to transform the exchange-ratios between economic goods that are determined in the market can only be undertaken with the instruments of the market.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Etatism, as a theory, is the doctrine of the omnipotence of the State, and, as a policy, the attempt to regulate all mundane affairs by authoritative commandment and prohibition. The ideal society of etatism is a particular sort of socialistic community; it is usual in discussions involving this ideal society to speak of State Socialism, or, in some connexions, of Christian Socialism.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Etatism by no means aims at the formal transformation of all ownership of the means of production into State ownership by a complete overthrow of the established legal system. Only the biggest industrial, mining, and transport enterprises are to be nationalized; in agriculture, and in medium- and small-scale industry, private property is nominally to continue. Nevertheless, all enterprises are to become State undertakings in fact. Owners are to be left the title and dignity of ownership, it is true, and to be given a right to the receipt of a 'reasonable' income, 'in accordance with their position'; but, in fact, every business is to be changed into a government office and every livelihood into an official profession.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|There is no room at all for independent enterprise under any variety of State Socialism. Prices are to be regulated authoritatively; authority is to fix what is to be produced, and how, and in what quantities. There is to be no speculation, no 'excessive' profit, no loss. There is to be no innovation unless it be decreed by authority. The official is to direct and supervise everything.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Every word of etatistic thought is contradicted by the doctrines of sociology and economics; this is why etatists endeavour to prove that these sciences do not exist. In their opinion, social affairs are shaped by the State. To the law, all things are possible; and there is no sphere in which State intervention is not omnipotent.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|That the social life of human beings is subject to definite limitations; that it is governed by a set of laws that are comparable with those of Nature; these are notions that are unknown to the etatist. For the etatist, everything is a question of Macht - power, force, might. And his conception of Macht is crudely materialistic.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|History likewise shows that sometimes the 'monetary standard of the victors' can prove to be very bad. There have seldom been more brilliant victories than those eventually achieved by the American insurgents under Washington against the English troops. But the American 'continental" dollar did not benefit from them. The more proudly the star-spangled banner rose on high, the lower did the exchange-rate fall, until, at the very moment when the victory of the rebels was secured, the dollar became entirely valueless. The course of events was no different not long afterwards in France. In spite of the victories of the revolutionary army, the metal premium rose.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|For the etatist, money is a creature of the State, and the esteem in which money is held is the economic expression of the respect or prestige enjoyed by the State. The more powerful and the richer the State, the better its money. Thus, during the War, it was asserted that 'the monetary standard of the victors' would ultimately be the best money. Yet victory and defeat on the battlefield can exercise only an indirect influence on the value of money.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Neither has the wealth of a country any bearing on the valuation of its money. Nothing is more erroneous than the widespread habit of regarding the monetary standard as something in the nature of the shares of the State or the community.Such observers fail to recognize that the valuation of the rnonetary unit does not depend upon the wealth of the country, but upon the ratio between the quantity of money and the demand for it, so that even the richest country may have a bad currency and the poorest country a good one.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The oldest and most popular instrument of etatistic monetary policy is the official fixing of maximum prices. High prices, thinks the etatist, are not a consequence of an increase in the quantity of money, but a consequence of reprehensible activity on the part of 'bulls' and 'profiteers'; it will suffice to suppress their machinations in order to ensure the cessation of the rise of prices. Thus it is made a punishable offence to demand, or even to pay, 'excessive' prices.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Let us merely discuss the question, what consequences would necessarily follow if, ceteris paribus, with an increasing quantity of money, prices were restricted to the old level by official compulsion? An increase in the quantity of money leads to the appearance in the market of new desire to purchase, which had previously not existed; 'new purchasing power', it is usual to say, has been created. If the new would-be purchasers compete with those that are already in the market, then, so long as it is not permissible to raise prices, only part of the total purchasing power can be exercised.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|For once the commodities have been sold that were already on the market when their price was authoritatively fixed at a level below that demanded by the situation of the market, then the emptied store-rooms are not filled again. Charging more than a certain price is prohibited, but producing and selling has not been made compulsory. There are no longer any sellers. The market ceases to function. But this means that economic organization based on division of labour becomes impossible. The level of money-prices cannot be fixed without overthrowing the system of social division of labour.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The government desires to purchase; it desires to use the market, not to disorganize it. But the officially-fixed price does disorganize the market in which commodities and services are bought and sold for money. Commerce, so far as it is able, seeks relief in other ways. It re-develops a system of direct exchange, in which commodities and services are exchanged without the instrumentality of money. Those who are forced to dispose of commodities and services at the fixed prices do not dispose of them to everybody, but merely to those to whom they wish to do a favour. Would-be purchasers wait in long queues in order to snap up what they can get before it is too late; they race breathlessly from shop to shop, hoping to find one that is not yet sold out.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|They did not suffer shipwreck because the entrepreneurs were not public-spirited, as the socialist-etatistic legend has it. They were bound to fail because the economic organization based upon division of labour and private property in the means of production can function only so long as price-determination in the market is free.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The agents of etatism have certainly not been lacking in zeal and energy. But, for all this, economic affairs cannot be kept going by magistrates and policemen.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|All that the State need do, and can do, in order to preserve the monetary system undisturbed, is to refrain from such intervention. That is the essence of the monetary theory of the classical economists and their immediate successors, the Currency School. It is possible to refine and amplify this doctrine with the aid of the modern subjective theory; but it is impossible to overthrow it, and impossible to put anything else in its place. Those who are able to forget it only show that they are unable to think as economists.
