AVA., you are safe here.|hold company with yourself so sacredthat even when you are alone,you are whole.
AVA., you are safe here.|do not let anyone inuntil they love you so fiercely,you have no defense against their love.
Debasish Mridha|If you are a tree, smiles are your flowers. Bloom endlessly.
Debasish Mridha|In the end, we always regret the life we failed to live.
AVA., you are safe here.|you wanted it all to make senseand you wanted the most complicated answer,but the answer is simple.just be.
AVA., you are safe here.|oh, the heartbreakingly beautifultender weight of being human.
AVA., you are safe here.|love yourself first,and you will always be in love.
AVA., you are safe here.|no one needs love from youmore than you need love from you.love yourself first,and you will always be in love.
AVA., you are safe here.|there is a difference betweenloneliness and solitude,one will empty you andone will fill you.you have the power to choose.
Debasish Mridha|Stay simple like a candle, and never forget to enlighten the world.
AVA., you are safe here.|i am a womanand i am alone,and i cannot tellwhich one of the twoi love being more.
Debasish Mridha|If life is for love, then start loving at this very moment.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|All hate is hurt, all compassion is understanding
AVA., you are safe here.|i am like the moon--sometimes, full.sometimes, black.sometimes,forever and ever alone.
Kamand Kojouri|If you write then you are reborn because by writing about the moment, you can relive it for a second time.
Debasish Mridha|To fill yourself with bliss, today is the best time to start loving yourself deeply.
Rohit Sharma|Sometimes, I love to fight with you…Because, we end up loving each other more.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|The fewer the words, the better you’re heard!
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the beauty of the world, don’t try to fit in. Try to fly out of your perceived boundaries.
Bobby Darnell, Time For Dervin - Living Large In Geiggityville|Coming up with a useful, meaningful quote is getting more and more challenging each day....and you can quote me on that.
Ilaxi Patel, Guardian of Angels: A Practical Guide to Joyful Parenting|Children close their ears to Advice but Open their eyes to example.Even New Genx Moms close their ears to Advice but Open their eyes to realize their mistakes eventually. Think, Act Wise before it's Late.
Deyth Banger|So… die!?When is going to die this guy or that woman in series!????Kind of fucked up… knowing the answer and continue watching.( Dexter, Person of Interest, Breaking Bad - On thoughts)
Faisal Nawaz Maitlo|Create your own world where you can do what you want for yourself and for others. Those people who live in others' world all the time, remain in the same place from where they had started.
Debasish Mridha|To fill your world with happiness, fill your heart with happy thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|To find beauty all around you, fill yourself with self-love.
Debasish Mridha|Meditation is the simplest process through which you can create harmony between the body, mind, spirit, and nature.
Debasish Mridha|When you find a best friend, you become two flowers blooming from the same bud.
Debasish Mridha|A baby is a smiling, dancing moon in our hands just waiting to touch our hearts.
Debasish Mridha|Oh mommy! You are my world, my love. I am your little boy, and I stole your heart.
Debasish Mridha|In the deep shivering winter, I can feel the joy of a dancing summer in my heart.
Debasish Mridha|Before believing something, check the facts. False beliefs can infect and affect the mind.
David Fleming, Lean Logic: A Dictionary for the Future and How to Survive It|Localisation stands, at best, at the limits of practical possibility, but it has the decisive argument in its favour that there will be no alternative.
Debasish Mridha|To find wealth, we may not need to mine for treasure if we learn how to mine between our ears.
Debasish Mridha|If you smile with passion, you will become a model at your very own fashion show.
Debasish Mridha|Just like you can’t reap a harvest without planting seeds, so you can’t get without giving.
Debasish Mridha|The more you smile, the more reasons you will find to smile.
Debasish Mridha|We are here to know the unknown, love everyone, feel the joy of life and then we parish with infinite happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Beliefs can be dangerous viruses that can infect and affect a whole society, a country, and even a whole world.
Debasish Mridha|You are so beautiful and bright. I can only see you in my dreams. When I open my eyes, you vanish into the sky.
Debasish Mridha|When the magical lights of love touch your heart and soul, you and your world become magical.
Debasish Mridha|As a human being, our abilities are unlimited. The only limitation is the mindset.
Debasish Mridha|When you get lost in love, you become oblivious to oblivion.
Debasish Mridha|If you fail in life’s journey, just don’t complain. Make it a part of your journey.
Debasish Mridha|Remember, no one can design your life, only you can do that.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to do something better, do it with profound love.
Debasish Mridha|For thy love, I feel ineffable joy.
Debasish Mridha|Life is magnificent and vivacious, but it is also fugacious.
Debasish Mridha|In my dreams, I heard your mellifluous voice. It slowly woke me up from a deep sleep so that I could enjoy the magnificence of life.
Debasish Mridha|When you open your heart, only then will the light come in.
Debasish Mridha|When an artist paints a flower, she borrows the beauty from nature and adds fragrance from her own heart.
Debasish Mridha|A painting is a universal language which everyone can read, understand, and interpret in his own way through the power of imagination.
Debasish Mridha|Every event creates a memory in the heart; photographs remind and reinforce that memory in the future,
Debasish Mridha|Everyone has greatness in them! To bring it out, we just have to empower them.
Debasish Mridha|It is hard to think differently. To change your world, change your thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|Learn from your past, use the possibilities of the present moment, and let the future open the doors of opportunity.
Debasish Mridha|Through pictures, we can imagine and visualize the reflection of the beauties which our eyes can’t see.
Debasish Mridha|If you want something new, then come up with a new idea and take action.
Debasish Mridha|The ego says, win the world to find peace. The spirit says, win yourself over to find peace.
Debasish Mridha|If you can love yourself deeply, you will never feel alone.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness is soft and humble like water, but it is the ultimate power of life.
Debasish Mridha|When you fill your heart with love, life becomes abundant.
Debasish Mridha|Wealth is a byproduct of positive, wealth-oriented thoughts.
S.J. Kincaid, The Diabolic|Perhaps scorpions were the only ones who could save each other. Whatever lay ahead, it would always be the two of us above the rest of the universe, and woe to any who dared step in out path.
S.J. Kincaid, The Diabolic|Some might call us a monstrous pair, and they would be right. Tyrus and I were both scorpions in our way, dangerous creatures crossing the most treacherous of rivers together. Together we might sting - but we also would float.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|Eventually, Krysomallos would be skinned for his fleece, which became known as the Golden Fleece, which means I am related to a sheepskin rug.This is why you don't want to think too hard about who you're related to in the Greek myths. It'll drive you crazy.
Mohith Agadi|If someone is copying what you do, Congratulate yourself for inspiring that someone to follow your footsteps.
Debasish Mridha|Every birthday comes with a great purpose and without our knowledge, it makes us wiser.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning, wake up with the warmth and the light of the rising sun in your heart.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Shadows|You can't look at someone and tell what they've been through. The scars that hurt the most are never visible on the surface.~Caillen, page 243.
Debasish Mridha|I wish for you a goodnight of sleep, sweet dreams, and a smiling morning.
Debasish Mridha|Have a magnificent holiday! Celebrate as if holidays are a reflection of your dreams, desires, traditions, and values all wrapped in happiness and joy.
Debasish Mridha|On a cloudy day, be the sun in someone’s sky.
Debasish Mridha|Change is fearful, but at the end it is beautiful.
Debasish Mridha|Intelligence does not always define wisdom, but adaptability to change does.
Nuratiqah Jani|Ketakutan dan kebimbangan itu lahir dari jelmaan bayangan bagaimana pandangan mata mereka melihat kita. Hukuman-hukuman dunia yang membarisi akal fikir manusia sedikit sebanyak mengundang keterbatasan. Bila pun aku berkata aku telah dewasa dan bebas, tapi masih merasa terkongkong dan terikat, saat itulah aku percaya aku perlu berehat sebentar dari memikirkan hal-hal dunia yang tidak akan pernah puas dan habisnya.Apa yang sedang kau cari dan gali? Harta milik Qorun turun temurun? Gerun.
James Baldwin, Notes of a Native Son|You can not describe anything without betraying your point of view, your aspirations, your fears, your hopes. Everything.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning, introduce one positive thought into your mind. Be persistent with it until it becomes your habit. It will change your life.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|I was trying to do you a favor, you silly woman. A few more hours in the fire, and your baby boy would have been immortal! He would’ve grown into a fine young god and brought you eternal honor. Now you’ve ruined the magic. He will simply be human—a great hero, yes, strong and tall, but doomed to a mortal life. He will only be Demophoon, when he could have been Fully Phoon! Phoon the Great!
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|Flirting with random women in a tavern? That sounds like Helios. Well, it sounds like most of the gods, actually.
Shillpi S Banerrji|Don't ruin a relationship, by giving it a name.A potential lover. A lover of the present and An ace of the past.These months, years and ages, might just forget the memory And remember the terms you used to file them in a draft.
chocolate socrates|A strong woman will automatically stoptrying if she feels unwanted. She won't fix it or beg, she'll just walk away.
Debasish Mridha|In summer, a soothing warm breeze on a beach is the most soothing music for the soul.
Debasish Mridha|Every day, do one thing to help someone without expecting anything in return.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my beloved life, wait a bit at my window, go slowly, and let me enjoy it to the fullest.
Debasish Mridha|I am truly not an axiologist, but I am concerned about the value of life in all of its forms and shapes.
Debasish Mridha|As a rationalist, pragmatist, and a scientist I rarely involve myself in the cosmological arguments of the creation of the universe.
Khaled Ibrahim|وإذا أنْتَ أثْبَتتَ أنَّ الكَلْبَ أوْفى مِنْكَ، فَأنا ما زِلْتُ إنْسانًاAnd if you have proven that dog is more loyal than you, I am still human
Khaled Ibrahim|Time is your weapon, If you lose it, you will lose the battle.
Debasish Mridha|I don’t own anything, but I have everything.
Debasish Mridha|If you have realized how powerful a simple act of kindness is, you will never be rude.
Debasish Mridha|The real tragedy of life is not the fear of darkness, but it is to conform and follow the darkness in spite of fear.
Ava|i know it all ends the same, but i was interested in seeing how you would break my heart.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|stay curious and stay the brave, strong, unrelenting soldier of love that you are.
Debasish Mridha|Never dwell in resentment, but never forget to learn from the reflection.
Debasish Mridha|A good story is always written with the tears of tragedies and triumphs, and the love and kindness of our lives.
Ava|keep following your heart.it won't always be easy, but it'll be the most important thing you'll do.
Debasish Mridha|Let me be one of the people who writes their life history, not with ink, with the colors of a caring heart.
Debasish Mridha|To make it a habit, do it again and again until it becomes a ritual.
Debasish Mridha|That which is essential for life, can never be bought.
Debasish Mridha|Religion is a belief with a set of rules, regulations, and rituals created by someone with his thoughts, imaginations, experiences, and wisdom. Most religions bring about positive changes for society. Spirituality is a perception of inner truth, inner beauty, and inner reality. Spirituality involves trusting your own experiences.
Debasish Mridha|Achieving a goal is important, but what is more important is the distance that you have to travel with its ups and downs, fears and failures.
Ava|everyone is in a hurry and things are always disappearing, and i am always left standing here--alone, waiting for the things that stay.
Debasish Mridha|If a goal is only success oriented and not happiness oriented, then it will fill your life with stress, anxiety, and frustration.
Ava|there is something magical and addicting about going somewhere, being alone, and finding yourself in parts of the world you never knew existed, finding parts of yourself you never knew you would find.
Ava|they say people only hear what they want to hear,but i don't know if that is always true, i've been wanting to hear your heart and it's as silent as the moon.
Debasish Mridha|To begin a new journey is never easy, but we have to start somewhere to reach a new destination.
Debasish Mridha|To enlighten the world, let your light of love and kindness shine as bright as the morning sun.
Ava|i am not a jealous person,but when i am with you,the thought of someone elsepulling your attention away from mekills me a little insideeach time.
Ava|through the rose glass window in their beautiful new home, you stare at the love you gave away.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a piece of art drawn by love on the canvas of hope with the colors of desires, wants, and needs.
Debasish Mridha|Pain is inevitable in life; you can’t avoid it. You can only feel it. Realize its true nature without emotional attachment and then transcend yourself and your emotions beyond that level. Pain will not go away, but you find that it is not hurting you that much.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|How could this be so, I wondered, as I read Mr. Underwood's editorial. Senseless killing--Tom had been given due process of law to the day of his death; he had been tried openly and convicted by twelve good men and true; my father had fought for him all the way. Then Mr. Underwood's meaning became clear: Atticus had used every tool available to free men to save Tom Robinson, but in the secret courts of men's hearts Atticus had no case. Tom was a dead man the minute Mayella Ewell opened her mouth and screamed.
Debasish Mridha|By changing your perception, awareness, and actions you create yourself again and again.
Debasish Mridha|To find true freedom, relinquish all of your attachments.
Debasish Mridha|Your universe is not out there. You create it every moment and every day with your thoughts, ideas, perceptions, and imaginations.
Debasish Mridha|If you have to ask, ask for the ability to help others.
Debasish Mridha|You may not be able to understand the world, but you can create your own world with your perception and imagination.
Debasish Mridha|True prayer does not seek God’s help, but it focuses on what is good for everyday life and all of humanity.
Debasish Mridha|No matter where you are, just be grateful for your life and all of the beauty that surrounds you.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|oh, the heartbreakingly beautiful tender weight of being human.
Debasish Mridha|If I can’t sing, then let me listen to the songs of the wilderness and let me watch the dance of a lonely leaf.
Debasish Mridha|When you learn to feel the pain of an ant, you will truly learn to love this world.
Debasish Mridha|Be silent, but let your silence become the loudest message of love and compassion.
Debasish Mridha|Live in the moment. Don’t carry baggage from the past. Put that baggage in a history book and learn from it, but don’t carry it on your shoulder. You will feel lighter and be able to enjoy the present and the future.
Debasish Mridha|The soul is soft, beautiful, delicate, fun-loving, and always blooming. To nurture the soul, it needs sunshine and unconditional self-love.
Debasish Mridha|The language of a smile is charming, mesmerizing, meaningful, and often mysterious, but everyone understands a smile better than words.
Debasish Mridha|When I look at the moon, I can only see your joyful smile.
Debasish Mridha|When you go beyond your limitations, that is called success.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t be afraid to change. Without change, there is no life.
Debasish Mridha|You must have a definite purpose of life. To reach that purpose, you must be flexible.
Debasish Mridha|A thinker will die, but his profound ideas have wings that fly forever.
Debasish Mridha|In February when my garden is barren of flowers, you are the only flower blooming in my heart. I cherish you and adore you with all of my heart because you are my Valentine.
Debasish Mridha|Distance is an outer phenomenon. In the inner world, everything is connected with love.
Debasish Mridha|You only have one heart, but it can love the whole world and still have room to grow kindness in its deepest chamber.
Debasish Mridha|Trying to fit in will not change a society. To change it, you have to be brave, fearless, and strong enough to withstand societal criticism so that you may break the boundary and let light come in.
Debasish Mridha|Give away everything—even your heart, soul, and mind. Nothing is yours. Keep your experiences and your memories. Those are yours and they make you who you are.
Debasish Mridha|Just like a flower, enjoy the joy of giving.
Debasish Mridha|Use your greatness, love, and kindness to change the world.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the magnificence of life, keep love blooming in your heart just like flowers bloom in your garden.
Debasish Mridha|Abundance is not defined by possessions, but it is defined by inner perceptions.
Debasish Mridha|Today is the most important day of your life. Enjoy it with all of your heart. Don’t worry about tomorrow, leave it for tomorrow.
Debasish Mridha|We enjoy beauty through our perceptions, and we create beauty through our expressions.
Debasish Mridha|To have abundance, appreciate what you have with great love and share your possessions with joy.
Debasish Mridha|To live in happiness, always do something that will bring joy to others.
Debasish Mridha|To create abundance in life, travel and touch everyone you meet with your infinite love.
Debasish Mridha|Like a floating feather in the air, take life very lightly and joyfully adjust to the flow of life.
Debasish Mridha|Like the morning sun, raise the brightness of your love to include everyone.
Debasish Mridha|Even though storms will come, never fear to bloom.
Debasish Mridha|Why do you write meaningless philosophy?” you asked. “Because it gives meaning to life,” I whispered with deep empathy.
Debasish Mridha|Pay great attention to those who love you, and love those who hate you.
Mohith Agadi|No matter how big or small the service is, Always express your Thanks to the person who served you.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Through synergy of intellect, artistry and grace came into existence the blessing of a dancer.
Debasish Mridha|To overcome the fear of failure, do what makes you fearful.
Debasish Mridha|Tenderness of heart and kindness of the soul are not signs of weakness, but they are signs of inner strength.
Debasish Mridha|A philosopher is a lover and searcher of truth, beauty, meaning, and wisdom.
Mohith Agadi|If people confess to you their mistakes; Give them a chance, Because you really need those who have learnt what is right.
Debasish Mridha|You may avoid the risk of a car accident if you avoid driving, but you will lose the joy and freedom of driving.
Debasish Mridha|Like the sun, touch someone with the warmth of your kindness.
Debasish Mridha|To change yourself, never forget to challenge yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Until you break through the walls of fear, you will not be able to reach the door of opportunity.
Debasish Mridha|A philosopher is a deep thinker and a meticulous observer of nature and events that reveal the beauty, truth, and meaning of existence.
Debasish Mridha|Anger dulls the sharpness of mind, hardens the softness of feelings, and replaces the sweetness of the world with bitterness.
Debasish Mridha|If love is a flower of non-judgmental actions, then kindness is the fragrance of those flowers.
Debasish Mridha|Without taking the risk of falling, no one can learn how to walk.
Mohith Agadi|If you want to celebrate a happy occasion, Do it by helping those who are in need.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A slip of the foot may injure your body, but a slip of the tongue will injure your bond.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|i am a woman and i am alone,and i cannot tell which one of the twoi love being more.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|love is my thighs,this belly,my eyes.love is my speech,the search,my cry.love is myself in the mirror.i will see love every time.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|War is not just the shower of bullets and bombs from both sides, it is also the shower of blood and bones on both sides.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|My spouse is my shield, my spouse is my strength.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|the woman is rain,and when she falls,she is a monsoon.to love her is to drown.
Tamara Stamenkovic|Radite na tome da budete elokventni.Vecina njih zna samo da prica,mnogo vise nego sto treba.
Tamara Stamenkovic|Nismo odustali, samo smo nastavili dalje.Toksicne veze nisu vredne spasavanja.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Seed becomes tree, son becomes stranger.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Before you worry about the beauty of your body, worry about the health of your body.
Mohith Agadi|If people call your work perceptible, be it in positive or negative terms, do ask them about what made them draw that conclusion.
michell umland|Darkness doesn't have a name, Sage." His throaty chuckle traveled down her spine.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|you wanted it all to make senseand you wanted the most complicated answer, but the answer is simple.just be.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|You can not control the thought, but you can control the tongue.
Debasish Mridha|True success is there when a person has the ability to lose himself or herself in the search of knowledge and wisdom by using love, joy, and gratitude. On the other hand, societal success comes from the progressive realizations of worthy goals.
Madelon Phillips|Everyone wants to know how you can tell when it's true love, and the answer is this: when the pain doesn't fade and the scars don't heal, and it's too damned late. Jonathan Tropper, from The Book of Joe
Cristen Rodgers|We are all gardeners, planting seeds of intention and watering them with attention in every moment of every day.
CJ Quinn|The Prophecy:"The Chosen one possesses a giftThat Lucempest needs in order to make a shift.To provide pure sacred lifeAs a concession for his land's strife.If the human soloth seizes wrathThis will be the altercation restraining Lucempest fromlaunching on his wicked path.If the Chosen One learns the way,He will prevent his land from having a great debt to pay.When Ira (wrath) vanishes from Lucempest's landHealing will ensue as a component of the great plan.If Lucempest prevails in acquiring his blood as a giftIt will be the beginning of a vast rift.He will offer the Chosen One's blood to the treeWhich will allow him control, and no land to be free.If The Chosen One prevailsThe tree will offer wisdom, and Lucempest will fail.There are sextet other saligias to remove.Avarita (greed), Acedia (sloth), Superbia (pride), Luxuria (lust), Invidia (envy), and Gula (gluttony) in order to improve.These septet saligias must be replaced with septet giftsSapientia (wisdom), Intellectus (understanding), Consilio (council), Fortitudo (fortitude), Scientia (knowledge), Pietas (piety), and Timor Domini (wonder and awe), in order to create vital shifts.
Debasish Mridha|If you are the reflection of light, then how can you fear darkness?
Madelon Phillips|There is love in holding and there is love in letting go. Elizabeth Berg, The Year of Pleasures
Debasish Mridha|I came here to show you the way to happiness is not through success but through love, compassion, and kindness.
Debasish Mridha|When I hug you, I feel like I am hugging the universe of joy, and I emerge with the ecstasy of life.
Debasish Mridha|It may not be important how much you have, but it is important who you are in your heart.
J. Renard|Quando penso a tutti i libri che mi restano da leggere ho la certezza di essere ancora felice":
Debasish Mridha|Pain is not there to hurt you, but it is there to make you more aware and alert.
Debasish Mridha|When I was looking for the key to open the deepest chamber of your heart, I found that secret key of pure love hidden in my heart.
T. Terzani|...E non aspettarti una strada senza ostacoli, senza quel fuoco la tua luce si spegnerebbe. Usa la tempesta per liberarti".
Debasish Mridha|Like life, love is a constant adventure and a constant process. It is not a possession.
Debasish Mridha|I may be alone, but I am never lonely. I am always with my best friend, and that is me.
C. Morley|Quando vendi ad un uomo un libro, non gli vendi 12 once di carta, un po' di inchiostro e della colla, gli vendi un'intera nuova vita".
Debasish Mridha|To create emptiness in your heart, let it go with love and fill it with infinite love.
Debasish Mridha|I dream my life, and then l live in my dreams.
Debasish Mridha|Freedom from a tyrant is easy, but freedom from societal conformity is difficult.
Debasish Mridha|Spread your wings of love, and let your mind fly to a distant land where love is the air of life.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t judge anything. If you have to judge, judge with kindness and love.
Debasish Mridha|The whole purpose of education is to create a window of the mind through which you can see the world. Look through that window with your own profound love, joy, harmony, and gratitude.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness, not rituals, is mankind’s greatest prayer.
Debasish Mridha|The most important job in life is to find out the purpose of your life, and go for it wholeheartedly.
Debasish Mridha|The more you can forgive a person, the more you can love him.
Debasish Mridha|To find the beauty of life, don’t complain, compliment.
Debasish Mridha|Deep in my heart, an unsung song longs to know when my footsteps will not paint the shoreline of this beautiful sandy beach. Will anyone remember me and sing my unsung song along the waves and feel the breeze with love?
Debasish Mridha|The more a man understands the world, the more he falls in love with everyone and everything.
Debasish Mridha|I like to read fairytales. They make my imagination go wild, and I wander in fairyland.
Debasish Mridha|To teach better, be an example. People learn from those that do and not just talk.
Debasish Mridha|I don’t know who you are or where you are, but I know your deep driving desires. I am writing to you to make your life a little easier and better.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a balance between giving and receiving. The more you give, the more abundance will fill your life with joy.
Debasish Mridha|Beauty is important, but who you are in your heart defines you better.
Christina Baker Kline, Orphan Train|I've come to think that's what heaven is - a place in the memory of others where our best selves live on." ,
Debasish Mridha|I am fresh, I am radiant, I am full of love, and I am joyful. I am complete.
Debasish Mridha|To be kind to others, be kind to yourself first.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning I wake up with an unknown, unexplainable joy of life. Then I get lost in the beauty of the morning sun and all of the magnificence that surrounds me.
Debasish Mridha|When we believe in ourselves, everything becomes easy and possible.
Debasish Mridha|Be the lighthouse that bears the torment of the storm, but never forget to show the saving lights of life.
Debasish Mridha|You will find your true spirit when you lose your egocentric, self-centered desires and fill your mind with pure love and non-judgmental thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|Like the morning sun, you appeared in my cloudy sky and filled my world with light, love, beauty, and joy.
Debasish Mridha|To amaze yourself, lift your spirit and see through your love the beauties of life.
Debasish Mridha|Rainbows paint the sky with different colors of love, sadness, and joy.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to find peace if you are kind, loving, and forgiving.
Debasish Mridha|To reduce violence, stop teaching how to find differences and teach unconditional kindness.
Debasish Mridha|How many times you failed will not be counted, but the time you stood up and fought back will be counted.
Debasish Mridha|By giving up what you are holding, you create emptiness to receive.
Debasish Mridha|To find the rainbow and life’s incredible beauties, learn to play with adversity.
Debasish Mridha|When you are loving, kind, and true everyone will find astonishing beauty within you.
Debasish Mridha|If there is no kindness with your rightness, then that is madness.
Debasish Mridha|If you know the results, why will you try to solve the problem? If you know the meaning of life, why will you try to understand it? Sometimes it is better not to know the answer.
Debasish Mridha|What you are searching for with love, life will give you.
Debasish Mridha|When you are ready to accept the risk, only then can you open the doors of opportunity
Debasish Mridha|Success is working with enthusiasm and ambition, living with joy and kindness, and going toward a life of ultimate service and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|A true leader inspires and empowers others to hope more, dream more, do more, and live more.
Debasish Mridha|With action experience grows, with travel outlooks grow, and with reflections wisdom grows.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a magical song of the universe. To understand it, feel it in your heart and sing along.
Mohith Agadi|Gender empowerment doesn't mean discrimination, It only means equality.
Debasish Mridha|If you don’t want to be foolish, don’t try to fool anyone.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|If you don't understand it, it's art.
Debasish Mridha|The ultimate philosophy of life is not found in words, but it is found in the ways of living life.
Debasish Mridha|A beautiful life is a life that is content and satisfied with material possessions, and has an abundance of hope, love, laughter, kindness, and compassion.
Mohith Agadi|Making hard decisions in life to accomplish the dreams, It requires a gut from within.
Mohith Agadi|Human race don't go extinct but only if we treat each other as a human regardless of gender, color, class, and ethnicity.
Debasish Mridha|To create new rules, use the power of love, courage, and kindness to break the rules.
Gebby Pradana|With your brain you will be smart, with your heart you will be wise but with both of them you'll be something Awesome for Other peoples
Debasish Mridha|Dare to dream, dare to love, and dare to live.
Debasish Mridha|As I sit under the moonlit tree, your heart adorns me with the twinkle of stars.
Debasish Mridha|If anyone controls your feelings, emotions, and thoughts—she or he controls you. Even if you are longing for love, think of yourself with love.
Debasish Mridha|I may not want your help, but I always want you beside me.
Debasish Mridha|To help someone, don’t criticize or complain. Find what he does better and compliment him.
Debasish Mridha|No matter what you do and how you do it, you will always be criticized. Do it anyway.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Keep trying?I'd rather keep walking. I mean, whisky is whisky
Debasish Mridha|When a leader has an attitude of gratitude, it can create great differences in the lives of others.
Debasish Mridha|When you have your conscious mind, you have everything you need to succeed.
Debasish Mridha|Ultimately, you are defined by your kindness, compassion, passion, and choice.
Debasish Mridha|I can’t tell you what consciousness is, but I know I can only think when I am conscious.
Debasish Mridha|When you look at a flower with an appreciative heart and get lost in the magical beauty, you really get a vacation from the everyday stressful life.
Debasish Mridha|Always forget to complain, but never forget to appreciate and compliment.
Debasish Mridha|Give me an enthusiastic, purpose-oriented person and I will give a successful future leader.
Debasish Mridha|The more you appreciate the things of beauty all around you, the more beautiful things will fill your life.
Debasish Mridha|A fool always finds something to complain about, and a wise person always finds something to appreciate.
Debasish Mridha|If life is an adventure, then a vacation is an adventure to find true joy.
Debasish Mridha|In the summer, we create memories of hot adventures so that those memories can warm-up the deep frozen winter.
Debasish Mridha|In life, storms come not to hurt you but to make you stronger.
Debasish Mridha|We think that time is changing, but that may not be true. Everything else is changing and time is standing still and watching.
Debasish Mridha|If you participate in a competition, you have a chance to lose. If you don’t participate, you are already a loser.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the magnificence of life, drink every drop of life and get drunk.
Debasish Mridha|I have no special gift. With deep love, I give what I have.
Debasish Mridha|Your birth filled your parents with joy, your universe with love, and your soul with the flowers of hope. May those flowers of hope bloom with the fragrance of endless success.
Debasish Mridha|To fill our lives with joy, the morning sun touches our hearts with the warmth of her kindness and the light of her love. Let us be like the sun touch someone’s life with kindness every morning.
Debasish Mridha|Nothing happens easily in our lives. To get something, you have to attract it with the power of your love.
Debasish Mridha|The more you get lost in love, the more love you will find to enjoy and appreciate.
Debasish Mridha|You are the soul of the universe, the eyes of the world, and the feelings of nature.
Debasish Mridha|To express your love for the universe, be like a cloud to dwell in the high altitudes, and never forget to transform yourself into the water of humility.
Debasish Mridha|Even if your pockets are empty, never forget to fill your heart with love.
Debasish Mridha|Be simple, stay humble, care with love, hug with kindness.
Debasish Mridha|Loving is more important than living; without love, life has no meaning.
Debasish Mridha|If nothing excites you and nothing makes you wonder, you are going to miss all of the wonderful things that life can offer.
Debasish Mridha|Winning is something, but participation is everything.
Debasish Mridha|To get to a destination, you have to know the address. To find your purpose in life, you must set a goal, draw a map, and start the journey.
Debasish Mridha|It is almost impossible to write about those moments and feelings of indescribable joy and ecstasy which only a soul can realize. Your silent, pleasant, and blissful presence often gives me those moments.
Debasish Mridha|Photographs are the reflection of untold stories, unseen beauties, unexpressed emotions, and the unheard songs of life.
Debasish Mridha|Make each day, the best day of life.
Debasish Mridha|We are always fascinated with the past, but the future is always brighter.
Debasish Mridha|The best way of life, is the way of love.
Debasish Mridha|We are blessed with a finite life, but our imaginations are infinite.
Debasish Mridha|Like Mother Theresa, your greatness unfolds by the kindness you show to the weakest members of humanity.
Debasish Mridha|To teach someone something, appreciate even the slightest improvements and avoid criticism.
Debasish Mridha|The essential attributes of a great leader are a positive attitude, humility, and gratitude.
Debasish Mridha|You don’t need money to be kind, but you cannot be kind without a heart.
Debasish Mridha|When you share your moments of joy with friends, that memory lasts forever.
Debasish Mridha|For a peaceful world, the golden rules to live by are mutual understanding, respect, tolerance, forgiveness, and love.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy it again and again in those moments of joy and despair, I carry the beauty of your love in the hidden chamber of my heart.
Debasish Mridha|Even in silence and darkness, the heart can see more beauty than the eyes.
Debasish Mridha|To find yourself: be yourself, trust yourself, and love yourself.
Debasish Mridha|In life, nothing is impossible to achieve when you have enthusiasm, optimism, confidence, and commitment.
Debasish Mridha|In the end, you will forget to love, and you will not have the ability to offend. When you have the ability to love, love and forget to offend.
Debasish Mridha|If you can begin with enthusiasm and confidence, you are half way to success.
Debasish Mridha|Life is as precious to us as it is for an animal. An animal is as loving, caring, and kind to her children as we are. She might not be able to tell us but she can express it through her eyes and expressions. She feels joy and happiness. She is helpless in our cruel hands and vulnerable to our vicious greed. Let us be kind to animals. Let us learn to feel their pain. Can we kill a helpless baby to feed our greed? Then how can we kill helpless animal friends that can’t talk? Often we kill just for fun. How funny would it be if an animal killed a human just for fun? Let us be kind to animals as much as possible. I know we can. It is easier to love an animal than a human being. If you love an animal, it will rarely hurt you. Let us practice kindness and compassion to animals so that we may create a peaceful world.
Debasish Mridha|If any religion allows you to torture animals or sacrifice an animal for the sake of procuring god’s favor, then that is not a religion. It is an absurd practice of inhumanity.
Debasish Mridha|When you learn to kill animals, you are unconsciously teaching cruelty to other creations.
Debasish Mridha|When you are enthusiastic and optimistic with faith, nothing will be impossible for you to achieve.
Debasish Mridha|To reveal your greatness, don’t wait for a great opportunity. Find a simple opportunity to care and share your great love.
Debasish Mridha|Make nature your best teacher. With great love, learn from her the lessons of life.
Debasish Mridha|Failure comes into our lives not to fail us, but it comes to make us wiser and stronger through the lessons of life.
Debasish Mridha|When you find the way to empower others, you will find that you are a great leader.
Debasish Mridha|Let us not dwell into past thoughts, worn out ideas, false beliefs. Let them go so that you can create a new self by emptying your mind and filling it with new thoughts, ideas, and visions.
Debasish Mridha|Be a person of value, but never try to define your worth.
Debasish Mridha|The prime purposes of our lives is to help others, love others, and be kind to others.
Debasish Mridha|Be like a tree, bloom like a flower, sing like a bird, and dance like a peacock.
Debasish Mridha|To live a wonderful life, be curious and impregnate your thoughts with kindness, compassion, and pure love.
Debasish Mridha|Success in business is important. Success as a human being with values, character, kindness, and love is much more important.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you go, be the thunder of joy and the wind of optimism.
Debasish Mridha|If you see a person who is suffering from misery and sadness, wash it away with your compassion and kindness.
Debasish Mridha|Even if you are sad, don’t forget to sing the song of love.
Debasish Mridha|You may not be rich with money, Socrates was not, your life still has tremendous value.
Debasish Mridha|Some people come into your life like a flower. She fills your heart with love, amuses your mind with her beauty, and leaves you with enduring joy because she once touched your life.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is very simple. To be happy, think happiness.
Debasish Mridha|You will not be a success in every business, but if you don’t start a business you will never be a success.
Debasish Mridha|To win in life, never forget to be content competing with yourself.
Neïra, Fuiste mi verano|No sé por qué tendemos a temer tanto estar solos. Sé que no le ocurre a todo el mundo, pero hay una tendencia general a entrar en un estado de pánico tras la ruptura ante la posibilidad de no encontrar a nadie con quien compartir tu vida ¿Y qué? ¿Qué importa si eso no sucede? Nada, absolutamente nada; volcar la posibilidad de ser feliz en la existencia de otra persona es la única raíz del problema, ni más ni menos.
Debasish Mridha|Let us be loving, caring, and kind to everyone we meet in this beautiful journey called life. At the end nothing else matters.
Sope Agbelusi|Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it be your time to shine soon.
Mohith Agadi|Do not give your haters the gratification, It means you will never let yourself down.
Mohith Agadi|Not everyone around you are your friends or well wishers, Just be conscious.
Tamara Stamenkovic|Pronaci cemo se.Onda kada i vreme zaboravi na nas.Pronaci ces me negde u sebi,tu gde se krijes iza laznih i prolaznih ociju.
Sahil Sachdeva|What others will think?” has killed the most dreams,Living the mainstream has never been the mainstream,Free people know how to live without remorse,They know ships aren’t meant to stay at shores.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|All that is gold does not glitter,Not all those who wander are lost;The old that is strong does not wither,Deep roots are not reached by the frost.From the ashes a fire shall be woken,A light from the shadows shall spring;Renewed shall be blade that was broken,The crownless again shall be king.
Robert Frost|The Road Not TakenTwo roads diverged in a yellow wood,And sorry I could not travel both	And be one traveler, long I stood	And looked down one as far as I could	To where it bent in the undergrowth;	 Then took the other, as just as fair,	And having perhaps the better claim,	Because it was grassy and wanted wear;	Though as for that the passing there	Had worn them really about the same,	 And both that morning equally lay	In leaves no step had trodden black.	Oh, I kept the first for another day!	Yet knowing how way leads on to way,	I doubted if I should ever come back.	 I shall be telling this with a sigh	Somewhere ages and ages hence:	Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—	I took the one less traveled by,	And that has made all the difference.
Mary Oliver|Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?
Leonardo da Vinci|Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Resist much, obey little.
Robert Frost|A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness.
Robert Frost|Some say the world will end in fire,Some say in ice.From what I've tasted of desire,I hold with those who favor fire. But if it had to perish twiceI think I know enough of hateTo say that for destruction iceIs also greatAnd would suffice.
Mary Oliver|You do not have to be good.You do not have to walk on your kneesfor a hundred miles through the desert, repenting.You only have to let the soft animal of your body love what it loves.Tell me about despair, yours, and I will tell you mine.Meanwhile the world goes on.Meanwhile the sun and the clear pebbles of the rainare moving across the landscapes,over the prairies and the deep trees,the mountains and the rivers.Meanwhile the wild geese, high in the clean blue air,are heading home again.Whoever you are, no matter how lonely,the world offers itself to your imagination,calls to you like the wild geese, harsh and exciting –over and over announcing your placein the family of things.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship|One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture, and, if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Still round the corner there may wait A new road or a secret gateAnd though I oft have passed them by A day will come at last when IShall take the hidden paths that run West of the Moon, East of the Sun.
Seamus Heaney, Stepping Stones: Interviews with Seamus Heaney|If you have the words, there's always a chance that you'll find the way.
Charles Baudelaire|Always be a poet, even in prose.
Charles Baudelaire|One should always be drunk. That's all that matters...But with what? With wine, with poetry, or with virtue, as you chose. But get drunk.
Rick Riordan|You might as well ask an artist to explain his art, or ask a poet to explain his poem. It defeats the purpose. The meaning is only clear thorough the search.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Ho! Ho! Ho! To the bottle I goTo heal my heart and drown my woeRain may fall, and wind may blowAnd many miles be still to goBut under a tall tree will I lieAnd let the clouds go sailing by
George Gordon Byron|There is a pleasure in the pathless woods,There is a rapture on the lonely shore,There is society, where none intrudes,By the deep sea, and music in its roar:I love not man the less, but Nature more
Sarah   Williams, Twilight Hours: A Legacy of Verse|Though my soul may set in darkness, it will rise in perfect light; I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|I have drunken deep of joy,And I will taste no other wine tonight.
Derek Walcott|Break a vase, and the love that reassembles the fragments is stronger than that love which took its symmetry for granted when it was whole.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Far over the misty mountains coldTo dungeons deep and caverns oldWe must away ere break of dayTo seek the pale enchanted gold.The dwarves of yore made mighty spells,While hammers fell like ringing bellsIn places deep, where dark things sleep,In hollow halls beneath the fells.For ancient king and elvish lordThere many a gleaming golden hoardThey shaped and wrought, and light they caughtTo hide in gems on hilt of sword.On silver necklaces they strungThe flowering stars, on crowns they hungThe dragon-fire, in twisted wireThey meshed the light of moon and sun.Far over the misty mountains coldTo dungeons deep and caverns oldWe must away, ere break of day,To claim our long-forgotten gold.Goblets they carved there for themselvesAnd harps of gold; where no man delvesThere lay they long, and many a songWas sung unheard by men or elves.The pines were roaring on the height,The wind was moaning in the night.The fire was red, it flaming spread;The trees like torches blazed with light.The bells were ringing in the daleAnd men looked up with faces pale;The dragon's ire more fierce than fireLaid low their towers and houses frail.The mountain smoked beneath the moon;The dwarves, they heard the tramp of doom.They fled their hall to dying fallBeneath his feet, beneath the moon.Far over the misty mountains grimTo dungeons deep and caverns dimWe must away, ere break of day,To win our harps and gold from him!
Mary Oliver, New and Selected Poems, Vol. 1|to live in this worldyou must be ableto do three thingsto love what is mortal;to hold itagainst your bones knowingyour own life depends on it;and, when the time comes to let it go,to let it go
Greg Bear|Once, poets were magicians. Poets were strong, stronger than warriors or kings — stronger than old hapless gods. And they will be strong once again.
Lemony Snicket, The Slippery Slope|A man of my acquaintance once wrote a poem called "The Road Less Traveled", describing a journey he took through the woods along a path most travelers never used. The poet found that the road less traveled was peaceful but quite lonely, and he was probably a bit nervous as he went along, because if anything happened on the road less traveled, the other travelers would be on the road more frequently traveled and so couldn't hear him as he cried for help. Sure enough, that poet is dead.
Vincent van Gogh|...and then, I have nature and art and poetry, and if that is not enough, what is enough?
Erin Hanson|There is freedom waiting for you,On the breezes of the sky,And you ask "What if I fall?"Oh but my darling,What if you fly?
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.
Robert Frost|The rain to the wind said,You push and I'll pelt.'They so smote the garden bedThat the flowers actually knelt,And lay lodged--though not dead.I know how the flowers felt.
Emily Dickinson, Selected Letters|If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can warm me, I know that is poetry. If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. These are the only ways I know it. Is there any other way?
Rainer Maria Rilke|Extinguish my eyes, I'll go on seeing you.Seal my ears, I'll go on hearing you.And without feet I can make my way to you,without a mouth I can swear your name.Break off my arms, I'll take hold of youwith my heart as with a hand.Stop my heart, and my brain will start to beat.And if you consume my brain with fire,I'll feel you burn in every drop of my blood.
William Ernest Henley, Invictus|Out of the night that covers me, Black as the Pit from pole to pole, I thank whatever gods may be For my unconquerable soul.In the fell clutch of circumstance I have not winced nor cried aloud. Under the bludgeonings of chance My head is bloody, but unbowed.Beyond this place of wrath and tears Looms but the Horror of the shade, And yet the menace of the years Finds, and shall find, me unafraid.It matters not how strait the gate, How charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate: I am the captain of my soul.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Love consists of this: two solitudes that meet, protect and greet each other. 
George Gordon Byron|She walks in beauty, like the nightOf cloudless climes and starry skies;And all that's best of dark and brightMeet in her aspect and her eyes...
T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land|April is the cruelest month, breedinglilacs out of the dead land, mixingmemory and desire, stirringdull roots with spring rain.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|Come away, O human child!To the waters and the wildWith a faery, hand in hand,For the world's more full of weeping than you can understand.
Pablo Neruda, Still Another Day|We the mortals touch the metals,the wind, the ocean shores, the stones,knowing they will go on, inert or burning,and I was discovering, naming all the these things:it was my destiny to love and say goodbye.
William Faulkner, The Wild Palms|Given the choice between the experience of pain and nothing, I would choose pain.
Alfred Tennyson, Idylls of the King and a Selection of Poems|Though much is taken, much abides; and thoughWe are not now that strength which in old daysMoved earth and heaven, that which we are, we are;One equal temper of heroic hearts,Made weak by time and fate, but strong in willTo strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.
Dorothea Mackellar, The Poems of Dorothea Mackellar|I love a sunburnt country,A land of sweeping plains,Of ragged mountain ranges,Of droughts and flooding rains.I love her far horizons,I love her jewel-sea,Her beauty and her terror –The wide brown land for me!
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Some of you say, “Joy is greater than sorrow,” and others say, “Nay, sorrow is the greater.”But I say unto you, they are inseparable.Together they come, and when one sits alone with you at your board, remember that the other is asleep upon your bed.
Robinson Jeffers|The tides are in our veins, we still mirror the stars, life is your child, but there is in meOlder and harder than life and more impartial, the eye that watched before there was an ocean.
John Green, Paper Towns|Poetry is just so emo." he said. "Oh, the pain. The pain. It always rains. In my soul.
Arthur Rimbaud, A Season in Hell/The Drunken Boat|I turned silences and nights into words. What was unutterable, I wrote down. I made the whirling world stand still.
Dylan Thomas|A good poem is a contribution to reality. The world is never the same once a good poem has been added to it. A good poem helps to change the shape of the universe, helps to extend everyone's knowledge of himself and the world around him.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, A Few Figs from Thistles|My candle burns at both ends;It will not last the night;But ah, my foes, and oh, my friends—It gives a lovely light!
Robert Frost|To be a poet is a condition, not a profession.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|I'm nobody! Who are you? Are you nobody, too? Then there ’s a pair of us—don’t tell! They ’d banish us, you know. How dreary to be somebody! How public, like a frog To tell your name the livelong day To an admiring bog!
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|A woman knows very well that, though a wit sends her his poems, praises her judgment, solicits her criticism, and drinks her tea, this by no means signifies that he respects her opinions, admires her understanding, or will refuse, though the rapier is denied him, to run through the body with his pen.
Mary Oliver, Owls and Other Fantasies: Poems and Essays|I want to think again of dangerous and noble things. I want to be light and frolicsome. I want to be improbable beautiful and afraid of nothing, as though I had wings.
Andrea Gibson|I want you to tell me about every person you’ve ever been in love with.Tell me why you loved them,then tell me why they loved you.Tell me about a day in your life you didn’t think you’d live through.Tell me what the word home means to youand tell me in a way that I’ll know your mother’s namejust by the way you describe your bedroomwhen you were eight.See, I want to know the first time you felt the weight of hate,and if that day still trembles beneath your bones.Do you prefer to play in puddles of rainor bounce in the bellies of snow?And if you were to build a snowman,would you rip two branches from a tree to build your snowman armsor would leave your snowman armlessfor the sake of being harmless to the tree?And if you would,would you notice how that tree weeps for youbecause your snowman has no arms to hug youevery time you kiss him on the cheek?Do you kiss your friends on the cheek?Do you sleep beside them when they’re sadeven if it makes your lover mad?Do you think that anger is a sincere emotionor just the timid motion of a fragile heart trying to beat away its pain?See, I wanna know what you think of your first name,and if you often lie awake at night and imagine your mother’s joywhen she spoke it for the very first time.I want you to tell me all the ways you’ve been unkind.Tell me all the ways you’ve been cruel.Tell me, knowing I often picture Gandhi at ten years oldbeating up little boys at school.If you were walking by a chemical plantwhere smokestacks were filling the sky with dark black cloudswould you holler “Poison! Poison! Poison!” really loudor would you whisper“That cloud looks like a fish,and that cloud looks like a fairy!”Do you believe that Mary was really a virgin?Do you believe that Moses really parted the sea?And if you don’t believe in miracles, tell me —how would you explain the miracle of my life to me?See, I wanna know if you believe in any godor if you believe in many godsor better yetwhat gods believe in you.And for all the times that you’ve knelt before the temple of yourself,have the prayers you asked come true?And if they didn’t, did you feel denied?And if you felt denied,denied by who?I wanna know what you see when you look in the mirroron a day you’re feeling good.I wanna know what you see when you look in the mirroron a day you’re feeling bad.I wanna know the first person who taught you your beautycould ever be reflected on a lousy piece of glass.If you ever reach enlightenmentwill you remember how to laugh?Have you ever been a song?Would you think less of meif I told you I’ve lived my entire life a little off-key?And I’m not nearly as smart as my poetryI just plagiarize the thoughts of the people around mewho have learned the wisdom of silence.Do you believe that concrete perpetuates violence?And if you do —I want you to tell me of a meadowwhere my skateboard will soar.See, I wanna know more than what you do for a living.I wanna know how much of your life you spend just giving,and if you love yourself enough to also receive sometimes.I wanna know if you bleed sometimesfrom other people’s wounds,and if you dream sometimesthat this life is just a balloon —that if you wanted to, you could pop,but you never would‘cause you’d never want it to stop.If a tree fell in the forestand you were the only one there to hear —if its fall to the ground didn’t make a sound,would you panic in fear that you didn’t exist,or would you bask in the bliss of your nothingness?And lastly, let me ask you this:If you and I went for a walkand the entire walk, we didn’t talk —do you think eventually, we’d… kiss?No, wait.That’s asking too much —after all,this is only our first date.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|Poetry, she thought, wasn't written to be analyzed; it was meant to inspire without reason, to touch without understanding.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Always learn poems by heart. They have to become the marrow in your bones. Like fluoride in the water, they'll make your soul impervious to the world's soft decay.
Edgar Allan Poe|With me poetry has not been a purpose, but a passion.
Jalaluddin Rumi|The breezes at dawn have secrets to tell youDon't go back to sleep!You must ask for what you really want.Don't go back to sleep!People are going back and forth across the doorsill where the two worlds touch,The door is round and openDon't go back to sleep!
Wendell Berry, The Selected Poems of Wendell Berry|The Peace of Wild ThingsWhen despair for the world grows in meand I wake in the night at the least soundin fear of what my life and my children’s lives may be,I go and lie down where the wood drakerests in his beauty on the water, and the great heron feeds.I come into the peace of wild thingswho do not tax their lives with forethoughtof grief. I come into the presence of still water.And I feel above me the day-blind starswaiting with their light. For a timeI rest in the grace of the world, and am free.
Anne Brontë, Best Poems of the Brontë Sisters|I love the silent hour of night,For blissful dreams may then arise,Revealing to my charmed sightWhat may not bless my waking eyes.
Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems|I lean to you, numb as a fossil. Tell me I'm here.
Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems|I?I walk alone;The midnight streetSpins itself from under my feet;My eyes shutThese dreaming houses all snuff out;Through a whim of mineOver gables the moon's celestial onionHangs high.IMake houses shrinkAnd trees diminishBy going far; my look's leashDangles the puppet-peopleWho, unaware how they dwindle,Laugh, kiss, get drunk,Nor guess that if I choose to blinkThey die.IWhen in good humour,Give grass its greenBlazon sky blue, and endow the sunWith gold;Yet, in my wintriest moods, I holdAbsolute powerTo boycott color and forbid any flowerTo be.IKnow you appearVivid at my side,Denying you sprang out of my head,Claiming you feelLove fiery enough to prove flesh real,Though it's quite clearAll your beauty, all your wit, is a gift, my dear,From me."Soliloquy of the Solipsist", 1956
Shel Silverstein|The bridge will only take you halfway there, to those mysterious lands you long to see. Through gypsy camps and swirling Arab fair, and moonlit woods where unicorns run free. So come and walk awhile with me and share the twisting trails and wondrous worlds I've known. But this bridge will only take you halfway there. The last few steps you have to take alone.
Mary Oliver|Still, what I want in my lifeis to be willingto be dazzled—to cast aside the weight of factsand maybe evento float a littleabove this difficult world.
Emily Dickinson|How happy is the little stoneThat rambles in the road alone,And doesn't care about careers,And exigencies never fears;Whose coat of elemental brownA passing universe put on;And independent as the sun,Associates or glows alone,Fulfilling absolute decreeIn casual simplicity.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Poetic Principle|I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of beauty.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|Why, man, he doth bestride the narrow worldLike a Colossus; and we petty menWalk under his huge legs, and peep aboutTo find ourselves dishonourable graves.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|When you part from your friend, you grieve not;For that which you love most in him may be clearer in his absence, asthe mountain to the climber is clearer from the plain.
George Gordon Byron, Childe Harold's Pilgrimage|There is a pleasure in the pathless woods,There is a rapture on the lonely shore,There is society, where none intrudes,By the deep Sea, and music in its roar:I love not Man the less, but Nature more,From these our interviews, in which I stealFrom all I may be, or have been before,To mingle with the Universe, and feelWhat I can ne’er express, yet cannot all conceal.
Rainer Maria Rilke|You who never arrived in my arms, Beloved, who were lost from the start, I don't even know what songs would please you. I have given up trying to recognize you in the surging wave of the next moment. All the immense images in me -- the far-off, deeply-felt landscape, cities, towers, and bridges, and un-suspected turns in the path, and those powerful lands that were once pulsing with the life of the gods-- all rise within me to mean you, who forever elude me. You, Beloved, who are all the gardens I have ever gazed at, longing. An open window in a country house-- , and you almost stepped out, pensive, to meet me. Streets that I chanced  upon,-- you had just walked down them and vanished. And sometimes, in a shop, the mirrors were still dizzy with your presence and, startled, gave back my too-sudden image. Who knows? Perhaps the same bird echoed through both of us yesterday, separate, in the evening... 
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|I wanted all thingsTo seem to make some sense,So we could all be happy, yes,Instead of tense.And I made up liesSo that they all fit nice,And I made this sad worldA par-a-dise.
William Blake, Jerusalem|I must create a system, or be enslaved by another man's. I will not reason and compare: my business is to create.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|I am too alone in the world, and yet not alone enoughto make every moment holy.I am too tiny in this world, and not tiny enoughjust to lie before you like a thing,shrewd and secretive.I want my own will, and I want simply to be with my will,as it goes toward action;and in those quiet, sometimes hardly moving times,when something is coming near,I want to be with those who know secret thingsor else alone.I want to be a mirror for your whole body,and I never want to be blind, or to be too oldto hold up your heavy and swaying picture.I want to unfold.I don’t want to stay folded anywhere,because where I am folded, there I am a lie.and I want my grasp of things to betrue before you. I want to describe myselflike a painting that I looked atclosely for a long time,like a saying that I finally understood,like the pitcher I use every day,like the face of my mother,like a shipthat carried methrough the wildest storm of all.
W.H. Auden|You shall love your crooked neighbour, with your crooked heart.
John Keats, The Complete Poems|Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheardAre sweeter; therefore, ye soft pipes, play on.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Like a sculptor, if necessary,carve a friend out of stone.Realize that your inner sight is blindand try to see a treasure in everyone.
George Eliot, O May I Join the Choir Invisible! And Other Favourite Poems|O may I join the choir invisibleOf those immortal dead who live againIn minds made better by their presence; liveIn pulses stirred to generosity,In deeds of daring rectitude...
E.E. Cummings|nothing which we are to perceive in this world equals the power of your intense fragility:whose texture compels me with the colour of its countries, rendering death and forever with each breathing (i do not know what it is about you that closes and opens;only something in me understands the voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses) nobody,not even the rain, has such small hands-excerpt of #35 from "100 Selected Poems
Edgar Allan Poe|To elevate the soul, poetry is necessary.
Alfred Tennyson, The Complete Works of Alfred Tennyson|Once in a golden hour I cast to earth a seed. Up there came a flower, The people said, a weed.
W.H. Auden, The Complete Works of W.H. Auden: Prose, Volume II: 1939-1948|A poet is, before anything else, a person who is passionately in love with language.
T.S. Eliot|Time for you and time for me,	And time yet for a hundred indecisions,	And for a hundred visions and revisions,	Before the taking of a toast and tea.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Complete Poems|What if you slept And what if In your sleep You dreamed And what if In your dream You went to heaven And there plucked a strange and beautiful flower And what if When you awoke You had that flower in you hand Ah, what then?
Judith Minty, Letters to My Daughters|I give you this to take with you:Nothing remains as it was. If you know this, you canbegin again, with pure joy in the uprooting.
Emily Dickinson|PHOSPHORESCENCE. Now there's a word to lift your hat to... to find that phosphorescence, that light within, that's the genius behind poetry.
Pablo Neruda, Still Another Day|The days aren't discarded or collected, they are beesthat burned with sweetness or maddenedthe sting: the struggle continues,the journeys go and come between honey and pain.No, the net of years doesn't unweave: there is no net.They don't fall drop by drop from a river: there is no river.Sleep doesn't divide life into halves,or action, or silence, or honor:life is like a stone, a single motion,a lonesome bonfire reflected on the leaves,an arrow, only one, slow or swift, a metalthat climbs or descends burning in your bones.
Walt Whitman, Complete Prose Works|Note, to-day, an instructive, curious spectacle and conflict. Science, (twin, in its fields, of Democracy in its)—Science, testing absolutely all thoughts, all works, has already burst well upon the world—a sun, mounting, most illuminating, most glorious—surely never again to set. But against it, deeply entrench'd, holding possession, yet remains, (not only through the churches and schools, but by imaginative literature, and unregenerate poetry,) the fossil theology of the mythic-materialistic, superstitious, untaught and credulous, fable-loving, primitive ages of humanity.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|We wanderers, ever seeking the lonelier way, begin no day where we have ended another day; and no sunrise finds us where sunset left us. Even while the earth sleeps we travel. We are the seeds of the tenacious plant, and it is in our ripeness and our fullness of heart that we are given to the wind and are scattered.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|You have been told that, even like a chain, you are as weak as your weakest link.This is but half the truth.You are also as strong as your strongest link.To measure you by your smallest deed is to reckon the power of the oceanby the frailty of its foam.To judge you by your failures is to cast blame upon the seasons for their inconstancy.
Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems|I Am VerticalBut I would rather be horizontal.I am not a tree with my root in the soilSucking up minerals and motherly loveSo that each March I may gleam into leaf,Nor am I the beauty of a garden bedAttracting my share of Ahs and spectacularly painted,Unknowing I must soon unpetal.Compared with me, a tree is immortalAnd a flower-head not tall, but more startling,And I want the one's longevity and the other's daring.Tonight, in the infinitesimal light of the stars,The trees and flowers have been strewing their cool odors.I walk among them, but none of them are noticing.Sometimes I think that when I am sleepingI must most perfectly resemble them--Thoughts gone dim.It is more natural to me, lying down.Then the sky and I are in open conversation,And I shall be useful when I lie down finally:The the trees may touch me for once, and the flowers have time for me."I Am Vertical", 28 March 1961
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|You will hear thunder and remember me, And think: she wanted storms. The rim Of the sky will be the colour of hard crimson, And your heart, as it was then, will be on fire.
Maya Angelou, Phenomenal Woman: Four Poems Celebrating Women|It’s the fire in my eyes, And the flash of my teeth, The swing in my waist, And the joy in my feet. I’m a woman Phenomenally.
Mary Oliver, A Poetry Handbook|Poetry is a life-cherishing force. For poems are not words, after all, but fires for the cold, ropes let down to the lost, something as necessary as bread in the pockets of the hungry.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|If we surrenderedto earth's intelligencewe could rise up rooted, like trees.
Jim Morrison|Listen, real poetry doesn't say anything; it just ticks off the possibilities. Opens all doors. You can walk through anyone that suits you.
Andrew Motion|Poems are a hotline to our hearts, and we forget this emotional power at our peril.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|Turning and turning in the widening gyreThe falcon cannot hear the falconer;Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhereThe ceremony of innocence is drowned;The best lack all conviction, while the worstAre full of passionate intensity.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|There's an old saying that applies to me: you can't lose a game if you don't play the game. (Act 1, scene 4)
Rainer Maria Rilke|It is always what I have already said: always the wish that you may find patience enough in yourself to endure, and simplicity enough to believe; that you may acquire more and more confidence in that which is difficult, and in your solitude among others. And for the rest, let life happen to you. Believe me: life is right, in any case.
Langston Hughes, Selected Poems|Looks like what drives me crazyDon't have no effect on you--But I'm gonna keep on at itTill it drives you crazy, too.
William Wordsworth|What though the radiance which was once so brightBe now for ever taken from my sight,Though nothing can bring back the hourOf splendour in the grass, of glory in the flower;We will grieve not, rather findStrength in what remains behind;In the primal sympathyWhich having been must ever be;In the soothing thoughts that springOut of human suffering;In the faith that looks through death,In years that bring the philosophic mind.
T.S. Eliot|Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality but an escape from personality. But, of course, only those who have personality and emotion know what it means to want to escape from these.
Julia Donaldson|I opened a book and in I strode.Now nobody can find me.I've left my chair, my house, my road,My town and my world behind me.I'm wearing the cloak, I've slipped on the ring,I've swallowed the magic potion.I've fought with a dragon, dined with a kingAnd dived in a bottomless ocean.I opened a book and made some friends.I shared their tears and laughterAnd followed their road with its bumps and bendsTo the happily ever after.I finished my book and out I came.The cloak can no longer hide me.My chair and my house are just the same,But I have a book inside me.
Edgar Allan Poe, Alone|From childhood's hour I have not beenAs others were; I have not seenAs others saw; I could not bringMy passions from a common spring.From the same source I have not takenMy sorrow; I could not awakenMy heart to joy at the same tone;And all I loved, I loved alone.Then- in my childhood, in the dawnOf a most stormy life- was drawnFrom every depth of good and illThe mystery which binds me still:From the torrent, or the fountain,From the red cliff of the mountain,From the sun that round me rolledIn its autumn tint of gold,From the lightning in the skyAs it passed me flying by,From the thunder and the storm,And the cloud that took the form(When the rest of Heaven was blue)Of a demon in my view.
William Shakespeare, The Passionate Pilgrim|He that is thy friend indeed,He will help thee in thy need:If thou sorrow, he will weep;If thou wake, he cannot sleep:Thus of every grief in heartHe with thee doth bear a part.These are certain signs to knowFaithful friend from flattering foe.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|You had this expression on your face, like you weren’t quite sure you were supposed to be on Earth.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|I have been used to consider poetry as "the food of love" said Darcy."Of a fine, stout, healthy love it may. Everything nourishes what isstrong already. But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, Iam convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.
Veronica Franco, Poems and Selected Letters|So sweet and delicious do I become,when I am in bed with a manwho, I sense, loves and enjoys me,that the pleasure I bring excels all delight,so the knot of love, however tightit seemed before, is tied tighter still.
Salman Rushdie|A poet's work . . . to name the unnamable, to point at frauds, to take sides, start arguments, shape the world and stop it from going to sleep.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|Green was the silence, wet was the light,the month of June trembled like a butterfly.
Rainer Maria Rilke|You darkness, that I come from,I love you more than all the firesthat fence in the world,for the fire makesa circle of light for everyone,and then no one outside learns of you.But the darkness pulls in everything:shapes and fires, animals and myself,how easily it gathers them! -powers and people -and it is possible a great energyis moving near me.I have faith in nights.
Truman Capote, Truman Capote: Conversations|To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the music the words make.
Sanober  Khan|the saddest thing is to bea minute to someone,when you've made them your eternity.
Clementine von Radics|My battered heart will always be where the ocean meets the sand, I will break over and overEvery day. That is the best andworst part of me.
Tim Burton|Voodoo GirlHer skin is white cloth,and she's all sewn apartand she has many colored pinssticking out of her heart.She has many different zombieswho are deeply in her trance.She even has a zombiewho was originally from France.But she knows she has a curse on her,a curse she cannot win.For if someone getstoo close to her,the pins stick farther in.
Ted Hughes, Birthday Letters|Nobody wanted your dance,Nobody wanted your strange glitter, your flounderingDrowning life and your effort to save yourself,Treading water, dancing the dark turmoil,Looking for something to give.
Sarah Kay|The TypeEveryone needs a place. It shouldn't be inside of someone else. -Richard SikenIf you grow up the type of woman men want to look at,you can let them look at you. But do not mistake eyes for hands.Or windows.Or mirrors.Let them see what a woman looks like.They may not have ever seen one before.If you grow up the type of woman men want to touch,you can let them touch you.Sometimes it is not you they are reaching for.Sometimes it is a bottle. A door. A sandwich. A Pulitzer. Another woman.But their hands found you first. Do not mistake yourself for a guardian.Or a muse. Or a promise. Or a victim. Or a snack.You are a woman. Skin and bones. Veins and nerves. Hair and sweat.You are not made of metaphors. Not apologies. Not excuses.If you grow up the type of woman men want to hold,you can let them hold you.All day they practice keeping their bodies upright--even after all this evolving, it still feels unnatural, still strains the muscles,holds firm the arms and spine. Only some men will want to learnwhat it feels like to curl themselves into a question mark around you,admit they do not have the answersthey thought they would have by now;some men will want to hold you like The Answer.You are not The Answer.You are not the problem. You are not the poemor the punchline or the riddle or the joke.Woman. If you grow up the type men want to love,You can let them love you.Being loved is not the same thing as loving.When you fall in love, it is discovering the oceanafter years of puddle jumping. It is realizing you have hands.It is reaching for the tightrope when the crowds have all gone home.Do not spend time wondering if you are the type of womanmen will hurt. If he leaves you with a car alarm heart, you learn to sing along.It is hard to stop loving the ocean. Even after it has left you gasping, salty.Forgive yourself for the decisions you have made, the ones you still callmistakes when you tuck them in at night. And know this:Know you are the type of woman who is searching for a place to call yours.Let the statues crumble.You have always been the place.You are a woman who can build it yourself.You were born to build.
Omar Khayyám|The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,Moves on: nor all thy Piety nor WitShall lure it back to cancel half a Line,Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner|Water, water, everywhere,And all the boards did shrink;Water, water, everywhere,Nor any drop to drink.
William Carlos Williams, Paterson|We sit and talk,quietly, with long lapses of silenceand I am aware of the streamthat has no language, coursingbeneath the quiet heaven ofyour eyeswhich has no speech
Randall Jarrell|A poet is a man who manages, in a lifetime of standing out in thunderstorms, to be struck by lightning five or six times.
Ezra Pound|Speak against unconscious oppression,Speak against the tyranny of the unimaginative,Speak against bonds.
Pablo Neruda|I want to see thirstIn the syllables,Tough fireIn the sound;Feel through the darkFor the scream.
Wallace Stevens|I do not know which to prefer,The beauty of inflectionsOr the beauty of innuendosThe blackbird whistlingOr just after.
Anne Sexton|Saints have no moderation, nor do poets, just exuberance.
Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Poetry as Insurgent Art|Poetry is a naked woman, a naked man, and the distance between them.
Sanober  Khan|a flower knows, when its butterfly will return, and if the moon walks out, the sky will understand;but now it hurts, to watch you leave so soon,when I don't know, if you will ever come back.
Anne Sexton, The Complete Poems|Only my books anoint me, and a few friends, those who reach into my veins.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I will soothe you and heal you,I will bring you roses.I too have been covered with thorns.
Tim Burton|The Girl With Many EyesOne day in the parkI had quite a surprise.I met a girlwho had many eyes.She was really quite pretty(and also quite shocking!)and I noticed she had a mouth,so we ended up talking.We talked about flowers,and her poetry classes,and the problems she'd haveif she ever wore glasses.It's great to know a girlwho has so many eyes,but you really get wetwhen she breaks down and cries.
Tyler Knott Gregson|Some days I wake upand all I feelare the fracturesin the flesh that coversthe only meI've ever known.Some days,it's those exact fissuresthat let the lighthiding inside mepour outand coverin goldeveryonethat found enough beautyin the cracksto standclose.
John Fowles, The Magus|To write poetry and to commit suicide, apparently so contradictory, had really been the same, attempts at escape.
Emily Dickinson, I'm Nobody! Who Are You?|I measure every Grief I meetWith narrow, probing, Eyes;I wonder if It weighs like Mine,Or has an Easier size. I wonder if They bore it long,Or did it just begin?I could not tell the Date of Mine, It feels so old a pain. I wonder if it hurts to live,And if They have to try,And whether, could They choose between, It would not be, to die. I note that Some -- gone patient long --At length, renew their smile.An imitation of a LightThat has so little Oil. I wonder if when Years have piled,Some Thousands -- on the Harm Of early hurt -- if such a lapseCould give them any Balm; Or would they go on aching stillThrough Centuries above,Enlightened to a larger PainBy Contrast with the Love. The Grieved are many, I am told;The reason deeper lies, --Death is but oneand comes but once,And only nails the eyes. There's Grief of Want and Grief of Cold, --A sort they call "Despair";There's Banishment from native Eyes,In sight of Native Air. And though I may not guess the kindCorrectly, yet to meA piercing Comfort it affordsIn passing Calvary, To note the fashions of the Cross,And how they're mostly worn,Still fascinated to presumeThat Some are like My Own.
Edgar Allan Poe, Edgar Allan Poe: Selected Poems|Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore — While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|Was not writing poetry a secret transaction, a voice answering a voice?
Alexander Pope, Moral Essays|Wise wretch! with pleasures too refined to please,With too much spirit to be e'er at ease,With too much quickness ever to be taught,With too much thinking to have common thought:You purchase pain with all that joy can give,And die of nothing but a rage to live.
Amy Gerstler, Ghost Girl|Fuck You Poem #45Fuck you in slang and conventional English.Fuck you in lost and neglected lingoes.Fuck you hungry and sated; faded, pock marked, and defaced.Fuck you with orange rind, fennel and anchovy paste.Fuck you with rosemary and thyme, and fried green olives on the side.Fuck you humidly and icily.Fuck you farsightedly and blindly.Fuck you nude and draped in stolen finery.Fuck you while cells divide wildly and birds trill.Thank you for barring me from his bedside while he was ill.Fuck you puce and chartreuse.Fuck you postmodern and prehistoric.Fuck you under the influence of opiun, codeine, laudanum, and paregoric.Fuck every real and imagined country you fancied yourself princess of.Fuck you on feast days and fast days, below and above.Fuck you sleepless and shaking for nineteen nights running.Fuck you ugly and fuck you stunning.Fuck you shipwrecked on the barren island of your bed.Fuck you marching in lockstep in the ranks of the dead.Fuck you at low and high tide.And fuck you astride anyone who has the bad luck to fuck you, in dank hallways, bathrooms, or kitchens.Fuck you in gasps and whispered benedictions.And fuck these curses, however heartfelt and true,that bind me, till I forgive you, to you.
Arthur Rimbaud|The poet, therefore, is truly the thief of fire.He is responsible for humanity, for animals even; he will have to make sure his visions can be smelled, fondled, listened to; if what he brings back from beyond has form, he gives it form; if it has none, he gives it none. A language must be found…of the soul, for the soul and will include everything: perfumes, sounds colors, thought grappling with thought
Octavio Paz, The Collected Poems, 1957-1987|Beyond myself, somewhere, I wait for my arrival.
W.H. Auden, Another Time|SEPTEMBER 1, 1939I sit in one of the divesOn Fifty-second StreetUncertain and afraidAs the clever hopes expireOf a low dishonest decade:Waves of anger and fearCirculate over the brightAnd darkened lands of the earth,Obsessing our private lives;The unmentionable odour of deathOffends the September night.Accurate scholarship canUnearth the whole offenceFrom Luther until nowThat has driven a culture mad,Find what occurred at Linz,What huge imago madeA psychopathic god:I and the public knowWhat all schoolchildren learn,Those to whom evil is doneDo evil in return.Exiled Thucydides knewAll that a speech can sayAbout Democracy,And what dictators do,The elderly rubbish they talkTo an apathetic grave;Analysed all in his book,The enlightenment driven away,The habit-forming pain,Mismanagement and grief:We must suffer them all again.Into this neutral airWhere blind skyscrapers useTheir full height to proclaimThe strength of Collective Man,Each language pours its vainCompetitive excuse:But who can live for longIn an euphoric dream;Out of the mirror they stare,Imperialism's faceAnd the international wrong.Faces along the barCling to their average day:The lights must never go out,The music must always play,All the conventions conspireTo make this fort assumeThe furniture of home;Lest we should see where we are,Lost in a haunted wood,Children afraid of the nightWho have never been happy or good.The windiest militant trashImportant Persons shoutIs not so crude as our wish:What mad Nijinsky wroteAbout DiaghilevIs true of the normal heart;For the error bred in the boneOf each woman and each manCraves what it cannot have,Not universal loveBut to be loved alone.From the conservative darkInto the ethical lifeThe dense commuters come,Repeating their morning vow;'I will be true to the wife,I'll concentrate more on my work,'And helpless governors wakeTo resume their compulsory game:Who can release them now,Who can reach the dead,Who can speak for the dumb?All I have is a voiceTo undo the folded lie,The romantic lie in the brainOf the sensual man-in-the-streetAnd the lie of AuthorityWhose buildings grope the sky:There is no such thing as the StateAnd no one exists alone;Hunger allows no choiceTo the citizen or the police;We must love one another or die.Defenseless under the nightOur world in stupor lies;Yet, dotted everywhere,Ironic points of lightFlash out wherever the JustExchange their messages:May I, composed like themOf Eros and of dust,Beleaguered by the sameNegation and despair,Show an affirming flame.
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|I am terrified by this dark thingThat sleeps in me;All day I feel its soft, feathery turnings, its malignity.
Maya Angelou|Poetry puts starch in your backbone so you can stand, so you can compose your life.
Robert Frost, A Boy's Will|INTO MY OWNOne of my wishes is that those dark trees,	So old and firm they scarcely show the breeze,	Were not, as ’twere, the merest mask of gloom,	But stretched away unto the edge of doom.	I should not be withheld but that some day	 Into their vastness I should steal away,	Fearless of ever finding open land,	Or highway where the slow wheel pours the sand.	I do not see why I should e’er turn back,	Or those should not set forth upon my track	 To overtake me, who should miss me here	And long to know if still I held them dear.	They would not find me changed from him they knew—	Only more sure of all I thought was true.
Frank O'Hara, Meditations in an Emergency|My eyes are vague blue, like the sky, and change all the time; they are indiscriminate but fleeting, entirely specific and disloyal, so that no one trusts me. I am always looking away. Or again at something after it has given me up.
Czesław Miłosz|The purpose of poetry is to remind ushow difficult it is to remain just one person,for our house is open, there are no keys in the doors, and invisible guests come in and out at will.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, In the Harbor|If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it;Every arrow that flies feels the attraction of earth.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|Morning, noon & bloody night,Seven sodding days a week,I slave at filthy WORK, that mightBe done by any book-drunk freak.This goes on until I kick the bucket.FUCK IT FUCK IT FUCK IT FUCK IT
Allen Ginsberg|I never dreamed the sea so deep,The earth so dark; so long my sleep,I have become another child.I wake to see the world go wild.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|No one but Night, with tears on her dark face, watches beside me in this windy place.
Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style|Exercises are like prose, whereas yoga is the poetry of movements. Once you understand the grammar of yoga; you can write your poetry of movements.
Pablo Neruda|I don't want to go on being a root in the dark,vacillating, stretched out, shivering with sleep,downward, in the soaked guts of the earth,absorbing and thinking, eating each day.
Emilie Autumn|Women who focus on style over substance usually find themselves in a big fucking hole, with other men who want to fuck the hole. Oh so smooth, and none sophistacted. Because, you know, how sophisticated can hole-fucking really be
John Milton, The Complete Poetry|And so sepúlchred in such pomp dost lie,That kings for such a tomb would wish to die.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|I too am not a bit tamed, I too am untranslatable, I sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world.
Flora Jessop, Church of Lies|To those who abuse: the sin is yours, the crime is yours, and the shame is yours. To those who protect the perpetrators: blaming the victims only masks the evil within, making you as guilty as those who abuse. Stand up for the innocent or go down with the rest.
T.S. Eliot, The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock and Other Poems|And would it have been worth it, after all,Would it have been worth while,After the sunsets and the dooryards and the sprinkled streets, After the novels, after the teacups, after the skirts that trail along the floor - And this, and so much more? -
Clementine von Radics|I. Those of us born by water are never afraid enough of drowning. Bruises used to trophy my knees from my death-defying tree climb jumps. Growing up, my backyard was a forest of blackberry bushes. I learned early nothing sweet will come to you unthorned. II. At twelve your body becomes a currency. So Jenny and I sat down and cut up all our clothes into nothing. That year I failed math class but knew the exact number of calories in a carrot stick. I learned early being desired goes hand in hand with hunger.III. The last time I tried to scream I felt my father climbing up through my throat and into my mouth.IV. There is a certain kind of girl who reads Lolita at fourteen and finds religion. I painted my eyes black and sucked barroom cherries to red my tongue. There was a boy who promised Judas really did love Jesus. I learned early every kiss and betrayal are up for interpretation.V. I think he must have conferenced with my nightmares on exactly how to hurt me.VI. He never broke my heart. He only turned it into a compass that always points me back to him.
Mary Oliver|the stars began to burnthrough the sheets of clouds,and there was a new voicewhich you slowlyrecognized as your own
Nayyirah Waheed|never trust anyone who says they do not see color. this means to them,you are invisible.
Robert Burns|My love is like a red, red rose That's newly sprung in June: My love is like the melody That's sweetly played in tune. How fair art thou, my bonnie lass, So deep in love am I; And I will love thee still, my dear, Till all the seas gang dry. Till all the seas gang dry, my dear, And the rocks melt with the sun;I will love thee still, my dear, While the sands of life shall run. And fare thee weel, my only love. And fare thee weel awhile! And I will come again, my love, Though it were ten thousand mile.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|Sir, I admit your general rule, That every poet is a fool, But you yourself may serve to show it, That every fool is not a poet.
Morrissey|If you must write prose or poems, the words you use should be your own. Don't plagiarize or take 'on loan'. There's always someone, somewhere, with a big nose, who knows, who'll trip you up and laugh when you fall.
Audre Lorde|If you come as softlyAs wind within the treesYou may hear what I hearSee what sorrow sees.If you come as lightlyAs threading dewI will take you gladlyNor ask more of you.You may sit beside meSilent as a breathOnly those who stay deadShall remember death.And if you come I will be silentNor speak harsh words to you.I will not ask you why, now.Or how, or what you do.We shall sit here, softlyBeneath two different yearsAnd the rich earth between usShall drink our tears.
Nâzım Hikmet|And the most beautiful words ever spoken, I have not yet said to you.
Alfred Tennyson, In Memoriam|So runs my dream, but what am I?An infant crying in the nightAn infant crying for the lightAnd with no language but a cry.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass: The First (1855) Edition|Stop this day and night with me and you shall possess the origin of all poems,You shall possess the good of the earth and sun.... there are millions of suns left,You shall no longer take things at second or third hand.... nor look through the eyes of the dead.... nor feed on the spectres in books,You shall not look through my eyes either, nor take things from me,You shall listen to all sides and filter them from yourself.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|It is not inertia alone that is responsible for human relationships repeating themselves from case to case, indescribably monotonous and unrenewed: it is shyness before any sort of new, unforeseeable experience with which one does not think oneself able to cope. But only someone who is ready for everything, who excludes nothing, not even the most enigmatical will live the relation to another as something alive.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Selected Poetry of Rainer Maria Rilke|A billion stars go spinning through the night,glittering above your head,But in you is the presence that will bewhen all the stars are dead.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Complete Stories and Poems|Take this kiss upon the brow!And, in parting from you now,Thus much let me avow-You are not wrong, who deemThat my days have been a dream;Yet if hope has flown awayIn a night, or in a day,In a vision, or in none,? that we see or seemIs but a dream within a dream.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|When you are old and grey and full of sleep  And nodding by the fire, take down this book,  And slowly read, and dream of the soft look Your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep
Gaston Bachelard|To feel most beautifully alive means to be reading something beautiful, ready always to apprehend in the flow of language the sudden flash of poetry.
Stephen Dunn|I've triedto become someone else for a while,only to discover that he, too, was me.
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|Truths are written, never said... Lines are drawn, but then they fade.
Sara Teasdale, Love Songs|I am not yours, not lost in you,Not lost, although I long to beLost as a candle lit at noon,Lost as a snowflake in the sea.You love me, and I find you stillA spirit beautiful and bright,Yet I am I, who long to beLost as a light is lost in light.
Richard Siken, Crush|We pull our boots on with both handsbut we can't punch ourselves awake and all I can do is stand on the curb and say Sorryabout the blood in your mouth. I wish it was mine.I couldn't get the boy to kill me, but I wore his jacket for the longest time.
Mary Oliver, Swan: Poems and Prose Poems|If you suddenly and unexpectedly feel joy, don’t hesitate. Give in to it. There are plenty of lives and whole towns destroyed or about to be. We are not wise, and not very often kind. And much can never be redeemed. Still life has some possibility left. Perhaps this is its way of fighting back, that sometimes something happened better than all the riches or power in the world. It could be anything, but very likely you notice it in the instant when love begins. Anyway, that’s often the case. Anyway, whatever it is, don’t be afraid of its plenty. Joy is not made to be a crumb. (Don't Hesitate)
Jalaluddin Rumi|You dance inside my chest,where no one sees you,but sometimes I do, and thatsight becomes this art.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|Licence my roving hands, and let them go Before, behind, between, above, below.
George Gordon Byron, Childe Harold's Pilgrimage|I live not in myself, but I becomePortion of that around me: and to meHigh mountains are a feeling, but the humof human cities torture.
T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land and Other Poems|Who is the third who walks always beside you?When I count, there are only you and I togetherBut when I look ahead up the white roadThere is always another one walking beside youGliding wrapt in a brown mantle, hoodedI do not know whether a man or a woman-But who is that on the other side of you?
Luís de Camões, Sonetos de Camões|Love is a fire that burns unseen,a wound that aches yet isn’t felt,an always discontent contentment,a pain that rages without hurting,a longing for nothing but to long,a loneliness in the midst of people,a never feeling pleased when pleased,a passion that gains when lost in thought.It’s being enslaved of your own free will;it’s counting your defeat a victory;it’s staying loyal to your killer.But if it’s so self-contradictory,how can Love, when Love chooses,bring human hearts into sympathy?
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|Is it the sea you hear in me,Its dissatisfactions?Or the voice of nothing, that was you madness?
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|And I learned what is obvious to a child. That life is simply a collection of little lives, each lived one day at a time. That each day should be spent finding beauty in flowers and poetry and talking to animals. That a day spent with dreaming and sunsets and refreshing breezes cannot be bettered.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Our state cannot be severed, we are one,One flesh; to lose thee were to lose myself.
Anne Sexton, The Complete Poems|I am God, la de dah.
Pablo Neruda, Still Another Day|Each in the most hidden sack keptthe lost jewels of memory,intense love, secret nights and permanent kisses,the fragment of public or private happiness.A few, the wolves, collected thighs,other men loved the dawn scratchingmountain ranges or ice floes, locomotives, numbers.For me happiness was to share singing,praising, cursing, crying with a thousand eyes.I ask forgiveness for my bad ways:my life had no use on earth.
Charlotte Eriksson|The stars are brilliant at this time of night and I wander these streets like a ritual I don’t dare to break  for darling, the times are quite glorious.I left him by the water’s edge,still waving long after the ship was goneand if someone would have screamed my name I wouldn’t have heard for I’ve said goodbye so many times in my short life that farewells are a muscular task and I’ve taught them well. There’s a place by the side of the railway near the lake where I grew up and I used to go there to burry things and start anew. I used to go there to say goodbye. I was young and did not know many people but I had hidden things inside that I never dared to show and in silence I tried to kill them, one way or the other,leaving sin on my body scrubbing tears off with saltand I built my rituals in farewells. Endings I still cling to. So I go to the ocean to say goodbye.He left that morning, the last words still echoing in my headand though he said he’d come back one day I know a broken promise from a right onefor I have used them myself and there is no coming back.Minds like ours are can’t be tamed and the price for freedom is the price we pay.I turned away from the oceanas not to fall for its pleafor it used to seduce and consume meand there was this one nighta few years back and I was not yet accustomed to farewellsand just like now I stood waving long after the ship was gone.But I was younger then and easily fooledand the ocean was deep and dark and blueand I took my shoes off to let the water freeze my bones.I waded until I could no longer walk and it was too cold to swim but still I kept on walking at the bottom of the sea for I could not tell the difference between the ocean and the lack of someone I loved and I had not yet learned how the task of moving on is as necessary as survival.Then days passed by and I spent them with my work and now I’m writing letters I will never dare to send.But there is this one day every year or sowhen the burden gets too heavyand I collect my belongings I no longer needand make my way to the ocean to burn and drown and start anewand it is quite wonderful, setting fire to my chains and flames on written wordsand I stand there, starring deep into the heat until they’re all gone.  Nothing left to hold me back.You kissed me that morning as if you’d never done it before and never would again and now I write another letter that I will never dare to send, collecting memories of loss like chains wrapped around my veins,and if you see a fire from the shore tonightit’s my chains going up in flames. The time of moon i quite glorious. We could have been so glorious.
Walt Whitman|I act as the tongue of you,... tied in your mouth . . . . in mine it begins to be loosened.
Nayyirah Waheed|creativity keeps the world alive, yet, everyday we are asked to be ashamed of honoring it, wanting to live our lives as artists. i’ve carried the shame of being a ‘creative’ since i came to the planet; have been asked to be something different, more, less my whole life. thank spirit, my wisdom is deeper than my shame, and i listened to who i was. i want to say to all the creatives who have been taught to believe who you are is not enough for this world, taught that a life of art will amount to nothing, know that who we are, and what we do is life. when we create, we are creating the world. remember this, and commit.
William Carlos Williams, Paterson|You lethargic, waiting upon me,waiting for the fire and Iattendant upon you, shaken by your beautyShaken by your beauty Shaken.
Pablo Neruda, The Captain's Verses|You know how this is:if I lookat the crystal moon, at the red branchof the slow autumn at my window,if I touchnear the firethe impalpable ashor the wrinkled body of the log,everything carries me to you,as if everything that exists,aromas, light, metals,were little boatsthat sailtoward those isles of yours that wait for me.
Sarah Kay, No Matter the Wreckage|My world was the size of a crayon box, and it took every colour to draw her
Lewis Carroll|Twas brillig, and the slithy toves Did gyre and gimble in the wabe;All mimsy were the borogoves,And the mome raths outgrabe."Beware the Jabberwock, my son The jaws that bite, the claws that catch!Beware the Jubjub bird, and shun The frumious Bandersnatch!"He took his vorpal sword in hand; Long time the manxome foe he sought—So rested he by the Tumtum tree, And stood awhile in thought.And, as in uffish thought he stood, The Jabberwock, with eyes of flame,Came whiffling through the tulgey wood, And burbled as it came!One, two! One, two! And through and through The vorpal blade went snicker-snack!He left it dead, and with its head He went galumphing back."And hast thou slain the Jabberwock? Come to my arms, my beamish boy!O frabjous day! Callooh! Callay!" He chortled in his joy.'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves Did gyre and gimble in the wabe;All mimsy were the borogoves,And the mome raths outgrabe.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Sparrows and cats will live in my shoe,Sooner than I will live with you.Fish will come walking out of the sea,Sooner than you will come back to me.
G.K. Chesterton, Fancies Versus Fads|..."vers libre," (free verse) or nine-tenths of it, is not a new metre any more than sleeping in a ditch is a new school of architecture.
Nikita Gill|We have calcium in our bones, iron in our veins, carbon in our souls, and nitrogen in our brains. 93 percent stardust, with souls made of flames, we are all just stars that have people names.
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|I don't think all writers are sad, she said.I think it's the other way around—all sad people write.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Your reason and your passion are the rudder and the sails of your seafaring soul.If either your sails or your rudder be broken, you can but toss and drift, or else be held at a standstill in mid-seas.For reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and passion, unattended, is a flame that burns to its own destruction.Therefore let your soul exalt your reason to the height of passion, that it may sing;And let it direct your passion with reason, that your passion may live through its own daily resurrection, and like the phoenix rise above its own ashes.
Brian Jacques, Lord Brocktree|So here is my story, may it bringSome smiles and a tear or so,It happened once upon a time,Far away, and long ago,Outside the night wind keens and wails,Come listen to me, the Teller of Tales!
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Aurora Leigh|Books, books, books!I had found the secret of a garret roomPiled high with cases in my father’s name;Piled high, packed large,--where, creeping in and outAmong the giant fossils of my past,Like some small nimble mouse between the ribsOf a mastodon, I nibbled here and thereAt this or that box, pulling through the gap,In heats of terror, haste, victorious joy,The first book first. And how I felt it beatUnder my pillow, in the morning’s dark,An hour before the sun would let me read!My books!
Emily Dickinson|He ate and drank the precious words,His spirit grew robust;He knew no more that he was poor,Nor that his frame was dust.He danced along the dingy days,And this bequest of wingsWas but a book. What libertyA loosened spirit brings!
T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land|My nerves are bad to-night. Yes, bad. Stay with me.	 'Speak to me. Why do you never speak? Speak.	 'What are you thinking of? What thinking? What?	 'I never know what you are thinking. Think.
Federico García Lorca, Three Tragedies: Blood Wedding, Yerma, Bernarda Alba|My head is full of fireand grief and my tongueruns wild, piercedwith shards of glass.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, Rosalind and Helen - A Modern Eclogue with Other Poems|Ozymandias"I met a traveller from an antique landWho said: "Two vast and trunkless legs of stoneStand in the desert. Near them on the sand,Half sunk, a shattered visage lies, whose frownAnd wrinkled lip and sneer of cold commandTell that its sculptor well those passions readWhich yet survive, stamped on these lifeless things,The hand that mocked them and the heart that fed.And on the pedestal these words appear:'My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings:Look on my works, ye mighty, and despair!'Nothing beside remains. Round the decayOf that colossal wreck, boundless and bare,The lone and level sands stretch far away.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|This is thy hour O Soul, thy free flight into the wordless, Away from books, away from art, the day erased, the lesson done,Thee fully forth emerging, silent, gazing, pondering the themes thou lovest best. Night, sleep, and the stars.
Bashō Matsuo|Real poetry, is to lead a beautiful life. To live poetry is better than to write it.
Adrienne Rich, Twenty One Love Poems|I touch you knowing we weren't born tomorrow,and somehow, each of us will help the other live,and somewhere, each of us must help the other die.
William Wordsworth|Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting:The Soul that rises with us, our life's Star,Hath had elsewhere its setting,And cometh from afar:Not in entire forgetfulness,And not in utter nakedness,But trailing clouds of glory do we come
Caitlyn Siehl|eat, baby.eat.chew.please.I know it hurts. I know it doesn’t feel good.please.I know your hunger is different than mine.I know it doesn’t taste the same as mine.imagine you could grow up all over againand pinpoint the millisecond that you startedcounting calories like casualties of war,mourning each one like it had a family.would you?sometimes I wonder that.sometimes I wonder if you would go backand watch yourself reappear and disappear right in front of your own eyes.and I love you so much.I am going to hold your little hand through the night.just please eat. just a little.you wrote a poem once,about a city of walking skeletons.the teacher called home because youtold her you wished it could be like thathere.let me tell you something about bones, baby.they are not warm or soft.the wind whistles through them like they areholes in a tree.and they break, too. they break right in half.they bruise and splinter like wood.are you hungry?I know. I know how much you hate that question.I will find another way to ask it, someday.please.the voices.I know they are all yelling at you to stretch yourself thinner.l hear them counting, always counting.I wish I had been there when the world made yousnap yourself in half.I would have told you that your body is not a war-zone,that, sometimes,it is okay to leave your plate empty.
Oscar Wilde|All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling. To be natural is to be obvious, and to be obvious is to be inartistic.
L.M. Elliott, Annie, Between the States|Poetry, plays, novels, music, they are the cry of the human spirit trying to understand itself and make sense of our world.
Sylvia Plath, Plath: Poems|O love, how did you get here?--Nick and the Candlestick
W.H. Auden, Another Time|Follow, poet, follow rightTo the bottom of the night,With your unconstraining voiceStill persuade us to rejoice;With the farming of a verseMake a vineyard of the curse,Sing of human unsuccessIn a rapture of distress;In the deserts of the heartLet the healing fountain start,In the prison of his daysTeach the free man how to praise.
Richard Siken|A man walks into a bar and says: Take my wife–please. So you do. You take her out into the rain and you fall in love with her and she leaves you and you’re desolate.You’re on your back in your undershirt, a broken man on an ugly bedspread, staring at the water stains on the ceiling. And you can hear the man in the apartment above you taking off his shoes.You hear the first boot hit the floor and you’re looking up, you’re waiting because you thought it would follow, you thought there would be some logic, perhaps, something to pull it all together but here we are in the weeds again, here we arein the bowels of the thing: your world doesn’t make sense. And then the second boot falls. And then a third, a fourth, a fifth. A man walks into a bar and says: Take my wife–please. But you take him instead.You take him home, and you make him a cheese sandwich, and you try to get his shoes off, but he kicks you and he keeps kicking you. You swallow a bottle of sleeping pills but they don’t work. Boots continue to fall to the floor in the apartment above you.You go to work the next day pretending nothing happened. Your co-workers ask if everything’s okay and you tell them you’re just tired. And you’re trying to smile. And they’re trying to smile.A man walks into a bar, you this time, and says: Make it a double. A man walks into a bar, you this time, and says: Walk a mile in my shoes.A man walks into a convenience store, still you, saying: I only wanted something simple, something generic… But the clerk tells you to buy something or get out.A man takes his sadness down to the river and throws it in the river but then he’s still leftwith the river. A man takes his sadness and throws it away but then he’s still left with his hands.
Kelly Creagh, Enshadowed|I keep telling myselfThat you’rejust a girl.Another leaf blown across my pathDestined to pass onAnd shrivel into yourselfLike all the others.Yet despite my venomYou refuse to witherOr fade.You remain golden throughout,And in your gaze I am left to wonder if it is me aloneWho feels the fall.
Numey|A lot we have in our head,But things of heart are not yet dead,They have done none, but just fled,Out of us, Forgotten, just been bled..
T.S. Eliot, Collected Poems, 1909-1962|You do not know how much they mean to me, my friends,And how, how rare and strange it is, to findIn a life composed so much, so much of odds and ends,(For indeed I do not love it ... you knew? you are not blind! How keen you are!)To find a friend who has these qualities,Who has, and givesThose qualities upon which friendship lives.How much it means that I say this to you-Without these friendships-life, what cauchemar!
Jeffrey McDaniel|Hey you, dragging the halo-how about a holiday in the islands of grief? Tongue is the word I wish to have with you.Your eyes are so blue they leak.Your legs are longer than a prisoner'slast night on death row.I'm filthier than the coal miner's bathtuband nastier than the breath of Charles Bukowski.You're a dirty little windshield.I'm standing behind you on the subway, hard as calculus. My breathbe sticking to your neck like graffiti.I'm sitting opposite you in the bar, waiting for you to uncross your boundaries.I want to rip off your logicand make passionate sense to you.I want to ride in the swing of your hips.My fingers will dig in you like quotation marks, blazing your limbs into parts of speech.But with me for a lover, you won't needcatastrophes. What attracted me in the first placewill ultimately make me resent you.I'll start telling you lies, and my lies will sparkle, become the bad stars you chart your life by.I'll stare at other women so blatantlyyou'll hear my eyes peeling, because sex with you is like Great Britain: cold, groggy, and a little uptight.Your bed is a big, soft calculatorwhere my problems multiply.Your brain is a garageI park my bullshit in, for free.You're not really my new girlfriend, just another flop sequel of the first one, who was based on the true story of my mother.You're so ugly I forgot how to spell.I'll cheat on you like a ninth grade math test, break your heart just for the sound it makes.You're the 'this' we need to put an end to.The more you apologize, the less I forgive you.So how about it?
Allen Ginsberg|Another lover hits the universe. The circle is broken. But with death comes rebirth. And like all lovers and sad people, I am a poet.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism|A little learning is a dangerous thing.Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian Spring;There shallow draughts intoxicate the brain,and drinking largely sobers us again.
W.B. Yeats|I know that I shall meet my fate somewhere among the clouds above; those that I fight I do not hate, those that I guard I do not love.
Robert Graves, Poems 1965-1968|When the immense drugged universe explodesIn a cascade of unendurable colourAnd leaves us gasping naked,This is no more than the ectasy of chaos:Hold fast, with both hands, to that royal loveWhich alone, as we know certainly, restoresFragmentation into true being.Ecstasy of Chaos
Pablo Neruda|I love all things, not only the grand but the infinitely small: thimble, spurs, plates, flower vases.....
Jeffrey McDaniel|But one kiss levitates above all the others. Theintersection of function and desire. The I do kiss.The I’ll love you through a brick wall kiss.Even when I’m dead, I’ll swim through the Earth,like a mermaid of the soil, just to be next to your bones.
Alan W. Watts|There is nothing at all that can be talked about adequately, and the whole art of poetry is to say what can't be said.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|Stranger, pause and look;From the dust of agesLift this little book,Turn the tattered pages,Read me, do not let me die!Search the fading letters findingSteadfast in the broken bindingAll that once was I!
Kate DiCamillo, Flora and Ulysses: The Illuminated Adventures|Nothingwould beeasier withoutyou,because youare everything,all of it-sprinkles, quarks, giantdonuts, eggs sunny-side up-youare the ever-expandinguniverseto me.
Anne Sexton, The Complete Poems|Live or die, but don't poison everything...Well, death's been herefor a long time --it has a hell of a lotto do with helland suspicion of the eyeand the religious objectsand how I mourned themwhen they were made obsceneby my dwarf-heart's doodle.The chief ingredientis mutilation.And mud, day after day,mud like a ritual,and the baby on the platter,cooked but still human,cooked also with little maggots,sewn onto it maybe by somebody's mother,the damn bitch!Even so,I kept right on going on,a sort of human statement,lugging myself as ifI were a sawed-off bodyin the trunk, the steamer trunk.This became perjury of the soul.It became an outright lieand even though I dressed the bodyit was still naked, still killed.It was caughtin the first place at birth,like a fish.But I play it, dressed it up,dressed it up like somebody's doll.Is life something you play?And all the time wanting to get rid of it?And further, everyone yelling at youto shut up. And no wonder!People don't like to be toldthat you're sickand then be forcedto watchyoucomedown with the hammer.Today life opened inside me like an eggand there insideafter considerable diggingI found the answer.What a bargain!There was the sun,her yolk moving feverishly,tumbling her prize --and you realize she does this daily!I'd known she was a purifierbut I hadn't thoughtshe was solid,hadn't known she was an answer.God! It's a dream,lovers sprouting in the yardlike celery stalksand better,a husband straight as a redwood,two daughters, two sea urchings,picking roses off my hackles.If I'm on fire they dance around itand cook marshmallows.And if I'm icethey simply skate on mein little ballet costumes.Here,all along,thinking I was a killer,anointing myself dailywith my little poisons.But no.I'm an empress.I wear an apron.My typewriter writes.It didn't break the way it warned.Even crazy, I'm as niceas a chocolate bar.Even with the witches' gymnasticsthey trust my incalculable city,my corruptible bed.O dearest three,I make a soft reply.The witch comes onand you paint her pink.I come with kisses in my hoodand the sun, the smart one,rolling in my arms.So I say Liveand turn my shadow three times roundto feed our puppies as they come,the eight Dalmatians we didn't drown,despite the warnings: The abort! The destroy!Despite the pails of water that waited,to drown them, to pull them down like stones,they came, each one headfirst, blowing bubbles the color of cataract-blueand fumbling for the tiny tits.Just last week, eight Dalmatians,3/4 of a lb., lined up like cord woodeachlike abirch tree.I promise to love more if they come,because in spite of crueltyand the stuffed railroad cars for the ovens,I am not what I expected. Not an Eichmann.The poison just didn't take.So I won't hang around in my hospital shift,repeating The Black Mass and all of it.I say Live, Live because of the sun,the dream, the excitable gift.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|However, he wrote some verses on her, and very pretty they were.” “And so ended his affection,” said Elizabeth impatiently. “There has been many a one, I fancy, overcome in the same way. I wonder who first discovered the efficacy of poetry in driving away love!” “I have been used to consider poetry as the food of love,” said Darcy.  “Of a fine, stout, healthy love it may. Everything nourishes what is strong already. But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.
John Keats, The Complete Poems|To SorrowI bade good morrow,And thought to leave her far away behind;But cheerly, cheerly,She loves me dearly;She is so constant to me, and so kind.
Robert Browning Hamilton|I walked a mile with Pleasure;She chatted all the way;But left me none the wiserFor all she had to say.I walked a mile with Sorrow;And ne’er a word said she;But, oh! The things I learned from her,When Sorrow walked with me.
Charlotte Eriksson|... so this is for us.This is for us who sing, write, dance, act, study, run and loveand this is for doing it even if no one will ever knowbecause the beauty is in the act of doing it.Not what it can lead to.This is for the times I lose myself while writing, singing, playingand no one is around and they will never knowbut I will forever rememberand that shines brighter than any praise or fame or glory I will ever have,and this is for you who write or play or read or singby yourself with the light off and door closedwhen the world is asleep and the stars are alignedand maybe no one will ever hear itor read your wordsor know your thoughtsbut it doesn’t make it less glorious.It makes it ethereal. Mysterious.Infinite.For it belongs to you and whatever God or spirit you believe inand only you can decide how much it meantand meansand will forever meanand other people will experience it toothrough you.Through your spirit. Through the way you talk.Through the way you walk and love and laugh and careand I never meant to write this longbut what I want to say is:Don’t try to present your art by making other people read or hear or see or touch it; make them feel it. Wear your art like your heart on your sleeve and keep it alive by making people feel a little better. Feel a little lighter. Create art in order for yourself to become yourselfand let your very existence be your song, your poem, your story.Let your very identity be your book.Let the way people say your name sound like the sweetest melody.So go create. Take photographs in the wood, run alone in the rain and sing your heart out high up on a mountainwhere no one will ever hearand your very existence will be the most hypnotising scar.Make your life be your artand you will never be forgotten.
Dejan Stojanovic|To hear never-heard sounds, To see never-seen colors and shapes, To try to understand the imperceptible Power pervading the world; To fly and find pure ethereal substances That are not of matter But of that invisible soul pervading reality. To hear another soul and to whisper to another soul; To be a lantern in the darkness Or an umbrella in a stormy day; To feel much more than know. To be the eyes of an eagle, slope of a mountain; To be a wave understanding the influence of the moon; To be a tree and read the memory of the leaves; To be an insignificant pedestrian on the streets Of crazy cities watching, watching, and watching. To be a smile on the face of a woman And shine in her memory As a moment saved without planning.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Man|Know then thyself, presume not God to scan,The proper study of mankind is Man.Placed on this isthmus of a middle state,A being darkly wise and rudely great:With too much knowledge for the Sceptic side,With too much weakness for the Stoic's pride,He hangs between, in doubt to act or rest;In doubt to deem himself a God or Beast;In doubt his mind or body to prefer;Born but to die, and reas'ning but to err;Alike in ignorance, his reason such,Whether he thinks too little or too much;Chaos of thought and passion, all confused;Still by himself abused or disabused;Created half to rise, and half to fall;Great lord of all things, yet a prey to all;Sole judge of truth, in endless error hurl'd;The glory, jest, and riddle of the world!Go, wondrous creature! mount where science guides,Go, measure earth, weigh air, and state the tides;Instruct the planets in what orbs to run,Correct old time, and regulate the sun;Go, soar with Plato to th’ empyreal sphere,To the first good, first perfect, and first fair;Or tread the mazy round his followers trod,And quitting sense call imitating God;As Eastern priests in giddy circles run,And turn their heads to imitate the sun.Go, teach Eternal Wisdom how to rule—Then drop into thyself, and be a fool!
Clementine von Radics|I thought leaving you would be easy, just walking out the door but I keep getting pinned against it with my legs around your waist and it’s like my lips want you like my lungs want air, it’s just what they where born to do so I am sitting at work thinking of you cutting vegetables in my kitchen your hair in my shower drain your fingers on my spine in the morningwhile we listen to Muddy Waters, I knowyou will never be the one I call home but the way you talk about poems like marxists talk of revolution it makes me want to keep trying. I’m still looking for reasons to love you.I’m still looking for proof you love me.
Sherman Alexie, The Business of Fancydancing|Everyone I have lost in the closing of a doorthe click of the lockis not forgotten, theydo not die but remainwithin the soft edgesof the earth, the ashof house fires and cancerin sin and forgivenesshuddled under old blanketsdreaming their way intomy hands, my heartclosing tight like fists.- "Indian Boy Love Song #1
Pablo Neruda|Tonight I can write the saddest lines.Write, for example,'The night is shatteredand the blue stars shiver in the distance.'The night wind revolves in the sky and sings.Tonight I can write the saddest lines.I loved her, and sometimes she loved me too.Through nights like this one I held her in my armsI kissed her again and again under the endless sky.She loved me sometimes, and I loved her too.How could one not have loved her great still eyes.Tonight I can write the saddest lines.To think that I do not have her. To feel that I have lost her.To hear the immense night, still more immense without her.And the verse falls to the soul like dew to the pasture.What does it matter that my love could not keep her.The night is shattered and she is not with me.This is all. In the distance someone is singing. In the distance.My soul is not satisfied that it has lost her.My sight searches for her as though to go to her.My heart looks for her, and she is not with me.The same night whitening the same trees.We, of that time, are no longer the same.I no longer love her, that's certain, but how I loved her.My voice tried to find the wind to touch her hearing.Another's. She will be another's. Like my kisses before.Her voide. Her bright body. Her inifinite eyes.I no longer love her, that's certain, but maybe I love her. Love is so short, forgetting is so long.Because through nights like this one I held her in my armsmy sould is not satisfied that it has lost her.Though this be the last pain that she makes me sufferand these the last verses that I write for her.
Richard Siken|He could build a city. Has a certain capacity. There’s a niche in his chestwhere a heart would fit perfectlyand he thinks if he could just maneuver one into place –well then, game over.
Emily Dickinson|There's a certain slant of light,On winter afternoons,That oppresses, like the weightOf cathedral tunes.
Kim Addonizio|. . . All artists’ work is autobiographical. Any writer’s work is a map of their psyche. You can really see what their concerns are, what their obsessions are, and what interests them.
Catherynne M. Valente|If you are a monster, stand up.If you are a monster, a trickster, a fiend,If you’ve built a steam-powered wishing machineIf you have a secret, a dark past, a scheme,If you kidnap maidens or dabble in dreamsCome stand by me.If you have been broken, stand up.If you have been broken, abandoned, aloneIf you have been starving, a creature of boneIf you live in a tower, a dungeon, a throneIf you weep for wanting, to be held, to be known,Come stand by me.If you are a savage, stand up.If you are a witch, a dark queen, a black knight,If you are a mummer, a pixie, a sprite,If you are a pirate, a tomcat, a wright,If you swear by the moon and you fight the hard fight,Come stand by me. If you are a devil, stand up.If you are a villain, a madman, a beast,If you are a strowler, a prowler, a priest,If you are a dragon come sit at our feast,For we all have stripes, and we all have horns, We all have scales, tails, manes, claws and thornsAnd here in the dark is where new worlds are born.Come stand by me.
Jay-Z, Decoded|A poet's mission is to make words do more work than they normally do, to make them work on more than one level.
Sarah Kay, No Matter the Wreckage|I will love you with too many commas, but never any asterisks.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|I arise from dreams of thee,And a spirit in my feetHas led me- who knows how?To thy chamber-window, Sweet!
Ovid, Metamorphoses|As wave is driven by wave And each, pursued, pursues the wave ahead, So time flies on and follows, flies, and follows, Always, for ever and new. What was before Is left behind; what never was is now; And every passing moment is renewed.
Billy Collins, Sailing Alone Around the Room: New and Selected Poems|I see all of us reading ourselves away from ourselves,  straining in circles of light to find more light until the line of words becomes a trail of crumbs that we follow across a page of fresh snow
Louise Glück, The Seven Ages|I was not prepared: sunset, end of summer. Demonstrations of time as a continuum, as something coming to an end, not a suspension: the senses wouldn’t protect me. I caution you as I was never cautioned: you will never let go, you will never be satiated.You will be damaged and scarred, you will continue to hunger. Your body will age, you will continue to need. You will want the earth, then more of the earth–Sublime, indifferent, it is present, it will not respond. It is encompassing, it will not minister. Meaning, it will feed you, it will ravish you, it will not keep you alive.
Andrea Gibson|We are all instruments pulling the bows across our own lungs. Windmills, still startling in every storm. Have you ever seen a newborn blinking at the light? I wanna do that every day. I wanna know what the kite called itself when it got away, when it escaped into the night...
Walt Whitman|When I heard the learn’d astronomer; When the proofs, the figures, were ranged in columns before me; When I was shown the charts and the diagrams, to add, divide, and measure them; When I, sitting, heard the astronomer, where he lectured with much applause in the	lecture-room, How soon, unaccountable, I became tired and sick;Till rising and gliding out, I wander’d off by myself, In the mystical moist night-air, and from time to time, Look’d up in perfect silence at the stars.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|The world was fair, the mountains tallIn Elder Days before the fall...
Anna Akhmatova, Poems of Akhmatova|As the future ripens in the past,so the past rots in the future --a terrible festival of dead leaves.
Robert Burns|Some hae meat and canna eat,And some wad eat that want it,But we hae meat and we can eat,And sae the Lord be thankit.
John Keats, Bright Star: Love Letters and Poems of John Keats to Fanny Brawne|You are always new. THe last of your kisses was ever the sweetest; the last smile the brightest; the last movement the gracefullest. When you pass'd my window home yesterday, I was fill'd with as much admiration as if I had then seen you for the first time...Even if you did not love me I could not help an entire devotion to you.
Lucy Grealy|Does something which exists on the edge have no true relevance to the stable center, or does it, by being on the edge, become a part of the edge and thus a part of the boundary, the definition which gives the whole its shape?
Christopher Marlowe, The Complete Plays and Poems|Come live with me and be my Love, And we will all the pleasures prove
William Wordsworth, Lines Composed a Few Miles Above Tintern Abbey|For I have learned to look on nature, not as in the hour of thoughtless youth; but hearing oftentimes the still, sad music of humanity.
Philip Larkin, Collected Poems|Uncontradicting solitudeSupports me on its giant palm;And like a sea-anemoneOr simple snail, there cautiouslyUnfolds, emerges, what I am.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|My face in thine eye, thine in mine appeares, And true plaine hearts doe in the faces rest, Where can we finde two better hemispheares Without sharpe North, without declining West? What ever dyes, was not mixt equally; If our two loves be one, or, thou and I Love so alike, that none doe slacken, none can die.
Graham Chapman|McGough: I'm sorry. I'm afraid I've caught poetry. Mr Bones: Oh really? Well, don't worry, sir - I used to suffer from short stories.McGough: Really? When?Mr Bones: Oh, once upon a time ...
Santosh Kalwar|Every beginning has an end and every end has a new beginning, don't worry, broken soul, life will one day come to an end. 
Billy Collins, Picnic, Lightning|It is time to float on the waters of the night. Time to wrap my arms around this book and press it to my chest, life preserver in a sea of unremarkable men and women, anonymous faces on the street, a hundred thousand unalphabetized things, a million forgotten hours.
Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress|Had we but world enough and time, This coyness, lady, were no crime. We would sit down, and think which way To walk, and pass our long love’s day.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer|Writing is not a matter of time, but a matter or of space. If you don't keep space in your head for writing, you won't write even if you have the time.
Ernest Dowson, The Poems and Prose of Ernest Dowson|They are not long, the days of wine and roses:Out of a misty dreamOur path emerges for awhile, then closesWithin a dream.
Octavio Paz, The Other Voice: Essays on Modern Poetry|This is perhaps the most noble aim of poetry, to attach ourselves to the world around us, to turn desire into love, to embrace, finally what always evades us, what is beyond, but what is always there – the unspoken, the spirit, the soul.
Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|In a rich moonlit garden, flowers open beneath the eyes of entire nations terrified to acknowledge the simplicity of the beauty of peace.
Charlotte Eriksson|You read and write and sing and experience, thinking that one day these things will build the character you admire to live as. You love and lose and bleed best you can, to the extreme, hoping that one day the world will read you like the poem you want to be.
Richard Siken, Crush|You're trying not to tell him you love him, and you're trying to choke down the feeling, and you're trembling, but he reaches over and he touches you, like a prayer for which no words exist, and you feel your heart taking root in your body, like you've discovered something you don't even have a name for.
James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves|Maria, lonely prostitute on a street of pain,You, at least, hail me and speak to meWhile a thousand others ignore my face.You offer me an hour of love,And your fees are not as costly as most.You are the madonna of the lonely,The first-born daughter in a world of pain.You do not turn fat men aside,Or trample on the stuttering, shy ones,You are the meadow where desperate menCan find a moment's comfort.Men have paid more to their wivesTo know a bit of peaceAnd could not walk away without the guiltThat masquerades as love.You do not bind them, lovely Maria, you comfort themAnd bid them return. Your body is more Christian than the Bishop'sWhose gloved hand cannot feel the dropping of my blood.Your passion is as genuine as most,Your caring as real!But you, Maria, sacred whore on the endless pavement of pain,You, whose virginity each man may make his ownWithout paying ought but your fee,You who know nothing of virgin births and immaculate conceptions,You who touch man's flesh and caress a stranger,Who warm his bed to bring his aching skin alive,You make more sense than stock markets and football gamesWhere sad men beg for virility.You offer yourself for a fee--and who offers himself for less?At times you are cruel and demanding--harsh and insensitive,At times you are shrewd and deceptive--grasping and hollow.The wonder is that at times you are gentle and concerned,Warm and loving.You deserve more respect than nuns who hide their sex for eternal love;Your fees are not so high, nor your prejudice so virtuous.You deserve more laurels than the self-pitying mother of many children,And your fee is not as costly as most.Man comes to you when his bed is filled with brass and emptiness,When liquor has dulled his sense enoughTo know his need of you.He will come in fantasy and despair, Maria,And leave without apologies.He will come in loneliness--and perhapsLeave in loneliness as well.But you give him more than soldiers who win medals and pensions,More than priests who offer absolutionAnd sweet-smelling ritual,More than friends who anticipate his deathOr challenge his life,And your fee is not as costly as most.You admit that your love is for a fee,Few women can be as honest.There are monuments to statesmen who gave nothing to anyoneExcept their hungry ego,Monuments to mothers who turned their childrenInto starving, anxious bodies,Monuments to Lady Liberty who makes poor men prisoners.I would erect a monument for you--who give more than most--And for a meager fee.Among the lonely, you are perhaps the loneliest of all,You come so close to loveBut it eludes youWhile proper women march to church and fantasizeIn the silence of their rooms,While lonely women take their husbands' armsTo hold them on life's surface,While chattering women fill their closets with clothes andTheir lips with lies,You offer love for a fee--which is not as costly as most--And remain a lonely prostitute on a street of pain.You are not immoral, little Maria, only tired and afraid,But you are not as hollow as the police who pursue you,The politicians who jail you, the pharisees who scorn you.You give what you promise--take your paltry fee--andWander on the endless, aching pavements of pain.You know more of universal love than the nations who thrive on war,More than the churches whose dogmas are private vendettas made sacred,More than the tall buildings and sprawling factoriesWhere men wear chains.You are a lonely prostitute who speaks to me as I pass,And I smile at you because I am a lonely man.
Billy Collins, Questions About Angels|The History TeacherTrying to protect his students' innocencehe told them the Ice Age was really justthe Chilly Age, a period of a million yearswhen everyone had to wear sweaters.And the Stone Age became the Gravel Age,named after the long driveways of the time.The Spanish Inquisition was nothing morethan an outbreak of questions such as"How far is it from here to Madrid?""What do you call the matador's hat?"The War of the Roses took place in a garden,and the Enola Gay dropped one tiny atom on Japan.The children would leave his classroomfor the playground to torment the weakand the smart,mussing up their hair and breaking their glasses,while he gathered up his notes and walked homepast flower beds and white picket fences,wondering if they would believe that soldiersin the Boer War told long, rambling storiesdesigned to make the enemy nod off.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner|Since then, at an uncertain hour, That agony returns: And till my ghastly tale is told, This heart within me burns.
Matthew Arnold, The Complete Poems|But often, in the world’s most crowded streets,But often, in the din of strife,There rises an unspeakable desireAfter the knowledge of our buried life;A thirst to spend our fire and restless forceIn tracking out our true, original course;A longing to inquireInto the mystery of this heart which beatsSo wild, so deep in us—to knowWhence our lives come and where they go.
Sara Teasdale, Rivers to the Sea|I shall have peace, as leafy trees are peaceful When rain bends down the bough; And I shall be more silent and cold-hearted Than you are now.
Jack Prelutsky, A Pizza the Size of the Sun|I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.I don't don't know why know why,I simply know that I I Iam am inclined to say to saya lot a lot this way this way-I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.My mom my mom gets mad gets mad,it irritates my dad my dad,it drives them up a tree a tree,that's what they tell they tell me me-I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.It gets me in a jam a jam,but that's the way I am I am,in fact I think it's neat it's neatto to to to repeat repeat-I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.
Fernando Pessoa, Poems of Fernando Pessoa|Lord, may the pain be ours, And the weakness that it brings, But at least give us the strength, Of not showing it to anyone!
Billy Collins, The Trouble With Poetry - And Other Poems|I could feel the day offering itself to me,and I wanted nothing morethan to be in the moment-but which moment?Not that one, or that one, or that one,
Rabindranath Tagore, Lover's Gift|The young student sits with his head bent over his books, and his mind straying in youth's dreamland; where prose is prowling on the desk and poetry hiding in the heart.
Santōka Taneda, Mountain Tasting: Haiku and Journals of Santoka Taneda|Haiku is not a shriek, a howl, a sigh, or a yawn; rather, it is the deep breath of life.
Jeffrey McDaniel|When you were sleeping on the sofaI put my ear to your ear and listenedto the echo of your dreams.That is the ocean I want to dive in, merge with the bright fish, plankton and pirate ships.I walk up to people on the street that kind of look like youand ask them the questions I would ask you.Can we sit on a rooftop and watch stars dissolve into smokerising from a chimney? Can I swing like Tarzan in the jungle of your breathing? I don’t wish I was in your arms, I just wish I was peddling a bicycle toward your arms.
Suzy Kassem|HEARTWORKEach day is born with a sunriseand ends in a sunset, the same way weopen our eyes to see the light, and close them to hear the dark.You have no control overhow your story begins or ends.But by now, you should know thatall things have an ending.Every spark returns to darkness.Every sound returns to silence.And every flower returns to sleepwith the earth.The journey of the sunand moon is predictable.But yours, is your ultimateART.
Louis MacNeice, Autumn Journal|September has come, it is hersWhose vitality leaps in the autumn,Whose nature prefersTrees without leaves and a fire in the fireplace.So I give her this month and the nextThough the whole of my year should be hers who has rendered alreadySo many of its days intolerable or perplexedBut so many more so happy.Who has left a scent on my life, and left my wallsDancing over and over with her shadowWhose hair is twined in all my waterfallsAnd all of London littered with remembered kisses.
Mario Benedetti|Cada vez que te enamores no expliques a nadie nada, deja que el amor te invada sin entrar en pormenores
Walt Whitman, Songs for the Open Road: Poems of Travel and Adventure|Afoot and light-hearted I take to the open road.Healthy, free, the world before me.The long brown path before me leading me wherever I choose.Henceforth, I ask not good fortune, I myself am good fortune.Henceforth, I whimper no more, postpone no more, need nothing.
John Berryman|You should always be trying to write a poem you are unable to write, a poem you lack the technique, the language, the courage to achieve. Otherwise you're merely imitating yourself, going nowhere, because that's always easiest.
Neil Gaiman, Adventures in the Dream Trade|I don’t think that I’ve been in love as suchAlthough I liked a few folk pretty wellLove must be vaster than my smiles or touchfor brave men died and empires rose and fellFor love, girls follow boys to foreign landsand men have followed women into hellIn plays and poems someone understandsthere’s something makes us more than blood and boneand more than biological demands For me love’s like the wind, unseen, unknownI see the trees are bending where it’s beenI know that it leaves wreckage where it’s blownI really don’t know what "I love you" meansI think it means "don’t leave me here alone
Pablo Neruda|I love you as the plant that never blooms but carries in itself the light of hidden flowers; thanks to your love a certain solid fragrence risen from the earth, lives darkly in my body. and: No one can stop the river of your hands, your eyes and their sleepiness, my dearest. You are the trembling of time, which passes between the vertical light and the darkening sky. and: From the stormy archipelagoes I brought my windy accordian, waves of crazy rain, the habitual slowness of natural things: they made up my wild heart.
Vladimir Mayakovsky, Listen!|Listen! If stars are litIt means there is someone who needs it,It means someone wants them to be,That someone deems those specks of spitMagnificent!
Robert Frost, The Poetry of Robert Frost|I would not come in.I meant not even if asked,And I hadn't been.
William Blake, Auguries of Innocence|To see a World in a grain of sand,And a Heaven in a wild flower,Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand,And Eternity in an hour.
Pablo Neruda|I grew up in this town, my poetry was born between the hill and the river, it took its voice from the rain, and like the timber, it steeped itself in the forests.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, The Harp-Weaver and Other Poems|I will come back to you, I swear I will;And you will know me still.I shall be only a little tallerThan when I went.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti, The House of Life|Look in my face; my name is Might-have-been; I am also call'd No-more, Too-late, Farewell
Amy Lowell|I am tired, Beloved, of chafing my heart againstThe want of you;Of squeezing it into little inkdrops,And posting it.
Dorothy Parker|It costs me never a stab nor squirm / To tread by chance upon a worm. / Aha, my little dear, / I say, Your clan will pay me back one day.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Flower-de-Luce, and the Masque of Pandora|Resolve, and thou art free.
William Carlos Williams|If it ain't a pleasure, it ain't a poem.
Wendell Berry, Hannah Coulter|Want of imagination makes things unreal enough to be destroyed. By imagination I mean knowledge and love. I mean compassion. People of power kill children, the old send the young to die, because they have no imagination. They have power. Can you have power and imagination at the same time? Can you kill people you don’t know and have compassion for them at the same time?
T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land and Other Writings|You gave me hyacinths first a year ago;	They called me the hyacinth girl.'	 —Yet when we came back, late, from the Hyacinth garden,	 Your arms full, and your hair wet, I could not	 Speak, and my eyes failed, I was neither	 Living nor dead, and I knew nothing,	 Looking into the heart of light, the silence.	 Od' und leer das Meer.
Carl Sandburg|Gather the stars if you wish it soGather the songs and keep them.Gather the faces of women.Gather for keeping years and years.And then...Loosen your hands, let go and say good-bye.Let the stars and songs go.Let the faces and years go.Loosen your hands and say good-bye.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Complete Poems|In Xanadu did Kubla KhanA stately pleasure-dome decree:Where Alph, the sacred river, ranThrough caverns measureless to man Down to a sunless sea.
Stephen Dunn, Different Hours|I'll say I love you,Which will lead, of course,to disappointment,but those words unsaidpoison every next moment.I will try to disappoint youbetter than anyone else has.
Gerard Manley Hopkins, Gerard Manley Hopkins: The Complete Poems|What would the world be, once bereft Of wet and of wildness? Let them be left, O let them be left, wildness and wet; Long live the weeds and the wilderness yet.
Jeffrey McDaniel|I used to think love was two people suckingon the same straw to see whose thirst was stronger,but then I whiffed the crushed walnuts of your nape,traced jackals in the snow-covered tombstones of your teeth.I used to think love was a non-stop saxophone soloin the lungs, till I hung with you like a pair of sneakersfrom a phone line, and you promised to always smellthe rose in my kerosene. I used to think love was terminalpelvic ballet, till you let me jog beside while you pedaledall over hell on the menstrual bicycle, your tongueripping through my prairie like a tornado of paper cuts.I used to think love was an old man smashing a mirrorover his knee, till you helped me carry the barbellof my spirit back up the stairs after my car pirouettedin the desert. You are my history book. I used to not believein fairy tales till I played the dunce in sheep’s clothingand felt how perfectly your foot fit in the glass slipperof my ass. But then duty wrapped its phone cordaround my ankle and yanked me across the continent.And now there are three thousand miles between the uand s in esophagus. And being without you is like standingat a cement-filled wall with a roll of Yugoslavian nickelsand making a wish. Some days I miss you so muchI’d jump off the roof of your office buildingjust to catch a glimpse of you on the way down. I wishwe could trade left eyeballs, so we could always seewhat the other sees. But you’re here, I’m there,and we have only words, a nightly phone call - one chanceto mix feelings into syllables and pour into the receiver,hope they don’t disassemble in that calculus of wire.And lately - with this whole war thing - the language machinesupporting it - I feel betrayed by the alphabet, like they’reinjecting strychnine into my vowels, infecting my consonants,naming attack helicopters after shattered Indian tribes:Apache, Blackhawk; and West Bank colonizers are settlers,so Sharon is Davey Crockett, and Arafat: Geronimo,and it’s the Wild West all over again. And I imagine Picassolooking in a mirror, decorating his face in war paint,washing his brushes in venom. And I think of Jeninin all that rubble, and I feel like a Cyclops with two eyes,like an anorexic with three mouths, like a scuba diverin quicksand, like a shark with plastic vampire teeth,like I’m the executioner’s fingernail trying to reasonwith the hand. And I don’t know how to speak lovewhen the heart is a busted cup filling with spit and paste,and the only sexual fantasy I have is bustinginto the Pentagon with a bazooka-sized pen and blowingopen the minds of generals. And I comfort myselfwith the thought that we’ll name our first child Jenin,and her middle name will be Terezin, and we’ll teach herhow to glow in the dark, and how to swallow firecrackers,and to never neglect the first straw; because no oneever talks about the first straw, it’s always the last strawthat gets all the attention, but by then it’s way too late.
Paul Éluard|There is another world, and it is in this one.
Tanzy Sayadi, liQUID PROse QUOtes|The aching in my chest isn't because I miss you,it's realizing that you have become someone I no longer know,your fears, your 4 am thoughts, your achievements,are things I no longer have an equivalent to.Who we were and who we are are four different people, and the me from now doesn't relate to the me from then, let alone to the you from now.-Tanzy Sayadi and Jarod Kintz
Mina Loy, The Lost Lunar Baedeker: Poems of Mina Loy|There is no Space or TimeOnly intensity, And tame thingsHave no immensity
Frank O'Hara, Meditations in an Emergency|I love you. I love you, but I’m turning to my versesand my heart is closinglike a fist.
Theodore Roethke, The Collected Poems|I wake to sleep, and take my waking slow. I feel my fate in what I cannot fear. I learn by going where I have to go.
David Carradine|If you cannot be a poet, be the poem.
Aleister Crowley, The Scented Garden Of Abdullah The Satirist Of Shiraz|Some men are born sodomites, some achieve sodomy, and some have sodomy thrust upon them...
Roman Payne|The season was waning fastOur nights were growing cold at lastI took her to bed with silk and song,'Lay still, my love, I won’t be long;I must prepare my body for passion.''O, your body you give, but all else you ration.''It is because of these dreams of a sylvan scene:A bleeding nymph to leave me serene...I have dreams of a trembling wench.''You have dreams,' she said, 'that cannot be quenched.''Our passion,' said I, 'should never be feared;As our longing for love can never be cured.Our want is our way and our way is our will,We have the love, my love, that no one can kill.''If night is your love, then in dreams you’ll fulfill...This love, our love, that no one can kill.'Yet want is my way, and my way is my will,Thus I killed my love with a sleeping pill.
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|Under the greenwood tree,Who loves to lie with meAnd tune his merry note,Unto the sweet bird's throat;Come hither, come hither, come hither.Here shall he seeNo enemyBut winter and rough weather.
Maya Angelou|You may write me down in historyWith your bitter, twisted lies,You may tread me in the very dirtBut still, like dust, I'll rise.Does my sassiness upset you? Why are you beset with gloom? 'Cause I walk like I've got oil wellsPumping in my living room.Just like moons and like suns,With the certainty of tides,Just like hopes springing high,Still I'll rise.Did you want to see me broken? Bowed head and lowered eyes? Shoulders falling down like teardrops.Weakened by my soulful cries.Does my haughtiness offend you? Don't you take it awful hard'Cause I laugh like I've got gold minesDiggin' in my own back yard.You may shoot me with your words,You may cut me with your eyes,You may kill me with your hatefulness,But still, like air, I'll rise.Does my sexiness upset you? Does it come as a surpriseThat I dance like I've got diamondsAt the meeting of my thighs? Out of the huts of history's shameI riseUp from a past that's rooted in painI riseI'm a black ocean, leaping and wide,Welling and swelling I bear in the tide.Leaving behind nights of terror and fearI riseInto a daybreak that's wondrously clearI riseBringing the gifts that my ancestors gave,I am the dream and the hope of the slave.I riseI riseI rise.
Dylan Thomas|And death shall have no dominion.Under the windings of the seaThey lying long shall not die windily;Twisting on racks when sinews give way,Strapped to a wheel, yet they shall not break;Faith in their hands shall snap in two,And the unicorn evils run them through;Split all ends up they shan't crack;And death shall have no dominion.
Cassandra Clare|But you hate poetry!Yes, but you make me want to write it.
Jalaluddin Rumi|My friend, you thought you lost Him;that all your life you've been separated from Him.Filled with wonder, you've always looked outside for Him,and haven't searched within your own house.
Francis William Bourdillon|The night has a thousand eyes,And the day but one; Yet the light of the bright world dies With the dying sun. The mind has a thousand eyes, And the heart but one: Yet the light of a whole life dies When love is done.
Billy Collins, Sailing Alone Around the Room: New and Selected Poems|But some nights, I must tell you,I go down there after everyone has fallen asleep.I swim back and forth in the echoing blackness.I sing a love song as well as I can,lost for a while in the home of the rain. 
Aristotle|Poetry is finer and more philosophical than history; for poetry expresses the universal, and history only the particular.
Javan, Something to Someone|I don't wish to be everything to everyone, but I would like to be something to someone.
Nâzım Hikmet|Living is no laughing matter:You must take it seriously.So much so and to such a degreethat, for example, your hands tiedbehind your back,your back to the wallor else in a laboratoryin your white coat and safety glasses,you can die for people –even for people whose faces you’venever seen,even though you know livingis the most real, most beautifulthing.I mean, you must take living soseriouslythat even at seventy, for example, you’llplant olive trees –and not for your children, either,but because, although you fear death youdon’t believe it,because living, I mean, weighs heavier.- "On Living
Deborah Garrison, A Working Girl Can't Win|For you she learned to wear a short black slipand red lipstick,how to order a glass of red wineand finish it. She learned to reach outas if to touch your arm and then nottouch it, changing the subject.she'd begin, orTo call your best friendsby their schoolboy namesand give them kisses good-bye,to look away when they say! So your confidence grows.She doesn't ask what you wantbecause she knows.Isn't that what you think?When actually she was only waitingto be stunned, and then do this,never rehearsed, but perfectly obvious:in one motion up, over, and gone,the X of her arms crossing and uncrossing,her face flashing away from you in the fabricso that you couldn't say if she wasappearing or disappearing.
Pablo Neruda|Our love was bornoutside the walls,in the wind,in the night,in the earth,and that's why the clay and the flower,the mud and the rootsknow your name.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|Green in nature is one thing, green in literature another. Nature and letters seem to have a natural antipathy; bring them together and they tear each other to pieces.
Muriel Rukeyser|No one wants to read poetry. You have to make it impossible for them to put the poem down--impossible for them to stop reading it, word after word. You have to keep them from closing the book.
Robert  Herrick|To the Virgins, To Make much of TimeGather ye rose-buds while ye may,Old Time is still a-flying;And this same flower that smiles today,	Tomorrow will be dying.The glorious lamp of heaven, the sun,	The higher he’s a-getting,The sooner will his race be run,	And nearer he is to setting.That age is best which is the first,	When youth and blood are warmer;But being spent, the worse, and worst	Times still succeed the former.Then be not coy, but use your time,	And while you may, go marry;For having lost but once your prime,	You may for ever tarry.
Emily Dickinson, Selected Poems|Wild Nights – Wild Nights!Were I with theeWild Nights should beOur luxury!Futile – the winds –To a heart in port –Done with the compass –Done with the chart!Rowing in Eden –Ah, the sea!Might I moor – Tonight –In thee!
Mary Oliver|Sometimes I dreamthat everything in the world is here, in my room, in a great closet, named and orderly,and I am here too, in front of it, hardly able to see for the flash and the brightness—and sometimes I am that madcap person clapping my hands and singing; and sometimes I am that quiet person down on my knees.
George Gordon Byron, Manfred|The stars are forth, the moon above the topsOf the snow-shining mountains.—Beautiful!I linger yet with Nature, for the nightHath been to me a more familiar faceThan that of man; and in her starry shadeOf dim and solitary loveliness,I learn'd the language of another world.
Andrea Gibson|I wrote too many poems in a language I did not yet know how to speakBut I know now it doesn't matter how well I say grace if I am sitting at a table where I am offering no bread to eatSo this is my wheat fieldyou can have every acre, Lovethis is my garden songthis is my fist fightwith that bitter frosttonight I begged another stage light to become that back alley street lamp that we danced beneaththe night your warm mouth fell on my timid cheekas i sang maybe i need youoff keybut in tunemaybe i need you the way that big moon needs that open seamaybe i didn't even know i was here til i saw you holding megive me one room to come home togive me the palm of your handevery strand of my hair is a kite stringand I have been blue in the face with your skycrying a flood over Iowa so you mother will wake to Venice Lover, I smashed my glass slipper to build a stained glass window for every wall inside my chestnow my heart is a pressed flower and a tattered bibleit is the one verse you can trustso I'm putting all of my words in the collection plateI am setting the table with bread and gracemy knees are bentlike the corner of a pageI am saving your place
Knut Hamsun|The poet must always, in every instance, have the vibrant word... that by it's trenchancy can so wound my soul that it whimpers.... One must know and recognize not merely the direct but the secret power of the word; one must be able to give one's writing unexpected effects. It must have a hectic, anguished vehemence, so that it rushes past like a gust of air, and it must have a latent, roistering tenderness so that it creeps and steals one's mind; it must be able to ring out like a sea-shanty in a tremendous hour, in the time of the tempest, and it must be able to sigh like one who, in tearful mood, sobs in his inmost heart.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|TO what purpose, April, do you return again? Beauty is not enough. You can no longer quiet me with the redness Of little leaves opening stickily. I know what I know. The sun is hot on my neck as I observe The spikes of the crocus. The smell of the earth is good. It is apparent that there is no death. But what does that signify? Not only under ground are the brains of men Eaten by maggots. Life in itself Is nothing, An empty cup, a flight of uncarpeted stairs. It is not enough that yearly, down this hill, April Comes like an idiot, babbling and strewing flowers.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|We flatter those we scarcely know,We please the fleeting guest;And deal full many a thoughtless blow,To those who love us best.
Omar Khayyám|I sent my Soul through the Invisible, Some letter of that After-life to spell: And by and by my Soul return'd to me, And answer'd: 'I Myself am Heav'n and Hell
Wendell Berry, Given|How to be a Poet (to remind myself)Make a place to sit down. Sit down. Be quiet. You must depend upon affection, reading, knowledge, skill—more of each than you have—inspiration work, growing older, patience, for patience joins time to eternity… Breathe with unconditional breath the unconditioned air. Shun electric wire. Communicate slowly. Live a three-dimensional life; stay away from screens. Stay away from anything that obscures the place it is in. There are no unsacred places; there are only sacred places and desecrated places. Accept what comes from silence. Make the best you can of it. Of the little words that come out of the silence, like prayers prayed back to the one who prays, make a poem that does not disturb the silence from which it came.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts;And when you can no longer dwell in the solitude of your heart you live in your lips, and sound is a diversion and a pastime.And in much of your talking, thinking is half murdered.
George Gordon Byron, Selected Poems of Lord Byron|She walks in beauty, like the nightOf cloudless climes and starry skies;And all that’s best of dark and brightMeet in her aspect and her eyes:Thus mellow’d to that tender lightWhich heaven to gaudy day denies.One shade the more, one ray the less,Had half impaired the nameless graceWhich waves in every raven tress,Or softly lightens o’er her face;Where thoughts serenely sweet expressHow pure, how dear their dwelling-place.And on that cheek, and o’er that brow,So soft, so calm, yet eloquent,The smiles that win, the tints that glow,But tell of days in goodness spent,A mind at peace with allA heart whose love is innocent!
Suzy Kassem|APPLY WITHINYou once told meYou wanted to findYourself in the world -And I told you toFirst apply within,To discover the worldwithin you.You once told meYou wanted to saveThe world from all its wars -And I told you toFirst save yourselfFrom the world,And all the warsYou put yourselfThrough.APPLY WITHIN by Suzy Kassem
Shel Silverstein|An oak tree and a rosebush grew,Young and green together,Talking the talk of growing things-Wind and water and weather.And while the rosebush sweetly bloomedThe oak tree grew so highThat now it spoke of newer things-Eagles, mountain peaks and sky."I guess you think you're pretty great,"The rose was heard to cry,Screaming as loud as it possibly couldTo the treetop in the sky."And now you have no time for flower talk,Now that you've grown so tall.""It's not so much that I've grown," said the tree,"It's just that you've stayed so small.
Sharon Olds|I see them standing at the formal gates of their colleges,I see my father strolling outunder the ochre sandstone arch, thered tiles glinting like bentplates of blood behind his head, Isee my mother with a few light books at her hipstanding at the pillar made of tiny bricks with thewrought-iron gate still open behind her, itssword-tips black in the May air,they are about to graduate, they are about to get married,they are kids, they are dumb, all they know is they areinnocent, they would never hurt anybody.I want to go up to them and say Stop,don't do it--she's the wrong woman,he's the wrong man, you are going to do thingsyou cannot imagine you would ever do,you are going to do bad things to children,you are going to suffer in ways you never heard of,you are going to want to die. I want to goup to them there in the late May sunlight and say it,her hungry pretty blank face turning to me,her pitiful beautiful untouched body,his arrogant handsome blind face turning to me,his pitiful beautiful untouched body,but I don't do it. I want to live. Itake them up like the male and femalepaper dolls and bang them togetherat the hips like chips of flint as if tostrike sparks from them, I sayDo what you are going to do, and I will tell about it
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|She lends her pen,to thoughts of him,that flow from it,in her solitary.For she is his poet,And he is her poetry.
James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves|Where are you hiding my love?Each day without you will never come again.Even today you missed a sunset on the ocean,A silver shadow on yellow rocks I saved for you,A squirrel that ran across the road,A duck diving for dinner.My God! There may be nothing left to show youSave wounds and wearinessAnd hopes grown dead,And wilted flowers I picked for you a lifetime ago,Or feeble steps that cannot run to hold you,Arms too tired to offer you to a roaring wind,A face too wrinkled to feel the ocean's spray.
Frank O'Hara|Kerouac: You're ruining American poetry, O'Hara.O'Hara: That's more than you ever did for it, Kerouac
W.B. Yeats|BELOVED, gaze in thine own heart, The holy tree is growing there; From joy the holy branches start, And all the trembling flowers they bear. The changing colours of its fruit Have dowered the stars with merry light; The surety of its hidden root Has planted quiet in the night; The shaking of its leafy head Has given the waves their melody, And made my lips and music wed, Murmuring a wizard song for thee. There the Loves a circle go, The flaming circle of our days, Gyring, spiring to and fro In those great ignorant leafy ways; Remembering all that shaken hair And how the wingèd sandals dart, Thine eyes grow full of tender care: Beloved, gaze in thine own heart. Gaze no more in the bitter glass The demons, with their subtle guile, Lift up before us when they pass, Or only gaze a little while; For there a fatal image grows That the stormy night receives, Roots half hidden under snows, Broken boughs and blackened leaves. For all things turn to barrenness In the dim glass the demons hold, The glass of outer weariness, Made when God slept in times of old. There, through the broken branches, go The ravens of unresting thought; Flying, crying, to and fro, Cruel claw and hungry throat, Or else they stand and sniff the wind, And shake their ragged wings; alas! Thy tender eyes grow all unkind: Gaze no more in the bitter glass.- The Two Trees
Omar Khayyám, The Ruba'iyat of Omar Khayyam|Wake! For the Sun, who scatter'd into flightThe Stars before him from the Field of Night,Drives Night along with them from Heav'n,and strikesThe Sultan's Turret with a Shaft of Light
Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac|...But...to sing,to dream, to smile, to walk, to be alone, be free,with a voice that stirs and an eye that still can see!To cock your hat to one side, when you pleaseat a yes, a no, to fight, or- make poetry!To work without a thought of fame or fortune,on that journey, that you dream of, to the moon!Never to write a line that's not your own...
Christina Rossetti, The Poetical Works of Christina Georgina Rossetti|In the bleak midwinter Frosty wind made moan, Earth stood hard as iron, Water like a stone; Snow had fallen, Snow on snow, Snow on snow, In the bleak midwinter, Long ago. 
Mary Oliver, New and Selected Poems, Vol. 1|Look, the treesare turningtheir own bodiesinto pillarsof light,are giving off the richfragrance of cinnamonand fulfillment,the long tapersof cattailsare bursting and floating away overthe blue shouldersof the ponds,and every pond,no matter what itsname is, isnameless now.Every yeareverythingI have ever learnedin my lifetimeleads back to this: the firesand the black river of losswhose other sideis salvation,whose meaningnone of us will ever know.To live in this worldyou must be ableto do three things:to love what is mortal;to hold itagainst your bones knowingyour own life depends on it;and, when the time comes to let it go,to let it go.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|there are some poemsthat we leave behindsome that leave us behindwhile some just livesilentlyin the heartcrumble, sometimesdwindledisappeardieand are rebornwhen you smile again.
Edgar Allan Poe, Edgar Allan Poe: Selected Poems|And the Raven, never flitting, still is sitting, still is sitting On the pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door; And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon's that is dreaming, And the lamp-light o'er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor:And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor Shall be lifted — nevermore!
Jim Carroll, Forced Entries- The Downtown Diaries: 1971-1973|Poetry can unleash a terrible fear. I suppose it is the fear of possibilities, too many possibilities, each with its own endless set of variations. It's like looking too closely and too long into a mirror; soon your features distort, then erupt. You look too closely into your poems, or listen too closely to them as they arrive in whispers, and the features inside you - call it heart, call it mind, call it soul - accelerate out of control. They distort and they erupt, and it is one strange pain. You realize, then, that you can't attempt breaking down too many barriers in too short a time, because there are as many horrors waiting to get in at you as there are parts of yourself pushing to break out, and with the same, or more, fevered determination.
Roman Payne|I fancied my luck to be witnessing yet another full moon. True, I’d seen hundreds of full moons in my life, but they were not limitless. When one starts thinking of the full moon as a common sight that will come again to one’s eyes ad-infinitum, the value of life is diminished and life goes by uncherished. ‘This may be my last moon,’ I sighed, feeling a sudden sweep of sorrow; and went back to reading more of The Odyssey.
Neil Gaiman|I really don't know what "I love you" means.I think it means "Don't leave me here alone.
Dylan Thomas|[I'm]a freak user of words, not a poet.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|To be a poet is to have a soul so quick to discern, that no shade of quality escapes it, and so quick to feel, that discernment is but a hand playing with finely-ordered variety on the chords of emotion--a soul in which knowledge passes instantaneously into feeling, and feeling flashes back as a new organ of knowledge.
Edgar Allan Poe|By a route obscure and lonelyHaunted by ill angels only,Where an eidolon, named NIGHT,On a black throne reigns upright,I have reached these lands but newlyFrom an ultimate dim Thule --From a wild, weird clime that lieth, sublime,Out of SPACE, out of TIME.
Constantinos P. Cavafis, Before Time Could Change Them: The Complete Poems|ΕπιθυμίεςΣαν σώματα ωραία νεκρών που δεν εγέρασανκαι τάκλεισαν, με δάκρυα, σε μαυσωλείο λαμπρό,με ρόδα στο κεφάλι και στα πόδια γιασεμιά --έτσ' η επιθυμίες μοιάζουν που επέρασανχωρίς να εκπληρωθούν· χωρίς ν' αξιωθεί καμιάτης ηδονής μια νύχτα, ή ένα πρωϊ της φεγγερό."Desires"Like beautiful bodies of the dead who had not grown oldand they shut them, with tears, in a brilliant mausoleum,with roses at the head and jasmine at the feet --this is what desires resemble that have passedwithout fulfillment; without any of them having achieveda night of sensual delight, or a morning of brightness.
Frank O'Hara, The Collected Poems of Frank O'Hara|I am ashamed of my century, but I have to smile.
Michelangelo Buonarroti|If I am more alive because love burns and chars me,as a fire, given wood or wind, feels new elation,it's that he who lays me low is my salvation,and invigorates the more, the more he scars me.
Richard Brautigan, Rommel Drives on Deep Into Egypt|Hinged to forgetfulness like a door,she slowly closed out of sight,and she was the woman I loved,but too many times she slept likea mechanical deer in my caresses,and I ached in the metal silenceof her dreams.
John Clare, "I Am": The Selected Poetry of John Clare|I am—yet what I am none cares or knows; My friends forsake me like a memory lost: I am the self-consumer of my woes— They rise and vanish in oblivious host, Like shadows in love’s frenzied stifled throes And yet I am, and live—like vapours tossed
Maya Angelou, I Shall Not Be Moved|A certain person wondered whya big strong girl like mewouldn't keep a jobwhich paid a normal salary.I took my time to lead herand to read her every page.Even minimal peoplecan't survive on minimal wage.A certain person wondered whyI wait all week for you.I didn't have the wordsto describe just what you do.I said you had the motionof the ocean in your walk,and when you solve my riddlesyou don't even have to talk.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|I believe in the flesh and the appetites; Seeing, hearing, feeling, are miracles, and each part and tag of me is a miracle. Divine am I inside and out, and I make holy whatever I touch or am touch’d from;The scent of these arm-pits, aroma finer than prayer; This head more than churches, bibles, and all the creeds.
Mia Hollow|You must burn. Burn higher. Burn for everything you have ever wanted. For everything you have ever lost, for every crack in your heart and every fraction of every irreplaceable moment. Burn high for love. For fear. For life. Burn as fast and as long as you can. You must burn, burn higher. Because nothing in this world will kill you faster than a dying fire.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|MISERABLERelease the toxic and infectious-Spreaders of misery,Souls destroying souls-And poisonous liars.Awaken from the hallucinations-And take back your heart.Reclaim your self-esteem-And leave the toxic be.
C.D. Wright, Cooling Time: An American Poetry Vigil|Poetry is the language of intensity. Because we are going to die, an expression of intensity is justified.
David Byrne, Bicycle Diaries|I sense the world might be more dreamlike, metaphorical, and poetic than we currently believe--but just as irrational as sympathetic magic when looked at in a typically scientific way. I wouldn't be surprised if poetry--poetry in the broadest sense, in the sense of a world filled with metaphor, rhyme, and recurring patterns, shapes, and designs--is how the world works. The world isn't logical, it's a song.
William Ernest Henley, Hawthorn and Lavender: With Other Verses|O, it's die we must, but it's live we can, And the marvel of earth and sun Is all for the joy of woman and man And the longing that makes them one.
Charlotte Eriksson|6 months, 2 weeks, 4 days,and I still don’t know which month it was thenor what day it is now.Blurred out linesfrom hangovers to coffeeAnother vagabond lost to love.4am alone and on my way.These are my finest moments.I scrub my skinto rid me from youand I still don’t know why I cried.It was just something in the way you took my heart and rearranged my insides and I couldn’t recognise the emptiness you left me with when you were done. Maybe you thought my insides would fit better this way, look better this way, to you and us and all the rest.But then you must have changed your mindor made a wrongbecause why did youleave?6 months, 2 weeks, 4 days,and I still don’t know which month it was thenor what day it is now.I replace cafés with crowded bars and empty roads with broken bottlesand this town is healing me slowly but still not slow or fast enough because there’s no right way to do this.There is no right way to do this.There is no right way to do this.
E.E. Cummings|You have played, (I think) And broke the toys you were fondest of, And are a little tired now; Tired of things that break, and— Just tired. So am I.
W.H. Auden|I will love you forever" swears the poet. I find this easy to swear too. "I will love you at 4:15 pm next Tuesday" - Is that still as easy?
Alexander Pope, The Rape of the Lock|Beauties in vain their pretty eyes may roll; Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
William Wordsworth|When from our better selves we have too longBeen parted by the hurrying world, and droop,Sick of its business, of its pleasures tired,How gracious, how benign, is Solitude
Langston Hughes, Selected Poems|Out of love,No regrets--Though the goodnessBe wasted forever.Out of love,No regrets--Though the returnBe never.
Omar Khayyám, Edward Fitzgerald's The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam|A book of verses underneath the boughA flask of wine, a loaf of bread and thouBeside me singing in the wildernessAnd wilderness is paradise now.
Rosa Luxemburg|Being human means throwing your whole life on the scales of destiny when need be, all the while rejoicing in every sunny day and every beautiful cloud.
Adrienne Rich, The Dream of a Common Language|I choose to love this time for oncewith all my intelligence-from "Splittings
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner|Alone, alone, all, all alone, Alone on a wide wide sea! And never a saint took pity on My soul in agony.
C.D. Wright, Cooling Time: An American Poetry Vigil|Nobody reads poetry, we are told at every inopportune moment. I read poetry. I am somebody. I am the people, too. It can be allowed that an industrious quantity of contemporary American poetry is consciously written for a hermetic constituency; the bulk is written for the bourgeoisie, leaving a lean cut for labor. Only the hermetically aimed has a snowball's chance in hell of reaching its intended ears. One proceeds from this realization. A staggering figure of vibrant, intelligent people can and do live without poetry, especially without the poetry of their time. This figure includes the unemployed, the rank and file, the union brass, banker, scientist, lawyer, doctor, architect, pilot, and priest. It also includes most academics, most of the faculty of the humanities, most allegedly literary editors and most allegedly literary critics. They do so--go forward in their lives, toward their great reward, in an engulfing absence of poetry--without being perceived or perceiving themselves as hobbled or deficient in any significant way. It is nearly true, though I am often reminded of a Transtromer broadside I saw in a crummy office building in San Francisco:We got dressed and showed the houseYou live well the visitor saidThe slum must be inside you.If I wanted to understand a culture, my own for instance, and if I thought such an understanding were the basis for a lifelong inquiry, I would turn to poetry first. For it is my confirmed bias that the poets remain the most 'stunned by existence,' the most determined to redeem the world in words..
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Writing, then, was a substitute for myself: if you don't love me, love my writing & love me for my writing. It is also much more: a way of ordering and reordering the chaos of experience.
Deborah Garrison, A Working Girl Can't Win|Used to be hewas my heart's desire.His forthright gaze,his expert hands:I'd lie on the couch with my eyesclosed just thinking about it.Never about the factthat everything changes,that even this,my best passion,would not be immune.No, I would bask on in aneternal daydream of the handsfinding me, the gaze like a windingstair coaxing me down. . . .Until I caught a glimpseof something in the mirror:silly girl in her lingerie,dancing with the furniture--a hot little bundle, flush withcliches. Into that pairof too-bright eyes I lookedand saw myself. And something else: would never look that way.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Works of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Unasked, Unsought, Love gives itself but is not bought
Jim Morrison|If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel.
Luís de Camões, Sonetos de Camões|Times change, as do our wills, What we are - is ever changing; All the world is made of change, And forever attaining new qualities.
Pablo Neruda, Odes to Common Things|So the freshness lives onin a lemon,in the sweet-smelling house of the rind,the proportions, arcane and acerb.
Brandi L. Bates|All those other girls are cake...I'm Crème brûlée...Tiramisu, if you will. Just a few notches above.
William Wordsworth|Dreams, books, are each a world; and books, we know,Are a substantial world, both pure and good:Round these, with tendrils strong as flesh and blood,Our pastime and our happiness will grow.
Jorge Luis Borges, This Craft of Verse|Sometimes, looking at the many books I have at home, I feel I shall die before I come to the end of them, yet I cannot resist the temptation of buying new books. Whenever I walk into a bookstore and find a book on one of my hobbies — for example, Old English or Old Norse poetry — I say to myself, “What a pity I can’t buy that book, for I already have a copy at home.
Mary Oliver, Red Bird|So come to the pond, or the river of your imagination, or the harbor of your longing,and put your lips to the world.And live your life.
W.H. Auden, As I Walked Out One Evening: Songs, Ballads, Lullabies, Limericks & Other Light Verse|O stand, stand at the window As the tears scald and start;You shall love your crooked neighbour With your crooked heart.
Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in this One|the only thing required to be a woman is to identifyas one.- period, end of story.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Now begins to rise in me the familiar rhythm; words that have lain dormant now lift, now toss their crests, and fall and rise, and falls again. I am a poet, yes. Surely I am a great poet.
Frank O'Hara|My HeartI'm not going to cry all the timenor shall I laugh all the time,I don't prefer one "strain" to another.I'd have the immediacy of a bad movie,not just a sleeper, but also the big,overproduced first-run kind. I want to be at least as alive as the vulgar. And if some aficionado of my mess says "That's not like Frank!," all to the good! I don't wear brown and grey suits all the time, do I? No. I wear workshirts to the opera,often. I want my feet to be bare,I want my face to be shaven, and my heart--you can't plan on the heart, butthe better part of it, my poetry, is open.
Neil Gaiman|If you only write when you’re inspired you may be a fairly decent poet, but you’ll never be a novelist because you’re going to have to make your word count today and those words aren’t going to wait for you whether you’re inspired or not.You have to write when you’re not inspired. And you have to write the scenes that don’t inspire you. And the weird thing is that six months later, a year later, you’ll look back at them and you can’t remember which scenes you wrote when you were inspired and which scenes you just wrote because they had to be written next.The process of writing can be magical. …Mostly it’s a process of putting one word after another.
Naomi Shihab Nye, Red Suitcase|Anyone who says, “Here’s my address,write me a poem,” deserves something in reply.So I’ll tell a secret instead:poems hide. In the bottoms of our shoes,they are sleeping. They are the shadowsdrifting across our ceilings the moment before we wake up. What we have to dois live in a way that lets us find them.
Philip Larkin, High Windows|Rather than words comes the thought of high windows:The sun-comprehending glass,And beyond it, the deep blue air, that showsNothing, and is nowhere, and is endless.
Frank O'Hara|That's not a run in your stocking, it's a hand on your leg.
Vikram Chandra, Red Earth and Pouring Rain|Ask him why there are hypocrites in the world.''Because it is hard to bear the happiness of others.''When are we happy?''When we desire nothing and realize that possession is only momentary, and so are forever playing.''What is regret?''To realize that one has spent one's life worrying about the future.''What is sorrow?''To long for the past.''What is the highest pleasure?''To hear a good story.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Works of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|The Children's HourBetween the dark and the daylight,When the night is beginning to lower,Comes a pause in the day's occupations,That is known as the Children's Hour.I hear in the chamber above meThe patter of little feet,The sound of a door that is opened,And voices soft and sweet.From my study I see in the lamplight,Descending the broad hall stair,Grave Alice, and laughing Allegra,And Edith with golden hair.A whisper, and then a silence:Yet I know by their merry eyesThey are plotting and planning togetherTo take me by surprise.A sudden rush from the stairway,A sudden raid from the hall!By three doors left unguardedThey enter my castle wall!They climb up into my turretO'er the arms and back of my chair;If I try to escape, they surround me;They seem to be everywhere.They almost devour me with kisses,Their arms about me entwine,Till I think of the Bishop of BingenIn his Mouse-Tower on the Rhine!Do you think, o blue-eyed banditti,Because you have scaled the wall,Such an old mustache as I amIs not a match for you all!I have you fast in my fortress,And will not let you depart,But put you down into the dungeonIn the round-tower of my heart.And there will I keep you forever,Yes, forever and a day,Till the walls shall crumble to ruin,And moulder in dust away!
Alfred Tennyson, Ulysses|How dull it is to pause, to make an end,To rust unburnish’d, not to shine in use!As tho’ to breathe were life!
Dante Alighieri, The Divine Comedy|Those ancients who in poetry presented the golden age, who sang its happy state,perhaps, in their Parnassus, dreamt this place. Here, mankind's root was innocent; and herewere every fruit and never-ending spring; these streams--the nectar of which poets sing.
Stanley Kunitz, The Collected Poems|In my darkest night,when the moon was coveredand I roamed through wreckage,a nimbus-clouded voicedirected me:“Live in the layers,not on the litter.”Though I lack the artto decipher it,no doubt the next chapterin my book of transformationsis already written.I am not done with my changes.
Joyce Cary, The Horse's Mouth|Nothing like poetry when you lie awake at night. It keeps the old brain limber. It washes away the mud and sand that keeps on blocking up the bends.Like waves to make the pebbles dance on my old floors. And turn them into rubies and jacinths; or at any rate, good imitations.
Elizabeth Brooks|Everything is all right,When you’re here,When you’re right next to me,When my hand is in yours,Don’t leave me,Don’t leave me empty handed.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|I celebrate myself, and sing myself, And what I assume you shall assume,For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you.
Rudyard Kipling|At two o'clock in the morning, if you open your window and listen,You will hear the feet of the Wind that is going to call the sun.And the trees in the Shadow rustle and the trees in the moonlight glisten,And though it is deep, dark night, you feel that the night is done.
Pablo Neruda, Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair|Ya no la quiero, es cierto, pero tal vez la quiero.Es tan corto el amor, y es tan largo el olvido.
A. Saleh, Poetry Eyes|When you write about what you dream, you become a writer.When you dream about what you write, you become haunted by a curse.
John Donne|Our two souls therefore, which are one,  Though I must go, endure not yet  A breach, but an expansion,  Like gold to aery thinness beat. If they be two, they are two so  As stiff twin compasses are two ;  Thy soul, the fix'd foot, makes no show  To move, but doth, if th' other do. And though it in the centre sit,  Yet, when the other far doth roam,  It leans, and hearkens after it,  And grows erect, as that comes home. Such wilt thou be to me, who must,  Like th' other foot, obliquely run ;  Thy firmness makes my circle just,  And makes me end where I begun.
Arakida Moritake, Traditional Japanese Poetry: An Anthology|A fallen blossomreturning to the bough, I thought --But no, a butterfly.
Pablo Neruda|Escóndeme en tus brazospor esta noche sola,mientras la lluvia rompecontra el mar y la tierrasu boca innumerable.
Edgar Allan Poe|I have been happy, though in a dream.I have been happy-and I love the theme:Dreams! in their vivid colouring of lifeAs in that fleeting, shadowy, misty strife
Tom Schulman, Dead Poets Society|And medecine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love: these are what we stay alive for.
John Clare, The Later Poems, 1837-1864: Volumes I and II|I found the poems in the fields,And only wrote them down.
Naomi Shihab Nye, Time You Let Me In: 25 Poets under 25|I'm like the weather, never really can predict when this rain cloud's gonna burst; when it's the high or it's the low, when you might need a light jacket.Sometimes I'm the slush that sticks to the bottom of your work pants, but I can easily be the melting snowflakes clinging to your long lashes.I know that some people like:sunny and seventy-five,sunny and seventy-five,sunny and seventy-five,but you take me as I am and neverforget to pack an umbrella.
Bruce Wayne Sullivan|Anyone who has no need of anybody but himself is either a beast or a God."Aristotle
H.D., Trilogy: The Walls Do Not Fall / Tribute to the Angels / The Flowering of the Rod|...if you do not even understand what words say,how can you expect to pass judgementon what words conceal?
James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves|I saw my face todayAnd it looked older,Without the warmth of wisdomOr the softnessBorn of pain and waiting.The dreams were gone from my eyes,Hope lost in hollownessOn my cheeks,A finger of deathPulling at my jaws.So I did my push-upsAnd wondered if I'd ever find you,To see my faceWith friendlier eyes than mine.
Lao Tzu, The Chinese Translations|A man who knows how little he knows is well, a man who knows how much he knows is sick. If, when you see the symptoms, you can tell, Your cure is quick.A sound man knows that sickness makes him sick and before he catches it his cure is quick.
T.S. Eliot, The Sacred Wood|No poet, no artist of any art, has his complete meaning alone. His significance, his appreciation is the appreciation of his relation to the dead poets and artists. You cannot value him alone; you must set him, for contrast and comparison, among the dead.
Dorothy Parker, The Portable Dorothy Parker|My love runs by like a day in June, And he makes no friends of sorrows. He'll tread his galloping rigadoon In the pathway of the morrows. He'll live his days where the sunbeams start, Nor could storm or wind uproot him. My own dear love, he is all my heart, -- And I wish somebody'd shoot him.
Charles Baudelaire, Intimate Journals|Relate comic things in pompous fashion. Irregularity, in other words the unexpected, the surprising, the astonishing, are essential to and characteristic of beauty. Two fundamental literary qualities: supernaturalism and irony. The blend of the grotesque and the tragic are attractive to the mind, as is discord to blasé ears. Imagine a canvas for a lyrical, magical farce, for a pantomime, and translate it into a serious novel. Drown the whole thing in an abnormal, dreamy atmosphere, in the atmosphere of great days … the region of pure poetry.
Amy Lowell|For books are more than books, they are the lifeThe very heart and core of ages past,The reason why men lived and worked and died,The essence and quintessence of their lives.
Emily Brontë, Poems by Currer, Ellis, and Acton Bell|And, even yet, I dare not let it languish,Dare not indulge in memory’s rapturous pain;Once drinking deep of that divinest anguish,How could I seek the empty world again?
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Complete Poems|And the Spring arose on the garden fair,Like the Spirit of Love felt everywhere;And each flower and herb on Earth's dark breastRose from the dreams of its wintry rest.
Fran Lebowitz, Metropolitan Life/Social Studies|If you are of the opinion that the contemplation of suicide is sufficient evidence of a poetic nature, do not forget that actions speak louder than words.
Shel Silverstein|Pirate Captain Jim"Walk the plank," says Pirate Jim"But Captain Jim, I cannot swim.""Then you must steer us through the gale.""But Captain Jim, I cannot sail.""Then down with the galley slaves you go.""But Captain Jim, I cannot row.""Then you must be the pirate's clerk.""But Captain Jim, I cannot work.
Anne Bradstreet|I am obnoxious to each carping tongue/ Who says my hand a needle better fits./ A poet's pen all scorn I should thus wrong/ For such despite they cast on female wits;/ If what I do prove well, it won't advance,/ They'll say it's stolen, or else, it was by chance.
Beau Taplin|Self love is an oceanand your heart is a vessel. Make it full,and any excess will spill overinto the lives of the peopleyou hold dear. But you must come first.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Fare well we call to hearth and hallThough wind may blow and rain may fallWe must away ere break of dayOver the wood and mountain tallTo Rivendell where Elves yet dwellIn glades beneath the misty fellThrough moor and waste we ride in hasteAnd wither then we cannot tellWith foes ahead behind us dreadBeneath the sky shall be our bedUntil at last our toil be spedOur journey done, our errand spedWe must away! We must away!We ride before the break of day!
Paul Valéry, The Art of Poetry|Nothing is more natural than mutual misunderstanding; the contrary is always surprising. I believe that one never agrees on anything except by mistake, and that all harmony among human beings is the happy fruit of an error.
Mark Strand, Selected Poems|Even this late it happens:the coming of love, the coming of light.
Robert Frost, The Poetry of Robert Frost|Fireflies in the GardenBy Robert Frost 1874–1963 Here come real stars to fill the upper skies, And here on earth come emulating flies, That though they never equal stars in size, (And they were never really stars at heart) Achieve at times a very star-like start. Only, of course, they can't sustain the part.
Umberto Eco, Postscript to the Name of the Rose|Rem tene, verba sequentur: grasp the subject, and the words will follow. This, I believe, is the opposite of what happens with poetry, which is more a case of verba tene, res sequenter: grasp the words, and the subject will follow.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Mine the Harvest|And must I then, indeed, Pain, live with youall through my life?-sharing my fire, my bed,Sharing-oh, worst of all things!-the same head?-And, when I feed myself, feeding you too?
Emily Dickinson, I'm Nobody! Who Are You?|It was not death, for I stood up,And all the dead lie down;It was not night, for all the bellsPut out their tongues, for noon.It was not frost, for on my fleshI felt siroccos crawl,Nor fire, for just my marble feetCould keep a chancel cool.And yet it tasted like them all;The figures I have seenSet orderly, for burial,Reminded me of mine,As if my life were shavenAnd fitted to a frame,And could not breathe without a key;And I was like midnight, some,When everything that ticked has stopped,And space stares, all around,Or grisly frosts, first autumn morns,Repeal the beating ground.But most like chaos,--stopless, cool,Without a chance or spar,--Or even a report of landTo justify despair.
Christina Rossetti, Complete Poems|I lock my door upon myself, And bar them out; but who shall wall Self from myself, most loathed of all?
Miroslav Antić|Ali ipak uz mene se može, mada je neobično, Sa mnom je opasno hteti, ja nikad ne odustajem.
Frank O'Hara|Oh! kangaroos, sequins, chocolate sodas! / You really are beautiful! Pearls, / harmonicas, jujubes, aspirins!
Jibanananda Das, জীবনানন্দ দাশের শ্রেষ্ঠ কবিতা|সারাটি রাত্রি তারাটির সাথে তারাটিরই হয় কথা,আমাদের মুখ সারাটি রাত্রি মাটির বুকের 'পরে!
Li-Young Lee, The City in Which I Love You|a bruise, bluein the muscle, youimpinge upon me.As bone hugs the ache home, soI'm vexed to love you, your bodythe shape of returns, your hair a torsoof light, your heatI must have, your openingI'd eat, each momentof that soft-finned fruit,inverted fountain in which I don't see me.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Isn’t it time that these most ancient sorrows of ours grew fruitful? Time that we tenderly loosed ourselves from the loved one, and, unsteadily, survived: the way the arrow, suddenly all vector, survives the string to be more than itself. For abiding is nowhere.
Stephen Dunn|ConnubialBecause with alarming accuracy she’d been identifying patterns I was unaware of—this tic, that tendency, like the way I've mastered the language of intimacy in order to conceal how I felt— I knew I was in danger of being terribly understood.
Edgar Allan Poe|It was many and many a year ago,In a kingdom by the sea,That a maiden there lived whom you may knowBy the name of ANNABEL LEE;And this maiden she lived with no other thoughtThan to love and be loved by me.I was a child and she was a child,In this kingdom by the sea;But we loved with a love that was more than love-I and my Annabel Lee;With a love that the winged seraphs of heavenCoveted her and me.And this was the reason that, long ago,In this kingdom by the sea,A wind blew out of a cloud, chillingMy beautiful Annabel Lee;So that her highborn kinsman cameAnd bore her away from me,To shut her up in a sepulchreIn this kingdom by the sea.The angels, not half so happy in heaven,Went envying her and me-Yes!- that was the reason (as all men know,In this kingdom by the sea)That the wind came out of the cloud by night,Chilling and killing my Annabel Lee.But our love it was stronger by far than the loveOf those who were older than we-Of many far wiser than we-And neither the angels in heaven above,Nor the demons down under the sea,Can ever dissever my soul from the soulOf the beautiful Annabel Lee.For the moon never beams without bringing me dreamsOf the beautiful Annabel Lee;And the stars never rise but I feel the bright eyesOf the beautiful Annabel Lee;And so, all the night-tide, I lie down by the sideOf my darling- my darling- my life and my bride,In the sepulchre there by the sea,In her tomb by the sounding sea." "It was many and many a year ago,In a kingdom by the sea,That a maiden there lived whom you may knowBy the name of ANNABEL LEE;And this maiden she lived with no other thoughtThan to love and be loved by me.I was a child and she was a child,In this kingdom by the sea;But we loved with a love that was more than love-I and my Annabel Lee;With a love that the winged seraphs of heavenCoveted her and me.And this was the reason that, long ago,In this kingdom by the sea,A wind blew out of a cloud, chillingMy beautiful Annabel Lee;So that her highborn kinsman cameAnd bore her away from me,To shut her up in a sepulchreIn this kingdom by the sea.The angels, not half so happy in heaven,Went envying her and me-Yes!- that was the reason (as all men know,In this kingdom by the sea)That the wind came out of the cloud by night,Chilling and killing my Annabel Lee.But our love it was stronger by far than the loveOf those who were older than we-Of many far wiser than we-And neither the angels in heaven above,Nor the demons down under the sea,Can ever dissever my soul from the soulOf the beautiful Annabel Lee.For the moon never beams without bringing me dreamsOf the beautiful Annabel Lee;And the stars never rise but I feel the bright eyesOf the beautiful Annabel Lee;And so, all the night-tide, I lie down by the sideOf my darling- my darling- my life and my bride,In the sepulchre there by the sea,In her tomb by the sounding sea.
John Dryden, Absalom and Achitophel|But far more numerous was the herd of such,Who think too little, and who talk too much.
Vladimir Nabokov|while the scientist sees everything that happens in one point of space, the poet feels everything that happens in one point of time.
Penny Reid, Beauty and the Mustache|When you cried, I learned what helplessness tastes like. Because all I could do was swallow.
William Shakespeare|A lover goes toward his beloved as enthusiastically as a schoolboy leaving his books, but when he leaves his girlfriend, he feels as miserable as the schoolboy on his way to school. (Act 2, scene 2)
Munia Khan|All shadows of clouds the sun cannot hide like the moon cannot stop oceanic tide;but a hidden star can still be smiling at night's black spell on darkness, beguiling
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense|sometimes when everything seems atits worstwhen all conspiresand gnawsand the hours, days, weeksyearsseem wasted – stretched there upon my bedin the darklooking upward at the ceilingi get what many will consider anobnoxious thought:it’s still nice to beBukowski.
The Rubaiyat of Hafiz|When no one is looking,I swallow deserts and cloudsand chew on mountainsknowing they are sweet bones!When no one is lookingand I want to kiss God,I just lift my own hand to my mouth.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|If we surrenderedto earth’s intelligencewe could rise up rooted, like trees.Instead we entangle ourselvesin knots of our own makingand struggle, lonely and confused.So like children, we begin again...to fall,patiently to trust our heaviness.Even a bird has to do thatbefore he can fly.
Gary D. Schmidt, Okay for Now|You know, there are good reasons to learn how to read. Poetry isn't one of them. I mean, so what if two roads go two ways in a wood? So what? Who cares if it made all that big a difference? What difference? And why should I have to guess what the difference is? Isn't that what he's supposed to say?Why can't poets just say what they want to say and then shut up?
John Dryden, All for Love|Errors, like straws, upon the surface flow; He who would search for pearls, must dive below.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|This poetry. I never know what I'm going to say.I don't plan it.When I'm outside the saying of it,I get very quiet and rarely speak at all.
Boris Pasternak|February. Get ink, shed tears.Write of it, sob your heart out, sing,While torrential slush that roarsBurns in the blackness of the spring.Go hire a buggy. For six grivnas,Race through the noice of bells and wheelsTo where the ink and all you grievingAre muffled when the rainshower falls.To where, like pears burnt black as charcoal,A myriad rooks, plucked from the trees,Fall down into the puddles, hurlDry sadness deep into the eyes.Below, the wet black earth shows through,With sudden cries the wind is pitted,The more haphazard, the more trueThe poetry that sobs its heart out. 
Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress|Thus, though we cannot make our sun Stand still, yet we will make him run.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|Doubt not, O poet, but persist. Say 'It is in me, and shall out.' Stand there, balked and dumb, stuttering and stammering, hissed and hooted, stand and strive, until at last rage draw out of thee that dream-power which every night shows thee is thine own; a power transcending all limit and privacy, and by virtue of which a man is the conductor of the whole river of electricity.
Heinrich Heine|First, I thought, almost despairing,This must crush my spirit now;Yet I bore it, and am bearing-Only do not ask me how.
William Blake, Songs of Innocence and of Experience|I wander through each chartered street,Near where the chartered Thames does flow;A mark in every face I meet,Marks of weakness, marks of woe.In every cry of every man,In every infant’s cry of fear,In every voice, in every ban,The mind-forged manacles I hear:How the chimney-sweeper’s cryEvery blackening church appals,And the hapless soldier’s sighRuns in blood down palace-walls.But most, through midnight streets I hearHow the youthful harlot’s curseBlasts the new-born infant’s tear,And blights with plagues the marriage-hearse.
Jeffrey McDaniel|Reminiscing in the drizzle of Portland, I notice the ring that’s landed on your finger, a massiveinsect of glitter, a chandelier shining at the endof a long tunnel. Thirteen years ago, you hid the hurtin your voice under a blanket and said there’s two kindsof women—those you write poems aboutand those you don’t. It’s true. I never brought youa bouquet of sonnets, or served you haiku in bed.My idea of courtship was tapping Jane’s Addictionlyrics in Morse code on your window at three A.M., whiskey doing push-ups on my breath. But I workedwithin the confines of my character, castas the bad boy in your life, the Magellanof your dark side. We don’t have a past so muchas a bunch of electricity and liquor, powernever put to good use. What we had togethermakes it sound like a virus, as if we caughtone another like colds, and desire was merelya symptom that could be treated with soupand lots of sex. Gliding beside you now, I feel like the Benjamin Franklin of monogamy, as if I invented it, but I’m still not immuneto your waterfall scent, still haven’t developedantibodies for your smile. I don’t know how longregret existed before humans stuck a word on it.I don’t know how many paper towels it would taketo wipe up the Pacific Ocean, or why the lightof a candle being blown out travels fasterthan the luminescence of one that’s just been lit, but I do know that all our huffing and puffinginto each other’s ears—as if the brain was a trickbirthday candle—didn’t make the silenceany easier to navigate. I’m sorry all the kissesI scrawled on your neck were writtenin disappearing ink. Sometimes I thought of youso hard one of your legs would pop outof my ear hole, and when I was sleeping, you’d pressyour face against the porthole of my submarine.I’m sorry this poem has taken thirteen yearsto reach you. I wish that just once, instead of skiddingoff the shoulder blade’s precipice and joyridingover flesh, we’d put our hands away like chocolateto be saved for later, and deciphered the calligraphyof each other’s eyelashes, translated a paragraphfrom the volumes of what couldn’t be said.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Renascence and Other Poems|The first rose on my rose-tree  Budded, bloomed, and shattered, During sad days when to me  Nothing mattered. Grief of grief has drained me clean;  Still it seems a pity No one saw,—it must have been  Very pretty.
Robert Browning, Jocoseria|What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew
Catherine Spann|Cut my life into pizzas. this is my plastic fork. oven baking, no breathing, dont give a fuck if its carbs that i'm eating' -Catherine Spann
Pablo Neruda, Memoirs|I stalk certain words... I catch them in mid-flight, as they buzz past, I trap them, clean them, peel them, I set myself in front of the dish, they have a crystalline texture to me, vibrant, ivory, vegetable, oily, like fruit, like algae, like agates, like olives... I stir them, I shake them, I drink them, I gulp them down, I mash them, I garnish them... I leave them in my poem like stalactites, like slivers of polished wood, like coals, like pickings from a shipwreck, gifts from the waves... Everything exists in the word.
Tim Burton|Staring GirlI once knew a girlwho would just stand there and stare.At anyone or anything,she seemed not to careShe'd stare at the ground,She'd stare at the sky.She'd stare at you for hours,and you'd never know why.But after winning the local staring contest,she finally gave her eyesa well-deserved rest.
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|sometimes i don't know, which momentwhich cool gust of wind will come,and enchant metousling my hairand my heart, stirring...that familiar ache of poetry, which drop will kissthe old wrench in my soulreminding me, all over againi miss you better in the rain.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|How does the ordinary person come to the transcendent? For a start, I would say, study poetry. Learn how to read a poem. You need not have the experience to get the message, or at least some indication of the message. It may come gradually. (92)
Holly Black, Valiant|One fine day, in the middle of the night, two dead boys got up to fight. Back to back they faced each other. They pulled out their swords and shot one another. One deaf cop, on the beat heard the noise, and came and shot the two dead boys.
Robert Browning|The rain set early in tonight,The sullen wind was soon awake,It tore the elm-tops down for spite,And did its best to vex the lake:I listened with heart fit to break.When glided in Porphyria; straightShe shut the cold out and the storm,And kneeled and made the cheerless grateBlaze up and all the cottage warm;
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Will grinned. “Some of these books are dangerous,” he said. “It’s wise to be careful.”“One must always be careful of books,” said Tessa, “and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us.”“I’m not sure a book has ever changed me,” said Will. “Well, there is one volume that promises to teach one how to turn oneself into an entire flock of sheep—”“Only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry,” said Tessa
Joss Whedon|My soul is wrapped in harsh repose,Midnight descends in raven-colored clothes,But soft... behold!A sunlight beamButting a swath of glimmering gleam.My heart expands,'tis grown a bulge in it,Inspired by your beauty...Effulgent.
W.B. Yeats, The Winding Stair and Other Poems|I sat, a solitary man,In a crowded London shop,An open book and empty cupOn the marble table-top.While on the shop and street I gazedMy body of a sudden blazed;And twenty minutes more or lessIt seemed, so great my happiness,That I was blessed and could bless.
Kathryn Lasky, The Capture|Flutter like a hummingbird, Dive like an eagle, Ain't no bird that's my equal. - Twilight
Emily Dickinson, Selected Poems|After great pain, a formal feeling comes – The Nerves sit ceremonious, like Tombs – The stiff Heart questions was it He, that bore,And Yesterday, or Centuries before?The Feet, mechanical, go round – Of Ground, or Air, or Ought – A Wooden way Regardless grown, A Quartz contentment, like a stone – This is the Hour of Lead – Remembered, if outlived, As Freezing persons, recollect the Snow – First – Chill – then Stupor – then the letting go –
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The secret of poetry is never explained - is always new. We have not got farther than mere wonder at the delicacy of the touch, & the eternity it inherits. In every house a child that in mere play utters oracles, & knows not that they are such. 'Tis as easy as breath. 'Tis like this gravity, which holds the Universe together, & none knows what it is.
Dorianne Laux, The Poet's Companion: A Guide To The Pleasures Of Writing Poetry|Who you are contributes to your poetry in a number of important ways, but you shouldn't identify with your poems so closely that when they are cut, you're the one that bleeds.
Jeannine Hall Gailey, Becoming the Villainess|Little CinderGirl, they can't understand you.You rise from the as-heap in a blazeand only then do they recognize you as their one true love.While you pray beneath your mother's tree you carrve a phoenix into your palmwth aa hazel twig and coal;every night she devours more of you.You used to believe in angels.Now you believe in the makeover;if you can't get the grime off your faceand your foot into a size six heelwho will ever bother to notice you?The kettle and the broom sear in your grasp,snap into fragments. The turtledoves sing,"There's blood within the shoe."You deserve the palace, you think, as you signalthe pigeons to attack, approve the barrel filled with red-hot nails.Its great hearth beckons, and the prince's flagrises crimson in the angry sun.He will love you for the heat you generate,for the flames you ignite around you,though he encase your tiny feet in glassto keep them from scorching the ground.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|This cruel age has deflected me,like a river from this course.Strayed from its familiar shores,my changeling life has flowedinto a sister channel.How many spectacles I've missed:the curtain rising without me,and falling too. How many friendsI never had the chance to meet.
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|Sometimes I think,I need a spare heart to feel all the things I feel.
Karl Lagerfeld|Like poetry, fashion does not state anything. It merely suggests
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|And to 'scape stormy days, I choose an everlasting night.
José Luís Peixoto, A Criança em Ruínas|one day, when tenderness has become the single rule of the morning,/ I will wake in your arms. perhaps your skin will be overly gorgeous./ and the light will include the impossible understanding of love.
Roger Zelazny, Isle of the Dead|I watched the spinning stars, grateful, sad and proud, as only a man who has outlived his destiny and realizes he might yet forge himself another, can be.
Tim Burton|Robot BoyMr. an Mrs. Smith had a wonderful life.They were a normal, happy husband and wife.One day they got news that made Mr. Smith glad.Mrs. Smith would would be a momwhich would make him the dad!But something was wrong with their bundle of joy.It wasn't human at all,it was a robot boy!He wasn't warm and cuddlyand he didn't have skin.Instead there was a cold, thin layer of tin.There were wires and tubes sticking out of his head.He just lay there and stared,not living or dead.The only time he seemed alive at allwas with a long extension cordplugged into the wall.Mr. Smith yelled at the doctor,"What have you done to my boy?He's not flesh and blood,he's aluminum alloy!"The doctor said gently,"What I'm going to saywill sound pretty wild.But you're not the father of this strange looking child.You see, there still is some questionabout the child's gender,but we think that its fatheris a microwave blender."The Smith's lives were now filledwith misery and strife.Mrs. Smith hated her husband,and he hated his wife.He never forgave her unholy alliance:a sexual encounterwith a kitchen appliance.And Robot Boygrew to be a young man.Though he was often mistakenfor a garbage can.
Li-Young Lee|I am that last, thatfinal thing, the bodyin a white sheet listening,
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|So the nymphs they spoke,we kissed and laid.By noontime’s hourour love was made.Like braided chains of crocus stems,we lay entwined, I laid with them.Our breath, one glassy, tideless sea,our bodies draping wearily,we slept, I slept so lucidly,with hopes to stay this memory.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Songwriting and poetry are so commonly birthed from underdogs because one can make even the ugliest situations admirable, or more beautiful than the beautiful situations - they are the most graceful media in which the lines of society are distorted.
Boris Pasternak|Poetry is a rich, full-bodied whistle, cracked ice crunching in pails, the night that numbs the leaf, the duel of two nightingales, the sweet pea that has run wild, Creation's tears in shoulder blades.
Mary Oliver, Dream Work|I wanted the past to go away, I wantedto leave it, like another country; I wantedmy life to close, and openlike a hinge, like a wing, like the part of the songwhere it fallsdown over the rocks: an explosion, a discovery;I wantedto hurry into the work of my life; I wanted to know,whoever I was, I wasalivefor a little while.
Santōka Taneda, Mountain Tasting: Haiku and Journals of Santoka Taneda|Real haiku is the soul of poetry. Anything that is not actually present in one's heart is not haiku. The moon glows, flowers bloom, insects cry, water flows. There is no place we cannot find flowers or think of the moon. This is the essence of haiku. Go beyond the restrictions of your era, forget about purpose or meaning, separate yourself from historical limitations—there you will find the essence of true art, religion, and science.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|A precious, mouldering pleasure ’t is To meet an antique book, In just the dress his century wore; A privilege, I think.
Stevie Smith|Marriage I thinkFor womenIs the best of opiates.It kills the thoughtsThat think about the thoughts,It is the best of opiates.So said Maria.But too long in solitude she'd dwelt,And too long her thoughts had feltTheir strength. So when the man drew near,Out popped her thoughts and covered him with fear.Poor Maria! Better that she had kept her thoughts on a chain,For now she's alone again and all in pain;She sighs for the man that went and the thoughts that stayTo trouble her dreams by night and her dreams by day.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Voices of the Night|Art is long, and Time is fleeting.
Daphne Gottlieb, Why Things Burn|This weekin live currentevents: your eyes.All power can bedangerous:Director alternating,you, socket to me.Plugged in and the gridis humming,this electricity,molecule-deep desire:particular friction, a chargestrong enough to stopa heartor start itagain; volt, re-volt--I shudder, I stutter, I startto life. I've got my ionyou, copper-top,so watch how youconduct yourself.Here's today'snewsflash: a battery of rollingblackouts in California, sudden,like lightning kisses:sudden, whitehotdarkness and you'rehere, fumbling forthat small switchwith an urgent surgestrong enough to killlesser machines.Static makes hair raise,makes things cling,makes things rise likea gathering stormcharging outsideour darkened houseand here I am:tempest, pouring outmouthfullsof tsunami on the ground,I've got that rain-soaked kite,that drenched key.You know what it's for,circuit-breaker, you knowhow to kiss until it's hertz.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|True and false fears let us refrain, Let us love nobly, and live, and add again Years and years unto years, till we attain To write threescore: this is the second of our reign.
Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There|One! two! and through and throughThe vorpal blade went snickersnack!He left it dead, and with its headHe went galumphing back.
Roman Payne|I like the posture, but not the yoga. I like the inebriated morning, but not the opium. I like the flower but not the garden, the moment but not the dream. Quiet, my love. Be still. I am sleeping.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|I want my own will, and I wantsimply to be with my will,as it goes toward action.And in the silent, sometimes hardly moving times,when something is coming near,I want to be with those who knowsecret things or else alone...I want to unfold.I don’t want to be folded anywhere,because where I am folded,there I am a lie.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|Love's mysteries in souls do grow,But yet the body is his book.
Amy Lowell|A black cat among roses,phlox, lilac-misted under a quarter moon,the sweet smells of heliotrope and night-scented stock. The garden is very still.It is dazed with moonlight,contented with perfume...
Ted Hughes|The inmost spirit of poetry, in other words, is at bottom, in every recorded case, the voice of pain – and the physical body, so to speak, of poetry, is the treatment by which the poet tries to reconcile that pain with the world.
Lemony Snicket|My silence knot is tied up in my hair; as if to keep my love out of my eyes. I cannot speak to one for whom i care. A hatpin serves as part of my disguise. In the play, my role is baticeer; a word which here means "person who trains bats." The audience may feel a prick of fear, as if sharp pins are hidden in thier hats. My co-star lives on what we call a brae. His solitude might not be just an act. A piece of mail fails to arrive one day. This poignant melodrama's based on fact.The curtain falls just as the knot unties; the silence is broken by the one who dies.
Otto René Castillo|But I don't shut up and I don't die.I liveand fight, maddeningthose who rule my country.For if I liveI fight,and if I fightI contribute to the dawn.
Dorianne Laux, The Poet's Companion: A Guide To The Pleasures Of Writing Poetry|We aren't suggesting that mental instability or unhappiness makes one a better poet, or a poet at all; and contrary to the romantic notion of the artist suffering for his or her work, we think these writers achieved brilliance in spite of their suffering, not because of it.
Emily Dickinson, I'm Nobody! Who Are You?|I had been hungry all the years-My noon had come, to dine-I, trembling, drew the table nearAnd touched the curious wine. 'Twas this on tables I had seenWhen turning, hungry, lone,I looked in windows, for the wealthI could not hope to own. I did not know the ample bread,'Twas so unlike the crumbThe birds and I had often sharedIn Nature's diningroom. The plenty hurt me, 'twas so new,--Myself felt ill and odd,As berry of a mountain bushTransplanted to the road. Nor was I hungry; so I foundThat hunger was a wayOf persons outside windows,The entering takes away.
Emily Dickinson|Love is like the wild rose-briar;Friendship like the holly-tree.The holly is dark when the rose-briar blooms,But which will bloom most constantly?The wild rose-briar is sweet in spring,Its summer blossoms scent the air;Yet wait till winter comes again,And who will call the wild-briar fair?Then, scorn the silly rose-wreath now,And deck thee with holly's sheen,That, when December blights thy brow,He still may leave thy garland green.
Jean Cocteau|Every poem is a coat of arms. It must be deciphered. How much blood, how many tears in exchange for these axes, these muzzles, these unicorns, these torches, these towers, these martlets, these seedlings of stars and these fields of blue!
Walt Whitman|This is the city, and I am one of the citizens/Whatever interests the rest interests me
John Keats, Complete Poems and Selected Letters|Season of mists and mellow fruitfulness,Close bosom-friend of the maturing sun;Conspiring with him how to load and blessWith fruit the vines that round the thatch-eves run;To bend with apples the moss’d cottage-trees,And fill all fruit with ripeness to the core;To swell the gourd, and plump the hazel shellsWith a sweet kernel; to set budding more,And still more, later flowers for the bees,Until they think warm days will never cease,For Summer has o’er-brimm’d their clammy cells.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|You can never rouse Harris. There is no poetry about Harris- no wild yearning for the unattainable. Harris never "weeps, he knows not why." If Harris's eyes fill with tears, you can bet it is because Harris has been eating raw onions, or has put too much Worcester over his chop.If you were to stand at night by the sea-shore with Harris, and say:"Hark! do you not hear? Is it but the mermaids singing deep below the waving waters; or sad spirits, chanting dirges for white corpses held by seaweed?" Harris would take you by the arm, and say:"I know what it is, old man; you've got a chill. Now you come along with me. I know a place round the corner here, where you can get a drop of the finest Scotch whisky you ever tasted- put you right in less than no time."Harris always does know a place round the corner where you can get something brilliant in the drinking line. I believe that if you met Harris up in Paradise (supposing such a thing likely), he would immediately greet you with:"So glad you've come, old fellow; I've found a nice place round the corner here, where you can get some really first-class nectar.
David Carradine|If you can not be a poet, be the poem.
Chiyo Ni|But for their cries,The herons would be lostAmidst the morning snow.
Vladimir Mayakovsky|On I’ll pass,dragging my huge love behind me.On whatfeverish night, deliria-ridden,by what Goliaths was I begot – I, so bigand by no one needed?
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|I am inhabited by a cry. Nightly it flaps outLooking, with its hooks, for something to love.
Charles Wright, Littlefoot: A Poem|What makes us leave what we love best?What is it inside us that keeps erasing itselfWhen we need it most,That sends us into uncertainty for its own sakeAnd holds us flush there until we begin to love itAnd have to begin again?What is it within our own lives we decline to liveWhenever we find it, making our days unendurable,And nights almost visionless?I still don't know yet, but I do it.
Robert Frost|GATHERING LEAVESSpades take up leavesNo better than spoons,And bags full of leavesAre light as balloons.I make a great noiseOf rustling all dayLike rabbit and deerRunning away.But the mountains I raiseElude my embrace,Flowing over my armsAnd into my face.I may load and unloadAgain and againTill I fill the whole shed,And what have I then?Next to nothing for weight,And since they grew dullerFrom contact with earth,Next to nothing for color.Next to nothing for use.But a crop is a crop,And who's to say whereThe harvest shall stop?
Cath Crowley, Graffiti Moon|If my like for you was a football crowd, you’d be deaf ’cause of the roar. And if my like for you was a boxer, there’d be a dead guy lying on the floor. And if my like for you was sugar, you’d lose your teeth before you were twenty. And if my like for you was money, let’s just say you’d be spending plenty.
Alexander Pope|To wake the soul by tender strokes of art,To raise the genius, and to mend the heart
Sonia Sanchez|Come windless invaderI am a carnival ofStars, a poem of blood.
Neil Hilborn|The first time I saw her,Everything in my head went quiet.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Soul receives from soul that knowledge, therefore not by book nor from tongue. If knowledge of mysteries come after emptiness of mind, that is illumination of heart.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|All days are nights to see till I see thee, And nights bright days when dreams do show thee me.
Sylvia Plath|I am solitary as grass. What is it I miss?Shall I ever find it, whatever it is?
Margaret Atwood, You are Happy|Kill what you can't savewhat you can't eat throw outwhat you can't throw out buryWhat you can't bury give awaywhat you can't give away you must carry with you,it is always heavier than you thought.
Sappho|Eros, again now, the loosener of limbs troubles me,Bittersweet, sly, uncontrollable creature….
Czesław Miłosz|No duties. I don’t have to be profound.I don’t have to be artistically perfect.Or sublime. Or edifying.I just wander. I say: ‘You were running,That’s fine. It was the thing to do.’And now the music of the worlds transforms me.My planet enters a different house.Trees and lawns become more distinct.Philosophies one after another go out.Everything is lighter yet not less odd.Sauces, wine vintages, dishes of meat.We talk a little of district fairs,Of travels in a covered wagon with a cloud of dust behind,Of how rivers once were, what the scent of calamus is.That’s better than examining one’s private dreams.And meanwhile it has arrived. It’s here, invisible.Who can guess how it got here, everywhere.Let others take care of it. Time for me to play hooky.Buena notte. Ciao. Farewell.
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam|Poetry is a deal of joy and pain and wonder, with a dash of the dictionary.
Ally Condie, Matched|at first when the rain fell from the sky so wide and deepit smelled like sage, my favorite smellI went up on the plateau to watch it cometo see the gifts it always broughtbut this rain changed from blue to black and leftnothing.
William Blake, Songs of Innocence and of Experience|I went to the Garden of Love, And saw what I never had seen: A Chapel was built in the midst, Where I used to play on the green. And the gates of this Chapel were shut, And 'Thou shalt not' writ over the door; So I turn'd to the Garden of Love, That so many sweet flowers bore. And I saw it was filled with graves, And tomb-stones where flowers should be: And Priests in black gowns, were walking their rounds, And binding with briars, my joys & desires.
William Wordsworth|Lines Written In Early SpringI heard a thousand blended notes,While in a grove I sate reclined,In that sweet mood when pleasant thoughtsBring sad thoughts to the mind.To her fair works did Nature linkThe human soul that through me ran;And much it grieved my heart to thinkWhat man has made of man.Through primrose tufts, in that green bower,The periwinkle trailed its wreaths;And 'tis my faith that every flowerEnjoys the air it breathes.The birds around me hopped and played,Their thoughts I cannot measure:--But the least motion which they madeIt seemed a thrill of pleasure.The budding twigs spread out their fan,To catch the breezy air;And I must think, do all I can,That there was pleasure there.If this belief from heaven be sent,If such be Nature's holy plan,Have I not reason to lamentWhat man has made of man?
Heinrich Heine|A pine tree standeth lonelyIn the North on an upland bare;It standeth whitely shroudedWith snow, and sleepeth there.It dreameth of a Palm treeWhich far in the East alone,In the mournful silence standethOn its ridge of burning stone.
Frank O'Hara|Too many poets act like a middle-aged mother trying to get her kids to eat too much cooked meat, and potatoes with drippings (tears). I don't give a damn whether they eat or not. Forced feeding leads to excessive thinness (effete). Nobody should experience anything they don't need to, if they don't need poetry bully for them. I like the movies too. And after all, only Whitman and Crane and Williams, of the American poets, are better than the movies.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|I am not a finished poem, and I am not the song you’ve turned me into. I am a detached human being, making my way in a world that is constantly trying to push me aside, and you who send me letters and emails and beautiful gifts wouldn’t even recognise me if you saw me walking down the street where I live tomorrowfor I am not a poem. I am tired and worn out and the eyes you would see would not be painted or inspiredbut empty and weary from drinking too much at all timesand I am not the life of your party who sings and has glorious words to speakfor I don’t speak muchat alland my voice is raspy and unsteady from unhealthy living and not much sleep and I only use it when I sing and I always sing too muchor not at alland never when people are around because they expect poems and symphonies and I am nota poembut an elegyat my bestbut unedited and uncut and not a lot of people want to work with me because there’s only so much you can do with an audio take, with the plug-ins and EQs and I was born distorted, disordered, and I’m pretty fine with that,but others are not.
Luís de Camões, Sonetos de Camões|Amor é um fogo que arde sem se ver, é ferida que dói, e não se sente; é um contentamento descontente, é dor que desatina sem doer.É um não querer mais que bem querer; é um andar solitário entre a gente; é nunca contentar se de contente; é um cuidar que ganha em se perder.É querer estar preso por vontade; é servir a quem vence, o vencedor; é ter com quem nos mata, lealdade.Mas como causar pode seu favor nos corações humanos amizade, se tão contrário a si é o mesmo Amor?
Charlotte Eriksson|I am a free soul, singing my heart out by myself no matter where I go and I call strangers my friends because I learn things and find ways to fit them into my own world. I hear what people say, rearrange it, take away and tear apart until it finds value in my reality and there I make it work. I find spaces in between the cracks and cuts where it feels empty and there I make it work.
Adrienne Rich|and I ask myself and you, which of our visions will claim uswhich will we claimhow will we go on livinghow will we touch, what will we knowwhat will we say to each other.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|it was the kind of moonthat I would want to send back to my ancestorsand gift to my descendantsso they know that I too,have been bruised...by beauty.
Pable Neruda|Well, now,if little by little you stop loving meI shall stop loving you little by little.If suddenlyyou forget medo not look for me,for I shall already have forgotten you.
Nicole Blackman, Blood Sugar|The ambitions are wake up, breathe, keep breathing.
Octavio Paz, A Draft of Shadows and Other Poems|Mineral cactai,quicksilver lizards in the adobe walls,the bird that punctures space,thirst, tedium, clouds of dust, impalpable epiphanies of wind.The pines taught me to talk to myself.In that garden I learnedto send myself off.Later there were no gardens. 
Mary Howitt, The Spider and the Fly|Will you walk into my parlour?" said the Spider to the Fly
T.S. Eliot|Poetry may make us from time to time a little more aware of the deeper, unnamed feelings which form the substratum of our being, to which we rarely penetrate; for our lives are mostly a constant evasion of ourselves.
Gertrude Stein, Tender Buttons|A FEATHER.A feather is trimmed, it is trimmed by the light and the bug and the post, it is trimmed by little leaning and by all sorts of mounted reserves and loud volumes. It is surely cohesive.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Into my heart an air that killsFrom yon far country blows:What are those blue remembered hills,What spires, what farms are those?That is the land of lost content,I see it shining plain,The happy highways where I wentAnd cannot come again.
Warsan Shire, Teaching My Mother How to Give Birth|You are her mother.Why did you not warn her,hold her like a rotting boatand tell her that men will not love herif she is covered in continents,if her teeth are small colonies,if her stomach is an islandif her thighs are borders?What man wants to lie downand watch the world burnin his bedroom?Your daughter ’s face is a small riot,her hands are a civil war,a refugee camp behind each ear,a body littered with ugly things.But God,doesn’t she wearthe world well?
Daphne Gottlieb, Why Things Burn|All the black leathershe needsis the E-Z boy reclinerwhere her love is parkedwith one of his hands wrapped around a remote,the other, a bottle of beer.She's right. It's kinky.The way he doesn't look awayfrom the TV,as her head bobsin his laplike a fisherman's floaton a nature program,hecticwith the pacehis breath sets.His crotch swellsunder her mouth'sprowess. He's sucha sweethearthe waitsuntil thecommercialsto come.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|I stepped from Plank to PlankSo slow and cautiouslyThe Stars about my Head I felt,About my Feet the Sea.I knew not but the nextWould be my final inch —This gave me that precarious GaitSome call Experience.
James Wright, The Branch Will Not Break|The JewelThere is this caveIn the air behind my bodyThat nobody is going to touch:A cloister, a silenceClosing around a blossom of fire.When I stand upright in the wind,My bones turn to dark emeralds.
Albert Cohen, Belle du Seigneur|Un soir qu'ils étaient couchés l'un près de l'autre, comme elle lui demandait d'inventer un poème qui commencerait par je connais un beau pays, il s'exécuta sur-le-champ. Je connais un beau pays Il est de l'or et d'églantine Tout le monde s'y sourit Ah quelle aventure fine Les tigres y sont poltrons Les agneaux ont fière mine À tous les vieux vagabonds Ariane donne des tartines. Alors, elle lui baisa le la main, et il eut honte de cette admiration.
Walter de la Mare| there anybody there?' said the Traveller,Knocking on the moonlit door;And his horse in the silence champed the grassesOf the forest's ferny floor.And a bird flew up out of the turret,Above the Traveller's head:And he smote upon the door again a second time;'Is there anybody there?' he said.But no one descended to the Traveller;No head from the leaf-fringed sillLeaned over and looked into his grey eyes,Where he stood perplexed and still.But only a host of phantom listenersThat dwelt in the lone house thenStood listening in the quiet of the moonlightTo that voice from the world of men:Stood thronging the faint moonbeams on the dark stair,That goes down to the empty hall,Hearkening in an air stirred and shakenBy the lonely Traveller's call.And he felt in his heart their strangeness,Their stillness answering his cry,While his horse moved, cropping the dark turf,'Neath the starred and leafy sky;For he suddenly smote on the door, evenLouder, and lifted his head:--'Tell them I came, and no one answered,That I kept my word,' he said.Never the least stir made the listeners,Though every word he spakeFell echoing through the shadowiness of the still houseFrom the one man left awake:Ay, they heard his foot upon the stirrup,And the sound of iron on stone,And how the silence surged softly backward,When the plunging hoofs were gone.
Denise Levertov|In the dark I rest,unready for the light which dawnsday after day,eager to be shared.Black silk, shelter me.I needmore of the night before I openeyes and heartto illumination. I must stillgrow in the dark like a rootnot ready, not ready at all.
Octavio Paz, Sunstone/Piedra De Sol|because two bodies, naked and entwined,leap over time, they are invulnerable,nothing can touch them, they return to the source,there is no you, no I, no tomorrow,no yesterday, no names, the truth of twoin a single body, a single soul,oh total being...
Edgar Allan Poe, The Raven and Other Poems|I saw thee once - only once - years ago:I must not say how many - but not many.It was a July midnight; and from outA full-orbed moon, that, like thine own soul, soaring,Sought a precipitate pathway up through heaven,There fell a silvery-silken veil of light,With quietude, and sultriness, and slumber,Upon the upturn'd faces of a thousandRoses that grew in an enchanted garden,Where no wind dared stir, unless on tiptoe -Fell on the upturn'd faces of these rosesThat gave out, in return for the love-light,Their odorous souls in an ecstatic death -Fell on the upturn'd faces of these rosesThat smiled and died in the parterre, enchantedBy thee, and by the poetry of thy presence.Clad all in white, upon a violet bankI saw thee half reclining; while the moonFell upon the upturn'd faces of the roses,And on thine own, upturn'd - alas, in sorrow!Was it not Fate, that, on this July midnight -Was it not Fate, (whose name is also Sorrow,)That bade me pause before that garden-gate,To breathe the incense of those slumbering roses?No footsteps stirred: the hated world all slept,Save only thee and me. (Oh, Heaven! - oh, G**!How my heart beats in coupling those two words!)Save only thee and me. I paused - I looked -And in an instant all things disappeared.(Ah, bear in mind the garden was enchanted!)The pearly lustre of the moon went out:The mossy banks and the meandering paths,The happy flowers and the repining trees,Were seen no more: the very roses' odorsDied in the arms of the adoring airs.All - all expired save thee - save less than thou:Save only divine light in thine eyes -Save but the soul in thine uplifted eyes.I saw but them - they were the world to me.I saw but them - saw only them for hours -Saw only them until the moon went down.What wild heart-histories seemed to lie enwrittenUpon those crystalline, celestial spheres!How dark a wo! yet how sublime a hope!How silently serene a sea of pride!How daring an ambition! yet how deep -How fathomless a capacity for love!But now, at length, dear Dian sank from sight,Into a western couch of thunder-cloud;And thou, a ghost, amid the entombing treesDidst glide away. Only thine eyes remained.They would not go - they never yet have gone.Lighting my lonely pathway home that night,They have not left me (as my hopes have) since.They follow me - they lead me through the years.They are my ministers - yet I their slave.Their office is to illumine and enkindle -My duty, to be saved by their bright fire,And purified in their electric fire,And sanctified in their elysian fire.They fill my soul with Beauty (which is Hope,)And are far up in Heaven - the stars I kneel toIn the sad, silent watches of my night;While even in the meridian glare of dayI see them still - two sweetly scintillantVenuses, unextinguished by the sun!
Walt Whitman|Sometimes with one I love, I fill myself with rage, for fear I effuse unreturn'd love; But now I think there is no unreturn'd love—the pay is certain, one way or another; (I loved a certain person ardently, and my love was not return'd; Yet out of that, I have written these songs.) 
Lucille Clifton|won't you celebrate with mewhat i have shaped intoa kind of life? i had no model.born in babylonboth nonwhite and womanwhat did i see to be except myself?i made it uphere on this bridge betweenstarshine and clay,my one hand holding tightmy other hand; come celebratewith me that everydaysomething has tried to kill meand has failed.
Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in this One|if youdon't want toend up insomeone else'spoem,then maybeyou shouldstarttreatingpeoplebetterfor achange.- an unapologetic poet.
Adrienne Rich, The Dream of a Common Language|the phantom of the man-who-would-understand,the lost brother, the twin ---for him did we leave our mothers,deny our sisters, over and over?did we invent him, conjure himover the charring log,nights, late, in the snowbound cabindid we dream or scry his facein the liquid embers,the man-who-would-dare-to-know-us?It was never the rapist:it was the brother, lost,the comrade/twin whose palmwould bear a lifeline like our own:decisive, arrowy,forked-lightning of insatiate desireIt was never the crude pestle, the blindramrod we were after:merely a fellow-creaturewith natural resources equal to our own.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|she thought it was the misfortune of poetry, to be seldom safely enjoyed by those who enjoyed it completely; and that the strong feelings which alone could estimate it truly, were the very feelings which ought to taste it but sparingly.
Fernando Pessoa|We, all who live, haveA life that is livedAnd another life that is thought,And the only life we haveIt's the one that is dividedIn right or wrong.
Shel Silverstein|Birds are flyin' south for winter.Here's the Weird-Bird headin' north,Wings a-flappin', beak a-chatterin',Cold head bobbin' back 'n' forth.He says, "It's not that I like iceOr freezin' winds and snowy ground.It's just sometimes it's kind of niceTo be the only bird in town.
Adrienne Rich|Love, our subject:we've trained it like ivy to our walls.
Mahmoud Darwish, Absent Presence|Far away, our dreams have nothing to do with what we do. The wind carries the night, and passes on, aimless.
Richard Lovelace, The Lucasta Poems|I could not love thee, Dear, so much, Loved I not Honour more.
Dee Dee M. Scott, Joy Cometh In The Morning|Love me in actions, not in words.
Emily Dickinson, Selected Poems|This is the Hour of Lead – Remembered, if outlived, As Freezing persons, recollect the Snow – First – Chill – then Stupor – then the letting go –
Maurice Sendak, Chicken Soup With Rice: A Book of Months|Each month is gay,Each season nice,When eatingChicken soupWith rice
Madeleine L'Engle, The Ordering of Love: The New and Collected Poems of Madeleine L'Engle|How long your closet held a whiff of you,Long after hangers hung austere and bare.I would walk in and suddenly the trueSharp sweet sweat scent controlled the airAnd life was in that small still living breath.Where are you? since so much of you is here,Your unique odour quite ignoring death.My hands reach out to touch, to hold what's dearAnd vital in my longing empty arms.But other clothes fill up the space, your space,And scent on scent send out strange false alarms.Not of your odour there is not a trace.But something unexpected still breaks throughThe goneness to the presentness of you.
Mahmoud Darwish, Unfortunately, It Was Paradise: Selected Poems|Be my lover between two wars waged in the mirror, she said.I don't want to return now to the fortress of my father's house.Take me to your vineyard.Let me meet your mother.Perfume me with basil water.Arrange me on silver dishes, comb me, imprison me in your name,let love kill me.
William Shakespeare|To me, fair friend, you never can be old,For as you were when first your eye I ey'd, Such seems your beauty still.
Jon Davis|Of the many forms that silence takes, the most memorable is the dry husk of the cicada.
Alexandra Lanc, Lyrics of the Heart|My heart is strong, I will not fail, I won't be wronged, I will prevail.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|To the sea, to the sea! The white gulls are crying,The wind is blowing, and the white foam is flying.West, west away, the round sun is falling, Grey ship, grey ship, do you hear them calling, The voices of my people that have gone before me? I will leave, I will leave the woods that bore me;For our days are ending and our years failing.I will pass the wide waters lonely sailing.Long are the waves on the Last Shore falling,Sweet are the voices in the Lost Isle calling,In Eressea, in Elvenhome that no man can discover,Where the leaves fall not: land of my people forever!
John Keats, Bright Star: Love Letters and Poems of John Keats to Fanny Brawne|I wish I was either in your arms full of faith, or that a Thunder bolt would strike me.
William Wordsworth, Lyrical Ballads|The eye--it cannot choose but see;We cannot bid the ear be still;Our bodies feel, where'er they be,Against or with our will.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|because some thingssometimesaren't ours to hold,but just beautiful to listen to.
Anne Carson, Decreation|Here we go mother on the shipless ocean.Pity us, pity the ocean, here we go.
Robert Bly|It is not our job to remain whole.We came to lose our leavesLike the trees, and be born again,Drawing up from the great roots.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rainer Maria Rilke - Sämtliche Werke  (Complete Works)|Someday you will name me, then gently place those burning holy roses in my hair.[Songs of Longing]
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|For we cannot tarry here,We must march my darlings, we must bear the brunt of danger,We, the youthful sinewy races, all the rest on us depend, Pioneers! O pioneers! 
Robert W. Service, Rhymes of a Rolling Stone|I have no doubt at all the Devil grins,As seas of ink I spatter. Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins --The other kind don't matter.
Charles Baudelaire|With heart at rest I climbed the citadel'sSteep height, and saw the city as from a tower,Hospital, brothel, prison, and such hells,Where evil comes up softly like a flower.Thou knowest, O Satan, patron of my pain,Not for vain tears I went up at that hour;But like an old sad faithful lecher, fainTo drink delight of that enormous trullWhose hellish beauty makes me young again.Whether thou sleep, with heavy vapors full,Sodden with day, or, new appareled, standIn gold-laced veils of evening beautiful,I love thee, infamous city! Harlots andHunted have pleasures of their own to give,The vulgar herd can never understand.
William Wordsworth|She was a Phantom of delightWhen first she gleam'd upon my sight;A lovely Apparition, sentTo be a moment's ornament:Her eyes as stars of twilight fair;Like twilight's, too, her dusky hair;But all things else about her drawnFrom May-time and the cheerful dawn;A dancing shape, an image gay,To haunt, to startle, and waylay.
Bashō Matsuo|When composing a verse let there not be a hair's breath separating your mind from what you write; composition of a poem must be done in an instant, like a woodcutter felling a huge tree or a swordsman leaping at a dangerous enemy.
Jalaluddin Rumi|And watch two men washing clothes,one makes dry clothes wet. The other makes wet clothes dry. they seem to be thwarting each other, but their work is a perfect harmony.Every holy person seems to have a different doctrine and practice, but there's really only one work.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Works of art are of an infinite solitude, and no means of approach is so useless as criticism. Only love can touch and hold them and be fair to them.
Benjamin Franklin|It's better to swim in the sea belowThan to swing in the air and feed the crow,Says jolly Ned Teach of Bristol.
Louise Glück, The Seven Ages|Desire, loneliness, wind in the flowering almond—surely these are the great, the inexhaustible subjectsto which my predecessors apprenticed themselves.I hear them echo in my own heart, disguised as convention.
Stanley Kunitz|Darling, do you rememberthe man you married? Touch me, remind me who I am.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|If our two loves be one, or, thou and I Love so alike, that none do slacken, none can die.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Birds of Passage|Ye are better than all the balladsThat ever were sung or said;For ye are living poems,And all the rest are dead.
William Shakespeare, Venus and Adonis|Fondling,' she saith, 'since I have hemm'd thee here  Within the circuit of this ivory pale,  I'll be a park, and thou shalt be my deer;  Feed where thou wilt, on mountain or in dale:  Graze on my lips, and if those hills be dry,  Stray lower, where the pleasant fountains lie.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|contemporary poetry is a kind of Reykjavik, a place where accessibility and intelligence have been fighting a Cold War by proxy for the last half-century. 
Billy Collins, Questions About Angels|I love to move like a mouse inside this puzzle for the body, balancing the wish to be lost with the need to be found.
Li-Young Lee, The City in Which I Love You|A door jumpsout from shadows,then jumps away. Thisis what I've come to find:the back door, unlatched.Tooled by insular wind, itslams and slamswithout meaningto and without meaning.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|The fountains mingle with the river,And the rivers with the ocean; The winds of heaven mix forever,With a sweet emotion; Nothing in the world is single;All things by a law divine In one another's being mingle:— Why not I with thine? See! the mountains kiss high heaven, And the waves clasp one another; No sister flower would be forgiven If it disdained its brother; And the sunlight clasps the earth, And the moonbeams kiss the sea:— What are all these kissings worth, If thou kiss not me?
Jalaluddin Rumi|There came one and knocked at the door of the Beloved.And a voice answered and said, 'Who is there?'The lover replied, 'It is I.''Go hence,' returned the voice;'there is no room within for thee and me.'Then came the lover a second time and knocked and again the voice demanded,'Who is there?'He answered, 'It is thou.''Enter,' said the voice, 'for I am within.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|At the age of four, you were an artist. And at seven, you were a poet.
Alfred Tennyson, The Complete Works of Alfred Tennyson|For I dipped into the future, far as human eye could see,Saw the Vision of the world, and all the wonder that would be.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|I held a jewel in my fingers	And went to sleep.	The day was warm, and winds were prosy;	I said: "'T will keep."I woke and chid my honest fingers,—The gem was gone;	And now an amethyst remembrance	Is all I own.
K.J. Parker|Secretly, deep down, everybody on Earth believes they can write poetry, apart from the members of the Poets' Guild, who know they can't.
Michelangelo Buonarroti|Dear to me is sleep: still more, being made of stone,While pain and guilt still linger here below,Blindness and numbness--these please me alone;Then do not wake me, keep your voices low.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|I believe in fiction and the power of stories because that way we speak in tongues. We are not silenced. All of us, when in deep trauma, find we hesitate, we stammer; there are long pauses in our speech. The thing is stuck. We get our language back through the language of others. We can turn to the poem. We can open the book. Somebody has been there for us and deep-dived the words.
W.H. Davies, The Collected Poems of William H. Davies|What is this life if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare?
Tim Burton|Stain BoyOf all the super heroes,the strangest one by far,doesn't have a special power,or drive a fancy car.next to Superman and batman, I guess he must seem tame.But to me he is quite special,and Stain Boy is his name.He can't fly around tall buildings,or outrun a speeding train,the only talent he seems to haveis to leave a nasty stain.Sometimes I know it bothers him,that he can't run or swim or fly,and because of this one ability,his dry cleaning bill is sky-high.
Saul Williams, , said the shotgun to the head.|When I can feel you breathing into me i, like a stone gargoyleatop some crumbling building,spring to lifea resuscitated angel.
William Sansom|What is the colour of Christmas?Red? The red of the toyshops on a dark winter’s afternoon,Of Father Christmas and the robin’s breast?Or green?Green of holly and spruce and mistletoe in the house, dark shadow of summer in leafless winter?One might plainly add a romance of white, fields of frost and snow;thus white, green, red- reducing the event to the level of a Chianti bottle. But many will say that the significant colour is gold, gold of fire and treasure, of light in the winter dark; and this gets closer, For the true colour of Christmas is Black.Black of winter, black of night, black of frost and of the east wind, black of dangerous shadows beyond the firelight.I am not sure who wrote this. I got it from page nine of “A Book of Christmas” by William Sansom. Google didn’t help. It is rather true I think, that the true color of Christmas is black. For like the author said in succeeding sentences “The table yellow with electric light, the fire by which stories are told, the bright spangle of the tree- they all blazé out of shadow and out of a darkness of winter
Thomas Aquinas|A song is the exultation of the mind dwelling on eternal things, bursting forth in the voice.
Louise Glück, The Seven Ages|Balm of the summer night, balm of the ordinary,imperial joy and sorrow of human existence,the dreamed as well as the lived—what could be dearer than this, given the closeness of death?
Matthew Quick, Sorta Like a Rock Star|Air goes in and outof my nose, throat, lungs, blood, heartbrain - and so I am
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|The press of my foot to the earth springs a hundred affections,They scorn the best I can do to relate them.
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|Equally, the surrealists consider words as witnesses of life acting in a direct way in human affairs. To use words properly it was necessary to treat them with respect, for they were the intermediaries between oneself and the rest of creation. To abuse them was immediately to set oneself adrift from true being. Words need to be coaxed to reveal a little of their true nature, so as to close the breach that exists between the writer and the universe. The world is not something alien against which man is in conflict. Rather man and cosmos exist in reciprocal motion. We are not cast adrift in an alien or meaningless environment. The universe is intimate with us and, as Breton insisted, it is a cryptogram to be deciphered.
John Gillespie Magee Jr.|High FlightOh! I have slipped the surly bonds of EarthAnd danced the skies on laughter-silvered wings;Sunward I’ve climbed, and joined the tumbling mirthof sun-split clouds, — and done a hundred thingsYou have not dreamed of — wheeled and soared and swungHigh in the sunlit silence. Hov’ring there,I’ve chased the shouting wind along, and flungMy eager craft through footless halls of air....Up, up the long, delirious, burning blueI’ve topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace.Where never lark, or even eagle flew —And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trodThe high untrespassed sanctity of space,- Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
Rachel Carson|The winds, the sea, and the moving tides are what they are. If there is wonder and beauty and majesty in them, science will discover these qualities... If there is poetry in my book about the sea, it is not because I deliberately put it there, but because no one could write truthfully about the sea and leave out the poetry.
Omar Khayyám|Here with a Loaf of Bread beneath the Bough,A Flask of Wine, a Book of Verse - and ThouBeside me singing in the Wilderness -And Wilderness is Paradise enow.
Robert M. Drake|Look deeper through the telescopeand do not be afraid when the starscollide towards the darkness,because sometimes the most beautifulthings begin in chaos.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism|True Wit is Nature to advantage dress'dWhat oft was thought, but ne'er so well express'd;Something whose truth convinced at sight we find,That gives us back the image of our mind.As shades more sweetly recommend the light,So modest plainness sets off sprightly wit.
Philip Larkin, The Whitsun Weddings|Loneliness clarifies. Here silence standsLike heat. Here leaves unnoticed thicken, Hidden weeds flower, neglected waters quicken, Luminously-peopled air ascends; And past the poppies bluish neutral distance Ends the land suddenly beyond a beach Of shapes and shingle. Here is unfenced existence: Facing the sun, untalkative, out of reach.
W.H. Auden, The Sea and the Mirror|All the rest is silenceOn the other side of the wall;And the silence ripeness,And the ripeness all.
William Wordsworth|One impulse from a vernal wood May teach you more of man, Of moral evil and of good, Than all the sages can.
Robert Paul Weston, Zorgamazoo|Here is a story that’s stranger than strange. Before we begin you may want to arrange:a blanket, a cushion, a comfortable seat,and maybe some cocoa and something to eat.I’ll warn you, of course, before we commence, my story is eerie and full of suspense, brimming with danger and narrow escapes, and creatures of many remarkable shapes.Dragons and ogres and gorgons and more, and creatures you’ve not even heard of before. And faraway places? There’s plenty of those! (And menacing villains to tingle your toes.)So ready your mettle and steady your heart. It’s time for my story’s mysterious start...
W.H. Auden, Collected Shorter Poems, 1927-1957|Clear, unscalable, aheadRise the Mountains of Instead,From whose cold, cascading streamsNone may drink except in dreams.
Margaret Lovett, The Great and Terrible Quest|Silver hidden in the gold,Young man hidden in the old,Laughing lord with weeping eyes,Bring king and ring before sunrise! -Hilarion, The Great and Terrible Quest
Robert W. Service, The Spell of the Yukon and Other Verses|There’s gold, and it’s haunting and haunting; It’s luring me on as of old; Yet it isn’t the gold that I’m wanting So much as just finding the gold. It’s the great, big, broad land ’way up yonder, It’s the forests where silence has lease; It’s the beauty that thrills me with wonder, It’s the stillness that fills me with peace.
John Clare, "I Am": The Selected Poetry of John Clare|I am—yet what I am none cares or knows; My friends forsake me like a memory lost: I am the self-consumer of my woes— They rise and vanish in oblivious host, Like shadows in love’s frenzied stifled throes And yet I am, and live—like vapours tossed Into the nothingness of scorn and noise, Into the living sea of waking dreams, Where there is neither sense of life or joys, But the vast shipwreck of my life’s esteems; Even the dearest that I loved the best Are strange—nay, rather, stranger than the rest.
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|The moon is no door. It is a face in its own right,White as a knuckle and terribly upset.It drags the sea after it like a dark crime; it is quietWith the O-gape of complete despair. I live here.
Aeschylus, Agamemnon|In visions of the night, like dropping rain, Descend the many memories of pain
Bob Dylan, Tarantula|look, you know i don't wanna come on ungrateful, but that warren report, you know as well as me, just didn't make it. You know, like they might as well have asked some banana salesman from des moines, who was up in toronto on the big day, if he saw anyone around looking suspicious/...
Dante Gabriel Rossetti, The Complete Poetical Works of Dante Gabriel Rossetti|I have been here before, But when or how I cannot tell: I know the grass beyond the door, The sweet keen smell, The sighing sound, the lights around the shore.
Charles Bukowski|I do think that poetry is important though, if you don’t strive at it, if you don’t fill it full of stars and falseness.
John Dryden, All for Love|Welcome, thou kind deceiver!Thou best of thieves: who, with an easy key,Dost open life, and, unperceived by us,Even steal us from ourselves.
Harry Whitewolf, Underdogs Unite|Fascists always attack minorities,Which is an irony,'Cos fascists are a minority.
Seamus Heaney|I can't think of a case where poems changed the world, but what they do is they change people's understanding of what's going on in the world.
Matt Harvey|here’s a toast to Alan Turingborn in harsher, darker timeswho thought outside the containerand loved outside the linesand so the code-breaker was brokenand we’re sorryyes now the s-word has been spokenthe official conscience woken– very carefully scripted but at least it’s not encrypted –and the story does suggesta part 2 to the Turing Test:1. can machines behave like humans?2. can we?
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|In a world gushing blood day and night, you never stop mopping up pain.
T.J. Klune, Bear, Otter, and the Kid|Otter! Otter! Otter!Don’t lead cows to slaughter!I love you, and I knowI should’ve told you soon-aBut you didn’t buy the dolphin-safe tuna!
Wisława Szymborska|A Note Life is the only way to get covered in leaves, catch your breath on the sand, rise on wings; to be a dog, or stroke its warm fur; to tell pain from everything it's not; to squeeze inside events, dawdle in views, to seek the least of all possible mistakes. An extraordinary chance to remember for a moment a conversation held with the lamp switched off; and if only once to stumble upon a stone, end up soaked in one downpour or another, mislay your keys in the grass; and to follow a spark on the wind with your eyes; and to keep on not knowing something important.
Mario Benedetti|Hay menos tiempo que lugar, no obstante, hay lugares que duran un minuto y para cierto tiempo no ha lugar.
T.S. Eliot|Till Human voices wake us, and we drown.
Ezra Pound|The Garden En robe de parade. - SamainLike a skein of loose silk blown against a wallShe walks by the railing of a path in Kensington Gardens,And she is dying piece-mealof a sort of emotional anaemia.And round about there is a rabbleOf the filthy, sturdy, unkillable infants of the very poor.They shall inherit the earth.In her is the end of breeding.Her boredom is exquisite and excessive.She would like some one to speak to her,And is almost afraid that I will commit that indiscretion.
Gerard Manley Hopkins|Let Him easter in us, be a dayspring to the dimness of us, be a crimson-cresseted east.
Pablo Neruda, Odes to Common Things|A book,a book fullof human touches,of shirts,a bookwithout loneliness, with menand tools,a bookis victory.
Francesca Lia Block, Baby Be-Bop|I wrote poetry from the time I could write. That was the only way I could begin to express who I was but the poems didn't make sense to my teachers. They didn't rhyme. They were about the wind sounds, the planets' motions, never about who I was or how I felt. I didn't think I felt anything. I was this mind more than a body or a heart. My mind photographing the stars, hearing the wind.
Adeline Yen Mah, Chinese Cinderella and the Secret Dragon Society|People with yuan fen are destined to like one another;Friendship develops even if a thousand miles apart.But should yuan fen be absent between two individuals,They will remain strangers despite sitting face-to-face
Jack Spicer|Most of my friends like words too well. They set them under the blinding light of the poem and try to extract every possible connotation from each of them, every temporary pun, every direct or indirect connection - as if a word could become an object by mere addition of consequences. Others pick up words from the streets, from their bars, from their offices and display them proudly in their poems as if they were shouting, "See what I have collected from the American language. Look at my butterflies, my stamps, my old shoes!" What does one do with all this crap?
Pablo Neruda, Veinte Poemas de Amor y una Canción Desesperada|Soy el desesperado, la palabra sin ecos, el que lo perdiò todo, y el que todo lo tuvo.
Ted Kooser, Braided Creek|When she left me I stood out in the thunderstorm, hoping to be destroyed by lightning. It missed, first left, then right.
Paul Laurence Dunbar|This, this indeed is to be accursed, For if we mortals love, or if we sing, We count our joys not by what we have, But by what kept us from that perfect thing.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Selected Poetry of Rainer Maria Rilke|Interior of the hand. Sole that has come to walkonly on feelings. That faces upwardand in its mirrorreceives heavenly roads, which travelalong themselves.That has learned to walk upon waterwhen it scoops,that walks upon wells,transfiguring every path.That steps into other hands,changes those that are like itinto a landscape:wanders and arrives within them,fills them with arrival.
Mary Oliver, House of Light|Still, what I want in my lifeis to be willingto be dazzled—to cast aside the weight of factsand maybe evento float a littleabove this difficult world.I want to believe I am lookinginto the white fire of a great mystery.I want to believe that the imperfections are nothing—that the light is everything—that it is more than the sumof each flawed blossom rising and falling. And I do.
Hilaire Belloc|From quiet homes and first beginning,Out to the undiscovered ends,There's nothing worth the wear of winning,But laughter and the love of friends.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Love is the only bow on Life’s dark cloud. It is the morning and the evening star. It shines upon the babe, and sheds its radiance on the quiet tomb. It is the mother of art, inspirer of poet, patriot and philosopher.It is the air and light of every heart – builder of every home, kindler of every fire on every hearth. It was the first to dream of immortality. It fills the world with melody – for music is the voice of love.Love is the magician, the enchanter, that changes worthless things to Joy, and makes royal kings and queens of common clay. It is the perfume of that wondrous flower, the heart, and without that sacred passion, that divine swoon, we are less than beasts; but with it, earth is heaven, and we are gods.
Denise Levertov, Poems, 1972-1982|There's in my mind a...turbulent moon-ridden girlor old woman, or both,dressed in opals and rags, feathersand torn taffeta,who knows strange songsbut she is not kind.
Bo Burnham, Egghead: Or, You Can't Survive on Ideas Alone|Sully suffers from a stutter,simple syllables will clutter,stalling speeches up on beacheslike a sunken sailboat rudder.Sully strains to say his phrases,sickened by the sounds he raises,strings of thoughts come out in knots,he solves his sentences like mazes.At night, he writes his thoughts insteadand sighs as they steadily rush from his head.
Andrew Marvell, The Complete Poems|Now therefore, while the youthful hue Sits on thy skin like morning dew, And while thy willing soul transpires At every pore with instant fires, Now let us sport us while we may, And now, like amorous birds of prey, Rather at once our time devour Than languish in his slow-chapped power.Let us roll all our strength and all Our sweetness up into one ball, And tear our pleasures with rough strife Thorough the iron gates of life: Thus, though we cannot make our sun Stand still, yet we will make him run.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|When Hitler marched across the RhineTo take the land of France,La dame de fer decided,‘Let’s make the tyrant dance.’Let him take the land and city,The hills and every flower,One thing he will never have,The elegant Eiffel Tower.The French cut the cables,The elevators stood still,‘If he wants to reach the top,Let him walk it, if he will.’The invaders hung a swastikaThe largest ever seen.But a fresh breeze blewAnd away it flew,Never more to be seen.They hung up a second mark,Smaller than the first,But a patriot climbedWith a thought in mind:‘Never your duty shirk.’Up the iron ladyHe stealthily made his way,Hanging the bright tricolour,He heroically saved the day.Then, for some strange reason,A mystery to this day,Hitler never climbed the tower,On the ground he had to stay.At last he ordered she be razedDown to a twisted pile.A futile attack, for still she standsBeaming her metallic smile.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Complete Poetry|Twas noontide of summer,And mid-time of night;And stars, in their orbits,Shone pale, thro' the lightOf the brighter, cold moon,'Mid planets her slaves,Herself in the Heavens,Her beam on the waves.I gazed awhileOn her cold smile;Too cold–too cold for me-There pass'd, as a shroud,A fleecy cloud,And I turned away to thee,Proud Evening Star,In thy glory afar,And dearer thy beam shall be;For joy to my heartIs the proud partThou bearest in Heaven at night,And more I admireThy distant fire,Than that colder, lowly light.
Thomas Hardy|If Galileo had said in verse that the world moved, the inquisition might have let him alone.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Voices of the Night|Lives of great men all remind usWe can make our lives sublime,And, departing, leave behind usFootprints on the sands of time;Footprints, that perhaps another,Sailing o'er life's solemn main,A forlorn and shipwrecked brother,Seeing, shall take heart again.
Constantinos P. Cavafis, Collected Poems|Άλλα ζητεί η ψυχή σου, γι’ άλλα κλαίει·
Mia Hollow|When I say that I love animals, I mean to say that I am IN love with them. Because they don't know evil and have never been tempted by it. Because they are the purest image of any higher being I have ever known. Because their souls are made of a much larger magic than my own, and if you let them, they will show it to you. Because this world is theirs, they were here first. And we should all love them a little more for graciously allowing us to have so much of it.
Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer|¡Los suspiros son aire y van al aire!¡Las lágrimas son agua y van al mar!Dime, mujer, cuando el amor se olvida¿sabes tú adónde va?
Paul Celan|Only one thing remained reachable, close and secure amid all losses: language. Yes, language. In spite of everything, it remained secure against loss.
John Keats|Poetry should be great and unobtrusive, a thing which enters into one's soul, and does not startle it or amaze it with itself, but with its subject.
Kris Kristofferson|Her close friends have gathered.Lord, ain't it a shameGrieving togetherSharing the blame.But when she was dyingLord, we let her down.There's no use cryin'It can't help her now.The party's all overDrink up and go home.It's too late to love herAnd leave her alone.Just say she was someoneLord, so far from homeWhose life was so lonesomeShe died all aloneWho dreamed pretty dreamsThat never came trueLord, why was she bornSo black and blue?Oh, why was she bornSo black and blue?Epitaph (Black And Blue) Written by: Kris KristoffersonNote: "Epitaph" is about Janis Joplin.
James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves|Little world, full of little peopleshouting for recognition, screaming for love, Rolling world, teeming with millions,carousel of the hungry,Is there food enough? Wheat and corn will not do.The fat are the hungriest of all, the skinny the most silent.
Paul Celan, Glottal Stop|Don't sign your namebetween worlds,surmountthe manifold of meanings,trust the tearstain,learn to live.
Cecily von Ziegesar, Don't You Forget About Me|Open the fridge and putMy heart on a plate.I'm just as you leftme, and I taste even betterleftover.
George Gordon Byron|When the green woods laugh with the voice of joy, And the dimpling stream runs laughing by; When the air does laugh with our merry wit, And the green hill laughs with the noise of it.
JonArno Lawson|I'm going to do something bigger and better,bigger and betterand bolder, but first,I'm going to do somethingsmaller and worse.
Mary Karr, Lit|I'd spent way more years worrying about how to look like a poet -- buying black clothes, smearing on scarlet lipstick, languidly draping myself over thrift-store furniture -- than I had learning how to assemble words in some discernible order.
Robert Frost|A poem is never a put-up job, so to speak. It begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness. It is never a thought to begin with.
Maya Angelou|I couldn't tell fact from fiction,Or if the dream was trueMy only sure predictionIn this world was you.I'd touch your features inchly. Beard love and dared the cost, The sented spiel reeled me unreal And I found my senses lost.
Theodore Roethke|What's madness but nobility of soulAt odds with circumstance? The day's on fire!I know the purity of pure despair,My shadow pinned against a sweating wall,That place among the rocks--is it a cave,Or winding path? The edge is what I have............... Dark,dark my light, and darker my desire.My soul, like some heat-maddened summer fly,Keeps buzzing at the sill.~From "The Waking" by Theodore Roethke
Richard Hugo, The Triggering Town: Lectures and Essays on Poetry and Writing|Don’t write with a pen. Ink tends to give the impression the words shouldn’t be changed.Write with what gives you the most sensual satisfaction.Write in a hard-covered notebook with green lined pages. Green is easy on the eyes. Blank white pages seems to challenge you to create the world before you start writing. It may be true that you, the modern poet, must make the world as you go, but why be reminded of it before you even have one word on the page?Don’t erase. Cross out rapidly and violently, never with slow consideration if you can help it.Start, as some smarty once said, in the middle of things.Play with syntax.Never want to say anything so strongly that you have to give up the option of finding something better – if you have to say it, you will.Read your poem aloud many times. If you don’t enjoy it every time, something may be wrong.If you ask a question, don’t answer it, or answer a question not asked, or defer. (If you can answer the question, to ask it is to waste time).Maximum sentence length: seventeen words.Minimum: One.Don’t be afraid to take emotional possession of words. If you don’t love a few words enough to own them, you will have to be very clever to write a good poem.
Μανόλης Αναγνωστάκης|Ξέρω: κηρύγματα καὶ ρητορεῖες πάλι, θὰ πεῖς.Ἔ ναὶ λοιπόν! Κηρύγματα καὶ ρητορεῖες.Σὰν πρόκες πρέπει νὰ καρφώνονται οἱ λέξειςΝὰ μὴν τὶς παίρνει ὁ ἄνεμος.
Friedrich Hölderlin|For our generation walks as in Hades, without the divine.
