Elijah Noble El, The Age of Recovery|That night, when the creature sleeps, when he sleeps, the mother escapes into her daughters’ room. She tells her daughter that the creature’s afraid of her having too much love, too much heart. She takes a tube of lipstick and drags it across her finger like a knife, marking it across her daughter’s cheeks, red, blood, war paint.
Amy Rankin|I was unrecognizable even to family. When Kim saw me she yelled," That's not Amy!" Just before she passed out.
Julia Glass, Three Junes|To love me, my family does not need to understand me.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|At the end of the day, I just want to sit with someone I love and chat about what matters and even what doesn’t.
George Bernard Shaw|My schooling not only failed to teach me what it professed to be teaching, but prevented me from being educated to an extent which infuriates me when I think of all I might have learned at home by myself.
Haruki Murakami|(When asked “Was the model for Midori (a character in Norwegian Wood) modeled after your wife?”)I showed your message to my wife. She got mad and yelled: “What would make them think I was the model for Midori?!” She told me to fix the misunderstanding immediately, so that’s why I’m writing this reply now. Please stop causing problems in my household. Thank you.
J.K. Rowling|The Death Eaters were waiting for us,” Harry told her. “We were surrounded the moment we took off — they knew it was tonight — I don’t know what happened to anyone else, four of them chased us, it was all we could do to get away, and then Voldemort caught up with us —”He could hear the self-justifying note in his voice, the plea for her to understand why he did not know what had happened to her sons, but —“Thank goodness you’re all right,” she said, pulling him into a hug he did not feel he deserved.“Haven’t go’ any brandy, have yeh, Molly?” asked Hagrid a little shakily. “Fer medicinal purposes?”She could have summoned it by magic, but as she hurried back toward the crooked house, Harry knew that she wanted to hide her face.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The priceless gifts (life, love, joy, goodness, family, nature) are freely given by the Creator.
Jeanne Birdsall, The Penderwicks in Spring|When Batty got back home from walking the dogs, there were teenagers lounging all over the place, some left over from the basketball game, some arriving for the birthday dinner, some who fit into both categories. For once, she hardly cared, too delighted to see that Oliver's sleek car was no longer in the driveway. Hoping that he was gone forever, she rushed into the house and ended up in the kitchen, where dinner preparations were in full swing. Mr. Penderwick was chopping up vegetables for quesadillas, Rosalind was pulling a cake out of the oven, Jeffrey was shredding cheese, and Iantha was cooking up small, plain cheese quesadillas for Lydia, who was to be fed before the big dinner got rolling. Then there were the non-workers: Lydia in her high chair, wearing both her crown and her lamb bib, her new pink rabbit beside her; Jane sitting cross-legged on the floor, in everyone's way; Ben, strutting around, showing off his new Celtics T-shirt; and Asimov, sticking close to Jeffrey, hoping for falling cheese.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|In the old days, trouble was kept in the family, which is still the best place for it, not that there's ever a best place for trouble. Why stir everything up again after that many years, with all concerned tucked, like tired children, so neatly into their graves?
Maria V. Snyder, Magic Study|They were my family, yet they were strangers.
Azin Sametipour, Tehran Moonlight|Mahtab looked out of the window at the moon clearing the rooftops, bathing everything around in its silver light. She sighed, envying Nasim's freedom. For just like Mahtab's namesake, as the moonlight was beholden to the sun, she was beholden to her family.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Whether we like it or not, we need each other.
Anthony Liccione|Money spent, will never out value spent time.
Kathi Lipp, But I'm NOT a Wicked Stepmother!: Secrets of Successful Blended Families|Don't worry that you're being pathetic when you try not to get caught stealing a kiss from your spouse, or when you pray for a time when the kids are out of the house so you can make out on the couch, or when you consider a trip with your husband to the lawn-care section of Home Depot a hot date.No. You're not pathetic. You're in a blended family....
Diana Mankin Phelps, A Mother's Side of War|For every wounded warrior, there is a myltitude of family, friends, and communities who are forever changed.
Sylvia Waugh|The inspector had interviewed boys before, boys from the poorest parts of town. He had the habit of not specifying "mam" or "dad" or even "parents." They were things he knew not every child possessed and so he was careful.
Diane Samuels, Kindertransport: A Drama|What I want is irrelevant. This is your life, Faith.
Diane Samuels, Kindertransport: A Drama|A town teeming with life. Full to overflowing. And every day, the good people counted their blessings. Every single one…
Patrick Ness|Yeah, my parents are crappy, but you hurt either of my sisters and I will spend my life finding ways to destroy you.
Leslie Parry, Church of Marvels|It had to be the hardest thing, even if he’d never known it himself – to accept that the ones you loved would find their own way home.
Courtney Alameda, Shutter|Bloodlines and last names didn't make a man extraordinary — the extraordinary existed in what we did in life, not in who we were.
Deshwal Sachin|Trust means there is no question.If there is no question then no need for any answer,which means complete balance.Always keep in your mind trust is the base for any kind of relationship.
Leslie Parry, Church of Marvels|She had seen it done. Wherever they glittered in the afterlife – flying among the high rafters of heaven, swimming with her mother in an undersea cave – she hoped the tigers had known it, and roared.
Emma Hooper, Etta and Otto and Russell and James|I have made you some things, for when you get back. I understand now, all the baking you sent me, stale and crumbled in brown paper and rough twine. Now you’re away and I am here. So I will make and make until you get back to remind you, and myself: there are reasons to come home.
Nobuyuki Fukumoto, Saikyō Densetsu Kurosawa 10|We men have always fought to protect others... since the ancient times. Even though we were naked, and only had sticks and stones to defend ourselves... we still had the elderly, the young, our wives, friends, family, and homes... and to protect all of that we braved any danger, no matter what... and fought! And even among those cavemen there were useless failures! Just like how we are today! But in the end, even they gathered their courage, and fought! And, not surprisingly, being incompetent... they were killed! Even thought it was the death of an idiot... it was also... the death of a selfless hero!
Jane Yolen, Sister Light, Sister Dark|Do not expect too much from your child and she will grow in your love... But if you push her too much, you will push her away. A child is not yours to own but to raise. She may not be what you will have her to be, but she will be what she has to be. Remember what they say, that 'Wood may remain twenty years in the water, but it is still not a fish.
Voltaire|The Dutch fetishes who converted me tell me every Sunday that the blacks and whites are all children of one father, whom they call Adam. As for me, I do not understand anything of genealogies; but if what these preachers say is true, we are all second cousins; and you must allow that it is impossible to be worse treated by our relations than we are.
Stefan Molyneux|We can't leave the past in the past because, the past is who we are. It's like saying I wish I could forget English. So, there is no leaving the past in the past. It doesn't mean the past has to define and dominate everything in the future. The fact that I had a temper in my teens doesn't mean I have to be an angry person for the rest of my life. It just means that I had allot to be angry about but, didn't have the language and the understanding to know what it was and how big it was. I thought my anger was disproportionate to the environment which is what is called having a bad temper but, it just means that I underestimated the environment and my anger was telling me how wide and deep child abuse is in society but, I didn't understand that consciously so I thought my anger was disproportionate to the environment but, it wasn't. There is almost no amount of anger that's proportionate to the degree of child abuse in the world. The fantasy that you can not be somebody that lived through what you lived through is damaging to yourself and to your capacity to relate to others. People who care about you, people who are going to grow to love you need to know who you are and that you were shaped by what you've experienced for better and for worse. There is a great deal of challenge in talking about these issues. Lots of people in this world have been hurt as children. Most people have been hurt in this world as children and when you talk honestly and openly it's very difficult for people. This is why it continues and continues.If you can get to the truth of what happened if you can understand why people made the decisions they've made even if you dont agree with the reason for those decisions knowing the reasons for those decisions is enormously important in my opinion. The more we know the truth of history the more confidently we can face the future without self blame.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|The most important parts of building a family are "God's Love" and "Meaningful Friendships.
honeya|Nanak dukhiya sab sansaar!This whole world is ridden with Sorrow.Stop comparing as we all have a fucked up life, family and job! No matter what others show and potray! ;)"Jhaak ke dekhoge (I mean kareeb se) toh pata chalega ki saamne waale ke toh zyaada phate hai" hahahahahaha
Leslie Parry|She had a weird, fleeting thought that she wanted to eat her sister, like a sorceress in a storybook – gobble her down into her belly, keep her safe.
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|I hated this love that I had for my family—love that demanded my time and energy, that sought to control my life down to every thought and action.I now realize that it was not love but an unhealthy attachment, born out of a need for security and a sense of duty.
Gudjon Bergmann, More Likely to Quote Star Wars than the Bible: Generation X and Our Frustrating Search for Rational Spirituality|In our youth, we may have ridiculed the cost-of-living-index family, with their house, two cars, and two kids, but today we are pro-family. We have seen the damage done by the previous generation and have doubled our efforts when it comes to caring for our families. Our children come first.
Elisabeth Elo, North of Boston|All across the world, people are loyal to their tribe. --- (Pirio)
|When you are a dreamer, so many people are not going to believe in the success of your dream. These people could include your close friends, relatives, parents, siblings, and other people around you. But don't be discouraged by them, because you only need the grace of God, believing in yourself, and consistent strategic actions to succeed in life.
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|The partnership between nurses and families is based on mutual trust, and defining the boundaries and rules clearly will help everyone involved, especially your child.
Shannon L. Alder|When you choose to forgive the same people over and over again you do so because you don't want to believe your time loving them was wasted. Bad relationships over time can become investments, that are hard to let go of. The key to freedom is to realize that love is never wasted. The only thing wasted in life is the time you spend focusing on an unhappy situation that will never change to fit your needs, and not realizing the true investment of time and love are the lessons God wanted you to learn.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|For his children, he would move mountains.
Cassandra Clare, The Lost Herondale|For the first time, he looked at her, and she wasn’t a stranger, she was Clary—his friend. His family. The girl he’d sworn always to protect. The girl he loved as fiercely as he loved himself.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|People say that a time machine can’t be invented, but they’ve already invented a device that can stop time, cameras are the world’s first time machines.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes, the people that love you the most turn out to be the people you will trust the least.
Shannon L. Alder|When you blame others, what you are really saying is what is inside of you can’t be fixed, so you have no control of your own happiness. Therefore, you have made the conscience choice to give focus and fuel to a bad situation that will take you nowhere and give you nothing, but ignorance and pain.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Over and over we lose this sense of feeling we are wholly in our skins by means already named as well as through extended duress. Those who toil too long without respite are also at risk. The soulskin vanishes when we are not paying attention to what we are really doing and particularly the cost to us.""We lose the soulskin by becoming too involved with ego, by being too exacting, perfectionistic, or unnecessarily martyred, or driven by a blind ambition, or by being dissatisfied - about self, family, community, culture, world - and not saying or doing anything about it, or by pretending we are an ending source for others, or by not doing all we can to help ourselves. Oh, there are as many ways to lose the soul skin as there are women in the world.""The only way to hold on to this sensual soulskin is to retain an exquisitely pristine consciousness about its value and uses.
Shannon L. Alder|When you invite people to share in your miracle, you create future allies during rough weather.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|They think I’m not entirely ‘grounded in reality’, they say. They want me to go to some live-in nerdy activity ranch thing for troubled Canadian youth, that one out in Ontario where you come back programmed like some robot, dressed in a tye-dyed shirt and eating tuna sandwiches,” Mandy explained, a horrified look on her face. “You’re eighteen, not twelve! Would they really send you to some rat’s nest like that?” Wendy questioned in mock horror. “Aw hell no, if you get sent there, they’ll make you hold hands and sing songs about caring! And they’ll force you to recycle everything in blue canisters, and to discuss your emotions in front of groups of bratty little dopes!”“Dear god, they’ll have geeky youth wiener roasts at night, and no locks on the doors!” Mandy added, eyes wide. “…It’ll be the day pigs fly, my parents have the camp brochure on the fridge but they’ll never go through with sending me there. They always forget.
Federico Chini, The Sea Of Forgotten Memories|People are like chains, the closer they are, the stronger they become.
Karl Ove Knausgård|I had always liked staying the night with other families, having your own room with a freshly made bed, full of unfamiliar objects, with a towel and a washcloth nicely laid out, and from there straight into the heart of family life, despite there always being, no matter whom I visited, an uncomfortable side, because even though people always try to keep existing tensions in the background whenever guests are present, the tensions are still noticeable, and you can never know if it is your presence that has caused them or whether they are just there and indeed your presence is helping to suppress them. A third possibility is, of course, that all these tensions were just tensions that lived their own lives in my head.
Walter Mosley, When the Thrill Is Gone|Blood may be thicker than water, but family has them both beat.
honeya|Let's accept it that we remember people only when we have some work and only our Mother‬ remembers us and calls us for no reason, just to know how we are doing!
Nancy Ring, Walking on Walnuts|You should never forget where you come from, never forget the struggle, never forget the lives that were lost.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|There are like twenty people in that waiting room right now. Some of them are related to you. Some of them are not. But we're all your family. She stops now. Leans over me so that wisps of her hair tickle my face. She kisses me on the forehead.You still have a family, she whispers.
Edith Pearlman, Binocular Vision: New and Selected Stories|They were relieved that I was chosen by a human being," she'd said to Angelica in her dry voice. "They were braced for an interspecies liaison.
Luke Sky Wachter, Admiral's Gambit|Family, can’t live with them, can’t orbitally bombard them back to the foul, oozing proto-plasma they crawled out of, I thought grimly.
Joe Hill|Eighteen and stupid happens to everyone, I guess. If you survive it, it's probably half luck, and half having the right people in your life to watch out for you.
Rachel Cusk, Aftermath: On Marriage and Separation|The world is constantly evolving, while the family endeavours to stay the same. Updated, refurbished, modernised, but essentially the same. A house in the landscape, both shelter and prison.
Sawyer Belle, Silver Nights With You|....because of all the things in this world that can hurt you and knock you down, I will never be one of them.
E.B. White, Charlotte's Web|Wilbur never forgot Charlotte. Although he loved her children and grandchildren dearly, none of the new spiders ever quite took her place in his heart.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|She thought about her cousins in Oklahoma, which was odd, since she'd never spent much time with them. She didn't even know them very well. Now she was sorry about that.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Spirit|Why is it that people talk about death, as if it is a part of life, when it is entirely separate? Someone passes on into the never ending void, where the living aren't allowed. We can't see, hear, touch or feel those who have succumbed to the eternal sleep, but we comfort ourselves with thoughts of a grander plan. We tell ourselves that they are in a better place, but what could be greater than breathing the same air, as those loved ones? Their pain may be gone, but pleasure can only be when it is stark against the hurt that life brings?
Muse, Enigmatic Evolution|PartingOne is strong, a child now grownThe other weak, a parent aged-The strong once feebleThe weak once mighty-Time, the infinityhas marked them...
J.M. Lavallee, The Wishing Stone and Other Myths Learned on Gull Cliff Island|You know, Dorothy, you can’t let people bring you down so easily or you’ll have your nose in the dirt for the rest of your life. From what I make of it, for every person with a good thought, there are about fifty who’d try to spoil it. We have to guard our good ideas, our happy thoughts, and fight for them. Because if we let those others snuff them out, well, we didn’t after all deserve them.
Frances Mayes, Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir|Memory is capricious. I can look back and see decadence, old bigots, the constant racial slurs, the bores, the wild cards, the bighearted, the family album of alcoholics, the saints, the old aunt propped in a chair saying only "da-da," the slow-motion suicides, but at four, six, ten, they loomed, powerful, not as types but as themselves. Among them, logic takes wing." (pg. 31)
Ujay Neme|Your imaginations are not beyond creation, only God's imaginations exceeds all creation.
Maggie Georgiana Young|I would take them a few times, feel my emotions and sense of reality fuzz, and look at my mother who had been doped up on them since we moved to Chattanooga. I would see her blank, hazel eyes, and her bright, but empty, smile with chronic, artificial, exaggerated cheer, and become scared. I often wondered if she was buried under layers upon layers of southern sugar. I would make bitchy, inappropriate statements and look for her. I would say something, anything to shake her and look into her eyes for something real. I saw it when she was upset or afraid. I saw it when she’d spot me exiting my bathroom, hair tied back, knowing what I’d done. I saw it when she found out I was raped. I saw it when I told her about the drugs I used. I saw flickers of a real person, but she quickly disappeared within herself once she gathered composure. I decided not to be like her. Even if it meant embracing my demons, I wanted to be real. After a couple doses, I would toss the meds in the garbage.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|You and your siblings are the most precious part of my life. And of all my children, you have the most potential to go anywhere you wish in this world – your test scores and grades have always been among the highest of your peers. But it’s clear now that you cannot reach your full potential in Syria.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|It’s not a bad thing, if you’re responsible about it. Just don’t start having boyfriends. Wait until you’ve found your husband.” “And how am I supposed to find a husband if I can’t have a boyfriend until then?” I asked ironically.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|And you can do far more for us from America than you can from here, where you’re just another defenseless Christian. So if you really want to help, Inas, then you’ll go to the very best school you can get into and earn the best grades you can.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|It will all work out, Inas. You come from a long line of survivors and strong women. So everything will be fine in the end. And we are always with you in spirit, to guide you and love you.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|The family watched It's a Wonderful Life, which is a very beautiful movie and all I could think was why didn't they make a movie about uncle Billy?...Because he was a drunk and fat and lost all that money in the first place. I wanted an angel to come down and show us how uncle Billy's life had meaning
Jonathan Franzen, The Corrections|The Astors and the Vanderbilts, their pleasure domes and money: she was sick of it. Sick of envying, sick of herself. She didn't understand antiques or architecture, she couldn't draw like Sylvia, she didn't read like Ted, she had few interests and no expertise. A paucity for love was the only true thing she'd ever had.
Criss Jami, Healology|Love without humility results in the inclination to act as everyone's parent, humility without love results in the need to be everyone's child, and love with humility results in the desire to be a friend.
Carlfred Broderick|I suppose it must be admitted that I was raised in a "dysfunctional" family, but in truth, I do not think I had any sense of that as I was growing up. Probably part of the reason was that all of my extended kin had families at least as dysfunctional as mine. Just to give a little of the flavor of it, my "Aunt Fern," who lived just across the street and was one of the most present and puissant female relatives in my life, was, to be genealogically precise, my mother's brother's, first wife's, second husband's, father's, 3rd, 4th, and 5th wife. (She married "Uncle Lew" three times in the course of her seven matrimonial ventures.)
René Girard|The experience of death is going to get more and more painful, contrary to what many people believe. The forthcoming euthanasia will make it more rather than less painful because it will put the emphasis on personal decision in a way which was blissfully alien to the whole problem of dying in former times. It will make death even more subjectively intolerable, for people will feel responsible for their own deaths and morally obligated to rid their relatives of their unwanted presence. Euthanasia will further intensify all the problems its advocates think it will solve.
Anthony Liccione|I was the first face you saw when you were born, you were bald as my hair ran black. Now yours the last face I saw before I died, your hair ran black, as I was bald.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|Under her thick pancake makeup, her skin had been pockmarked, but he would stare at her adoringly from his cot at night and imagine her scars were constellations, a secret map to a far-off, happy place.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|It's stupid, what keeps families apart
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|At that moment Mr. Lisbon had the feeling that he didn't know who she was, that children were only strangers you agreed to live with, and he reached out in order to meet her for the first time.
Amit Kalantri|Almost all the times advices from your loved ones are for your safety, not for your success.
Lori Goodwin, Legion|That's the kind of shit you do for the people you love, even when you don't want them to know. You don't have to tell someone you love them. You scream it with your actions. See, you may say you don't love him, but your actions speak louder then you ever could. So, put your bow down and just tell him. I'm sure it'll be better received without a weapon in your hand.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|Under her thick pancake makeup, her sin had been pockmarked, but he would stare at her adoringly from his cot at night and imagine her scars were constellations, a secret map to a far-off, happy place.
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|If the married life possess love and virtue, these will be both its duty and reward
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|She who has the excellence of home virtues, and can expend within the means of her husband, is a help in the domestic state
Ronie Kendig, Beowulf: Explosives Detection Dog|Dude--she's your wife." He pointed to the locker where the Bible lay concealed. "God first, family second, country third.
Tyler Cowen, In Praise of Commercial Culture|The Christian right, which trumpets the theme of family values, damns contemporary culture for undermining older traditions. Yet many individuals from this camp are not concerned first and foremost about family values per se. Family is a codeword for constraint; families and family values place constraints on individuals more effectively than any other institution, including government. The Christian right seeks a society in which all are constrained; they reject big government for failing at constraint, and for undermining those institutions, like the family, that have a chance at succeeding.
José Saramago, Baltasar and Blimunda|It will no longer be necessary to leave one's own home in order to find work in the surrounding districts, which means spending week after week away from home, for no matter how restless a fellow might be, his own home, if he has a wife he respects and children he loves, has the same satisfying taste as bread, a man's home is not for all hours, but he soon begins to miss it if he does not go back there every day.
Nana Awere Damoah, Excursions in my Mind|Loss taught me about the frailty and transient nature of man. It taught me humility. It taught me about the urgency of service, of touching lives, of mentoring, of legacy. Of making hay while there is still sunshine and life.
Angela Thirkell, Wild Strawberries|I do not dance,' said Jean-Claude, who had forsworn that exercise for much the same reasons as Miss Stevenson.But here he spoke too soon, for Lady Dorothy Bingham, merciless to what she called 'ballroom skulkers', saw him standing about, ordered John to introduce him to her, and became his patroness.Not till he had miserably danced twice with her and once with each of the twins did he have the brilliant idea of introducing her to his mother. The master minds met, and recognised each other, and for the greater part of the evening they discussed the care and subjugation of a family...
Michelle Anthony, Becoming a Spiritually Healthy Family: Avoiding the 6 Dysfunctional Parenting Styles|Maybe becoming a spiritually healthy family is not about becoming a perfect family but rather following a perfect God together. And in doing so, to find peace with Him, our pasts, and our family members.
Gemma Malley, The Resistance|Fame, infamy, they're of the same family.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Stop entertaining two faced people. You know the ones who have split personalities and untrustworthy habits. Nine times out of ten if they telling you stuff about another person, they're going to tell your business to other people. If they say, "You know I heard........." More than likely it's in their character to share false information. Beware of your box, circle, square! Whatever you want to call it.
Abby Norman|This is for the kids who know that the worst kind of fear isn't the thing that makes you scream, but the one that steals your voice and keeps you silent.
Terry Hayes, I Am Pilgrim|People say love is weak, but they're wrong: love is strong. In nearly everyone it trumps all other things - patriotism and ambition, religion and upbringing. And every kind of love - the epic and the small, the noble and the base - the one that a parent has for their child is the greatest of them all. That was the lesson I learned that day, and I'll be forever grateful I did. Some years later, deep in the ruins called Theatre of Death, it salvaged everything.
Abby Norman|I saw the bruises, the burns, the cuts— I knew which ones had been done to you by someone you thought you could trust. Someone you thought loved you. I knew which ones you gave yourself.
Claudia Gray, A Thousand Pieces of You|That's right", she says, wiping tears from her cheeks. "You weren't with me that time I walked in on them doing the deed. Seriously Freudian horror.""You saw your parents at the best," Mom murmurs, before Dad sweeps her into another kiss. "Go ahead," Josie calls. "Mate in public. Tonight we won't even mind. You deserve to break a few decency laws.
Simon R. Green, Tales from the Nightside|You sure you want to come with me?” I said. “The odds are not good.” “We’re family,” said Suzie. I had to smile. “I haven’t been all that lucky when it comes to family.” “We’re the family you chose,” said Dead Boy. “The family that matters.
Anthony Biglan, The Nurture Effect: How the Science of Human Behavior Can Improve Our Lives and Our World|While humans have the propensity to develop a suite of prosocial behaviors, they are also capable of developing antisocial behavior, engaging in substance abuse, experiencing depression, and bearing children at an early age...Young people who develop aggressive behavior tendencies are likely to develop problems with tobacco, alcohol, and other drug use; to fail academically; to have children at an early age;and to raise children likely to have the same problems.
Cristina Henriquez, The Book of Unknown Americans|I wanted her to have the full, long life that every parent promises his or her child by the simple act of bringing that child into the world.
Judy Blume|Do you think just having a baby automatically makes you love it?''I'm not sure... you might have to learn to love it, like any other person.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Once and Always Father|If there is such a thing as depression and despair, I experienced it during the months leading-up to and following the divorce. Insomnia, constant and uncontrollable thoughts and a deep sense of loss were among the conditions of my life. Was I depressed? Yes, I was very much so and, what’s worse, was determined to do nothing immediately for it.
Seanan McGuire, Midway Relics and Dying Breeds|But that’s what family is, isn't it? It’s traditions and trinkets that only matter when we hold them up against the mirrors of our lives, lending them meaning, lending them weight, until they become heavy enough to endure without us. We create the past in the things that we choose to remember about it. We turn everything into stories, and those stories matter because we say that they do. It’s all a wheel, and ours are the hands that turn it.
Harlan Coben, Tell No One|I blinked and the images were gone. But I remembered how the laugh and the howl and the splash would ripple and echo in the stillness of our lake, and I wondered if ripples and echoes like those ever fully die away, if somewhere in the woods my father's joyful yelps still bounced quietly off the trees. Silly thought, but there you go.
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|It's hard when you're missing your family," Pip said, and started the motor. " You wake up every morning like someone took one of your legs.
Moywaywa|When you make a commitment, you build trust. when you keep it, you build trust.
H. Kirk Rainer|The conception of marriage that he formed as a young person and envisioned as an adult has been marred by circumstances that he believes could have been overcome without divorce. Yet, he still believes in marriage— the commitments and promises…. Coinciding with his commitments (and promises) is a very powerful force that he perceives as not only able, but is actually working to dismantle fathers, families and even faith if that were possible.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Once and Always Father|I acknowledge that a wife does (and should) exercise a degree of control in the family and home; but what I present is not a constructive form aimed at supporting a healthy relationship, but a destructive form that—whether intended or not—destroys a relationship through the invocation of fear and flight rather than love and commitment. I also propose that this method or “device” (as I have called it) was learned in part from a very young age from her parents.
H. Kirk Rainer|How can you be a 'Former-Father'? Is it possible to be a father but, because someone or something is determined to illegalize it, being a father becomes a thing of the past? Should you simply consign yourself to be effectively dead to your living children; as though the fact of being their father has somehow been terminated, nullified or otherwise, deemed non-existent? I believe the basic answer to be 'No!
Emma Michaels, Owlet|If you remember yourself, you will remember me. I am always a part of you. I am your mother.
Willa Strayhorn, The Way We Bared Our Souls|Considering our states of mind just the week before, it was hard to believe that the five of us could all be so free and happy, so uninhibited, and all dancing at once, but I guess when we joined together and finally opened up, we made more than a star: We made music.
Helen Oyeyemi, Boy, Snow, Bird|All through dinner Arturo and I held hands under the table like a couple of kids, and that made the dinner quite wonderful, even though Mrs. Fletcher kept staring at Olivia as though committing her to memory. It got so bad that Olivia turned to her husband and said: "Has it happened at last, Gerald? Have I become a curiosity?
Steven C. Hayes, The Nurture Effect: How the Science of Human Behavior Can Improve Our Lives and Our World|We can have a large impact on the prevention and amelioration of abuse, drug problems, violence, mental health problems, and dysfunction in families.
Anthony Biglan, The Nurture Effect: How the Science of Human Behavior Can Improve Our Lives and Our World|Just as we have created a society in which it would be unthinkable to light up a cigarette in the Kennedy Center lobby, we can create a society where it is unthinkable that a child suffers abuse, fails in school, becomes delinquent, or faces teasing and bullying. We could have a society in which diverse people and organizations work together to ensure that families, schools, workplaces, and neighborhoods are nurturing and that our capitalistic system functions to benefit everyone.
Anthony Biglan, The Nurture Effect: How the Science of Human Behavior Can Improve Our Lives and Our World|Humans have evolved levels of cooperation that are unprecedented among primate species. You can see it even in babies. Say you are playing with a baby and begin to put the toys in a box. If you point to one of the toys, the baby is likely to put it in the box (Liebal et al. 2009)... Human babies are more likely than other primates to follow another’s pointing or gaze. Thus, even before adults have socialized them, babies show tendencies to be in sync with the social behavior of others, to infer others’ intentions to cooperate, and to prefer cooperation in others.
Tim Wise|Genealogy itself is something of a privilege, coming far more easily to those of us for whom enslavement, conquest, and dispossession of our land has not been our lot.
Jamaica Kincaid, Lucy|I never wanted to live in that place again, but if for some reason I was forced to live there again, I would never accept the harsh judgments made against me by people whose only power to do so was that they had known me from the moment I was born.
Reginald Garrigou-Lagrange, Providence: God's loving care for men and the need for confidence in Almighty God|The nearer a soul is to God, the more it deserves our esteem; the closer the ties that bit it to us, the more sensible is our love for it, and the more whole-hearted should be the devotion we show in all that concerns family, country, vocation, and friendship. Thus, instead of destroying patriotism, charity exalts it, as we see in the case of St. Joan of Arc or St. Louis.
Joe Hill, Locke & Key, Vol. 6: Alpha & Omega|In this world, family is the final, most elemental unit of power. A small group, helplessly bound together by blood with a shared set of skills and tools for consolidating power and subjugating others.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|Kaysen elaborates through parts of the book on her thoughts about how mental illness is treated. She explains that families who are willing to pay the rather high costs of hospitalization do so to prove their own sanity. Once one member of the family is hospitalized, it becomes easier for the rest of the family to distance themselves from the problem and to create a clear boundary between the sane and the insane. Recognizing a family member or friend as insane makes others around them, says Kaysen, compare themselves to that individual. Hospitalization allows for distance from this questioning of self that makes us so uncomfortable. Her view that mental illness often includes the entire family means the hospitalized family member becomes an excuse for other family members not to look at their own problems. This explains the willingness to pay the high financial costs of hospitalization.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|What what," Trapis said as he hurried over to tend to her, his bare feet slapping on the floor. "What what. Hush hush.
Dominic Toretto|You don't turn your back on family, even when they do.
Donald Pillai|Even though our past has a lot to do with who we are today, remember; all that we think, say and do today has everything to do with who we become ~ Donald Pillai
Lisa Firestone, Conquer Your Critical Inner Voice: A Revolutionary Program to Counter Negative Thoughts and Live Free from Imagined Limitations|We can best help our children not by sacrificing ourselves for them, but by trying to fulfill our own lives. When we are involved in an honest pursuit of our own goals, we serve as positive role models for our children.
Thrity Umrigar|We are earthbound creatures, Maggie had thought. No matter how tempting the sky. No matter how beautiful the stars. No matter how deep the dream of flight. We are creatures of the earth. Born with legs, not wings, legs that root us to the earth, and hands that allow us to build our homes, hands that bind us to our loved ones within those homes. The glamour, the adrenaline rush, the true adventure, is here, within these homes. The wars, the detente, the coups, the peace treaties, the celebrations, the mournings, the hunger, the sating, all here.
Marie Kondō, The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing|Marathon tidying produces a heap of garbage. At this stage, the one disaster that can wreak more havoc than an earthquake is the entrance of that recycling expert who goes by the alias of "mother.
Anum Sattar|It amazes me when education, religion and family values fail to create a human being.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|As we get older, it matters less where you are and more who you're with.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Everything has a past, a voice, existed at some point, even things as small and seemingly meaningless as a house in a huge suburb. It’s a house like every other house… but at some point a family lived there, made it theirs, made it important. When people forget that history, that somebody at some point thought the house mattered, it just becomes an empty pile of nailed wood and brick and concrete that gets torn down for some strip mall or chain store to take its place… and that’s what happens more and more now, everything is disposable, always replaced with no thought at all. That’s where things get lost, memories get lost, humanity slips through the cracks, because when we all fail to pay attention to the things that make up our lives, we’re no longer human at all, not really.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|I was seventeen, halfway toward eighteen, and I had learned something nobody had ever taught me: Once you get to a certain age, especially if a driver’s license is involved, you can go a whole day—a whole week, even—without ever seeing your family. You can maybe say good morning and maybe say good night, but everything in the middle can be left blank.
Mohiro Kitoh, Bokurano: Ours, Vol. 8|I don't really know a whole lot about complicated, worldly things. But I think parents and siblings, they need to be able to care for each other unconditionally. How many people could you risk your life to protect? Not that many, I bet. Everyone's top priority is taking care of themselves. But if there's anyone who can overcome that, it's flesh and blood. If you understand that feeling, then you can look at other people, and realize, this person's family cares about them, too. That's a really heavy feeling. When you think about that, it becomes a lot harder to do horrible things to them. So I think that love for your family....is really at the root of what it means to care for other people.
Brandi Glanville, Drinking and Tweeting and Other Brandi Blunders|No matter how old you are, there’s no cozier feeling than to have your mom take care of you.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|Aliena's brother, Richard, sometimes reminded her of her father, with a look or a gesture, and that was when she felt a surge of affection.
Philippa Gregory, The Other Boleyn Girl|This is George, my beloved George. D'you think I want to go to my grave knowing that at the moment of his trial he looked around and saw no one lift a finger for him? If it is the death of me, I shall go to him.""Go then," he said. "Kiss our baby good-bye before you go, and Henry. I shall tell Catherine that you left your blessing for her. And kiss me farewell. For if you go into that courtroom you will never come out alive.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|It pleased Aliena that they were all together: she and Jack and their children, and Jack's mother, and Aliena's brother, and Martha. It was quite like an ordinary family, and Aliena could almost forget that her father had died in a dungeon, and she was legally married to Jack's stepbrother, and Ellen was an outlaw, and—She shook her head. It was no use pretending this was a normal family.
Waheed Ibne Musa, Johnny Fracture|When it comes to family, everything gets personal.
Philippa Gregory, The Other Boleyn Girl|He is my brother," I said. "I cannot desert him.""You can go to your own death," William said. "Or you can survive this, bring up your children, and guard Anne's little girl who will be shamed and bastardized and motherless by the end of this week. You can wait out this reign and see what comes next. See what the future holds for the Princess Elizabeth, defend our son Henry against those who will want to set him up as the king's heir or even worse-flaunt him as a pretender. You owe it to your children to protect them.
Justin Bog, Hark: A Christmas Collection|With more time spent in their mother's presence, Maggie kept topics of conversation to small stuff, seldom ever wanted to dig below the surface, learned from her mother: just be polite, which makes Callie's own facile mental questioning and creative drive, paired with her physical rigidity, all the more oppositional, and, how they dance around serious subjects, laughable.
Ann Patchett|I missed my mother's father. Is that even possible? Maybe I had fallen asleep for a while. Maybe I was like her, just waking up and looking for him to be there. I wondered how it would have changed things for all of us if he had stayed home the day he was supposed to die in his car. How his decision to go out for something small, something like coffee or orange juice which everyone could have done without, had changed things for all of us.
Herman Koch|I sometimes heard the parents of Michel's playmates sigh about how, after a busy day, they really needed "a moment to themselves." The children were in bed at last, and then came the magic moment, and not a minute earlier. I've always thought that was strange, because for me that moment began much earlier. When Michel came home from school, for example, and everything was as it should be.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|I tried to put myself in his place, and realized we looked exactly like what we were: a family. These strangely tied together individuals trying desperately to keep both ourselves and one another happy. Succeeding, and failing, and succeeding. When Jeremy called me up to light one of the thirteen candles on the cake, he said the kindest things, and I knew he meant each and every one. He talked about me teaching him how to ride a bike, how to swim, how to kick an arcade game in just the right place to get a free play. He was remembering the best of me. The way he spoke, I almost recognized who he was talking about.
Lisa Bedrick, Life Stories|My grandma loved to be on stage entertaining people.  She loves to make people smile and laugh.  She loves to brighten other people's day.  She often calls perfect strangers her angel, as a way of witnessing, but also to encourage and build their self-esteem.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|Truth means facing denial and saying I know who I am, I know who I need to be and I’m not afraid to become that person no matter what...Never be without fear; but Letti, never be without fight.
Steve Goodier|None of us lives in isolation. We're in it together. And some conflict along the way is inevitable. But our highest priority, when all is said and done, has to be commitment to each other –- sticking together.
Steve Goodier|Children nurtured in kindness learn the value of understanding. Children taught to be self-sufficient, to respect others, to value education and to build life up rather than to tear it down will become adults capable of leading us to a brighter future. For (as Karl Menninger noted) what's done to children, they will do to society.
Scott Hahn|We are created for the sake of love. When we experience love in family life, it is heavenly, but it is still only an image of the greater glory we hope to behold in heaven.
Dodie Smith|The family - that dear octopus from whose tentacles we never quite escape, nor, in our inmost hearts, ever quite wish to.
April  Floyd, Unique: Take a Look Into a Unique World & a Unique Life|Next to God, Family is the best thing.
Ishmael Beah|On our way back to her house, I didn’t look at the city lights any longer. I looked into the sky and felt as if the moon was following us.When I was a child, my grandmother told me that the sky speaks to those who look and listen to it. She said, “In the sky there are always answers and explanations for everything: every pain, every suffering, joy, and confusion.” That night I wanted the sky to talk to me.
Aspen Baker, Pro-Voice: How to Keep Listening When the World Wants a Fight|Infusing the cultural war with love, respect and empathy is the responsibility of every one who cares about the health and wellbeing of women, our families and communities, and our democracy.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Between Barton and Delaford, there was that constant communication which strong family affection would naturally dictate;—and among the merits and the happiness of Elinor and Marianne, let it not be ranked as the least considerable, that though sisters, and living almost within sight of each other, they could live without disagreement between themselves, or producing coolness between their husbands.
Sarah Ellis, Outside In|What if you could just invent your family, your home, your life? You could. You could call Sunday Wednesday. Be awake and living at 3 a.m. Use T-shirts instead of sheets. Eat lettuce like an apple. Blow your nose on socks. Take four unrelated people and make a family.
Ishmael Beah|I put my hands behind my head and lay on my back, trying to hold on to the memories of my family. Their faces seemed to be far off somewhere in my mind, and to get to them I had to bring up painful memories.
Ishmael Beah|I lay in my bed night after night staring at the ceiling and thinking, Why have I survived the war? Why was I the last person in my immediate family to be alive? I didn’t know.
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|This is what I'm supposed to be doing this summer. This is how I'm supposed to be passing my days. Figuring out the secret to how she was the most joyful person when she was dying. Because I'm living, and I sure as hell don't have a clue how to feel anything but empty.
Jojo Moyes, One Plus One|Because even if the whole world was throwing rocks at you, if you still had your mother or father at your back, you'd be okay.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|Reading is one of the best ways to bond with your child. Bond this Christmas with “It’s Not About You, Mr. Santa Claus
Soraya Diase Coffelt|For me, reading begins at home.
Stephen   Baskerville|Through no-fault divorce, one parent can now declare unilaterally that the marriage has "broken down" and invite the state in to take control and remove the other parent without the parent having committed any legal transgression. What the government then offers to the parent who invites it in is the promise that her invitation will be rewarded; the state will establish her as a puppet government, a satrap of the state within the family. This requires that not the faithless but the faithful parent be punished.
Stephen   Baskerville, Taken Into Custody: The War Against Fathers, Marriage, and the Family|What is taking place here should be made very clear: Citizens who are completely innocent of any legal wrongdoing and simply minding their own business--not seeking any litigation and neither convicted nor accused of any legal infraction, criminal or civil--are ordered into court and told to write checks to officials of the court or they will be summarily arrested and jailed, Judges also order citizens to sell their houses and other property and turn the proceeds over to lawyers and other cronies they never hired. Summoning legally unimpeachable citizens to court and forcing them to empty their bank accounts to people they have not hired for services they have neither requested nor received on threat of physical punishment is what most people would call a protection racket. . . Yet family court judges do this as a matter of routine. This is by far the clearest example of what we political scientists term a "kleptocracy," or government by theives.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|The festive season isn’t just a time to teach children about Jesus and giving, it’s also a time to teach your children about those less fortunate. This year, encourage your children to pick a present and give it to a child who has none, or take them to a charity drive.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|I don’t know,” Mark said, looking down at his own long pale fingers tangled in the little boy’s brown curls. “He just – Julian left, and Tavvy fell asleep on my lap.”He sounded amazed, wondering.“Of course he did,” Cristina said. “He’s your brother. He trusts you.”“Nobody trusts a Hunter,” Mark said.
Katherine Reay, Dear Mr. Knightley|How can I not believe that there is a God who exists and loves, when the people before me are infused with that love and pour it out daily?
Paul Bamikole|Some of us will be long forgotten before we are even dead. Most will never be remembered at all, not even by family.
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|It's a house. No more and no less. There isn't a structure on earth that could last forever. But a family goes on."-Leo
J.D. Salinger|One of the few things left in the world, aside from the world itself, that sadden me every day is an awareness that you get upset if Boo Boo or Walt tells you you're saying something that sounds like me. You sort of take it as an accusation of piracy, a little slam at your individuality. Is it so bad that we sometimes sound like each other? The membrane is so thin between us. Is it so important for us to keep in mind which is whose... For us, doesn't each of our individualities begin right at the point where we own up to our extremely close connections and accept the inevitability of borrowing one another's jokes, talents, idiocies?
Ellen J. Barrier|The things we share with each other are deeply felt from within our hearts that neither of us will ever forget. For the gifts that are priceless are the ones that are heartfelt; their roots are within our soul. They are the greatest gifts, of all.
Jason Gurley, Eleanor|Time is a river, and it flows in a circle. I love you.
Stefan Molyneux|If you can't share what's important to you with the people around you, then you have no relationships. It's all just proximity, and turkey, and sports, and weather, and bullshit.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A man of God has many brothers. He is a wounded soldier - he is familiar with the pain one feels in his heart, as a close and loving brother, when a brother falls victim of evil men or turns to evil desires (the latter sometimes even betrayal). Because of this, too, he is and must be well-acquainted with and trained in the strengths of hope and the gentleness of forgiveness and mercy.
Vivian Amis, The Essentials of Life|All problems, though appearing outside of you, must be resolved within YOU.
Louis L'Amour|It means little to anybody but us. We set store by kinfolk. We've our troubles from time to time, but when one of us is in danger, there'll be help from any who are around.
Constance Savery|I am not a fairy godmother or anything of that sort, but I hope to give you a happy home and a good education, and to send you out into the world true, brave, generous men, prepared to serve God truly all the days of your life."~Aunt Persis
Alice Walker|They be marching hand in hand, like going to war.
William Shakespeare|In Antiochus and his daughter you have heard of monstrous lust the due and just reward; In Pericles, his queen, and daughter, seen, Although assailed with fortune fierce and keen, Virtue preserved from fell destruction's blast, Led on by heaven, and crowned with joy at last.
Isabella Rogge, Exhaled: A Novella|Some people, no matter how much love you give them, cannot be saved. The first victories do not guarantee the last. That doesn't mean there isn't a point to loving them, or that the first victory doesn't matter. If anything, love them more. Celebrate the victory while it remains a victory. Joy is limited-- but then, so is sorrow.
Matovu Jonathans Eriah|Sometimes am so worried,i complain to God that He's not been listening to my prayers,and then my son comes and says,"hey dad,why are you not mom?"ilook at him and say,God.you've already answered my prayers with the best..who knows whats on the way for me?.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|Parents often ask - how do I get my child interested in books and reading? One tried and true way that my late husband and I used was paying them to read. For each book that my sons read, we paid them $1. They soon developed a love for reading and forgot all about the money. Amazing but true!
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|The row was actually about everything in creation, but it had for its subject of the moment the boy's mustache.
Jacques Delille|Fate chooses our relatives, we choose our friends.
Alex Soojung-Kim Pang|Each little update - each individual bit of social information - is insignificant on its own, even supremely mundane. But taken together, over time, the little snippets coalesce into a surprisingly sophisticated portrait of your friends’ and family members’ lives, like thousands of dots making a pointillist painting.
Shannon L. Alder|You can't fight hatred with hatred and expect anyone to listen to you. You can only try to lessen it with humor, wit, truth and commonsense. If that doesn't work run like hell, while they throw rocks at you.
Ashly Lorenzana|They say blood is thicker than water. It's also more treacherous, prone to betrayal, full of shit and quite honestly, I wouldn't put much weight into it at all.
Neal Shusterman, UnDivided|And so, as the mob backs away to give them space... as the riot police holster their weapons, standing down, and as Risa takes the podium, calming the crowd with a voice as soothing as a sonata, Connor Lassiter holds his family like he'll never let them go.
A.S. King|We have this judgmental way of looking at the idea of leaving a home or a family, and our society has reinforced this idea that if we "run away," we are "running away from our problems." In some cases, though, to face certain problems (in this case, two family members who are not mentally stable and who are not going to face up to their issues) the family members who are capable of facing reality must realize that leaving is a viable option. Some environments are harmful. As fellow humans it is our job to judge less and encourage more when others choose to remove themselves from harmful environments.
Shannon L. Alder|You will never know the moon or stars, unless you breathe in their solar system and inspect it from many diverse vantage points as possible.
Alan Cumming|We both lacked the same thing in our childhoods - the love of a father... We both sought to fill that lack in our adult lives with family and love, as everyone does, but also with thrills and sometimes periods of recklessness. Luckily, I have always come back from my recklessness. Tommy Darling did not.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|No mother is ever, completely, a child's idea of what a mother should be, and I suppose it works the other way around as well.
Mia Love|Regardless of the difficulties we may face individually, in our families, in our communities and in our nation, the old adage is still true - you can make excuses or you can make progress, but you cannot make both!
honeya|Not necessary that every problem has a solution, you have to live with 'some' problems..rather than forcing a solution and doing a blunder, live with it.. People always have solutions for 'your' problems but none for their own..
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|Because what my gradmother did with her fine coat (the loveliest thing she would ever own) is what all women of that generation (and before) did for their families and their husbands and their children. They cut up the finest and proudest parts of themselves and gave it all away. They repatterned what was theirs and shaped it for others. They went without. They were the last ones to eat at supper, and they were the first ones to get up every morning, warming the cold kitchen for another day spent caring for everyone else. This was the only thing they knew how to do. This was their guiding verb and their defining principle of life: They gave.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|From my father I heard only these words: "But you were born for such a day as this." He closed the book and my mother joined him in embracing me. They prayed over me and they gave me a blessing. And some blessings, like the one my conservative Christian parents gave to their soon-to-be-Lutheran pastor daughter who had put them through hell, are the kind of blessings that stay with you for the rest of your life. The kind you can't speak of without crying all over again.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|I may have spent long enough in your orbit to have absorbed your ferocious conviction that a happy family cannot be a mere myth or that even if it is, better to die trying for the fine if unattainable than sulking in passive, cynical resignation that hell is other people you're related to.
Anthony Liccione|All she wanted was a family, all he wanted was fame; as their relationship famished.
Norris B. Finlayson, Tree Farm Days|My plans for the future are to serve more and better, to worry less about the things that are unimportant, to let my wife and children know how much I love them, to openly support whatever I can see is good, to appreciate and to encourage everyone in the best way possible, and, in short, to do more of what makes life meaningful.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz|Someday, I'm going to have to break some of your rules, Mom.""I know," she said. "Try to do it behind my back, will you?¨You can bet on that, Mom.¨We both sat there and laughed.
A.P. Jensen, Unleashed|We’re pieces on a chessboard and we make our moves when it’s our turn. If we don’t, our decisions are made for us.
William Shakespeare, Antony and Cleopatra|No more light answers. Let our officersHave note what we purpose. I shall breakThe cause of our expedience to the QueenAnd get her leave to part. For not aloneThe death of Fulvia, with more urgent touches,Do strongly speak to us, but the letters tooOf many our contriving friends in RomePetition us at home. Sextus PompeiusHath given the dare to Caesar and commandsThe empire of the sea. Our slippery people,Whose love is never linked to the deserverTill his deserts are past, begin to throwPompey the Great and all his dignitiesUpon his son, who - high in name and power,Higher than both in blood and life - stands upFor the main soldier; whose quality, going on,The sides o' th' world may danger. Much is breedingWhich, like the courser's hair, hath yet but lifeAnd not a serpent's poison.
Katherine McIntyre, Snatched|I sent a silent prayer up to the Phoenix to keep her safe a little longer, because I would tear the shifters limb for limb until I got my baby sister back.
Anne Fine, Madame Doubtfire|There are all sorts of different families, Katie. Some families have one mommy, some families have one daddy, or two families. And some children live with their uncle or aunt. Some live with their grandparents, and some children live with foster parents. And some live in separate homes, in separate neighborhoods, in different areas of the country - and they may not see each other for days, or weeks, months... even years at a time. But if there's love, dear... those are the ties that bind, and you'll have a family in your heart, forever.
Crissi Langwell, The Road to Hope|Maddie breathed in deep, inhaling the scent of breakfast and dish soap, clean laundry and wood floors, sunshine and a room filled with love. It smelled like home.
L.M. Montgomery|Mrs. Binnie says we throw out more with a spoon than the men can be bringing in with a shovel...Binnie-like. Our men like the good living. And what if we don't be having too much money, Patsy dear? Sure and we do have lashings of things no money could be buying. There'll be enough squeezed out for Cuddles when the time comes. The Good Man Above will be seeing to that.
Alex Bosworth|It’s not easy balancing a career, a family and a healthy outlook on life, which is why I don’t.
Stephanie Lahart|Let today mark a new beginning for you. Give yourself permission to say NO without feeling guilty, mean, or selfish. Anybody who gets upset and/or expects you to say YES all of the time clearly doesn’t have your best interest at heart. Always remember: You have a right to say NO without having to explain yourself. Be at peace with your decisions.
Trisscar|Why is it that, you can only truly love someone if you make out with them or if they are your family? Whatever happened to friendship love? Look. I have never have met anyone on this site. But the love here - that shit is real. I don't care if you're all some random perverted thirty-year old men just wanting to bang some chick. I love you all. You guys gave me the courage to move on in life. You taught me that its okay to cry and feel pity for myself as long as I got back up. And I'll always be greatful to you for that. Look. I don't know what you guys look like, but if its anything like what you're like on the inside - than you are all gorgeous, wonderful, beautiful people and the world just can't handle your awesomeness. Okay? So I just wanted to say thank you. And to anyone who doubts this love, screw you. Because these people saved me when no one else cared to even try. These people are my courage, my legs to stand on, my world. And trust me when I say this. These people are my soul mates. Not 'like my soul mates', no. These people are my soul mates. And this love can't simply be defined in a couple of make out sessions. It goes beyond that. Beyond your imagination. So shut the hell up and don't bother telling me that I can't possible love these people because I never met them. Some feelings reach through the screen, and don't need to have the interaction among one another. Some feelings surpass all. So shut up. I love these people.
Chelsey Philpot, Even in Paradise|I’m sorry,’ I whispered. I didn’t know whether I was sympathizing with her broken heart or apologizing for a family who had had theirs broken, too.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|I’d live anywhere, - in one room, in the castle ruin right now – if it meant we could all just be together.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life. Rarely do members of one famiy grow up under the same roof
Ian McEwan, Atonement|When the wounded were screaming, you dreamed of sharing a little house somewhere, of an ordinary life, of a family line, connection. All around him, men were walking silently with their thoughts, reforming their lives, making resolutions. If I ever get out of this lot... They could never be counted, the dreamed-up children, mentally conceived on the walk into Dunkirk, and later made flesh.
Gene Luen Yang, Avatar: The Last Airbender: The Search, Part 1|Family is in essence a small nation, and the nation a large family. In treating his own family with dignity, a ruler learns to govern his nation with dignity
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|When someone you love has died, there is a certain grace period during which you can get away with murder. Not literal murder, but pretty much anything else.
Daniel J. Siegel|In a brain scan, relational pain—that caused by isolation during punishment—can look the same as physical abuse. Is alone in the corner the best place for your child?
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|All the best and worse things in us are bound up in the legacy of our family. As children we ardently trust in the stability or, in some cases, the instability we were born into. No matter which...we embraced what was decent while simultaneously suppressing what was deficient yet both traits weaved roots of faithfulness and consternation into the very fabric of who we've become. This now plays significantly into how we nurture our own families and how we relate to others. Our love, our fears, our insecurities, and our loyalties all draw from how we were raised as well as our inherent desire to shift its paradigm to optimistically better the life of not just our children...but our children's children. That's the gift and or the curse of a legacy. Which will you leave behind?
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|Do you need anything?" she asks. A mom A dad. Someone. Anyone. Can you arrange for that? "Nah, I'm good.
Robert Pirsig|For three days and three nights, Phædrus stares at the wall of the bedroom, his thoughts moving neither forward nor backward, staying only at the instant. His wife asks if he is sick, and he does not answer. His wife becomes angry, but Phædrus listens without responding. He is aware of what she says but is no longer able to feel any urgency about it. Not only are his thoughts slowing down, but his desires too. And they slow and slow, as if gaining an imponderable mass. So heavy, so tired, but no sleep comes. He feels like a giant, a million miles tall. He feels himself extending into the universe with no limit. He begins to discard things, encumbrances that he has carried with him all his life. He tells his wife to leave with the children, to consider themselves separated. Fear of loathsomeness and shame disappear when his urine flows not deliberately but naturally on the floor of the room. Fear of pain, the pain of the martyrs is overcome when cigarettes burn not deliberately but naturally down into his fingers until they are extinguished by blisters formed by their own heat. His wife sees his injured hands and the urine on the floor and calls for help. But before help comes, slowly, imperceptibly at first, the entire consciousness of Phædrus begins to come apart — to dissolve and fade away. Then gradually he no longer wonders what will happen next. He knows what will happen next, and tears flow for his family and for himself and for this world.
Daniel Friday Danzor|Power & Money are fruits of life! But Family &Friends re roots of life! We can manage without fruits, But can never stand without roots.
Sylvia Waugh, The Mennyms|Being Soobie, always honest to himself, he was prepared to be no less than honest to God. – I do not know who made the part of me that thinks. I do not know who I really am or what I really am. I am never satisfied to pretend. I cannot pretend that you are listening to me. I can only give you the benefit of the doubt. And it is a massive doubt, I can tell you. I do not know whether I believe in you, and, what is worse, you might not believe in me. But I need help and there is nowhere else to turn. The flesh-and-blood people who come here have something they called faith. Please, if you are listening to a rag doll with a blue face, let the faith of those others be enough for you to help me. I must find my sister, or my mother will be the first of us to die. Dear God, I don’t even know what that means!
Eva Ibbotson, Island of the Aunts|After all, Betty was ill and she was her sister, and she wouldn't be able to shave her legs for weeks because of the plaster.
Elizabeth George|To last, a marriage and family must be built on love—love for God, and love for one another.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Train your Children with Patience, Correct them in Love, Don't Discipline them out of hatred
Unarine Ramaru|Everything have a foundation, even your fame; It started as little support from your family and immediate friends; Don't forget that because they saw the raw talent before everyone saw the polished act. Stay True instead of being a fame fool.
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|Get away from my house and all its rooms that echo, all the rooms I don't enter anymore.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option|Parents don't become inaccessible to your Children, when they don't get the right information from you, they may get the wrong one from an outsider; you are their Caretaker..be wise!
Dancolin Flamiano|Relationships grounded in mutual love, trust, caring and forgiveness. In all the ups and all the downs of life. Look closely, - who is really your family, and who in truth are just strangers in for the ride?
Raymond Carver, What We Talk About When We Talk About Love|They had laughed. They had leaned on each other and laughed until the tears had come, while everything else--the cold, and where he'd go in it--was outside, for a while anyway.
Liane Moriarty|When you divorce someone, you divorce their whole family.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Turn of the Story|She hesitated, wiping her hands off on her apron. “I’m not sure if I’ll be here when you get back. This place is a little—it’s a little much for me.”She didn’t have to tell him how it was. He had lived here for years, in a house that wanted to be silent until the silence was broken by a certain step and a certain voice, in a house holding its breath for someone’s return. If anyone held their breath long enough, they were dead.
Jennifer Brown, Torn Away|...But would that be enough? Because at the moment it felt like it could never be enough. People needed more than a place to stay, more than a porch to sleep on. They needed a home, right? They needed love.
E. Nesbit|She had been to her Great-Aunt Willoughby’s before, and she knew exactly what to expect. She would be asked about her lessons, and how many marks she had, and whether she had been a good girl. I can’t think why grownup people don’t see how impertinent these questions are. Suppose you were to answer:“I’m the top of my class, auntie, thank you, and I am very good. And now let us have a little talk about you, aunt, dear. How much money have you got, and have you been scolding the servants again, or have you tried to be good and patient, as a properly brought up aunt should be, eh, dear?”Try this method with one of your aunts next time she begins asking you questions, and write and tell me what she says.
Quinn Loftis, Out of the Dark|The Canis Lupus, both wolf and man, were meant to be a family with one another. We gain strength through our bond with each other.
Alice McDermott, After This|His eyes went again to the crucifix above his head, reflected in the mirror. The strained arms, the arched spine. All that effort to open the gates of heaven for us and we (he thought) probably spend out first hours among the heavenly hosts settling old scores with relatives.
Oceangirlie14|Those who care about me will forget me but, those who love me will never let go of me.
Mignon McLaughlin, The Complete Neurotic's Notebook|Family quarrels have a total bitterness unmatched by others. Yet it sometimes happens that they also have a kind of tang, a pleasantness beneath the unpleasantness, based on the tacit understanding that this is not for keeps; that any limb you climb out on will still be there later for you to climb back.
Joe Hill, Throttle|They had been Vince's brothers in a way, and Race was his son, and you couldn't drive a man's family to the earth and expect to live.
A.P. Jensen, Hell on Heels Christmas|Contentment isn’t something that just happens to you, Regan Lee, it’s a choice. You have to want exactly what you have.
Stephanie Coontz|It wasn't until the 1920s that a bare majority of children grew up in families where the father's labor purchased the family's provisions, while their mother did unpaid child care, elder care, and housework.The Great Depression and World War II disrupted this family form, but it roared back in the 1950s, when the percentage of wives and mothers who were supported entirely by their husbands' wages reached a high that has never been equaled, before or since.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|Why one enjoys maternal grandparents more than the paternal ones, i have never understood, but it was like that for me.
Anne Eliot, Unmaking Hunter Kennedy|It’s really hard to deny a kid who’s father has passed away. We all just wanted you to be happy so we messed that up. Your career wasn’t about the money. Not at first. It gave you both something big to do so you could stay busy and forget how much you missed your dad.” His heart twisted, and he whispered, “When I think of him...I don’t remember his face, but I do remember how much it hurt to have him simply there one day and gone the next...just gone.” Nan nodded. “Imagine how your mom felt. Your dad was the love of her life.
Carlos A.  Rodriguez, Designed For Inheritance: A Discovery of Sonship|Most people like it when the pastor says, "family is priority." What they don't like very much is when the pastor actually chooses his own family as the priority over them.
Carlos A.  Rodriguez, Designed For Inheritance: A Discovery of Sonship|Going to church is a beautiful act of humility. You are saying to the world, "I need God and His family.
Francisco X. Stork, Marcelo in the Real World|How did Ixtel become real for me? The world is full of Ixtels who I can help without hurting my father. Why this one? How was it her suffering that touched me? Father. I feel connected to her through my father's actions. I feel an obligation to right my father's wrong. But why? Shouldn't my father's welfare come first? His welfare is my welfare. How does one weigh love for a parent against the urge to help someone in need? I feel like what is right should be done no matter what. This lack of doubt makes me feel inhuman. But it is not a question of my head for once. I hear the right note. I recognize the wrong note. Maybe the right action is a lake like this one, green and quiet and deep.
Laura Lippman, After I'm Gone|It was as if his fingers knew things, but they couldn't show him unless they were moving, touching. He had to think it was similar for carpenters and writers, and he knew it was the same for chefs.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|Was there anything quite so painful, so fraught with the possibilities of hurt, as gift giving within a family?
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|Anyone hurts my family, I slap them down. A man does for family. That's one of the rules I got from my pa. His rules for being a man.
Christina G. Hibbert Psy.D.|Maybe this is a second doctoral program: advanced learning about life, death, marriage, mothering, family, faith, patience, prayer. My degree will be 'Doctor of Life,' and I will be in good company. So many of us earn our 'Doctor of Life' degrees.
Sandra Buckley, Broken Silence: Voices of Japanese Feminism|In any East Asian culture, you will find that women have a very tangible power within the household. This is often rejcted by non-Asian feminists who argue that it is not real power, but.. Japanese women look at the low status attributed to the domestic labor of housewives in North America and feel that this amounts to a denigration of a fundamental social role - whether it is performed by a man or a woman.
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|He believed a man should never be sober but never be drunk. And he believed in watching out for family, even if you had to stay sober for a few hours; it was that important.
Andrea Dworkin, Scapegoat: The Jews, Israel, and Women's Liberation|Often, to keep the family together, the woman will accept repeated beatings and rapes, emotional battering and verbal degredation; she will be debased and ashamed but she will stick it out, or when she runs he will kill her. Ask the politicians who exude delight when they advocate for the so-called traditional family how many women are beaten and children raped when there is no man in the family. Zero is such a perfect and encouraging number, but who, among politicians in male-supremacist cultures, can count that high?
David W. Earle|Others hide from being real by filling the air with words; the more words they throw out, the less actual communication happens and they are left with only an illusion of connection. This is the intimacy they so ardently seek but with these coping skills find so elusive.
David W. Earle|Mature adults gravitate toward new values and understandings, not just rehashing and blind acceptance of past patterns and previous learning. This is an ongoing process and maturity demands lifelong learners.
David W. Earle|The more severe the dysfunction you experienced growing up, the more difficult boundaries are for you.
David W. Earle|The greater the pain associated with love, the more likely a person is to be attracted to others who will inflict this pain…for isn’t this what love is? Hurt people tend to hurt other people.
Trish Kaye Lleone, Finding Anna: A Memoir: The True Story of Child Sexual Abuse|I am releasing my own demons of times gone by and seizing the opportunity to find my own corner, my own fortress, my own calm and peace. Life is not unfair... Life is good. In the end, you only have yourself to search for and find…
Trish Kaye Lleone, Finding Anna: A Memoir: The True Story of Child Sexual Abuse|I am releasing my own demons of times gone by and seizing the opportunity to find my own corner, my own fortress, my own calm and peace. Life is not unfair.
John Updike, Rabbit at Rest|TV families and your own are hard to tell apart, except your isn't interrupted every six minutes by commercials and theirs don't get bogged down into nothingness, a state where nothing happens, no skit, no zany visitors, no outburst on the laugh track, nothing at all but boredom and a lost feeling, especially when you get up in the morning and the moon is still shining and men are making noisy bets on the first tee.
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|Perhaps you'd like, you gentle fellow, To hear what I'm prepared to sayOn "kinfolk" and their implications?Well, here's my view of close relations:They're people whom we're bound to prize, To honor, love, and idolize,And following the old tradition,To visit come the Christmas feast, Or send a wish by mail at least;All other days they've our permission,To quite forget us if they please-So grant them, God, long life and ease!
David W. Earle|If you are looking for love under rocks or bringing home water moccasins, you might be confusing love and pain.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|And now at the airport, after shaking hands with everybody, waving good-bye, I think about all the different ways we leave people in this world. Cheerily waving good-bye to some at airports, knowing we'll never see each other again. Leaving others on the side of the road, hoping that we will. Finding my mother in my father's story and saying good-bye before before I have a chance to know her better.
David W. Earle|As a parent who raised his children in dysfunction, I know the parental wounds my children received were not intentional; often they were my best expression of love, sometimes coming out sideways, not as I intended.
David W. Earle|Sitting on the hot seat of change requires much courage, patience, and persistence.
David W. Earle|If we want to improve, first we have to recognize our own maladaptive coping skills, called codependency, then change.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The simplest way to enjoy lasting success in life is to strike a balance between your career and family. If one must suffer, never it be your family.
David W. Earle|Change is hard, difficult, painful, and often messy
David W. Earle|We ardently desire to take down our masks and say to the world, “This is who I am…and I am okay.” This is simple…not easy.
David W. Earle|REAL people do not have to lie, exaggerate, or brag for they are self-contained in self-understanding and acceptance of themselves. REAL people can make a mistake knowing that even when they do, it is only a mistake and just because the outcome was not to their liking, they know…THEY are not a mistake. REAL have the attitude this is who I am…and I am good enough, right now…just as I am. People who have chosen REAL have already clicked their heals together and returned home.
Trish Kaye Lleone, Finding Anna: A Memoir: The True Story of Child Sexual Abuse|She will always be etched in my being, like thread sewn through the fibers of my very soul.
Jo Ann V. Glim, Begotten with Love: Every Family Has Its Story|With so much trauma and drama in everyday life, the beauty of peace and solitude beckons like an oasis in a barren wasteland.
David Kuo, Tempting Faith: An Inside Story of Political Seduction|It was the bitterest irony; I came to Washington to fight for "the family" and destroyed mine in the process.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|And now at the airport, after shaking hands with everybody, waving good-bye, I think about all the different ways we leave people in this world. Cheerily waving good-bye to some at airports, knowing we'll never see each other again. Leaving others on the side of the road, hoping that we will. Finding my mother in my father's story and saying good-bye before I have a chance to know her better.
David W. Earle|When you journey inwardly exploring yourself, a sense of personal trust begins.
Colleen Hoover, Ugly Love|Tate lays her head on my arm, and we both watch her.Our daughter.I love you so much, Sam.I’m looking down at the perfection we created when it hits me.It’s all worth it.It’s the beautiful moments like these that make up for the uglylove.
David W. Earle|Boundaries represent awareness, knowing what the limits are and then respecting those limits.
David W. Earle|The more dysfunctional, the more some family members seek to control the behavior of others.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|It is not by blood, anyhow, that man's true continuity is established: Alexander's direct heir is Caesar, and not the frail infant born of a Persian princess in an Asiatic citadel; Epaminondas, dying without issue, was right to boast that he had Victories for daughters.
Anthony Liccione|When we were together before, the world was small to us, but as you grew bigger to life and the world became desirous to living, we became smaller to each other.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|To increase the odds of being thanked, some people compliment some people; some make kids.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|Technology has transformed the world into a global village. And communities, families, friends, etc., into local islands.
Holly Michael|I was so done with looking at life through the eyes of beer-drinking cheese-heads. I wanted to go on that mission trip and look through the eyes of someone from a different culture and see what they saw. I wanted to meet people who didn’t crush the can of what they just drank on their forehead.-Rebecca Meyer, Crooked Lines
Stephanie Burgis, Courting Magic|For God’s sake, man!” Frederick Carlyle bellowed across the room. “At least wait until you’re alone before you kiss her, if you please! Remember, her family is watching you, and we haven’t had our dinner yet!
Carly Philips, Summer Lovin'|Frankly, accepting the family's unique qualities has done wonders to help my own sanity.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|The two families really don't like each other, except for all us younger cousins because we don't know any better.
Janet Mock, Redefining Realness: My Path to Womanhood, Identity, Love  So Much More|In Hawaii, family showed itself in the way that my siblings never dared to call one another "half" anything. We were fully brothers and sisters. Family appeared in the pile of rubber slippers and sandals that crowded the entrance to everyone's home; in the kisses we gave when we greeted one another and said good-bye; in the graceful choreography of Grandma hanging the laundry on the clothesline; in the inclusiveness of calling anyone older auntie or uncle whether or not they were relatives.
David W. Earle|Chaos limits the free-flow of love and becomes a roadblock to what family members want most and sadly, it becomes the normal for the family.
David W. Earle|When someone obtains peace and serenity, this shines a bright spotlight on others’ own unhappiness making their discomfort even more apparent.
Jennifer McMahon, Island of Lost Girls|And as Rhonda told the story, she thought: this is how the past gets passed down. This is how memories are made. Half-invented, embellished, given a touch of whimsy. Daniel would be a saint now that he was dead. A beautiful man who made his child wings.
Erika Tamar, Lizabeth's Story|The trouble with cousins, Lizabeth thought, was that they knew all about you, even your allergies.
David W. Earle|Swirling in a squirrel cage of perpetual motion, the head-committee meets, argues, votes out the guidance available from emotions, and successfully keeps serenity at bay and chaos close at hand.
David W. Earle|Children naturally believe without question and absorb knowledge at an incredible rate; since there is no other frame of reference; they believe their parental reality, true or false.
Andrew Coster, TRUE DAWN FALSE DAWN: GLOBAL COLLAPSE OF THE DO-RE-MI|He reasoned, even as a young man, that traditions may linger as he walked though the oracles of time. In later years he thought his mind may one day blur, should he survive to an old age, but as he spread ink on paper, transmitted and shared with those who came after him his experiences, his own great adventures, he believed perhaps they, like he, would give way to pause to reflect on how...hard it always was to open his eyes to begin a new day...
Shannon L. Alder|More often than not, people who are obsessed with their desires and feelings are generally unhappier in life vs. people that refocus their attention on service to others or a righteous cause. Have you ever heard someone say their life sucked because they fed the homeless? Made their children laugh? Or, bought a toy for a needy child at Christmas time?
Emm Cole, Keeping Merminia|I've misplaced it all, but I can't seem to lose my brother. It's a priceless gift--to have his love at a time when I've done nothing to earn it.
Dorothea Benton Frank, The Hurricane Sisters|We were an imperfect family. I knew that. But at last we were on each other's side, dug in with a new and more profound commitment. Our happiness was hard won, it was ours and I was determined to keep us whole.
Stefan Molyneux|Appeasers will always try to get the least dangerous person to bend to the most dangerous person. This is one of the main problems in dysfunctional relationships. The more mature and rational you are the more you are victimized because, they are aware that you're not going to be as aggressive, destructive, or possibly as abusive and so you are the one who has to bend. You're the one who has to change and this constant rapping of rational people's souls around the prickly irrationalities of other people are what appeasers are constantly doing.
Sachin Kundalkar, Cobalt Blue|Whatever happens, happens for the best.' That's how any domestic counselling starts in a Marathi family. Everyone in every family has an inner psychiatrist who rises to the occasion with some home-made mottos, a few lines from Jagjit Singh ghazal. An older generation may quote Tukaram but underlying all this is the bedrock phase: Whatever happens, happens for the best.
Marcel Proust, Sodom and Gomorrah|After a certain age, and even if we develop in quite different ways, the more we become ourselves, the more our family traits are accentuated.
Kat Kaelin, LONE WALK FROM PANTHER CREEK: BASED ON A TRUE STORY - Dirty Little Secrets - Reader Discretion Advised|Suspense, murder, revenge, scandal; a delicious cocktail party.
Ruth Park, The Harp in the South|And when he got home he started on Mumma. He hated her then, because in her fatness and untidiness and drabness she reminded him of what he himself was when he was sober.
Laura Dave, The Divorce Party|People don’t break up because someone’s family is a little . . . messy. If that were the case, no one would ever get married.
Kat Kaelin, LONE WALK FROM PANTHER CREEK: BASED ON A TRUE STORY - Dirty Little Secrets - Reader Discretion Advised|Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been." _Mark Twain (Author)
H.M. Ward, Backdraft|I felt like a trophy child, someone he had around to show off. It felt like it was more important that his daughter was perfect—but, I was his daughter and I was neither of those things. I worked hard to get my grades, and I tried so hard to meet his expectations, but I failed. Over and over again, I fell short. I didn't measure up. That feeling never faded.
H.M. Ward, Backdraft|I just wished they'd see Mari, their daughter. I wished they saw how much I liked art and how much I didn't want to dedicate my life to something I wasn't passionate about.
Rabbi Shaul David Judelman|I no longer want to see others as humans. I want to learn to see others as brothers, sisters, mothers, & fathers.
Kat Kaelin|The two of us sat back down in the swing and continued sitting side-by-side the first Day of June; moving to-and-fro in the swing on the front porch. A soothing summer breeze caught a ride on the south wind and blew across our faces. I enjoyed endless days and nights sitting, sighing, lying, walking, and talking alongside my best friend..." Lone Walk From Panther Creek
Kat Kaelin|I replayed the moment I first saw him at the picnic throughout our years together. As corny as it may sound, from the first glance we shared near the cake stand at the picnic, the two of us remained connected like the icing on one of those made from scratch cakes...
Laura Dave, The Divorce Party|You think if you don’t talk about it, you can just pretend everything is all right? Everything is not all right. Not with us, not with your parents, not with anything today. And if you let yourself go anywhere real with it, you have to acknowledge it.
Maya Lang, The Sixteenth of June|June is gazing at Michael with a glow about her face, a well of feeling for her husband. Leo and Stephen are also looking at their father, Leo's expression sympathetic, nearly teary. The three of them as they look at Michael are like magnets, the ties drawing each one to him nearly visible. This is what family means, Nora thinks.
Andrew Coster, TRUE DAWN FALSE DAWN: GLOBAL COLLAPSE OF THE DO-RE-MI|He reasoned, even as a young man, that traditions may linger as he walked though the oracles of time. In later years he thought his mind may one day blur, should he survive to an old age, but as he spread ink on paper, transmitted and shared with those who came after him his experiences, his own grHe reasoned, even as a young man, that traditions may linger as he walked though the oracles of time. In later years he thought his mind may one day blur, should he survive to an old age, but as he spread ink on paper, transmitted and shared with those who came after him his experiences, his own great adventures, he believed perhaps they, like he, would give way to pause to reflect on how...hard it always was to open his eyes to begin a new day. eat adventures, he believed perhaps they, like he, would give way to pause to reflect on how goddamned hard it always was to open his eyes to begin a new day.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., Autocrat of the Breakfast Table|A man's mind is stretched by a new idea or sensation, and never shrinks back to its former dimensions.
George Orwell, 1984|Reality exists in the human mind, and nowhere else.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Sign of Four|My mind," he said, "rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. I can dispense then with artificial stimulants. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation. That is why I have chosen my own particular profession, or rather created it, for I am the only one in the world.
Stephen King|The mind can calculate, but the spirit yearns, and the heart knows what the heart knows
James Patterson|At that moment I had no mind to change, or not change, or throw against the nearest wall.
Vladimir Nabokov|I mean, I have the feeling that something in my mind is poisoning everything else.
Isaac Asimov, Pebble in the Sky|There never can be a man so lost as one who is lost in the vast and intricate corridors of his own lonely mind, where none may reach and none may save.
Rabindranath Tagore|Most people believe the mind to be a mirror, more or less accurately reflecting the world outside them, not realizing on the contrary that the mind is itself the principal element of creation.
Giovanni Boccaccio|You must read, you must persevere, you must sit up nights, you must inquire, and exert the utmost power of your mind. If one way does not lead to the desired meaning, take another; if obstacles arise, then still another; until, if your strength holds out, you will find that clear which at first looked dark.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Open your eyes, train your ears, use your head. If a mind you have, then use it while you can.
Pete Wentz, Gray|I'm an insomniac, my mind works the night shift.
Bodhidharma, The Zen Teaching of Bodhidharma|Not thinking about anything is Zen. Once you know this, walking, sitting, or lying down, everything you do is Zen.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|The mind is just like a muscle - the more you exercise it, the stronger it gets and the more it can expand.
Gary Snyder, Earth House Hold|When the mind is exhausted of images, it invents its own.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|You're wrong. The mind is not like raindrops. It does not fall from the skies, it does not lose itself among other things. If you believe in me at all, then believe this: I promise you I will find it. Everything depends on this." "I believe you," she whispers after a moment. "Please find my mind.
Leonardo da Vinci|As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|To preserve the silence within--amid all the noise. To remain open and quiet, a moist humus in the fertile darkness where the rain falls and the grain ripens--no matter how many tramp across the parade ground in whirling dust under an arid sky.
JoLynne Valerie|Passion can transform the mind, body and spirit...Passion can align you with the wisdom of nature and the power of what is in your heart.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy, Malone Dies, The Unnamable|Unfathomable mind: now beacon, now sea.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|Seemingly minor yet persistent things penetrate the mind over time making it difficult to ever realize the impact; hence, though quite unfortunate, the most dangerous forms of corruption are those that are subtle and below the radar.
William Feather|Books open your mind, broaden your mind, and strengthen you as nothing else can.
Alexander Shulgin, Pihkal: A Chemical Love Story|Use them with care, and use them with respect as to the transformations they can achieve, and you have an extraordinary research tool. Go banging about with a psychedelic drug for a Saturday night turn-on, and you can get into a really bad place, psychologically. Know what you're using, decide just why you're using it, and you can have a rich experience. They're not addictive, and they're certainly not escapist, either, but they're exceptionally valuable tools for understanding the human mind, and how it works.
G.K. Chesterton|Merely having an open mind is nothing. The object of opening the mind, as of opening the mouth, is to shut it again on something solid.
Edgar Allan Poe|It is more than probable that I am not understood; but I fear, indeed, that it is in no manner possible to convey to the mind of the merely general reader, an adequate idea of that nervous intensity of interest with which, in my case, the powers of meditation (not to speak technically) busied and buried themselves, in the contemplation of even the most ordinary objects of the universe.
James A. Kitchens|Most of us go through each day looking for what we saw yesterday And, not surprisingly, that is what we find.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I thought about the relentless thought-processing, soul-devouring machine that is my brain, and wondered how on earth I was ever going to master it. Then I remembered that line from Jaws and couldn't help smiling: 'We're gonna need a bigger boat.
Wendy Wasserstein|Anyone who is considered funny will tell you, sometimes without even your asking, that deep inside they are very serious, neurotic, introspective people.
Walter de la Mare, The Return|God has mercifully ordered that the human brain works slowly; first the blow, hours afterwards the bruise.
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|True Christian fortitude consists in strength of mind, through grace, exerted in two things; in ruling and suppressing the evil and unruly passions and affections of the mind; and in steadfastly and freely exerting and following good affections and dispositions, without being hindered by sinful fear or the opposition of enemies... Though Christian fortitude appears in withstanding and counteracting the enemies that are without us; yet it much more appears in resisting and suppressing the enemies that are within us; because they are our worst and strongest enemies and have greatest advantage against us. The strength of the good soldier of Jesus Christ appears in nothing more than in steadfastly maintaining the holy calm, meekness, sweetness, and benevolence of his mind, amidst all the storms, injuries, strange behaviour, and surprising acts and events of this evil and unreasonable world.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|The mind of man is capable of anything--because everything is in it, all the past as well as all the future. What was there after all? Joy, fear, sorrow, devotion, valor, rage--who can tell?--buttruth--truth stripped of its cloak of time.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Because memory and sensations are so uncertain, so biased, we always rely on a certain reality-call it an alternate reality-to prove the reality of events. To what extent facts we recognize as such really are as they seem, and to what extent these are facts merely because we label them as such, is an impossible distinction to draw. Therefore, in order to pin down reality as reality, we need another reality to relativize the first. Yet that other reality requires a third reality to serve as its grounding. An endless chain is created within our consciousness, and it is the very maintenance of this chain that produces the sensation that we are actually here, that we ourselves exist.
Michel de Montaigne, The Essays: A Selection|The most fruitful and natural exercise for our minds is, in my opinion, conversation.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|In the age of technology there is constant access to vast amounts of information. The basket overflows; people get overwhelmed; the eye of the storm is not so much what goes on in the world, it is the confusion of how to think, feel, digest, and react to what goes on.
Teresa of Ávila, The Life of Saint Teresa of Ávila by Herself|It is of great importance, when we begin to practise prayer, not to let ourselves be frightened by our own thoughts.
Hermann Hesse|Our mind is capable of passing beyond the dividing line we have drawn for it. Beyond the pairs of opposites of which the world consists, other, new insights begin.
Tom Robbins, Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates|That's the way the mind works: the brain is genetically disposed towards organization, yet if not controlled, will link even the most imagerial fragment to another on the flimsiest pretense and in the most freewheeling manner, as if it takes a kind of organic pleasure in creative association, without regards to logic or chronological sequence.
Jenny Valentine, Broken Soup|I thought about having a proper room,breathing life into it, and nobody minding.
Rachel Ward, Numbers|Part of me wanted this more than anything else in the world—to have someone to hang out with, be like everyone else for a while. The rest of me screamed to get the hell out of there, not to get sucked in.
Bruce Lee, Tao of Jeet Kune Do|Effort within the mind further limits the mind, because effort implies struggle towards a goal and when you have a goal, a purpose, an end in view, you have placed a limit on the mind.
Dean Koontz, Relentless|Always, the eye sees more than the mind can comprehend, and we go through life self-blinded to much that lies before us. We want a simple world, but we live in a magnificently complex one, and rather than open ourselves to it, we perceive the world through filters that make it less daunting.
Habeeb Akande|My mind may be sober, but my confidence is high!
Marcel Proust|Having a body is in itself the greatest threat to the mind... The body encloses the mind in a fortress; before long the mind is besieged on all sides, and in the end the mind has to give itself up.
Ramana Maharshi, The Collected Works of Ramana Maharshi|If the mind falls asleep, awaken it. Then if it starts wandering, make it quiet. If you reach the state where there is neither sleep nor movement of mind, stay still in that, the natural (real) state.
James Allen, As a Man Thinketh|Man's mind may be likened to a garden, which may be intelligently cultivated or allowed to run wild.
Julian Jaynes, The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind|O, what a world of unseen visions and heard silences, this insubstantial country of the mind! What ineffable essences, these touchless rememberings and unshowable reveries! And the privacy of it all! A secret theater of speechless monologue and prevenient counsel, an invisible mansion of all moods, musings, and mysteries, an infinite resort of disappointments and discoveries. A whole kingdom where each of us reigns reclusively alone, questioning what we will, commanding what we can. A hidden hermitage where we may study out the troubled book of what we have done and yet may do. An introcosm that is more myself than anything I can find in a mirror. This consciousness that is myself of selves, that is everything, and yet is nothing at all - what is it?And where did it come from?And why?
António R. Damásio, Looking for Spinoza: Joy, Sorrow, and the Feeling Brain|Leaving out appraisal also would render the biological description of the phenomena of emotion vulnerable to the caricature that emotions without an appraisal phase are meaningless events. It would be more difficult to see how beautiful and amazingly intelligent emotions can be, and how powerfully they can solve problems for us.
Joanna Russ|The trouble with men is that they have limited minds. That's the troublewith women, 
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|If you are ready for the secret, you already possess one half of it,therefore, you will readily recognize the other half the moment it reaches your mind.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Yet there are moments when the walls of the mind grow thin; when nothing is unabsorbed, and I could fancy that we might blow so vast a bubble that the sun might set and rise in it and we might take the blue of midday and the black of midnight and be cast off and escape from here and now.
Byron Katie|Since the beginning of time, people have been trying to change the world so that they can be happy. This hasn’t ever worked, because it approaches the problem backward. What The Work gives us is a way to change the projector—mind—rather than the projected. It’s like when there’s a piece of lint on a projector’s lens. We think there’s a flaw on the screen, and we try to change this person and that person, whomever the flaw appears on next. But it’s futile to try to change the projected images. Once we realize where the lint is, we can clear the lens itself. This is the end of suffering, and the beginning of a little joy in paradise.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|. . . in seclusion, she had secluded herself from a thousand natural and healing influences; that, her mind, brooding solitary, had grown diseased, as all minds do and must and will that reverse the appointed order of their Maker . . .
Graham Greene, Brighton Rock|A brain was only capable of what it could conceive, and it couldn't conceive what it had never experienced
John Henry Newman|A great memory does not make a mind, any more than a dictionary is a piece of literature.
Rodman Philbrick, Freak the Mighty|remembering is a great invention of the mind, and if you try hard enough you can remember anything, whether it really happened or not.
Seneca, The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters|As Lucretius says: 'Thus ever from himself doth each man flee.' But what does he gain if he does not escape from himself? He ever follows himself and weighs upon himself as his own most burdensome companion. And so we ought to understand that what we struggle with is the fault, not of the places, but of ourselves
Anne Lamott, Blue Shoe|Mattie sat at the table, obsessing, orbiting around herself. She was sick of her worried, hostile mind. It would have killed her long before, she felt, if it hadn't needed the transportation.
Geshe Kelsang Gyatso, Transform Your Life: A Blissful Journey|Normally we divide the external world into that which we consider to be good or valuable, bad or worthless, or neither. Most of the time these discriminations are incorrect or have little meaning. For example, our habitual way of categorizing people as friends, enemies, and strangers depending on how they make us feel is both incorrect and a great obstacle to developing impartial love for all living beings. Rather than holding so tightly to our discriminations of the external world, it would be much more beneficial if we learned to discriminate between valuable and worthless states of mind.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|I have set off and found that there is no end to even the simplest journey of the mind. I begin, and straight away a hundred alternative routes present themselves. I choose one, no sooner begin, than a hundred more appear. Every time I try to narrow down my intent I expand it, and yet those straits and canals still lead me to the open sea, and then I realize how vast it all is, this matter of the mind. I am confounded by the shining water and the size of the world.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Keep your innocence and ignorance aside, and expose yourself to dangerous situations, and understand the deeper secrets of life.
John Rogers Searle|Moods are not to be confused with emotions. Moods will dispose you to having an emotion. Certain moods you're more likely to get angry than others, as we all know, but emotion is not the same as mood. Emotions, I think, always have to do with agitated forms of desire. Whenever you're in an emotional state, you have some sort of agitated desire. So, emotions are fairly special -- I am not always in some sort of emotional state or other, but I think I am always in some mood or other.
Eileen Chang|In that little pocket-size world of his, he was the absolute master.
Jack Kerouac, Lonesome Traveler|Thinking of the stars night after night I begin to realize 'The stars are words' and all the innumerable worlds in the Milky Way are words, and so is this world too. And I realize that no matter where I am, whether in a little room full of thought, or in this endless universe of stars and mountains, it’s all in my mind.
W. Timothy Gallwey, The Inner Game of Tennis: The Classic Guide to the Mental Side of Peak Performance|When we plant a rose seed in the earth, we notice that it is small, but we do not criticize it as "rootless and stemless." We treat it as a seed, giving it the water and nourishment required of a seed. When it first shoots up out of the earth, we don't condemn it as immature and underdeveloped; nor do we criticize the buds for not being open when they appear. We stand in wonder at the process taking place and give the plant the care it needs at each stage of its development. The rose is a rose from the time it is a seed to the time it dies. Within it, at all times, it contains its whole potential. It seems to be constantly in the process of change; yet at each state, at each moment, it is perfectly all right as it is.
Stephen King, Rose Madder|The concept of dreaming is known to the waking mind but to the dreamer there is no waking, no real world, no sanity; there is only the screaming bedlam of sleep.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Thinking is computation, I claim, but that does not mean that the computer is a good metaphor for the mind. The mind is a set of modules, but the modules are not encapsulated boxes or circumscribed swatches on the surface of the brain. The organization of our mental modules comes from our genetic program, but that does not mean that there is a gene for every trait or that learning is less important than we used to think. The mind is an adaptation designed by natural selection, but that does not mean that everything we think, feel, and do is biologically adaptive. We evolved from apes, but that does not mean we have the same minds as apes. And the ultimate goal of natural selection is to propagate genes, but that does not mean that the ultimate goal of people is to propagate genes.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|When examining evidence relevant to a given belief, people are inclined to see what they expect to see, and conclude what they expect to conclude. Information that is consistent with our pre-existing beliefs is often accepted at face value, whereas evidence that contradicts them is critically scrutinized and discounted. Our beliefs may thus be less responsive than they should to the implications of new information
Will Lavender, Obedience|What if you were always stuck in one place, your mind spinning and unable to go forward like tires clenched in mud, because the answers wouldn't reveal themselves to you?
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you feel you have to open a particular door, open it, otherwise all your life that door will haunt your mind!
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|Personally, I do not believe the human mind has any limits but those we impose ourselves.
António R. Damásio, Descartes' Error: Emotion, Reason and the Human Brain|The distinction between diseases of "brain" and "mind," between "neurological" problems and "psychological" or "psychiatric" ones, is an unfortunate cultural inheritance that permeates society and medicine. It reflects a basic ignorance of the relation between brain and mind. Diseases of the brain are seen as tragedies visited on people who cannot be blamed for their condition, while diseases of the mind, especially those that affect conduct and emotion, are seen as social inconveniences for which sufferers have much to answer. Individuals are to be blamed for their character flaws, defective emotional modulation, and so on; lack of willpower is supposed to be the primary problem.
John Marsden, A Killing Frost|My survival was up to me. I had nothing and I had no one. What I did have, I told myself, was my mind, my imagination, my memory, my feelings, my spirit. These were important and powerful things.
Robert Jordan, The Fires of Heaven|Juilin," she asked hesitantly, "what were you going to do with the salt and cooking oil? Not exactly," she added more quickly. "Just a general idea." He looked at her for a moment. "I do not know. But they did not, either. That is the trick of it; their minds made up worse then I ever could. I have seen a tough man break when I sent for a basket of figs and some mice.
Emmanuel Mounier, Personalism|The universe is full of men going through the same motions in the same surroundings, but carrying within themselves, and projecting around them, universes as mutually remote as the constellations.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|Preston, I don't think this creature could ever find its way into your head. Quite apart from anything else, it seems pretty crowded and complicated to me.
Ryōkan|When all thoughtsAre exhaustedI slip into the woodsAnd gatherA pile of shepherd's purse.Like the little streamMaking its wayThrough the mossy crevicesI, too, quietlyTurn clear and transparent.
Orson Scott Card, Heartfire|Are you all right, Sir?" asked Hezekiah."Just fighting over old battles in my mind," said John. "It's the problem with age. You have all these rusty arguments, and no quarrel to use them in. My brain is a museum, but alas, I'm the only visitor, and even I am not terribly interested in the displays."Hezekiah laughed, but there was affection in it. "I would love nothing better than to visit there. But I'm afraid I'd be tempted to loot the place, and carry it all away with me.
Luke Dittrich, Patient H.M.: A Story of Memory, Madness, and Family Secrets|Maybe the human brain is an object beyond the reach of metaphor, for the simple reason that it is the only object capable of creating metaphors to describe itself. There really is nothing else like it. The human brain creates the human mind, and then the human mind tries to underhand the human brain, however long it takes and whatever the cost.
António R. Damásio, The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the Making of Consciousness|We use our minds not to discover facts but to hide them. One of things the screen hides most effectively is the body, our own body, by which I mean, the ins and outs of it, its interiors. Like a veil thrown over the skin to secure its modesty, the screen partially removes from the mind the inner states of the body, those that constitute the flow of life as it wanders in the journey of each day. (p.28)
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|In El-harím, there lived a man, a man with yellow eyes.To me, he said, "Beware the whispers, for they whisper lies.Do not wrestle with the demons of the dark,Else upon your mind they'll place a mark;Do not listen to the shadows of the deep,Else they haunt you even when you sleep.
Adam Gopnik|Wit and puns aren't just decor in the mind; they're essential signs that the mind knows it's on, recognizes its own software, can spot the bugs in its own program.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|People will always prefer black-and-white over shades of grey, and so there will always be the temptation to hold overly-simplified beliefs and to hold them with excessive confidence
Edgar D. Mitchell, The Way of the Explorer: An Apollo Astronaut's Journey Through the Material and Mystical Worlds|The desire to live life to its fullest, to acquire more knowledge, to abandon the economic treadmill, are all typical reactions to these experiences in altered states of consciousness. The previous fear of death is typically quelled. If the individual generally remains thereafter in the existential state of awareness, the deep internal feeling of eternity is quite profound and unshakable.
Samael Aun Weor|When the mind stops searching, when it stops wanting refuge, when it no longer goes in search of security, when it no longer craves more books and information, when it ignores even the memory of desire, only then will Love arrive within.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|The momentum of the mind can be vexingly, involuntarily capricious.
Brian Christian, The Most Human Human: What Talking with Computers Teaches Us About What It Means to Be Alive|When I fight off a disease bent on my cellular destruction, when I marvelously distribute energy and collect waste with astonishing alacrity even in my most seemingly fatigued moments, when I slip on ice and gyrate crazily but do not fall, when I unconsciously counter-steer my way into a sharp bicycle turn, taking advantage of physics I do not understand using a technique I am not even aware of using, when I somehow catch the dropped oranges before I know I've dropped them, when my wounds heal in my ignorance, I realize how much bigger I am than I think I am. And how much more important, nine times out of ten, those lower-level processes are to my overall well-being than the higher-level ones that tend to be the ones getting me bent out of shape or making me feel disappointed or proud.
Anton Chekhov|Once a man gets a fixed idea, there's nothing to be done.
Andrew Sean Greer, The Story of a Marriage|How remarkable we are in our ability to hide things from ourselves - our conscious minds only a small portion of our actual minds, jellyfish floating on a vast dark sea of knowing and deciding.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Land of the Blue Flower|If you fill your mind with a beautiful thought, there will be no room in it for an ugly one. - King Amor
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|The future reshapes the memory of the past in the way it recalibrates significance: some episodes are advanced, others lose purchase.
Mary E. Pearson, The Adoration of Jenna Fox|The information. Every bit that of information that was ever in your brain. But the information is not the mind Jenna. That we've never accomplished before. What we've done with you is groundbreaking. We cracked the code. The mind is an energy that the brain produces. Think of a glass ball twirling on your fingertip. If it falls, it shatters into a million pieces. All the parts of a ball are still there, but it will never twirl with that force on your fingertip again. The brain is the same way.
Gautama Buddha|There is nothing so disobedient as an undisciplined mind, and there is nothing so obedient as a disciplined mind.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|It's the mind that sees, not eyes.
Nancy Pearcey|The first step in conforming our intellect to God's truth is to die to our vanity, pride, and craving for respect from colleagues and the public. We must let go of the worldly motivations that drive us, praying to be motivated solely by a genuine desire to submit our minds to God's Word - and then to use that knowledge in service to others.
Orna Ross, After The Rising|If you can't change your mind, you can't change anything.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The skeptic says that the believer has lost his own mind under God. On the contrary, it is the people who follow God who are most like his children, who willingly and consciously walk in his will; but those who oppose him oppose him vainly and at their own expense, and, figuratively, seem to be more like his tools. They don't diminish his glory, but instead he still manages to use them in ways of unconsciously carrying out his will.
S.J. Watson|I step back further, until I feel cold tiles against my back. It is then I get the glimmer that I associate with memory. As my mind tries to settle on it, it flutters away, like ashes caught in a breeze, and I realize that in my life there is a then, a before, though before what I cannot say, and there is a now, and there is nothing between the two but a long, silent emptiness that has led me here, to me and him, in this house.
Saint Vardapet Eghishē|Լաւ է աչքով կոյր ըլլալ՝ քան մտքով:It is preferable to be blind by eyesight, than by mind.
George Orwell, 1984|Always eyes watching you and the voice enveloping you. Asleep or awake, indoors or out of doors, in the bath or bed- no escape. Nothing was your own except the few cubic centimeters in your skull.
Patricia Highsmith, Strangers on a Train|But there were too many points at which the other self could invade the self he wanted to preserve, and there were too many forms of invasion: certain words, sounds, lights, actions his hands or feet performed, and if he did nothing at all, heard and saw nothing, the shouting of some triumphant inner voice that shocked him and cowed him.
Sri Aurobindo, Integral Yoga: Teaching and Method of Practice|It is true that the subliminal in man is the largest part of his nature and has in it the secret of the unseeen dynamisms which explain his surface activities. But the lower vital subconscious which is all that this psycho-analysis of Freud seems to know, - and of that it knows only a few ill-lit corners, - is no more than a restricted and very inferior portion of the subliminal whole... to begin by opening up the lower subconscious, risking to raise up all that is foul or obscure in it, is to go out of one's way to invite trouble.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Perhaps you are just close to what you have been waiting for all along and ideas start formulating in your mind and advising you to "give up". Tell them "not me".
Sri Aurobindo, Integral Yoga: Teaching and Method of Practice|As in all infant sciences, the universal habit of the human mind - to take a partial or local truth, generalise it unduly and try to explain a whole field of nature in its narrow terms - runs riot here (in psychoanalysis). Moreover, the exaggeration of the importance of suppressed sexual complexes is a dangerous falsehood.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you want to be sure of unusual thing such as aliens or UFOs, then you have to think about it from an unusual way of thinking.
Russell Means, Where White Men Fear to Tread: The Autobiography of Russell Means|Golden eagles don`t mate with bald eagles, deer don`t mate with antelope, gray wolves don`t mate with red wolves. Just look at domesticated animals, at mongrel dogs, and mixed breed horses, and you`ll know the Great Mystery didn`t intend them to be that way. We weakened the species and introduced disease by mixing what should be kept seperate. Among humans, intermarriage weakens the respect people have for themselves and for their traditions. It undermines clarity of spirit and mind.
António R. Damásio, Descartes' Error: Emotion, Reason and the Human Brain|The neural basis for the self, as I see it, resides with the continuous reactivation of at least two sets of representations. One set concerns representations of key events in an individual's autobiography, on the basis of which a notion of identity can be reconstructed repeatedly, by partial activation in topologically organized sensory maps. ... In brief, the endless reactivation of updated images about our identity (a combination of memories of the past and of the planned future) constitutes a sizable part of the state of self as I understand it.The second set of representations underlying the neural self consists of the primordial representations of an individual's body ... Of necessity, this encompasses background body states and emotional states. The collective representation of the body constitute the basis for a "concept" of self, much as a collection of representations of shape, size, color, texture, and taste can constitute the basis for the concept of orange.
Jack Addington|Your mind is your kingdom, and there you are ruler
Saint Vardapet Eghishē|Ամբողջ մարմնի կենդանութիւնը հոգին է, իսկ մարմինն ու հոգին կառավարողը՝ միտքն է:The whole essence of the body is the spirit, while the governor of both spirit and body is the mind.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|Emotional baggage,” which is carried over from the past, colors our perceptions. Likewise, past conclusions and beliefs, based on reasoning that may or may not have been accurate, also tint our perception of reality. Retaining our capacity for reason is common sense, but definite conclusions and beliefs keep us from seeing life as it really is at any given moment.Emotional reactions can be unreasonable, and reason can be flawed. It’s difficult to have deep confidence in either one, especially when they’re often at war with each other. But the universal mind exists in the instant, in a moment beyond time, and it sees the universe as it literally is. It’s the universe perceiving itself. It is, moreover, something we can have absolute confidence in, and with that confidence, we can maintain a genuinely positive attitude.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|The lake of my mind, unbroken by oars, heaves placidly and soon sinks into an oily somnolence.’ That will be useful.
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|So that it must be only by the imagination that Satan has access to the soul, to tempt and delude it, or suggest anything to it. And this seems to be the reason why persons that are under the disease of melancholy are commonly so visibly and remarkably subject to the suggestions and temptations of Satan... Innumerable are the ways by which the mind may be led on to all kind of evil thoughts, by the exciting of external ideas in the imagination.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|For desired conclusions, we ask ourselves, "Can I believe this?", but for unpalatable conclusions we ask, "Must I believe this?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|The museums in children’s minds, I think, automatically empty themselves in times of utmost horror—to protect the children from eternal grief.For my own part, though: It would have been catastrophe if I had forgotten my sister at once. I had never told her so, but she was the person I had always written for. She was the secret of whatever artistic unity I had ever achieved. She was the secret of my technique. Any creation which has any wholeness and harmoniousness, I suspect, was made by an artist or inventor with an audience of one in mind.Yes, and she was nice enough, or Nature was nice enough, to allow me to feel her presence for a number of years after she died—to let me go on writing for her. But then she began to fade away, perhaps because she had more important business elsewhere.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|It was as if the main screw in his head, which held his whole life together, had become stripped. The screw would not go in, would not come out, but turned in the same groove without catching hold, and it was impossible to stop turning it.
Bret Easton Ellis, Lunar Park|The reassuring smile was now useless. I was plastic. Everything was veiled. Objectivity, facts, hard information--these were things only in the outline stage. There was nothing tying anything together yet, so the mind built up a defense, and the evidence was restructured, and that was what I tried to do on that morning--to restructure the evidence so it made sense--and that is what I failed at.
Natalie Valdes, NIRVANA|It is said that love does not last, that it is just a momentary spell cast upon your soul by some higher power, or a small trick of the mind. If this were all true, there would be no story to tell.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Birthmark and Other Stories|The mind is in a sad state when Sleep, the all-involving, cannot confine her spectres within the dim region of her sway, but suffers them to break forth, affrighting this actual life with secrets that perchance belong to a deeper one.
David Mitchell, The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet|there're times when i suspect that the mind has a mind of its own. it shows us pictures. pictures of the past and the might-one-day-be. this mind's mind exerts its own will, too, and has its own voice
John Dewey, Art as Experience|Like the soil, mind is fertilized while it lies fallow, until a new burst of bloom ensues.
Meister Eckhart|I may err but I am not a heretic, for the first has to do with the mind and the second with the will!
James Allen|He thinks in secret, and it comes to pass: environment is but a looking glass.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|it seems that once again people engage in a search for evidence that is biased toward confirmation. Asked to assess the similarity of two entities, people pay more attention to the ways in which they are similar than to the ways in which they differ. Asked to assess dissimilarity, they become more concerned with differences than with similarities. In other words, when testing a hypothesis of similarity, people look for evidence of similarity rather than dissimilarity, and when testing a hypothesis of dissimilarity, they do the opposite. The relationship one perceives between two entities, then, can vary with the precise form of the question that is asked
Charles Darwin|But then arises the doubt, can the mind of man, which has, as I fully believe been developed from a mind as low as that possessed by the lowest animal, be trusted when it draws such grand conclusions?
Daniel J. Siegel, The Developing Mind: How Relationships and the Brain Interact to Shape Who We Are|...not all encounters with the world affect the mind equally. Studies have demonstrated that if the brain appraises an event as "meaningful," it will be more likely to be recalled in the future.
Peter Redgrove, The Black Goddess and the Unseen Real: Our Uncommon Senses and Their Common Sense|It is as though we are understanding now what (William) Blake intuited, the senses were, in Eden, spread over the whole being. It might seem, then, that our bodies still live in Eden, but our minds refuse to know it.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I once visited a village of primitive people.At village, I felt time and life moved slower.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Not because we think that it's still about to happen, thus makes our future life as though yet to be exist.Human mind can't yet perceive the nature of future.
Gregory Bassham, The Ultimate Harry Potter and Philosophy: Hogwarts for Muggles|Think of how you feel when you are sick, or how you felt when you were learning to ride your bike. The physical state of your body has a direct effect on how you think about the world, on the state of your mind. I don’t think it would be an exaggeration to say that your body has a direct effect on who you are
Kevin Abdulrahman, The Book on What Ever You're Into: These Are the 52 Timeless Winning Truths You Need to Know to Have a Chance at Winning|The biggest game you will ever play is the game in your mind. Master your mind, master your world.
Kemi Sogunle|What you feed your mind, will lead your life.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|There are always waves on the water. Sometimes they are big, sometimes they are small, and sometimes they are almost imperceptible. The water’s waves are churned up by the winds, which come and go and vary in direction and intensity, just as do the winds of stress and change in our lives, which stir up the waves in our minds.
Jenny  Lawson|It's like I have a sensor in my head, but she works on a seven-second delay... well-meaning, but perpetually about seven seconds too late to actually do anything to stop the horrific avalanche of shit-you-shouldn't- say-out-loud-but-I-just-did.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Let your body work until it is spent, but keep your mind for yourself.
Barbara Hurd, Stirring the Mud: On Swamps, Bogs, and Human Imagination|In a swamp, as in meditation, you begin to glimpse how elusive, how inherently insubstantial, how fleeting our thoughts are, our identities. There is magic in this moist world, in how the mind lets go, slips into sleepy water, circles and nuzzles the banks of palmetto and wild iris, how it seeps across dreams, smears them into the upright world, rots the wood of treasure chests, welcomes the body home.
António R. Damásio|WE ALMOST NEVER think of the present, and when we do, it is only to see what light it throws on our plans for the future.
J.K. Rowling|The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure.
M.T. Anderson, The Kingdom on the Waves|There are some who believe that the mind is a blank tablet, on which experience is writ until the page be full, and the cryptic world is known; but I see rather that my own life hath been one long forgetting, the erasure of what was drawn, a terrible redaction; til all that remains is blank white and comfortless.I know not what we have been; I know not what we are; but I know what we might be.And so I light out for the unknown regions.
John Wyndham|What do you think it is that makes a man"I started on the Definition. He cut me of after five words."It is not!" he said. "A wax figure could have all that, and he'd still be a wax figure, wouldn't he?" ..."Well, then, what makes a man a man is something inside him.""A soul?" I suggested."No... souls are just counters for churches to collect, all the same value, like nails. No, what makes man man is mind; it's not a thing, it's a quality, and minds aren't all the same value; they're better or worse, and the better they are, the more they mean.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|I am in love with what I am doing, because the answer to this problem is right here in my mind, and soon - very soon - it will burst into consciousness.
Walter de la Mare, Great Tales of Terror and the Supernatural|When indeed you positively press your face, so to speak, against the crystalline window of your eyes, your mind is apt to become a perfect vacuum.("Out Of The Deep")
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|The learnin' mind is the livin' mind... an' any sort o' smart is truesome smart, old smart or new, high smart or low.
Mark Millar, Superman: Red Son|We ordinary people might lack your great speed or your X-Ray vision, Superman, but never underestimate the power of the human mind. We carry the most dangerous weapon on Earth inside these thick skulls of ours.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|Each action we take is an act of self-expression. We often think of large-scale or important deeds as being indications of our real selves, but even how we sharpen a pencil can reveal something about our feelings at that moment. Do we sharpen the pencil carefully or nervously so that it doesn’t break? Do we bother to pay attention to what we’re doing? How do we sharpen the same pencil when we’re angry or in a hurry? Is it the same as when we’re calm or unhurried?Even the smallest movement discloses something about the person executing the action because it is the person who’s actually performing the deed. In other words, action doesn’t happen by itself, we make it happen, and in doing so we leave traces of ourselves on the activity. The mind and body are interrelated.
Stephen King, The Long Walk|But there are weak men who can lift cars if their wives are pinned underneath. The brain, Garraty." McVries's voice had dropped to a hoarse whisper. "It isn’t man or God. It’s something...in the brain.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|We humans seem to be extremely good at generating ideas, theories, and explanations that have the ring of plausibility. We may be relatively deficient, however, in evaluating and testing our ideas once they are formed
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|When we do cross paths with people whose beliefs and attitudes conflict with our own, we are rarely challenged.
John C. Eccles, The Wonder of Being Human: Our Brain and Our Mind|We regard promissory materialism as superstition without a rational foundation. The more we discover about the brain, the more clearly do we distinguish between the brain events and the mental phenomena, and the more wonderful do both the brain events and the mental phenomena become. Promissory materialism is simply a religious belief held by dogmatic materialists . . . who often confuse their religion with their science.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|Using the combined, integrated force of the mind and body is more efficient than using one without the other. Since the body can only exist in the present, that’s where the mind should be too (unless we deliberately choose to contemplate the past or future). At the same time, the body needs to be healthy and in optimum operating condition so that it can respond effectively to the mind’s directives.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|How do we distinguish between the legitimate skepticism of those who scoffed at cold fusion, and the stifling dogma of the seventeenthcentury clergymen who, doubting Galileo's claim that the earth was not the center of the solar system, put him under house arrest for the last eight years of his life? In part, the answer lies in the distinction between skepticism and closed-mindedness. Many scientists who were skeptical about cold fusion nevertheless tried to replicate the reported phenomenon in their own labs; Galileo's critics refused to look at the pertinent data.
Gary Davis|Exceed not thy actions, but limit not thy mind.
Ogwo David Emenike|Invariably, we all are 'MIND LORDS'.
Ogwo David Emenike|Mind your mind, soon, you will mine from it.
H.E. Davey|Nakamura Tempu Sensei viewed the mind as a segment of the body that could not be seen and the body as the element of the mind that was observable. He also likened the mind and body to a stream, with the mind as the source flowing down to the body. Whatever we drop in the stream will be carried down by the current. In like manner, our thoughts will influence the body and our well being.
AainaA-Ridtz|A veiled Mind is more enticing than all the nude men lining up the Seine, during Summer.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Don't live in regret! It is such a useless idea.Use the memory to prevent us do bad things!Regret is a childish wish, or an empty hope,trying to revise the bitter memory of the past.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|Now an extraordinary and helpful fact is that by making Mind the object of our attention, not only does the serenity which is its nature begin to well up of its own accord but its steady unchanging character itself helps spontaneously to repel all disturbing thoughts.
Pierre Janet|Martial (the main character of LOCUS SOLUS) has a very interesting conception of literary beauty: the work must contain nothing real, no observations about the world or the mind, nothing but completely imaginary constructions. These are in themselves ideas from an extrahuman world.
Erik Pevernagie|If we make a fly-on-the-wall review of our history and connect the significant scenarios from our memory, we can develop a comprehensive pattern of our identity that throws a whirl of light on the secreted framework of our life. ("Labyrinth of the mind")
Clifford D. Simak, A Choice of Gods|The whole procedure of his thinking, Jason knew, was an imbecilic exercise; there was no compelling reason for him to seek an answer. And yet his mind bored on and on and he could not stop it, hanging with desperation to an impossibility to which it never should have paid attention.
Bert McCoy|Stop feeding the ego food, then it will stop asking for more.
Erik Pevernagie|The day we decide to drop the flimsy makeshift scenarios in our cluttered mind and eschew the ‘alleluias’ of self-importance, life can become genuine, lucid and graceful, like a flow of wellness in the glow of a new morning. ("Words flew away like birds")
Kasie West, Lucky in Love|You need to empty your mind, and relax each other muscle group until you feel like you are going to melt into the floor. Then you just let it all go. All the expectations, all the unneeded worry, all the things other people want for you but you don't want for yourself.
Elizabeth Wein, The Pearl Thief|The wave of memory had submerged me for a whole minute, while I'd just sat staring and let it all come flooding back.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|Mind is basically the beginning of madness. And if you are too much in it, it will drive you mad.Mind has no certainity about anything. If you are betweeen two polarities of the mind,in a limbo--always to do or not to do,you will go crazy. You are crazy! Before it happens,jump out and have a look from outside at the mind.Mind is basically indecisive and awareness is basically decisive.So any act of awareness is total,full without repentance.
Jason T. Rogers, Social, The Power of Relationships|What you envision for the future, out of fear or out of joy, will become reality as the sands of time carve those paths of thought into your mind and soul.
Shelley Peterson, Stagestruck|The mind is a curious thing, Abby. We see what we want to see, we hear what we're hoping to hear. The one thing we all do well is fool ourselves.
Tenzin Wangyal Rinpoche, Awakening the Luminous Mind: Tibetan Meditation for Inner Peace and Joy|I don't think there is anything like the awareness of space to process emotion. That space is such an incredible processor. There is no analysis equal to the processing capacity of open awareness. When you are trying to analyze something, you don't realize that the analyzer itself is part of the problem. Both the problem and the analyzer are constructions of the mind. But direct, open, naked awareness is not a construction of the mind but the nature of the mind itself, and therefore the greatest processor ever.
Marty Rubin|Where our attention goes, our mind and body go, too.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without renewal of mind, there is no transformation.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Her mind is a mess, and she has no intention of cleaning today.
Ramana Pemmaraju|In doing you're not, rather in your non-doing you really are!
M. Black, Exotiqa|You can have all the information on culture in the world–’ Pix continues.'We don’t possess all the information on culture, just three thousand, five hundred and thirty-four petabytes of data on human culture,’ I correct.Pix smiles and finishes, ’…But unless the words become a part of you, you never really understand, do you?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are on my mind, you be in my heart.
Petek Kabakci|For grey matter, there is no black and white. If you think in black and white, then you do not use enough brain functions.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Are you looking for a lighthouse? Let me give you an advice: When you improve your own mind, you become your very own lighthouse!
Petek Kabakci|SENSES, APPEARANCE and ESSENCEThe world we see through our senses are very different than the world we see through our essence. Senses perceive the world of appearance. The first step of perceiving the world of essence is not to have any goal other than to understand. "Understanding" has to be the ultimate goal. Then, we can solve the problems.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Silent our body is a sacred temple, A place to connect with other people. Can't we just stay any younger? Really, we might keep it stronger, Elated, rather than so tilted or feeble!!
Dean Burnett, Idiot Brain: What Your Head Is Really Up To|Sadly, the words "reliable" and "accurate" can rarely be applied to the workings of the brain, particularly for memory.
Henry James, Selected letters|I don't know why we live—the gift of life comes to us from I don't know what source or for what purpose; but I believe we can go on living for the reason that (always of course up to a certain point) life is the most valuable thing we know anything about and it is therefore presumptively a great mistake to surrender it while there is any yet left in the cup. In other words consciousness is an illimitable power, and though at times it may seem to be all consciousness of misery, yet in the way it propagates itself from wave to wave, so that we never cease to feel, though at moments we appear to, try to, pray to, there is something that holds one in one's place, makes it a standpoint in the universe which it is probably good not to forsake. You are right in your consciousness that we are all echoes and reverberations of the same, and you are noble when your interest and pity as to everything that surrounds you, appears to have a sustaining and harmonizing power. Only don't, I beseech you, generalize too much in these sympathies and tendernesses—remember that every life is a special problem which is not yours but another's, and content yourself with the terrible algebra of your own. Don't melt too much into the universe, but be as solid and dense and fixed as you can. We all live together, and those of us who love and know, live so most. We help each other—even unconsciously, each in our own effort, we lighten the effort of others, we contribute to the sum of success, make it possible for others to live. Sorrow comes in great waves—no one can know that better than you—but it rolls over us, and though it may almost smother us it leaves us on the spot and we know that if it is strong we are stronger, inasmuch as it passes and we remain. It wears us, uses us, but we wear it and use it in return; and it is blind, whereas we after a manner see …
Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.|I was a slave to my own darkness, believing in my false created, thought-identified identity so much that it forged what felt like a wasteland of a reality.
Wayne Dougan|When there is no owner, there will be an abuser.
Dean Burnett, Idiot Brain: What Your Head Is Really Up To|Everything you are is a feature of your brain, and as such much of what your brain does is dedicated to making you look and feel as good as possible. ]...] For example by modifying your memories to make you feel better about yourself.
Erik Pevernagie|In the beginning was the word and the word was love and love was imagination. When love takes us through the sun-dappled garden of our imagination, no stalking horses can perturb the rainbow in our mind or fade out its bright colors reflecting in the blue sky of our memory. ("Alpha and Omega")
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|Maybe he wouldn't end up the kind of man who needed to use his body for work. Maybe he'd be a new kind of black man altogether, one who got to use his mind.
Dean Burnett, Idiot Brain: What Your Head Is Really Up To|One of the brain's most prominent skills is the ability to ignore anything that becomes too predictable, no matter how important it may be
Roberto Mangabeira Unger, The Religion of the Future|Our dominant idea about the mind fail to recognise the conflict between the two sides of the mind — the mind as machine and the mind as anti-machine, delighting in its powers of combination and transgression. They fail as well to appreciate the extend to which the relative presence of these two sides of the mind is influenced by the organisation of society and of the culture, with the result that the history of politics is internal to the history of the mind. In these as in many other respects, our beliefs about ourselves resist acknowledging the relation between our context-shaped and our context-transcending identities and powers.
Will Advise|To storm, a mind, it must be balanced,by what can't be it must be challenged...
Anthony T. Hincks|You hear with your ears, but you listen with an open mind.
R. D. Laing|What we call 'normal' is a product of repression, denial, splitting, projection, introjection and other forms of destructive action on experience.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Spend your time with the people who talk about the stars because to whichever place you put your mind in, you will move to that place! Stars pull you to the stars; mud pulls you to the mud!
Mehmet Murat ildan|When your situation seems pathless and hopeless, this happens just because your mind is not talented enough to find a hope and to create a path!
Anthony T. Hincks|A president should be approachable; understanding of people's problems and needs; he should be fair and equitable; he should listen with an open mind and a closed mouth; he shouldn't make a decision without all the facts and above all else, he must be honest to the people.Anything else and he shouldn't be president.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Mediation on the Holy Scriptures, awakens our mind on Christ Jesus.
Erik Pevernagie|If our mind remains freeze-framed by inhibiting and hampering habits, in an ever-changing world, we won’t be able to get rid of that weird feeling of not belonging anywhere and not taking part in authentic life challenges. ("Not on the shortlist")
Erik Pevernagie|When our mental functioning is whittling away and our mind becomes a lame duck, perception does not form the context anymore and all connections on the social chessboard are conked out. Only patience and endurance may draw us out of the quagmire of numbness and allow us to tear open the cloudy screen that is hiding our points of ‘interest’ and ‘attention’, so long as we focus on the ‘singular moments’ and the ‘appealing details’ in our life. Awareness can help us shape a comprehensive picture for a functional future. ("Lost the global story.")
Dada Bhagwan|When anyone can still the minds of five, ten or hundred people, then work can be accomplished. Who can still the mind? It is the one whose own mind is still, he can still the minds of others.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|And he would put his arms around her and hold her, but he had no idea what to tell her. In his mind, Gregor knew how to kill things, not bring them back ti life.
Christina Engela, Space Sucks!|An idea was forming in his mind. It was only rudimentary, but in the circumstances, it could be called a plan. He loathed the alien for attacking them, without any provocation. He hated the way it was smashing up his ship – and all of them – with hardly any effort or regard for life at all. “How’s that message coming?”“Umm – they must be jamming us, sir – I can’t get through.
Garry Kasparov, Deep Thinking: Where Machine Intelligence Ends and Human Creativity Begins|The human mind isn’t a computer; it cannot progress in an orderly fashion down a list of candidate moves and rank them by a score down to the hundredth of a pawn the way a chess machine does. Even the most disciplined human mind wanders in the heat of competition. This is both a weakness and a strength of human cognition. Sometimes these undisciplined wanderings only weaken your analysis. Other times they lead to inspiration, to beautiful or paradoxical moves that were not on your initial list of candidates.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|My body felt like tangled rubber bands and dried-out pens and sticky paper clips, like the contents of a drawer where you put the things you don't have anywhere else to put, and I knew that the mind and body are connected, and that my bodily sensations were just messages from my mind, but I just wished there was a box or a drawer or a hole in the ground where I could put all this, all this mind and body stuff that I didn't know what else to do with.
Madisen Kuhn, Eighteen Years|you clutter my mindthoughts of you, thoughts of me with youthoughts that keep me from restthat ull me to sleep at nightyour words are like butterthey're smooth and they're richand they make the bitter bits better
Madisen Kuhn, Eighteen Years|i love good cries,loud sobs that soak your pillowthat kind that come at the endof a perfect bookyou're gasping for airas droplets of salt water trickle down your cheeksinto the corners of your mouthas your chest rises and fallsand your vision is blurredby the tearsbut your mind is so clear and your every thoughtin that moment feels so meaningfuland important and rightit feels okay to justlet it all outit makes you feel likeyou are free
Erik Pevernagie|Recognizing a problem may help us to understand and solve a problem. Rather than lying down and selling our sound judgment short, let us appeal to the opulent granary of our memory and explore the green pastures lingering in our mind. ("Prêt-à-penser")
Erik Pevernagie|Comes the tipping point in life, when we decide to a ‘stop and search’ and our emotional police bring us to a standstill. This allows us to scan all the little details in the spectrum of our being; scour all fuzzy or cryptic elements that are floating around in our mind and restore the fault lines in the cluttered tale of our life. ("The world was somewhere else")
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|How can I be strong when I do not know my own mind? I am lost.""That's not true. You are not lost. It's just that your own thoughts are being kept from you, or hidden away. But the mind is strong. It survives, even without thought. Even with everything taken away, it holds a seed-- your self. You must believe in your own powers.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you cannot solve your problem, change your position and look at your problem from a different angle with a different mind! Every problem has a hole where you can enter inside and destroy it!
David Amerland, The Sniper Mind: Eliminate Fear, Deal with Uncertainty, and Make Better Decisions|We cannot learn something new and stick to it without a modular approach to application, positive reinforcement and a real change of environment.
Haresh Sippy|Like a battery, the human mind and body must be fully discharged to stretch their capacity.
Katherine McIntyre, Waking for Winter|Since her time in the necromancer’s clutches, she was still recovering lost memories from the quicksand of her mind. They’d drop like nuclear bombs, freezing her at the worst time as visuals which should’ve stayed forever buried bubbled to the surface.
Matt Padwick, Running Contra Diction|Learning to leave his mind in meditation could be compared to snorkelling, which is breathing with his face under water. Which is just wrong!It had taken a lot of time and nagging for his brain to get used to snorkelling, for all those doubts and questions to be overcome - for him to relax and just breathe.Learning to leave his mind in meditation was the same kind of challenge; when there was a gap in his thoughts, when a space opened up, to resist the temptation to immediately fill it up - instead for him to relax and just breathe.
Matt Padwick, Transpose - a self-styled revolution|He kept coming back to the silence. It was so big. And surprising. Even when a donkey brayed somewhere in the same valley - loud, long and loaded with loneliness - it did not change the silence, it enhanced it. Like jewels around a beautiful neck. Ed smiled. You can be at the poshest hotel in the country, on the planet even, but a farmer can still put a lonely donkey in the field next door. In the same way he couldn't control what arose in his mind - or appears in the world around him - but he could give it space.
Sanjo Jendayi|If you love someone...tell them often.If you haven't had time for loved ones... make it.If you've been holding someone hostage through anger...free them & yourself.If someone crosses your mind...reach out. Time waits for no one. Most of us have more time behind us than we do in front of us so live, love, laugh every chance you get. Create memories that outlive you!
Anna Smaill, The Chimes|When you don't grasp something or remember something, I think your mind at last says, "Okay," and part of it accepts this. In the end your mind gets to welcome that deadening. that's what I believe anyway. Half of our memoryloss is by choice.
Brandi Gomez, No War Is Anyone's War|At the time, it seemed everything was falling apart by no reason. My mind was dramatic in its ignorant stage. I knew nothing of what love was, nor the presence of a greater being within myself. Everything seemed overwhelming, and little did I know, I would conquer the voids of this falsity.
Stephen Magnus|Our minds,the future of tomorrow
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Perhaps we should rejoice that people’s emotions aren’t designed for the good of the group. Often the best way to benefit one’s group is to displace, subjugate, or annihilate the group next door. Ants in a colony are closely related, and each is a paragon of unselfishness. That’s why ants are one of the few kinds of animal that wage war and take slaves. When human leaders have manipulated or coerced people into submerging their interests into the group’s, the outcomes are some of the history’s worst atrocities.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|One way or another we are all biased, but still we have the modern cortical capacity to choose whether or not to let the harmful biases dictate our behavior.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Every single human being is neurologically predisposed to be biased in various walks of life. It is biologically impossible to be absolutely free from all biases, nevertheless, the more a person rigorously trains the self to be rational and conscientious, the more that self becomes strong enough to keep the biases in check, never to let them run rampant over the psyche.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|The human brain always concocts biases to aid in the construction of a coherent mental life, exclusively suitable for an individual’s personal needs.
Arthur C. Clarke, Childhood's End|Let us say that you might have become a telepathic cancer, a malignant mentality which in its inevitable dissolution would have poisoned other and greater minds.
Sena Jeter Naslund, Ahab's Wife, or The Star-Gazer|She sat still, I thought, and yet she traveled. And when one stitches, the mind travels, not the way men do, with ax and oxen through the wilderness, but surely our traveling counted too, as motion. And I thought of the patience of the stitches. Writing a book, I thought, which men often do, but women only rarely, has the posture of sewing. One hand leads, and the other hand helps. And books, like quilts, are made, one word at a time, one stitch at a time.
John     Davidson|Gentlemen,” said Earl Lavender, with perfect complacence, “it becomes you to make a charge of madness against me. I told my friend Lord Brumm a little ago that you have no minds, and I am convinced of it. As you are possibly unaware of the fact, I may as well explain to you how you have arrived at this not altogether unenviable condition. In your youth, I judge from the contour of your heads that you thought and imagined as much as the average young man; but since the strongest convictions you ever entertained were that money makes the mare to go, and that cakes and ale are good, you gradually ceased to think until your minds stopped working altogether, and as your brains grew atrophied your livers increased in power. Now, I suppose, you have digestive apparatuses unmatched in proficiency, while your heads, instead of blossoming like an evergreen in a bowpot, have changed into cinerary urns, containing the ashes of your thought and fancy, and rudely carved with half-intelligible hieroglyphics concerning religion and morality, and copy-book mottoes for the conduct of life. You are perfect types; I recognize that, and would not have you other than you are. I merely wish to let you know that I understand you thoroughly, and to give you the means when you come to die of consoling yourselves with the reflection that you were understood and pardoned by at least one fellow-creature. Most men I have been told die miserable because they think everybody has misunderstood them. Rejoice, therefore, for that lot cannot now be yours.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|The mind has got various phases . But all these phases merge and are transformed into one “Atma”—God with forms and attributes, and finally God without forms and attributes.
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|I remember her words to me when I left school: Your mind will be your comfort. It is, sometimes. And sometimes it isn't.
Erik Pevernagie|When our consciousness has become a haven of illusions, our mind may have a hard time to fight the maze in our thinking. Only anchor points from our past and the innocence of our childhood might give back the core of what we are. (“Not without the past”)
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|Only man’s misdirected abstract mind can delude its own desire to know by creating contradicting belief systems using self-contradicting myths, and then make itself believe that these “revealed” belief systems are in fact the only “truths”, Then kill and die FOR them, Instead of saving each other FROM them.
Christina Engela, Prodigal Sun|As a panting Tracy Ferris scrambled into the life-pod, this thought was precisely what was running through her already agitated mind. From the very beginning of their association, she’d had a bad feeling about Brandon Carver. Something about that guy just never seemed to fit. Sure, he was good looking – but so were many of the other out of work space bums hitch-hiking from place to place she’d also had the misfortune to meet.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|Man is a dubious mixture of mind and matter; since the mind unlocks recognition of the eternal to him, while matter pulls him down and binds him to the transitory, he should strive away from the senses and toward the mind if he wishes to elevate his life and give it meaning.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without eliminating the fog in your mind, you won’t be able to see clearly! And how can you eliminate this fog? How can you liberate your mind? Just open your mind to the winds of all ideas!
Sunday Adelaja|It is easier to be a mere performer and not to make serious decisions, to live with an assistance of someone else’s mind and obey someone else’s command when you are a person of victim mentality
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|It’s a general rule – a law of space, as it was a law of the sea in the old days, that ships had to respond to distress calls. Unless of course it places their own lives in danger. Bearing this thought in mind, as you can probably tell by my writing, my fingers are beginning to tremble slightly.
Anupama Garg|Taming attachment,does not mean becoming cold and disinterested. On the contrary, it means learning to have a composed control over our mind through understanding
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|Our “selves”, our “being”, our “ego”, our “soul”, our individuality, our personality, … is only our mind continuously adapting to its environment to insure survival and well-being, working with whatever inherited predispositions (formed by previous generations of minds adapting to their environment) it has to work with.If we could only make our beautiful mind come in contact with the facts, ALL the facts… , we could trust it with the rest, ALL the rest.Our beautiful mind will always do the right thing.Always.The thing is to find the facts. ALL the facts. Not one less.
Iris Murdoch, The Nice and the Good|There are mysterious agencies of the human mind which, like roving gases, travel the world, causing pain and mutilation, without their owners having any full awareness, or even any awareness at all, of the strength and the whereabouts of these exhalations... So it is that we can be terrors to each other, and people in lonely rooms suffer humiliation and even damage because of others in whose consciousness perhaps they scarcely figure at all.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The human mind – a product of the brain – controls our ability to adapt to a hostile or friendly environment. Human beings are composed of fields of energy, some of which forces are positive, and other force fields are negative. We can use constructive reason to penetrate only a limited segment of the human mind, which projects discernible logical thought process. A person’s mind also houses dark areas of reality, the mysterious apparatus that eludes the grasp of human reason. We can never express the truth of a person with a precise lucid principle. A person must travel beyond realism in order to explore every facet of his or her being and live his or her most cherished dreams.
Eraldo Banovac|An idea occurs in the mind, where it is confined and useless. An idea lives when it leaves the mind.
Eraldo Banovac|Inside the human mind, an idea is a mental spark that occurs as a response to the challenge of a train of thought.
Sunday Adelaja|When there is no specific task, the human’s subconscious mind will be in a passive state
If I Wake|The mind does strange things when confronted with sights it doesn’t want to process, sometimes leading to actions that would be deemed inappropriate at any other time
Erik Pevernagie|When our mind is in shambles and we dare to reflect on the story of our life, we may discover, in the stream of our thoughts, the fault line between what we have underfelt and what we have overthought on our way. (“Axel Red”)
Erik Pevernagie|As light splinters into darkness, new thoughts may take over in the mind and allow upbeat views to gain power. Thus and so, thoughtfulness readily opens a blistering sky in the faltering shadow of unawareness. ("Absence of Desire")
Topsy Gift|A small mind can never have a big result, for whatever you cannot see, you cannot have
Margo T. Rose, The Words|My mind is like a little house,My peers break into.They rearrange my furniture,And the cabinets rifle through.They throw things out;They put things in,And erase the writing on the wall,And by the time that they walk out,It's not my mind at all.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Humans are not simply higher than Gods, Gods are mere mystical representations of the humans themselves.
Nicholas Epley, Mindwise: How We Understand What Others Think, Believe, Feel, and Want|Apparently, it can be easy to forget that other people have minds with the same general capacities and experiences as your own. Once seen as lacking the ability to reason, to choose freely, or to feel, a person is considered something less than human.
Mike Klepper|Appearance is irrelevant, perception is irrelevant; what matters is that reality exists and that we are capable of understanding it. This is the absolute key to survival. A man who lives by his mind, lives; a man who ignores his mind, thereby ignoring reality, dies. Simple.
Anonymous|The one thing that we need to escape is our minds, but our minds are the one thing that we cannot escape from.
Kabelo Mabona|The image you create in your mind, is a choice your life will follow.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We are all the products of nature composed with essential elements. Every natural force has an opposite. The components of earth, wind, water, and fire comprise nature. Similar to nature, we contain complementary, contradictory, and counterpoising elements.
Erik Pevernagie|By assembling in our mind all the consequential facts we have lived through and by reviewing, appraising or sometimes idealizing the numerous key points of the past, authenticity may gradually mutate and actuality decay at last. At that point in time we are to experience a maimed factuality. ("Labyrinth of the mind")
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|The self, when confined into the usual wakeful state of consciousness, is human, but when enters into the transcendental state of Absolute Oneness, becomes God. Basically, the human and the God are two sides of the same coin. Or to be more specific, the human self and the God self are both creations of molecules in the human brain.
Sudheer Reddy|I wrestle with my mind, but seldom win.
Saad Shah|In your life, everything revolves around your mind.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Thoughts repeated over time, no matter how incorrect, become consolidated in our minds as beliefs because we’ve repeatedly affirmed them over and over again.
Hui-ssu|By concentration is meant to know that all dharmas (elements of existence), from the very beginning have no nature of their own. They neither come into nor go out of existence. Because they are caused by illusion and imagination, they exist without real existence. They are only the one mind, whose substance admits no differentiation. Those who hold this view can stop the flow of erroneous thought. This is called concentration. (pg. 398, from "A Source Book in Chinese Philosophy," translated and compiled by Wing Tsit-Chan)
Mehmet Murat ildan|The strength of your mind determines the depth of your desperation! The weaker the mind, the deeper the desperation!
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|The question - do we have free will, itself is not appropriate. We should mend our perspective a little, and start asking the question, do we have the freedom of will, based on our experiences?
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|An uninspired mind creates a lack of energy for the body, resulting in a lack of performance filled with excuses.
Amanda Craig, In a Dark Wood|What frightened me most was, I could no longer believe in my own life as a story. Everyone needs a story, a part to play in order to avoid the realization that life is without significance. How else do any of us survive? It’s what makes life bearable, even interesting. When it becomes neither, people say you’ve lost the plot. Or just lost it.
Erik Pevernagie|If we go down the rabbit hole of our unconsciousness and try to unravel the knotty points of our life story we may encounter a bunch of hidden niceties or emotional stowaways. Forgotten details in the windmill of our mind may daintily reveal, where things might have gone wrong. (“I wonder what went wrong.”)
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|But Amarantha rolled her eyes and slouched in her throne. “Shatter him, Rhysand.” She flicked a hand at the High Lord of the Summer Court. “You may do what you want with the body afterward.”The High Lord of the Summer Court bowed—as if he’d been given a gift—and looked to his subject, who had gone still and calm on the floor, hugging his knees. The male faerie was ready—relieved.Rhys slipped a hand out of his pocket, and it dangled at his side. I could have sworn phantom talons flickered there as his fingers curled slightly.“I’m growing bored, Rhysand,” Amarantha said with a sigh, again fiddling with that bone. She hadn’t looked at me once, too focused on her current prey.Rhysand’s fingers curled into a fist.The faerie male’s eyes went wide—then glazed as he slumped to the side in the puddle of his own waste. Blood leaked from his nose, from his ears, pooling on the floor.That fast—that easily, that irrevocably … he was dead.“I said shatter his mind, not his brain,” Amarantha snapped.The crowd murmured around me, stirring. I wanted nothing more than to fade back into it—to crawl back into my cell and burn this from my mind. Tamlin hadn’t flinched—not a muscle. What horrors had he witnessed in his long life if this hadn’t broken that distant expression, that control?Rhysand shrugged, his hand sliding back into his pocket. “Apologies, my queen.” He turned away without being dismissed, and didn’t look at me as he strode for the back of the throne room. I fell into step beside him, reining in my trembling, trying not to think about the body sprawled behind us, or about Clare—still nailed to the wall.The crowd stayed far, far back as we walked through it. “Whore,” some of them softly hissed at him, out of her earshot; “Amarantha’s whore.” But many offered tentative, appreciative smiles and words—“Good that you killed him; good that you killed the traitor.
Emily Witt, Future Sex|The body, I started to learn, was not a secondary entity. The mind contained very few truths that the body withheld. There was little of import in an encounter between two bodies that would fail to be revealed rather quickly. The epistolary run up to the date only rarely revealed the truth of a man's good humor or introversion, his anxiety or social grace. Until the bodies were introduced, seduction was only provisional.
Abhijit Naskar|Mind is everything, there is nothing else as far as your subjective reality is concerned. Everything else outside this subjective reality is irrelevant to biological life.
Abhijit Naskar|Strength and weakness are both mental constructs. Now you choose, what's preferable for you.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The conscious mind and the unconscious mind jointly govern human beings’ desires, thoughts, and behavior, which unified totally in a singular human body houses what we term the self. The conscious mind frequently assist facilitate the agenda of the unconscious mind. Incompatible cravings of the conscious and unconscious mind generate tension and emotional turmoil, which can manifest itself in erratic behavior that produces self-doubt and self-questioning. One of the main conundrums of human beings is that the unconscious mind, which guides important aspects of human behavior and motivation, is virtually unknowable. The power of conscious thought – the ability to rationalize – misleads us into thinking we are primary logical entities, when we live most of our lives by unconsciously scanning external stimuli and reacting to events in real time without conscious reflection.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without being an independent individual, without having an independent mind, you become nothing more than a trivial slave or an obscure shadow!
Eknath Easwaran|The mind is powerful, but it needs something to hold on to so it doesn't wander.
Oscar Bimpong|Whether in Career or Business, those at the top of the ladder use their MIND to make money whilst those at the bottom use their energy and strength.
Kamand Kojouri|If your mind can move mountainsand swallow gods,Why does it worry with helpless yesterdays and unborn tomorrows?If it can vomit starsand walk on split hairs,Why must it follow the samepath to despair?Everyone will tell you:'An orgasm here is just as good.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Every living creature on this planet, has a conscious subjective perspective of the world. Even the plants may seem to us as standing indifferent to the human sufferings, but even they have their own unique mental universe. They have their own way of interacting with the environment.
Roshan Sharma|There are three realities of life. The reality that you hold, as your individual’s perspective, the actual reality, and the ultimate truth, out of which your perspective and the actual reality take place.
Christina Engela, Space Sucks!|Something clicked inside Ortez mind, like the bolt of a door latch being released. Man’s first encounter with sentient alien life was a disaster called the Gimp War in the history books. The aliens simply began an all out onslaught without any warning. Fortunately the Human race proved a little more difficult to dispose of than the aliens thought. The Gimp, or Ruminarii as they were called, were driven off and hadn’t been heard from since. Their origins were still a mystery. This was not a Ruminarii ship, but this encounter might have similar repercussions. And Commander Dayne Ortez aged 26, realized the meaning of this.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When your mind is foggy, all you need is the winds of wisdom!
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|It's as if some bored ethereal being is fiddling with the remote control to his imagination, clicking channel after channel without finding anything to capture his interest for very long.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Memory is the coherence of life, that possesses all your emotions, and ambitions. Without it, your joyous as well as agonizing experiences of life won’t have any significance to you whatsoever.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|You know who you are and what you are capable of, because of your own personal history and the experiences you gained throughout that history.
Roshan Sharma|You begin to understand your personality, your response, and the functions of your body, heart and mind into different situations, events and with different people, with the inward attention.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Observing the medical histories of various neurological syndromes is like observing the fascinating nerve cells of the human brain in action, while they construct what we so proudly call the Human Consciousness. They remind us of the overwhelming aspects of human silliness. They remind us how such a simple natural response of the human Biology, is misinterpreted as the “last surviving mystery” of this planet.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|​As the neurobiology of our species gets more and more complicated, its functional expression, which we call the mind, shall get more vivid and productive.
Akshay Vasu|Behind those happy eyes, you hide a mind that is terribly chaotic and that's what makes you, so beautiful.
Kayla Krantz, Alive at Sunset|No matter what you think of me, I'm part of your thoughts. Even if you hate me, I'll live in your mind forever.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Humans have better wings than birds: Human mind is a perfect wing and with this wing we can fly to some farthermost places no bird can ever dream! Yes, mind is a wing; and when it comes to flying man is the most sophisticated bird on earth!
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are a boat and your lake is frozen, what can you do? You will wait for the spring! We are lucky that we are humans, we don’t have to wait for the spring; we can break the ice if necessary, we can use fire to open our way! Nothing can stop the mind if the mind decides to move to his target!
Belsebuub|Consciousness is who we really are; thoughts, feelings, and emotions are passing and temporary, but consciousness is existence.
Akshay Vasu|I wasn't used to be these weak before. But the day I saw you, it felt like somebody was punching me very hard on my chest. It was hard to breathe, it was hard to sleep. With your name echoing in my mind all the time. Like somebody was singing a song to me, that no one else heard. It was the first time I realised how beautiful it is to be weak.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Stephen Hawking says we will not survive another 1,000 years without escaping beyond our planet. This existence problem can be solved by increasing the number of people with free-minds! Because just like the free birds only the free minds can reach the new horizons!
Abhijit Naskar|The causal, abstract, binary, holistic, and reductionist functions of the human brain all help you to process the enormous amount of information coming into our brain from the external world every day.
Abhijit Naskar|If I ask you, are you conscious right now? You'd go right ahead and tell me - yes. That's because your conscious mind is constructing an awareness in you about everything around you. And underneath that operation of your conscious mind, there are billions of neurons working in proper harmony.
Roshan Sharma|If you can remain aware of your awareness, that is the present state of mind.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Once the powers of the mind are concentrated and turned back upon itself, as the darkest places reveal their secrets before the penetrating rays of the sun, so would the concentrated mind penetrate its own innermost secrets.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|It is much easier to concentrate the mind on external things, than to concentrate on the mind itself. For example, a Neuroscientist can be the smartest man (or woman) on earth in his understanding of the human mind. He may know all the neurochemical changes underlying an outrageous behavior of a person. But when he gets mad himself, very little of his own scientific intellect would actually come in handy for him to control his rage. The virtue of self-control is a skill, which requires practice, regardless of all the neurobiological expertise in the world.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|All human experiences, from the feeling of love, to the presence of God emerge from various brain activity.
Erik Pevernagie|When words remain unspoken and emotions are left unexpressed, just a glint in the eyes from otherness can inflame the mind and rouse a shower of empathy. ("Only needed a light ")
Craig Krishna, The Labyrinth: Rewiring the Nodes in the Maze of your Mind|Meditation has also been proven scientifically to untangle and rewire the neurological pathways in the brain that make up the conditioned personality. Buddhist monks, for example, have had their brains scanned by scientists as they sat still in deep altered states of consciousness invoked by transcendental meditation and the scientists were amazed at what they beheld. The frontal lobes of the monks lit up as bright as the sun! They were in states of peace and happiness the scientists had never seen before. Meditation invokes that which is known in neuroscience as neuroplasticity; which is the loosening of the old nerve cells or hardwiring in the brain, to make space for the new to emerge. Meditation, in this sense, is a fire that burns away the old or conditioned self, in the Bhagavad Gita, this is known as the Yajna;“All karma or effects of actions are completely burned away from the liberated being who, free from attachment, with his physical mind enveloped in wisdom (the higher self), performs the true spiritual fire rite.
Akshay Vasu|Your voice tears me away from the reality that I exist and places my mind somewhere in between the infinity and beyond. Where everything is made of bliss and magic. Sometimes, I am scared of not hearing it again and never being able to get separated from this chaotic reality again.
Roshan Sharma|To observe life is not only to organize your internal and external life, but reach to the state, from where, without any effort, both your internal and external life, moves in synchronization.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|When you are saying "I", it is actually the billions of neurons in your brain collectively expressing their functional existence.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you smile, it means that your mind smiles; when you cry, it means that your mind cries!
Roshan Sharma|Your personal identity very much depends on the experience of the present moment and as the experience changes, your identity too change with it.
Roshan Sharma|Unless you realize yourself beyond the identity of the mind, you cannot become free from life.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|Water and a bubble on it are one and the same. The bubble has its birth in the water, floats on it, and is ultimately resolved into it. Likewise, your consciousness is born in your brain, goes through various states in your lifetime and ultimately resolves into the brain.
Roshan Sharma|Mind is not your brain, but mind is subtle clothing that is spread over your entire physical body and doesn’t limit itself only with the physical part of the brain.
Roshan Sharma|Internal and external world is interdependent. Your experiences and impressions of the outside world shape your thoughts and imagination, while making the choice and decisions, from your internal thought process, creates your physical reality.
Roshan Sharma|The natural laws of life is not an idea but the truth that holds life on existence. Once you realize the truth within, all your problems and queries of life, cease to exist.
Roshan Sharma|Your mind is a magic pot, from which you pick the things, and manifest life out of it. If you don’t tell your mind, your priorities, it will be easier for your mind, to pick anything, to serve you with your life.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|​Consciousness is simple, if you are bold enough to accept it as simple.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Without the harmonious electrochemical activity of all the brain structure, the very thing which we call "mind", would suddenly disappear from the face of earth.
Ayushman Jamwal|It has the elegance of a sword The might of a shield,How you chose to fight or yieldIts your to wield.Identify your mind.Poem: The Beautiful Mindin ‘Chameleon Lights
Adam Oakley|The more you condemn yourself for thinking or feeling a certain way, the more you feel stuck within your own body and mind.What if you went the other way and embraced it so totally that it was as if there was never any alternative experience to be reached for? What happens when the conflict ends?
Abhijit Naskar|In your usual state of consciousness, there is a separate quale experience of everything you observe. But when you transcend into the domain of absolute divinity, all your qualia get mixed up.
Erik Pevernagie|When we feel lost in time, with only shadows of the past living in our mind; when the moment, which “was", no longer "is” and when only silence remains, loads of questions arise. We can cry a river or we may wonder: “What went wrong?
Vironika Tugaleva|The most profound personal growth does not happen while reading a book or meditating. It happens in the throes of conflict, when you are angry, afraid, frustrated. It happens when you are doing the same old thing and you suddenly realize that you have a choice.
Stan Beecham|Your mind can make you sick, and your mind can heal you.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|A positive mind reflects many of the Sun’s characteristics: brightness, nourishment, and vibrance.
Roshan Sharma|Your identity is no more than the memory of your mind, and the time you learn to consciously look into your memories of the past, the first time you realize that nowhere you exist in your mind.
Roshan Sharma, The Reflection of Ultimate Truth|No matter what you accumulate from outside, or what your mind forms inside, it all comes down to the choice you make out of everything that is stored in your mind.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Imagination, abstraction, creativity, and coherence etc are some inherently cognitive and mental elements of architect-wise thinking.
Roshan Sharma|You can only become the observer of life, if you can perceive the world with the mind and not with the sensory organs.
Roshan Sharma|The mind and the spirit can be detached from the physical body in deep meditation. Once the mind and spirit get detached from the physical body, the inner process of life becomes clear to you.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Not every leader is a philosopher, but each leader should cultivate a philosophical mindset.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|A mind is not profound by itself, just like a tree without a root.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|A programmable mind embraces mental agility, to practice “de-learning” and “relearning” all the time.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|One of the most breathtaking concepts in all of Scripture is the revelation that God knows each of us personally and that we are in His mind both day and night. There is simply no way to comprehend the full implications of His love by the King of kings and Lord of lords. He is all-powerful and all-knowing, majestic and holy, from everlasting to everlasting. Why would He care about us—about our needs, our welfare, our fears? We have been discussing situations in which God doesn’t make sense. His concern for us mere mortals is the most inexplicable of all.
Daaji|Still the mind in meditation and you will witness the heart’s signals and its inspired thoughts. For 20 to 30 minutes every day, capture inspired moments of heartfulness.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|It's better not to hold your feelings inside too much and express them to a dear one freely, than to pay thousands of dollars to a psychiatrist for the same outburst of emotions later. Emotions are a bonding mechanism for humans. So, use ‘em, abuse ‘em and utilize ‘em.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|Half-Lieutenant Marsh’k Kluss’ta was not a happy man. Naturally, that didn’t bother him as things were rarely otherwise. As the commanding sub-officer of the Black Sunrise, happiness was not a state of mind expected of him, though in reality – our reality – he was probably not such a bad person. The crew, though terrified of him even under normal circumstances, believed that he had the heart of a little child. (Let’s leave it at that, shall we?)
Deyth Banger|The crime series, books and other types of works have in one in mind... and that's learning.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|At the end of the day, it’s your life. If you turn out good, the world celebrates you and with you (not minding how you achieved it). If bad, they abandon you (even if they gave you the advice that led you to doom). Just be you and follow your heart.
kjforce|I have come to the realization that I have reached the age or mental state of the entering a room with thought in mind syndrome only to find the thought took a turn and went elsewhere...fortunately it wasn't a life or death issue... Sept 24, 2016... — thinking about life
Tanmaya Guru|My mind is sharp, my luck is fast, nothing is impossible for me.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|The brain is the hardware, and the mind is the software, with the totality always in action, hardware plus software.
Maria Erving|Instead of assuming and jumping into conclusions, stop for a moment and think. "Is this really true or am I making it up?".Don't believe your racing thoughts.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Learning is the way to keep your mind flowing, and hence your life flowing
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|An excellence mind pursues perfecting, not perfection.
Jay Woodman|Affirmations: "I love & respect my mind, body, spirit." & "I do what best nurtures all parts of myself." & "I thrive on wholeness." Namaste!
Osho, Zen: The Path of Paradox|Zen is a single step—the journey of one single step. You can call it the last step or the first step, it doesn’t matter. It is the first and it is the last, the alpha and the omega. The whole teaching of Zen consists of only one thing: how to take a jump into nothingness, how to come to the very end of your mind, which is the end of the world.
Akshay Vasu|Of all the places I have been, your mind is the most beautiful place I have ever seen.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mind's ultimate objective is to dominate, be careful where and how you use it!
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|As far as our relation to the physical world, I doubt there will be much more improvement. Our basic survival needs have been met, and much of our current progress is superfluous or downright troublesome. Most advancement is performed out of comfort rather than necessity. What we are lacking, what the world so desperately needs now, is adjustments of the mind. We need to see the world again with fresh eyes, and come to an understanding of who we are as individuals, and what drives us.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|I turned back looking far away not making contact with anyone and I paced to my room with tears in my eyes, solitude in my heart and nuisance in my mind. I locked my door, rested in bed and slept while still desperate.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Every country on Earth needs a progressive Revolution. But these revolutions must come through the Revolutions in the mind, not through Revolutions using Violence!
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|There is a strange intangible place on the outside edges of the human mind. It hangs there like a constant witness. It judges a person's every move, every thought and every action. Some people think it is “big brother” or God, but it is just a critical place inside the person’s own mind that judges and condemns. It is the very place where we judge ourselves when we cross Rainbow Bridge into Heaven.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If everyone took his pen and wrote just anything that came on his mind, we would greatly help researchers to understand how our minds work
Nabil TOUSSI|i see no difference between "past" and "paste", both of them still stuck on my mind.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The metaphysical poetry of our innovative life springs from the aesthetic, scenic, and systematic processes of inventiveness, the creative impulse of an active mind generating aesthetical intuition.
Jay Woodman|Affirmation: What most fulfils & energizes me - mind, body, spirit - is what manifests in my life.
Munia Khan|Bookworms are the most precious worms in the world when they are humans, feeding upon the paper's body with their starving minds.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|The living often don’t appreciate how complicated the world looks when you are dead, because while death frees the mind from the straitjacket of three dimensions it also cuts it away from Time, which is only another dimension. So while the cat that rubbed up against his invisible legs was undoubtedly the same cat that he had seen a few minutes before, it was also quite clearly a tiny kitten and a fat, half-blind old moggy and every stage in between. All at once. Since it had started off small it looked like a white, catshaped carrot, a description that will have to do until people invent proper four-dimensional adjectives.
Thomas Bernhard, Gehen|When we imagine ourselves to be in a state of mind, no matter what, we are in that state of mind, and thus in that state of illness which we imagine ourselves to be in, in every state that we imagine ourselves in.
R.D. Laing, The Divided Self: An Existential Study in Sanity and Madness|The term schizoid refers to an individual the totality of whose experience is split in two main ways: in the first place, there is a rent in his relation with his world and, in the second, there is a disruption of his relation with himself. Such a person is not able to experience himself 'together with' others or 'at home in' the world, but, on the contrary, he experiences himself in despairing aloneness and isolation; moreover, he does not experience himself as a complete person but rather as 'split' in various ways, perhaps as a mind more or less tenuously linked to a body, as two or more selves, and so on.
Erik Pevernagie|When the brain becomes too tired, the mind stops decrypting the perceptions in our mental world and surrenders willingly to the unguarded moments of life.For some time, the safeguards of our thinking pattern weaken and discontinue the decoding of the chips of daily reality.The mind picks the instants which are above suspicion, pure and innocent. ("Uber alle Gipfeln ist Ruh" )
Taranpreet Singh|Positivity of Life and Negativity of Mind cannot exist together. The more you keep on adapting the positivity into your mind, the more beautiful your world will become.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Life presents innumerable possibilities for love, friendship, compassion, and self-fulfillment, but we must be willing to give in order to receive. Persistence, sacrifice, a quest for knowledge, along with acquaintance with our true self is essential in order to achieve our dreams. Panic, fear, worry, doubt, anger, and a negative attitude are the biggest impediments to self-realization. The most important battle we undertake in life is not with other people; rather it takes place in the human mind.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|No matter what it is, if you don’t move your eyes and set the pace yourself, your intellect is sentenced to death. The mind, you see, is like a muscle. For it to remain agile and strong, it must work. Television rules that out.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Your real secret hiding place is not a dark cave, it is not a dusky forest, it is not a desolate house in the middle of nowhere but your real secret hiding place is always your own mind! Every person ultimately hides himself over there, in his own mind!
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|The word is like a seed, and the human mind is so fertile, but only for those kinds of seeds it is prepared for.
Bodhidharma, The Zen Teaching of Bodhidharma|A Buddha doesn’t observe precepts. A Buddha doesn’t do good or evil. A Buddha isn’t energetic or lazy. A Buddha is someone who does nothing, someone who can’t even focus his mind on a Buddha. A Buddha isn’t a Buddha. Don’t think about Buddhas.
Deyth Banger|Probably in your mind your shit is wise, but so far what I hear for me doesn't sound as a wise.
Mark Kingwell, Measure Yourself Against the Earth: Essays|Anywhere - and, it follows, nowhere - can be a place. As long as we are there, to think and talk, to listen and respond. The world, once conscious of itself in the form of human making, is a vast concert hall. What sounds there is not the divine music of celestial spheres, as the ancient Greek mathematicians believed, but the sound of one human after another issuing the daily plea: to be heard, to be understood, to be accommodated.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|To have been possessed by something so awful and so alien, and then the next morning wake up from it, remember what happened, and realize what I had done, with a clear mind and all my essential moral and ethical feelings intact at that moment, [I was] absolutely horrified that I was capable of doing something like that.
James Kennedy, Swarm Intelligence|More importantly, it is difficult to study minds because we are mental beings. We have our own minds to maintain and protect, and may not wish to discover facts that force us to change, or make us question our own being in the world, or conflict with our sense of right and wrong. We have not discussed belief systems known as religions to any extent in this book. However, particularly threatening are facts that run counter to ourreligious beliefs, especially if those beliefs are strongly held. Further, scientists have hopes, standards, and ethical beliefs, and they—like anybody—are not eager to find that their beliefs are invalid.
Jay Kristoff, Nevernight|Your mind will serve you better than any trinket under the suns...It is a weapon...and like any weapon, you need practice to be any good at wielding it.
Erik Pevernagie|Since we live in a world of appearances, people are judged by what they seem to be. If the mind can't read the predictable features, it reacts with alarm or aversion. Faces which don’t fit in the picture are socially banned. An ugly countenance, a hideous outlook can be considered as a crime and criminals must be inexorably discarded from society. ( "Ugly mug offense" )
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We use the mind to create ourselves. Stuck amid the inevitable gaps between the mint of imagination and the postholes of actuality, we stutter step through the stratum of objective and subjective reality. We constantly amend our internal mental maps. Each day we awaken from the nighttime dream world with a revised identity of ourselves.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|You have a brain and mind of your own. Use it, and reach your own decisions.
Mike Bond, Killing Maine|Though at opposite ends of our country, Maine and Hawaii are, other than climate, much alike. Places where you say who you are, be who you are, keep your word, and don't cheat or lie to take advantage of each other. Where you protect other folks because they are your tribe.
David F. Porteous, Singular|I think I think, therefore I think I probably am.
Evan Thompson, Mind in Life: Biology, Phenomenology, and the Sciences of Mind|To exist as an individual means not simply to be numerically distinct from other things but to be a self-pole in a dynamic relationship with alterity, with what is other, with the world.
Padma Viswanathan, The Ever After of Ashwin Rao|We can never know more than the mind can assimilate and process, nor can we discuss any aspect of the world for which there is no language.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mind is like an archaeologist, it can only dissect and research dead things, events on how, when, where & why. It can never be on the NOW. Only BEING is capable to be in the NOW and EXPERIENCE!
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|The desire for sexual expression is inborn and natural. The desire cannot, and should not be submerged or eliminated. But it should be given an outlet through forms of expression which enrich the body, mind, and spirit of man.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|The mind can atrophy, like the muscles, if it is not used.
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|He who has a true idea simultaneously knows that he has a true idea, and cannot doubt of the truth of the thing perceived.
Criss Jami|Much like humans, opinions come in all shapes and forms, but in the end, they are just what they are; and may yet still be categorized in nature. The first you might say is the Indoctrinal, which is, of course, dictated by community and necessity, by the human need for acceptance; secondly, there is the Personal, and this is often dictated by individuality, by the yearning to seem interesting and intelligent, or free, or special; and lastly comes the Emotional. This is most commonly dictated by circumstance and bitterness and excitement. However, rarely do we find the case in which any of these are dictated by reason in the pure state: it is by this we see that at the core of a number of false opinions lies not always misinformation but quite often some issue of the human self.
Gabriella Jording|Depression isn't a condition, it's a state of mind.
William James, The Principles of Psychology|The mind is at every stage a theater of simultaneous possibilities. Consciousness consists in the comparison of these with each other, the selection of some, and the suppression of the rest by the reinforcing and inhibiting agency of attention. The highest and most elaborated mental products are filtered from the data chosen by the faculty next beneath, out of the mass offered by the faculty below that, which mass in turn was sifted from a still larger amount of yet simpler material, and so on. The mind, in short, works on the data it receives very much as a sculptor works on his block of stone. In a sense the statue stood there from eternity. But there were a thousand different ones beside it, and the sculptor alone is to thank for having extricated this one from the rest. Just so the world of each of us, how so ever different our several views of it may be, all lay embedded in the primordial chaos of sensations, which gave the mere matter to the thought of all of us indifferently. We may, if we like, by our reasonings unwind things back to that black and jointless continuity of space and moving clouds of swarming atoms which science calls the only real world. But all the while the world we feel and live in will be that which our ancestors and we, by slowly cumulative strokes of choice, have extricated out of this, like sculptors, by simply removing portions of the given stuff. Other sculptors, other statues from the same stone! Other minds, other worlds from the same monotonous and inexpressive chaos! Your world is but one in a million alike embedded, alike real to those who may abstract them. How different must be the worlds in the consciousness of ant, cuttlefish, or crab!
Michael Smith, The Present|When you see the truth for the first time, it is what people call a peak moment, or a moment of clarity. You get a larger percentage of what each moment of life actually contains; you are filled with life. Your mind is the gatekeeper of life, and sometimes it lets a little true life in, but most of the time it does not.Without the mind blocking life, you receive all of life, true life, and reflect it all back out.Seeing Niagara Falls or the Grand Canyon for the first time is a peak moment for most people. Why does it make you feel so alive? Nothing really happens to you. Why doesn’t it feel as good the second time you see it? You are seeing the same thing. The reason is, your mind opens up when something is special.The truth is, every moment of life is special, and you can be completely open to life most of the time. You have to see the truth to see true life.
David Michie, Mindfulness Is Better Than Chocolate: A Practical Guide to Enhanced Focus and Lasting Happiness in a World of Distractions|When we understand the true nature of mind, we start to see these thoughts merely as thoughts instead of engaging with them. They arise, abide, and pass. They have no substance and certainly no power unless we git it to them.
Goitsemang Mvula|To aspire is to go back to the start of the journey when you're one lap away from the finish line, we have to begin with the end in mind and dig for for the opium goals.
Erik Pevernagie|Some details in life may look insignificant but appear to be vital leitmotifs in a person's life. They may have the value of "Rosebuds" of Citizen Kane or "Madeleine cookies" of Marcel Proust or "Strawberry fields" of the Beatles. People regularly walk down the memory lane of their early youth. The paper boats of their childhood are recurrently floating on the waves of their mind and bring back the mood and the spirit of the early days. They enable us to retreat from the trivial, daily worries and can generate delightful bliss and true joy in a sometimes frantic and chaotic life. ("Paper boats forever" )
Elmar Hussein|Not all minds can hold science so easily. Most of what you can find inside various minds have no or weak connection with science; they are only values. If your mind takes any idea for guaranteed before its empirical investigation, or if you cannot criticize or make any assumption that your hypothesis related to it can be false, as well as true, it means you don’t do science, your mind rather shares some ideological, historical, religious or ethical values. No politics, ethics, history, religion, etc. is a science in strict sense of term. All of them engage in manipulation of brains in different ways. That is why any strong political, ethical, historical, religious bias would make your so-called ‘scientific mind’ weak. Although it is true that not all questions can be answered using scientific approaches, the formation of values inside your mind should substantially be up to you — your critical thinking and doubting intuition.
Ragesh Nair|Quotes are just words, meaning is created by mind.
Joseph Goldstein|When the momentum of mindfulness is well developed, it works like a boomerang; even if we want to distract ourselves, the mind naturally rebounds to a state of awareness.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|The more you think, the less you imagine. The less you imagine, the less you create.
Abhijit Naskar|Neuron is to Consciousness, what D.N.A. is to Life. Thus, Biology of Mind is to the twenty-first century, what Biology of Life was to the twentieth century.
Deyth Banger|Here is one fact to blow your mind, the fact it's "to blow your Mind"...
Lance Weller, Wilderness|How the mind works, by what strange paths it pursues memory.
Natalie Goldberg|Once you connect with your mind, you are who you are and you’re free.
George Makari, Soul Machine: The Invention of the Modern Mind|Unlike any other empirical object in Nature, the mind's presence is immediately apparent to itself, but opaque to all external observers.
Prinx Maurice|Each time I see a happy face, I see two beautiful minds: the creator and the receiver of happiness. Happiness is not produced or received by non-beautiful minds. A sadistic soul cannot conceive, produce or receive happiness. It is strange to these kinds.
Arthur Conan Doyle|(...) My mind is like a racing engine, tearing itself to pieces because it is not connected up with the work for which it was built.
Bruce Lee|Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless, like water. Be water, my friend.
Catherine Cookson, The Black Candle|And, like the prodigal son, he had returned broken in body and also in mind to the house where he had been born, and he and his child had been welcomed with open arms.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Minds need the unusual, because the unusual has the power to shake the mind!
Otto Frank|There are no walls, no bolts, no locks that anyone can put on your mind.
Jim Woodring, Jim|I don't trust my mind for everyday thinking, but I am convinced that it has one very great function, which is to eventually make me aware of astounding things.
Jane Austin|Where there is a real superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation.
Pat Schneider, How the Light Gets in: Writing as a Spiritual Practice|I go fishing in my mind. I put out bait, the bait of my own longing, my desire, and my hunger for connection, for a tug of something alive at the end of a line. Something that I may have to struggle with to pull in, but that will be wild and important to me, whether I keep it or let it go.
Samuel Johnson, The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia|Distance has the same effect on the mind as on the eye, and while we glide along the stream of time, whatever we leave behind us is always lessening, and that which we approach increasing in magnitude.
Abhijit Naskar, Biopsy of Religions: Neuroanalysis Towards Universal Tolerance|There was no conflict between science and religion ever. The conflicts were actually between two different systems of human understanding – one was science, which was based on rigorous observations and examinations, and the other was fundamentalism, that’s based on undisputed belief on the scriptures.
Abhijit Naskar, Homo: A Brief History of Consciousness|in simple terms, what you perceive as real, is actually a neurological reconstruction or simulation of the actual real thing. It’s not as simple as saying, we see as it is. Actually we do not ever see as it is.
NOT A BOOK|You can achieve in your life more power and wealth, health and happiness through telling you connect strongly your subconscious mind and out of the place is it required to possess this power you already have, but you need to learn how to use them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Wherever wind visits, there it freshens the air; wherever wisdom visits, there it freshens the mind!
Abhijit Naskar, Love Sutra: The Neuroscientific Manual of Love|Throughout the lifetime, the entire neurobiology of a human being goes through relentless perplexing transformations. These sexually dimorphic neurobiological changes create a person’s personality. These unique makeovers of the male and female biology hold the key to a sustainable romantic relationship.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whatever you have in your mind, it always carries the potential to come into existence in the world of reality!
Abhijit Naskar, Homo: A Brief History of Consciousness|The complex organic device that creates and thereafter drives consciousness, is the human brain. Consciousness evolved hand in hand with the evolution of the human brain throughout a time span of six million years.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|Memorizing facts and then regurgitating them into carefully crafted words is not science people. It’s intellectual bulimia. Real science happens when we explore what we don’t know. The first law of understanding the human brain and the mind within, is to be an explorer.
Deyth Banger|Who can be your killer or who can kill you and how they react??Nice question, I just look as a killer, so here is how it goes a killer can be everyone he probably can want to kill you, then somebody kill him and then this person wants to kill you... Isn't it a reverse???Mind Hunters is a film about reverse, if you wanna check out this film!?The killers are silent and react fact, think double, think in such way that to be caged... awesome isn't it??
Abhijit Naskar, Biopsy of Religions: Neuroanalysis Towards Universal Tolerance|I don’t make any pretence of knowing about the existence of a Supreme Entity, neither do I make any attempt to create any friction among religions. If anything, I have spared myself no pains in my endeavor to smoothen the ongoing friction among all religions of the world.
Trilby D. Johnson, A-Ha Moments: Inspirational Quotes to Shift Your Thinking|Most of the time, your body is way ahead of your mind.
Erik Pevernagie|A fleeting moment can become an eternity. From a past encounter everything may disappear in the dungeon of forgetfulness. A few furtive flashes or innocent twinkles can survive, though. Some immaterial details may remain marked in our memory, forever. A significant look, a salient colour or a unforeseen gesture may abide, indelibly engraved in our mind. ( "Girl in blue" )
Mehmet Murat ildan|If your mind is loaded with many burdens, you will not feel yourself empty even in an empty place!
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|the mind is strong. It survives, even without thought. Even with everything taken away, it holds a seed--your self. You must believe in your own powers.
Adam Scythe, Immortals|You know, voices can't hurt you if you don't listen to them.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Positive mind, positive life.
Vironika Tugaleva|No one sees your strength, do they? No one sees the silent battle you fight against your overprotective mind that’s trying to keep you safe from harm by keeping you safe from risk, safe from connection, safe from honesty. Maybe others don’t see, but you see it sometimes, don’t you? In the mirror, in those eyes, begging for someone to notice. You have noticed. It is real. You are strong. You are fighting for something incredible. Don’t let anyone convince you otherwise—especially not your thoughts.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|Every time I go to sleep, I know I may never wake up. How could anyone expect to? You drop your tiny, helpless mind into a bottomless well, crossing your fingers and hoping that when you pull it out on its flimsy fishing wire it hasn't been gnawed to bones by the beasts below. Hoping you pull up anything at all.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Though her body fit with his like a puzzle piece, his mind was an ever-shifting riddle she felt she could study her whole life and never fully solve. She spent the most time touching him, caressing him, massaging the secrets from his shoulders and embarrassments from his lower back.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To be able to see a magic, you need to have a mind that can detect that magic!
Alexander R. Luria|A man does not consist of memory alone. He has feeling, will, sensibility, and moral being.
Chetan M. Kumbhar, Panasu The Golden City & The Capasstars|There will be this colossal moment in your life when you'll rampage all your mind disturbers and pin that one moment forever. Don't crave or pray for that moment though. Go out and strive hard, believe. Focus and be aware for the moment will just pass by. If you catch it, you are colossal.
Ron Baratono|I think we all keep irritating situations in our head to long, until we finally realize it’s taking up valuable space.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Your mind is your guide! With a clever mind, you will have a life full of light! Improve your mind, improve your real savior!
David Deida|Limited money and family obligations have never stopped a man who really wanted to do something, although they provide excuses for a man who is not really up to the creative challenge in the first place. Find out today whether you are willing to do what it takes.
Ken Liu, The Paper Menagerie and Other Stories|Who can say if the thoughts you have in your mind as you read these words are the same thoughts I had in my mind as I typed them? We are different, you and I, and the qualia of our consciousnesses are as divergent as two stars at the ends of the universe.And yet, whatever has been lost in translation in the long journey of my thoughts through the maze of civilization to your mind, I think you do understand me, and you think you do understand me. Our minds managed to touch, if but briefly and imperfectly.Does that thought not make the universe seem just a bit kinder, a bit brighter, a bit warmer and more human?We live for such miracles.
Aditya Ajmera|It's very simple. Liars initiate, haters carry forward, fools spread, idiots believe and mindful void.
William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying|Yet the motion of the saw has not faltered, as though it and the arm functioned in a tranquil conviction that rain was an illusion of the mind.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|I felt a Cleaving in my Mind—As if my Brain had split—I tried to match it—Seam by Seam—But could not make it fit.The thought behind, I strove to joinUnto the thought before—But Sequence ravelled out of SoundLike Balls—upon a Floor.
Hiroshi Sakurazaka, All You Need Is Kill 2|If I lived, she died, and I'd never find someone like her again. If she lived, I would have to die. No matter how many times I ran it through my head, there didn't seem to be another way out. One of us had to die and Rita didn't want to talk it through. She was going to let our skill decide.
Aditya Ajmera|When I am away, I am with it. When I am with it, I am away.
Aditya Ajmera|The mind which is reluctant to change or alter is "ME and I". The mind which is ready to get empty and altered is "BUDDHA".
Diane Setterfield|The imagination is a healthy thing, and a great many scientific discoveries could not have been made without it, but it need to be harnessed to some serious object if it is to come to anything.
Toni Sorenson|Your brain processes a thought while your mind creates and cultivates not only your thoughts, but also the knowledge and experiences you gain.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|I can’t tell you what’s in all of God’s plans, but I do know part of them. He empowers you with reason and will. Those are your strengths. That’s what gives you the chance to be great in his sight. He gave you a mind and codes to live by so you could be in charge of your own actions.
Toni Sorenson|The brain is a material thing, something you can hold in your hands. The mind is an immaterial thing, something only the Universe can hold.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Learn to live in the heart’s conscious, not the mind’s.
Sebastian Marincolo|A marijuana high can enhance core human mental abilities. It can help you to focus, to remember, to see new patterns, to imagine, to be creative, to introspect, to empathically understand others, and to come to deep insights. If you don’t find this amazing you have lost your sense of wonder. Which, by the way, is something a high can bring back, too.
Fredric Brown, Letter to a Phoenix|Fortunately, I have forgotten most of the things that have happened to me. Fortunately, the mind has a limited capacity for remembering. It would be horrible if I remembered the details of a hundred and eighty thousand years—the details of four thousand lifetimes that I have lived since the first great atomic war.
Brian Castner, The Long Walk: A Story of War and the Life That Follows|The Crazy feeling builds and builds. It never stops, it never ends, there is no relief.
Dada Bhagwan|The mind and the chit are discharging and the world has believed them to be ‘charge’. That is why they attempt to still the mind and the chit, but that is not possible.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Change your mind, change your life.
Anonymous|Arguing with one's self is beneficial.Out of all the million voices in my head screaming for your death, you're lucky I heeded the one that wants to spare you this time.
Erik Pevernagie|We may wonder what is going on in the back of the mind and what betides in the mood of some people who live on the edge of isolation and emotional poverty. They belong to life’s outcasts: deserted by affection, deprived of physical or lingual contact and finally reduced to silence. ("Why didn't he ask ? ")
Erik Pevernagie|Material and technical changes are mostly quite visible. But less visible are the changes in the mind of the people, their way of thinking, their conception of the world and the quality of their fears. ("Horizon and Vision" )
Amit Ray, Beautify your Breath - Beautify your Life|When life is foggy, path is unclear and mind is dull, remember your breath. It has the power to give you the peace. It has the power to resolve the unsolved equations of life.
Ray Kurzweil|The intelligence we will create from the reverse-engineering of the brain will have access to its own source code and will be able to rapidly improve itself in an accelerating iterative design cycle. Although there is considerable plasticity in the biological human brain, as we have seen, it does have a relatively fixed architecture, which cannot be significantly modified, as well as a limited capacity. We are unable to increase its 300 million pattern recognizers to, say, 400 million unless we do so nonbiologically. Once we can achieve that, there will be no reason to stop at a particular level of capability. We can go on to make it a billion pattern recognizers, or a trillion.
Debasish Mridha|The mind is a miraculous mirror through which we see the world, but it can also see from within.
Andy Lane|Your mind is like a spinnin’ wheel, rotatin’ endlessly and pointlessly until threads are fed in, when it starts producing yarn. Information is the foundation to all rational thought. Seek it out. Collect it assiduously. Stock the lumber yard of your mind with as many facts as you can fit in there. Do not attempt to distinguish between important facts and trivial facts: they are all potentially important
Goitsemang Mvula|Some people are so talented that they have the millions that they are chasing for within, blinded by the chase.
Dada Bhagwan|If one’s mind becomes conflict-free, that is ‘moksha’; conflict filled mind, that is worldly life.
Dada Bhagwan|No difficulty can come to you (your way). If the mind wavers, difficulty will embrace you! That is all, the law of the universe is just this.
Dawna Markova, I Will Not Die an Unlived Life: Reclaiming Purpose and Passion|My journal has become a paper mirror, a topographic map to my mind. It is where I go to sort out confusion and decipher the invisible.
Debasish Mridha|Human life is a great story written by the mysterious, mystical and magical human mind.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To see the universe clearly, you need not only a clear sky but also a clear mind!
Ashish Patel|Mind is greedy. When you sense the benefits with people who previously thought rubbish about you, the mind forgoes those thoughts and inclines toward those people only to gain optimal benefits.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What does repentance mean? It means to change—to change your mind, change the way that you’re living—and to determine that with God’s help you will live for Christ.
L.H.|Belief in a false reality about another person first manifests in the creators mind by making everything look like proof, then manifests in other people to become reality. Unless noticed.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|One of the most valuable gifts that a person can give (or receive) is a productive mentality. It is with a productive mentality that people change their lives for the better, in ways profound.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|To achieve something, action is needed; but thoughtful and calculated action is better.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want to go to a far and difficult place, firstly send your mind to that far place, then your mind will meet with your body over there!
Michio Kaku, The Future of the Mind: The Scientific Quest to Understand, Enhance, and Empower the Mind|Maybe somewhere telepaths walked the Earth, but I wasn't one of them. In the process, I began to realize that the wondrous exploits of telepaths were probably impossible--at least without outside assistance. But in the years that followed, I also slowly learned another lesson: to fathom the greatest secrets in the universe, one did not need telepathic or superhuman abilities. One just had to have an open, determined, and curious mind. In particular, in order to understand whether the fantastic devices of science fiction are possible, you have to immerse yourself in advanced physics. To understand the precise point when the possible becomes the impossible, you have to appreciate and understand the laws of physics.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Reality Check: A Collection of Poems|Thoughts can be such slippery things sometimes,Very hard to handle.But to a well-trained mind,They are easy to bind
Mary Kate|My mind is like clay, but thank goodness God knows how to mold it!
Ramana Pemmaraju|One has to understand that THINKING and WORRYING are polar opposites, though functioning from same source MIND. While THINKING, is a life-affirmative phenomenon which promotes positivity, hope and motivates the soul to reach higher sphere of life. WORRYING, solely makes one more vulnerable to restlessness & depression driving into life-negative state.
Matthew Donnelly|The moment that we are aware of our thoughts we are present. It takes no-mind to recognize our thoughts because mind and no-mind can not co-existPresence and Mind can not co-exist. So therefor presence, thought awareness and no-mind are one.
Mamur Mustapha|The imaginary fortress in your head you seek refuge in; never has, & never will protect your physical being from harm.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The mind, the body and the soul enfolds in divinity of spirit.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|How can we expect to be happy when we have no peace of mind, when our mind is constantly jumping from the present to the past? When your mind is constantly running and filled with anxiety and fear, where is the freedom? You are stuck in the prison of your mind, stuck in thoughts and feelings from yesterday, from five years ago. There comes a time when everyone has to stop, look deep, breathe and let go.
Inazo Nitobe, Bushido: The Soul of Japan. A Classic Essay on Samurai Ethics|Read Hearn, the most eloquent and truthful interpreter of the Japanese mind, and you see the working of that mind to be an example of the working of Bushido.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Of all the things in the world, I'm particularly amazed at, is the conviction with which the MIND, endorses an Idea, which is phenomenal, as it differentiates the Genius from Mediocre, or not to forget the human stupidity in particular!
Renee Cefalu|What goes on in our head solely determines the level at which we function in society, our physical health, and the degree of our mental and emotional stability and maturity.
Renee Cefalu|There is a powerful misconception of what goes on in our heads is connected with who we are. Holding on to the" belief” that we are our minds, perpetuates the continual human suffering. Believing our mind is who we are, strengthens the illusion that we have no control over our thinking, our emotions, or our perceived realities.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Reality Check: A Collection of Poems|Thoughts have the power,To change how you perceive the world around you,To inflict worry, or make peace abound too.
Jennifer Arnett, Day One: A Novella|The mind is weak, and it must be mastered, controlled. The body, it knows no master save for instinct and, unfortunately, it is built for terminal suffering.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|When you read a book and its words agree with what you think, your view of the world or your feelings at the time, you discover that there are people out there that think like you. That takes away a feeling of loneliness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the weather is summer in your mind, even the coldest winter will be hot for you! If the weather is winter in your mind, even the hottest summer will be cold for you!
Lynn Frances, C, You Can Do It!: Because Life Is Change; Growth Is Optional|First Proverbs quote in "C, You Can Do It!" - 'What dainty morsels rumors are--but they sink deep into one's heart.'Proverbs 26:22
Erik Pevernagie|All incidents which we experience are warily interpreted and translated in the dark chamber of our mind. They inspire us how to behave, how to think, how to act and prompt our predilections and our way of visualizing the world. The mind opens itself then to welcome the enchantments of life or to tear up destructive thinking patterns. The brain becomes truly a precious resilient partner. ( "Camera obscura of the mind" )
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Living in the Moment - Living in the Breath|Mindfulness is not the path of chasing. It is the path of beautification. When flowers blossom, the fragrance spreads, and the bees come.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Living in the Moment - Living in the Breath|Mind is like a net, drawn by the needles of past and future. Mindfulness is the way for not getting stuck into that net.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Living in the Moment - Living in the Breath|Mindfulness is not a mechanical process. It is developing a very gentle, kind, and creative awareness to the present moment.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Everyone’s mind has sort of a slum division—a flirtatious spot that doesn’t give a hoot about how grave a situation is but constantly endeavors to derail more earnest thoughts, almost like a death-wish backseat driver.
Vironika Tugaleva|When you have any sort of intense emotional reaction, you have a choice: look for proof that you should feel it even deeper or look for the thought process that is triggering the emotion. One takes you on a downwards spiral, while the other upwards. One breeds toxic patterns, the other awareness. The choice is yours.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|It’s easy to put the links between the increases in mental illness, depression, ADHD, and the like, with the speed of the modern world. People never get the chance to do nothing, or when they do, they lack the control to prevent their mind from racing off in a thousand different directions. So much so that their doing nothing becomes a thousand different things and the thousand different things becomes stress, anxiety, worry and fear. Left untreated these simple everyday things become well entrenched in our psyches and start to dominate our lives. We have a chronic addiction with doing and we love to use our busyness as a stamp of our hard work and hectic lives and we get stuck in this busy trap of always doing.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|We live in a world where it is completely the norm to worry about what we put in our bodies but worry very little about what we throw in our minds. We think a hamburger is bad but a celebrity gossip magazine is completely harmless. As children you never hear “don’t put that garbage in your mind,” but for our body counterpart it is common thread. There is something very wrong with this scenario.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|If you thought with your minds and not your roosters, you would get the point!
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|It was something, what must go through men's mind where women were concerned, to cause them to behave so strangely.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|When you finally decide to face all your fears, then be assured that success is knocking at your door.
Larry McMurtry|The thought cross his mind that he ought to have married her and not gone rambling. If he had, he wouldn't be in such a fix. But he felt little fear; just an overpowering fatigue. Life had slipped out of line. It was unfair, it was too bad, but he couldn't find the energy to fight it any longer.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|How many great men didn't know enough, or have enough faith in the creative process and in themselves, to let go for the whole mind to work at it?
Sung Yee Poon, FREE EASY MIND in Conflicts. Stress.Loss|The superb use the mind as mirror, not welcoming nor rejecting, reflect without hiding, and triumph without harming. (Chuang Tzu)
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Tisn't any need for you't'know. Even without you knowin', you function as yourself. That's your black box. In other words, we all carry around this great unexplored 'elephant graveyard' inside us. Outer space aside, this is truly humanity's last terra incognita
Indiana Lang|To a common man, the opulence of the day makes no sense but to a philosopher, it is as clear as a night in the southern France.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Mind makes you happy, mind makes you unhappy. When you are unhappy, the solution is there, in your mind, not in somewhere else!
Mehmet Murat ildan|First reach your target in your mind, then reaching your target in reality will just be a formality!
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Close your eyes, imagine yourself in the world of your dreams, imagine everything you ever wanted, live that moment, get the feel of it. Once you've lived that moment in your mind fully, open your eyes and get started with work, work as hard as possible, do all that it takes to live that moment in real. Just do it, it's possible.
Sunday Adelaja|For us to expect development in our nations, we must first bring development to the minds and understandings of our people.The change we quest for outwardly must first be attained inwardly.
Steven Magee|The greatest journey of discovery that the human can take is not through the universe or to the remotest location on earth, it is the voyage through the human mind.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Earthquake means destruction; dictator means destruction! In the case of earthquake, you need a strong building; in the case of dictator, you need an educated rational mind, because an irrational ignorant mind always serves the dictator!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|By reading great stories, you will renew your mind.
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|Do not blame anyone if at last you don’t succeed because, your brain is solely responsible for this since this is where every seed of resolution will germinate.
Idries Shah, The Commanding Self|A donkey eats a melon, it remains a donkey
Sunday Adelaja|Every major outward change must first begin in the mind .So for us to expect development in our nations, we must first bring development to the minds and understandings of our people. The change we quest for outwardly must first be attained inwardly.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|Concentration is like a leash for our mind, keeping it under control and obedient and not giving it too much room to move as it wishes.
Eraldo Banovac|An unsolved problem bothers one's mind, just as a small stone in the shoe,until an idea for solving the problem comes to mind.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Are you there? If your mind is not there, you are not there! You are wherever your mind is wandering!
Ancient Chinese Proverb|Civilize The Mind, But Make Savage The Body.
Patti Smith, M Train|I may not know what is in your mind, but I know how your mind works.
Idries Shah, Observations|Words, they say, are the food of minds. But, like other foods, they can do little by themselves.
Criss Jami, Healology|I suspect that 'Kindness and Cruelty' and 'Mercy and Justice' all have secret affairs, as though they rendezvous only within certain sophisticated souls: those who hate being offensive, but love telling the truth.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Your EYES not only see everything around you AS IS, but also PROJECT what you wish look in this world!
Toni Morrison, A Mercy|You are nothing but wilderness. No constraint. No mind.You shout the word—mind, mind, mind—over and over and then you laugh, saying as I live and breathe, a slave by choice.
Mussadiq Abdul Rahim|Loud actions, small people, loud voice, small mouths, loud world, small minds.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|By reading, we will know the minds of great soul.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Narrow minds devoid of imagination. Intolerance, theories cut off from reality, empty terminology, usurped ideals, inflexible systems. Those are the things that really frighten me. What I absolutely fear and loathe. Of course it's important to know what's right and what's wrong. Individual errors in judgment can usually be corrected. As long as you have the courage to admit mistakes, things can be turned around. But intolerant, narrow minds with no imagination are like parasites that transform the host, change form and continue to thrive. They're a lost cause.
Quetzal|The path’s been set ,The way has been pointed out to me,I need strength to walk, and make the first step,I need the light to see, and wisdom to discern,I need Evil and God, The path’s been set for me to follow,The way has been pointed out to me,I need courage, and hope, Time to unleash the beast, and set the dragon free,Time to rise and defy Death, Time to defeat Satan, and destroy God,Time for war and violence, time to love and kill,Time to tame the demons of the mind,Time to cut the angel’s wingsTime to show your fangs and claws to the Devil,I need courage, I need hope,I need strength to slit the devil's throat Give me Satan, Give me God,Give me death, give me life,The path is been set for me to follow
Anna Asche|Coming out of the TunnelI am bursting with a new found feeling of my own existence.Strong and powerful frequencies.My mind is wandering to wide open fields and long-forgotten lands with limitless possibilities. I am not quite there yet.Holding still in anticipation,I don’t want to miss hearing my inner voice – soft and deep.With me are friendly skies on rainy days and my life is getting warmer.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Your body is always wherever it is; but your mind, often somewhere else! Thus, when a person talks to you, he often talks to your body, not to your mind!
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mechanics of Mind: I feel the greatest source of despair stems not from what we do on a daily basis, but the pace at which our mind thinks vis-a-vis our progression in real life that matters - the greater the gap the more the despair!
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mechanics of Mind: Remember the nature of the mind - Mind is never where you are, it is always somewhere else!
Erik Pevernagie|Through dreams and ideas we are seduced to go back to particular places and instances of our past. In the course of the years, these singular moments and spaces of our history very often receive then another color and dimension. Our mind tries however to tame and keep in control the phantoms of times past. If not so, our memory can be subject to an irreversible mutilation. ( "The mutilated memory" )
Evita Ochel|Fear is what created the monster in the room, and in order to overcome the many problems and enslavements that we have today, it is not about getting rid of the monster, but about getting rid of the fear.
Jonathan Franzen, Purity|[H]er mind was like a balloon with static cling, attracting random ideas as they floated by[.]
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|Thomas had no concept of time as he went through the Changing.It started much like his first memory of the Box—dark and cold. But this time he had no sensation of anything touching his feet or body. He floated in emptiness, stared into a void of black. He saw nothing, heard nothing, smelled nothing. It was as if someone had stolen his five senses, leaving him in a vacuum.Time stretched on. And on. Fear turned into curiosity, which turned into boredom.Finally, after an interminable wait, things began to change.A distant wind picked up, unfelt but heard. Then a swirling mist of whiteness appeared far in the distance—a spinning tornado of smoke that formed into a long funnel, stretching out until he could see neither the top nor the bottom of the white whirlwind. He felt the gales then, sucking into the cyclone so that it blew past him from behind, ripping at his clothes and hair like they were shredded flags caught in a storm.The tower of thick mist began to move toward him—or he was moving toward it, he couldn’t tell—increasing its speed at an alarming rate. Where seconds before he’d been able to see the distinct form of the funnel, he now could see only a flat expanse of white.And then it consumed him; he felt his mind taken by the mist, felt memories flood into his thoughts.Everything else turned into pain.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Take notice of what thoughts you choose to fill your mind with each day. Our thoughts draw to us whatever is dominating our mind, so always keep what you are thinking about in check.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Take notice of what thoughts you fill your mind with each day. Our thoughts draw to us whatever is dominating our mind, so always keep what you are thinking about in check.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|Holiness has to do with more than mere acts. Our motives must be holy, that is, arising from a desire to do something simply because it is the will of God. Our thoughts should be holy, since they are known to God even before they are formed in our minds.
Deep Trivedi, The Pulse of Wisdom|One 'beautiful-mind' indeed weighs heavy over thousand creations of natureand that is why from Socrates to Kabir, all hold such great importance.
Evy Michaels|I am not a prisoner to be locked up in people's ideologies, I am not a criminal to be locked up in your mind, I am a free spirit and I make no apologies for it
Goitsemang Mvula|The battle is not with the human flesh, but the mind.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I recall the Scriptures into my mind, therefore, I have hope.
Anuranjita Kumar, Can I have it all?|When you give yourself fully with your mind and body to a mission, you can get more than 100% returns.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To empty your mind, walk in the empty streets! Full mind is a tired mind; empty mind is a lively mind!
Evita Ochel|Whether it is in your work, or your relationships, or your food choices, or your interaction with any part of nature, or anything that you think, speak, or do, mindfulness has the power to align you with expressing your highest Self, for your personal and our collective highest good.Via mindfulness we can make the choices today, that will pre-pave the desired outcomes for all of our tomorrows. Via mindfulness we put ourselves in the flow of life, where life is no longer a series of "good" and "bad" moments, but about living with ease, contentment, wellbeing, and inner peace. Ultimately mindfulness requires action, with the first step being to make mindfulness a priority in your life.
Sunday Adelaja|I made up my mind that not only would I become a millionaire, but that I would also raise up millionaires from members of my church
Ramana Pemmaraju|The moment you become conscious of your unconscious state, you’re instantly transformed!
Erik Pevernagie|Some people look as if they have lost their eagerness and passion. Their aspiration seems to be exhausted and fresh inspiration has abandoned their weary mind. Life has boundlessly given them material welfare, which has fully spoiled them in the end. No energy for longing has been left, as they have reached a twilight zone. The twilight of desire. ( "Twilight of desire" )
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Thinking is man’s only basic virtue, from which all the others proceed. And his basic vice, the source of all his evils, is that nameless act which all of you practice, but struggle never to admit: the act of blanking out, the willful suspension of one’s consciousness, the refusal to think - not blindness, but the refusal to see; not ignorance, but the refusal to know. It is the act of unfocusing your mind and inducing an inner fog to escape the responsibility of judgment - on the unstated premise that a thing will not exist if only you refuse to identify it, that A will not be A so long as you do not pronounce the verdict ‘It is.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To test a man's ego, simply ask him a complicated question. A good person will never be afraid to admit they don’t know the answer to something. And only when a man has fully dismantled his ego, can he begin to be truly good.
Ayn Rand|The moral is the chosen, not the forced; the understood, not the obeyed. The moral is the rational, and reason accepts no commandments.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana|You would rather opt for death than give up. Because, what a way to live a mediocre life by choice?
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|The longing for peace has essentially come from troubled minds, minds that are torturing themselves. For them, peace is a big commodity that they have to seek. If you are not using your mind for self-torture, why would you think of peace? Would you seek the exuberance of life or would you seek peace? Only if you have become an expert in self-torture, peace seems to be the greatest thing.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|A rational process is a moral process. You may make an error at any step of it, with nothing to protect you but your own severity, or you may try to cheat, to fake the evidence and evade the effort of the quest - but if devotion to truth is the hallmark of morality, then there is no greater, nobler, more heroic form of devotion than the act of a man who assumes the responsibility of thinking.
Deep Trivedi|Any feeling, emotion or impulse that originates from the 'mind' can never be suppressed.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Non-thinking is an act of annihilation, a wish to negate existence, an attempt to wipe out reality. But existence exists; reality is not to be wiped out, it will merely wipe out the wiper. By refusing to say ‘It is,’ you are refusing to say ‘I am.’ By suspending your judgment, you are negating your person. When a man declares: ‘Who am I to know?’- he is declaring: ‘Who am I to live?
Sunday Adelaja|when there is no sound mind in the society people's thinking and their decisions, don’t always follow the natural flow of logic, because the society and the culture of the land has polluted the minds of ordinary people
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|To the extent to which a man is rational, life is the premise directing his actions. To the extent to which he is irrational, the premise directing his actions is death.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|It is easier to deal with one with an empty bank account than with one, with a broke mind.
Theodore Dalrymple|Demonstrative proof is lacking, but if we thought only about those things about which such proof were available, our minds would be empty most of the time.
Sunday Adelaja|lack of sound mind and judgment – the ability to make considered decisions or come to sensible conclusions, is a matter of frustration and disillusionment to God
Sunday Adelaja|If he is a God of sound judgment, that sound mind must be revealed in people who identify themselves with him on daily basis
Sunday Adelaja|Each and every one of us was created to carry out justice, judgment, truth and equity on the earth. It could be in different spheres of life, in various professions or in diverse gifting. But the mandate is clear, his nature must be reflected on the earth. If he is a God of justice, people must see his justice on earth. If he is a God of sound judgment, that sound mind must be revealed in people who identify themselves with him on daily basis. If God is truth, that truth must reign supreme on the earth even as he reigns over the universe. If fairness, impartiality, equity, are his essence, that should become dominant in any society
Sunday Adelaja|Preoccupy your mind more and more thinking of strategies, methods of attaining possession in all areas of your life’s endeavour.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|This, in every hour and every issue, is your basic moral choice: thinking or non-thinking, existence or non-existence, A or non-A, entity or zero.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|That which you call your soul or spirit is your consciousness, and that which you call ‘free will’ is your mind’s freedom to think or not, the only will you have, your only freedom, the choice that controls all the choices you make and determines your life and your character.
Sunday Adelaja|Judgment refers to a sound mind. When there is no sound mind in a society, people in that society don’t think straight. They are perverted in their thoughts
Erik Pevernagie|There is nothing either ' good or bad ' but ' thinking ' makes it so. It is the "perception" that makes things what they are. Good and bad is in our mind. It is our mindset, our mental attitude that determines how we will interpret and respond to situations.Erik pevernagie - ("Is that all there is ?")
Erik Pevernagie|Things as they appear every day and as they are engraved in our memory, facts and occurrences as they are perceived by senses, create an intricate labyrinth in the mind. The way how things are experienced in our environment and how they react in the arsenal of our imagination, creates a torrent of inspiring ideas that flood the speedy highways of our brains. ( " Labyrinth of the mind " )
Osho|Mind: A beautiful servant, a dangerous master.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Don't ever think of bad things that could happen, and you'll have a better chance of them never happening. Don't ever think about doing something bad to someone, because depending on the intensity of your mind waves, something bad could really happen to them. Think love. Be love. Breathe only love, and love you shall be. When you stress out, things will stress out around you. Always control your thoughts and pacify any unnecessary stress. Control your vibrations and you are the master of your own harmony.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Are you seeking to know what is wrong with the world? All the disasters that have wrecked your world, came from your leaders’ attempt to evade the fact that A is A. All the secret evil you dread to face within you and all the pain you have ever endured, came from your own attempt to evade the fact that A is A.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Reality is that which exists; the unreal does not exist; the unreal is merely that negation of existence which is the content of a human consciousness when it attempts to abandon reason. Truth is the recognition of reality; reason, man’s only means of knowledge, is his only standard of truth.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Existence is Identity, Consciousness is Identification.
Marie Corelli|Curious that it is impossible for a man to be original without attracting around him a set of unoriginal minds, as though he were a honey-pot and they the flies!
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Happiness is the successful state of life, pain is an agent of death. Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one’s values. A morality that dares to tell you to find happiness in the renunciation of your happiness—to value the failure of your values—is an insolent negation of morality.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Sweep aside those hatred-eaten mystics, who pose as friends of humanity and preach that the highest virtue man can practice is to hold his own life as of no value. Do they tell you that the purpose of morality is to curb man’s instinct of self-preservation? It is for the purpose of self-preservation that man needs a code of morality. The only man who desires to be moral is the man who desires to live.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Neither life nor happiness can be achieved by the pursuit of irrational whims. Just as man is free to attempt to survive in any random manner, but will perish unless he lives as his nature requires, so he is free to seek his happiness in any mindless fraud, but the torture of frustration is all he will find, unless he seeks the happiness proper to man. The purpose of morality is to teach you, not to suffer and die, but to enjoy yourself and live.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Generally, in English, one way in which we describe an insane person is like this: "He is out of his mind." See, if you were out of your mind, would you be insane? Insanity is of the mind always, isn't it? Only if you are in the mind you can be insane. If you are out of your mind, you will be perfectly sane; you will become like a Mansur, or a Jesus or someone who is beyond other people's understanding. Others may think they are insane, but they are the only few sane people that have happened on the planet.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man cannot survive except by gaining knowledge, and reason is his only means to gain it. Reason is the faculty that perceives, identifies and integrates the material provided by his senses. The task of his senses is to give him the evidence of existence, but the task of identifying it belongs to his reason, his senses tell him only that something is, but what it is must be learned by his mind.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|By worrying about what will happen next year or the year after, you are using up today's time to do so.
Marie Corelli, The Soul of Lilith|Was it worth while, he thought, to be so wise, if wisdom made one at times so sad? Was it well to sacrifice Faith for Fact, when Faith was so warm and Fact so cold? Was it better to be a dreamer of things possible, or a worker-out of things positive? And how much was positive, after all, and how much possible? He balanced the question lightly with himself. It was like a discord in the music of his mind, and disturbed his peace.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|No matter how vast your knowledge or how modest, it is your own mind that has to acquire it. It is only with your own knowledge that you can deal. It is only your own knowledge that you can claim to possess or ask others to consider. Your mind is your only judge of truth—and if others dissent from your verdict, reality is the court of final appeal. Nothing but a man’s mind can perform that complex, delicate, crucial process of identification which is thinking. Nothing can direct the process but his own judgment. Nothing can direct his judgment but his moral integrity.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Whatever the degree of your knowledge, these two—existence and consciousness—are axioms you cannot escape, these two are the irreducible primaries implied in any action you undertake, in any part of your knowledge and in its sum, from the first ray of light you perceive at the start of your life to the widest erudition you might acquire at its end.
|When character speaks, many minds listen.
Kristen Henderson, Drum Machine|what if there was an uncanny moment when all the birds were grounded from Cape Town to Juneau, and everywhere between--all feathers frozen in a universal stutter, so quick as to make a snail of light, and even Stephen Hawking's mind would miss it?
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Since life requires a specific course of action, any other course will destroy it. A being who does not hold his own life as the motive and goal of his actions, is acting on the motive and standard of death.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|To exist is to be something, as distinguished from the nothing of non-existence, it is to be an entity of a specific nature made of specific attributes.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|By the grace of reality and the nature of life, man—every man—is an end in himself, he exists for his own sake, and the achievement of his own happiness is his highest moral purpose.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man has been called a rational being, but rationality is a matter of choice — and the alternative his nature offers him is: rational being or suicidal animal. Man has to be man — by choice; he has to hold his life as a value — by choice; he has to learn to sustain it — by choice; he has to discover the values it requires and practice his virtues — by choice.A code of values accepted by choice is a code of morality.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Life is a process of self-sustaining and self-generated action. If an organism fails in that action, it dies...It is only the concept of ‘Life’ that makes the concept of 'Value’ possible. It is only to a living entity that things can be good or evil.
Bodhidharma|Buddha means awareness, the awareness of body and mind that prevents evil from arising in either.
Bodhidharma|If you use your mind to study reality, you won't understand either your mind or reality. If you study reality without using your mind, you'll understand both.
Evita Ochel|Shed who you think you are, to experience who you really are.
Lynne McTaggart, The Field: The Quest for the Secret Force of the Universe|Quantum physics findings show that consciousness itself created order - or indeed in some way created the world - this suggested much more capacity in the human being than was currently understood. It also suggested some revolutionary notions about humans in relation to their world and the relation between all living things. What they were asking was how far our bodies extended. Did they end with what we always thought of as our own isolated persona, or ‘extend out’ so that the demarcation between us and our world was less clear-cut? Did living consciousness possess some quantum field like properties, enabling it to extend its influence out into the world? If so, was it possible to do more than simply observe? How strong was our influence? It was only a small step in logic to conclude that in our act of participation as an observer in the quantum world, we might also be an influencer, a creator. Did we not only stop the butterfly at a certain point in its flight, but also influence the path it will take - nudging it in a particular direction?This explains action at a distance, what scientists call non locality. The theory that two subatomic particles once in close proximity seemingly communicate over any distance after they are separated.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|To think is an act of choice. The key to what you so recklessly call ‘human nature,’ the open secret you live with, yet dread to name, is the fact that man is a being of volitional consciousness. Reason does not work automatically; thinking is not a mechanical process; the connections of logic are not made by instinct.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|If the pull of the moon can disturb the ocean, why can’t the pull of planets cause a disturbance in the mind of creatures like us.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For a cheerful mind, sun never sets; for a cheerless mind, sun never rises!
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|A being of volitional consciousness has no automatic course of behavior. He needs a code of values to guide his actions. ‘Value’ is that which one acts to gain and keep, 'virtue’ is the action by which one gains and keeps it. ‘Value’ presupposes an answer to the question: of value to whom and for what? 'Value’ presupposes a standard, a purpose and the necessity of action in the face of an alternative. Where there are no alternatives, no values are possible.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man has no automatic code of survival. His particular distinction from all other living species is the necessity to act in the face of alternatives by means of volitional choice. He has no automatic knowledge of what is good for him or evil, what values his life depends on, what course of action it requires...Man must obtain his knowledge and choose his actions by a process of thinking, which nature will not force him to perform.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man, whose tool of survival is the mind, does not merely fail to teach a child to think, but devotes the child’s education to the purpose of destroying his brain, of convincing him that thought is futile and evil, before he has started to think.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man’s life, as required by his nature, is not the life of a mindless brute, of a looting thug or a mooching mystic, but the life of a thinking being—not life by means of force or fraud, but life by means of achievement—not survival at any price, since there’s only one price that pays for man’s survival: reason.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|There is a morality of reason, a morality proper to man, and Man’s Life is its standard of value.All that which is proper to the life of a rational being is the good; all that which destroys it is the evil.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man’s life is the standard of morality, but your own life is its purpose . If existence on earth is your goal, you must choose your actions and values by the standard of that which is proper to man—for the purpose of preserving, fulfilling and enjoying the irreplaceable value which is your life.
Stanley Coren|We do not perceive what is "out ther," rather we perceive what is "in here." Our senses can only inform us of their own status. They can inform us of the elesctrical status of neurons or the physical or the chemical status of the receptors. The outside world is never taken into our consciousness. The outside world is rather our own creation, psychologically synthesized from the mass of sensations that envelope us. In many respects, the ultimate question that perception must ask was stated by John Stuart Mill in 1865. He asked, "What is it we mean, or what is it which leads us to say, that the objects we perceive are external to us, and not a part of our own thoughts?" That remains, perhaps, the ultimate, unresolved perceptual puzzle.
Stanley Coren, Sensation and Perception|We do not perceive what is "out there," rather we perceive what is "in here." Our senses can only inform us of their own status. They can inform us of the electrical status of neurons or the physical or the chemical status of the receptors. The outside world is never taken into our consciousness. The outside world is rather our own creation, psychologically synthesized from the mass of sensations that envelope us. In many respects, the ultimate question that perception must ask was stated by John Stuart Mill in 1865. He asked, "What is it we mean, or what is it which leads us to say, that the objects we perceive are external to us, and not a part of our own thoughts?" That remains, perhaps, the ultimate, unresolved perceptual puzzle.
Evita Ochel|Both science and spirituality tell us today that meditation and mindfulness strengthen mental control. The more we feel conscious of, and in control of our thoughts and our emotions, the more empowered we become to take effective action that is most suitable for our health and our life.
Evita Ochel|Shed who you think you are, in order to experience who you really are.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Reason is your means of survival — so that for you, who are a human being, the question ‘to be or not to be’ is the question 'to think or not to think..'.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man’s mind is his basic tool of survival. Life is given to him, survival is not. His body is given to him, its sustenance is not. His mind is given to him, its content is not. To remain alive, he must act, and before he can act he must know the nature and purpose of his action...To remain alive, he must think.
|A mind that opens its door to fears, doubts, grudges, jealousy and anger, compromises its peace in return.
gaurav rao|Our Thoughts have life of its own: Their Birth, Influence and Death happens at our Mind level
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|It does take an exceptional mind and a still more exceptional integrity to remain untouched by the brain-destroying influences of the world’s doctrines, the accumulated evil of centuries—to remain human, since the human is the rational.
Vishwanath S J|Take a closer look at the word "Change". You never "Changed", instead, you were 'Manipulated' by illusion.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|It’s all in my mind.I’m in my right mind now, and my right mind is crazy."You need to wake up, Ella."The words are a command I cannot obey.
Vishwanath S J|Time is a strange phenomenon that understands the physics of our world, but never the chemistry of it
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|The earth is a mosaic, and most fail to notice the gossamer tesserae floating down from the realm of the mind that form its images of beauty and horror.
Vishwanath S J|Time, as such doesn't travel! It's the paradox & uncertainty inside you that makes it travel.
Vishwanath S J|The mystery in "Eyes of your Eyes" can never be found in the interstellar space unless you encounter timelessness.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|Or… maybe I’m not going crazy. “Maybe I’m some sort of android-cyborg-clone-thing, and I’m just breaking down.I’m not sure which way is worse.Dad laughs. “You’re not in your right mind, dear,” he says. “No, no, no, you’re not.”And then——Silence.Dad fades away. The reverie chair disappears.There’s just blackness. I remember then that I am in the reverie of something dead. Whatever that thing was, it was dead.And, just as I’m starting to wonder if, perhaps, I have died, too, I see a light, far away in the corner of the dreamscape. The light isn’t soft; it’s not glowing. It crackles like silent lightning, burning with electricity, sparks flying out and fizzling in the dark.I don’t know why—it makes no sense, the way dreams often don’t—but I want to touch the light.So I do.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Through all the ages the mind has been regarded as evil, and every form of insult: from heretic to materialist to exploiter—every form of iniquity: from exile to disfranchisement to expropriation—every form of torture: from sneers to rack to firing squad—have been brought down upon those who assumed the responsibility of looking at the world through the eyes of a living consciousness and performing the crucial act of a rational connection. Yet only to the extent to which—in chains, in dungeons, in hidden corners, in the cells of philosophers, in the shops of traders—some men continued to think, only to that extent was humanity able to survive.
Vishwanath S J|If you can successfully embrace the Anti-Matter version of yourself, Time would cease to exist for You. You are God!
Vishwanath S J|Explore, Dream & Discover are 3 secrets which the time traveler is unaware. They demystify as the journey advances!
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Whenever a man denounces the mind, it is because his goal is of a nature the mind would not permit him to confess.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|As the dreamscape around me grows clearer, I slip further away from it. The mind is a magical thing, I’m discovering. A dreamscape is made of thought and is wider than the sky, able to grow large enough to fit not just our own world, but every possibility and impossibility beyond it. Once I quit thinking of it as being forced into the laws of physics, it’s easy to manipulate the dreamscape into anything I want. I don’t know how I know all this, no more than I understand how I know things when I dream. I just do.I throw up my hand, and a wall rises between the orange grove and me. Behind the wall, I start creating the world I need in Representative Belles’s mind.
Matthew Donnelly|Only use the mind for practical ways in life. Use your deep inner body energy, observation and breath to glide through life.
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|the mind is a treasuretrove, an almanac, a tomb.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|No production, no prosperity! Every "product and service" is someone's brain child... Ask yourself, when is my "naming ceremony" going to come on?. Begin producing something today and make a difference!
Debasish Mridha|The mind is the most fertile land. What you plant, it will grow.
Jason Medina|The mind is like an empty canvas and we are all artists, who spend our entire lives creating our own unique masterpieces.
Vishwanath S J|Imagination is a place where a rational mind travels in time to meet it's god, "The Infinite Mind"!
|Life has its surprises; however, they mean nothing to a mind that dwells in the direction of its positive purpose.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|The mind has a powerful way of attracting things that are in harmony with it, good and bad.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Small mind competes, big mind collaborates and great mind encompasses.
Banani Ray, Glory of OM: A Journey to Self-Realization|Om is the things, Om is the ingredient, Om is the container and the content of this universe.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you take a photo, you often take your own reality into your camera - the reality that you shaped in your mind - and not the real reality over there, whatever it is!
Toni Morrison, Beloved|The box had done what Sweet Home had not, what working like an ass and living like a dog had not: drove him crazy so he would not lose his mind.
|Life is full of surprises; however, they are nothing to a mind that shelters positive beliefs.
Sadghuru|Whether it is your body, your mind, or the world – the idea of keeping a distance from it is to have a better perspective of everything.
|Without the spirit of gratitude, no amount of blessings would activate the feeling of happiness in one's mind.
Idries Shah, Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study|When the mind is full of established biases, it will not be able to graft Sufism on top of them.
Sadghuru|If you stand on the garbage heap of your mind, your feet will never touch the ground.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Do not try to catch the happiness because happiness is not a thing you can catch, it is a thing you can create with your own mind only!
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Hatred gives you nothing, takes nothing from you, but destroys everything you have! Be careful of ideas of hatred that comes into your head. Destroy them before they make nests in your mind!
Amit Ray, Yoga The Science of Well-Being|Yoga is bringing fitness in body, calmness in mind, kindness in heart and awareness in life.
Adi Alsaid, Never Always Sometimes|How do text messages make you feel existential?I start thinking about exactly that: how people can edit a thought before sending it out to the world. They can make themselves seem more well spoken than they are, or funnier, smarter. I start thinking that no one in the world is who they say the are, then my mind goes to how I also edit myself, not just online but in real life, except for those rare instances like right now where I'm ranting- even though that's a lie because I've had this train of thought before and damned if I didn't tweak it in my head a few times to make it sound better- and then my mind starts racing so furiously I can't control my thoughts, and I start thinking about robots and wondering if I'm even a real person.
Jane Austen|Where people wish to attach, they should always be ignorant. To come with a well−informed mind is to come with an inability of administering to the vanity of others, which a sensible person would always wish to avoid.
Jorie Graham, The Dream of the Unified Field: Selected Poems, 1974-1994|There is a feeling the body gives the mindof having missed something, a bedrock poverty, like fallingwithout the sense that you are passing through one world,that you could reach anotheranytime. Instead the realis crossing you,your body an arrivalyou know is false but can't outrun. And somewhere in betweenthese geese forever entering andthese spiders turning back,this astonishing delay, the everyday, takes place.
|To live with a mind full of grudges and jealousy, is to bargain to be constantly punished by negative feelings and emotions.
William Faulkner|Sometimes i think there must be a sort of pollen of ideas floating in the air, which fertilizes similarly minds here and there which have not had direct contact.
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Part of me wanted to give him a piece of my mind. He didn't get it as a whole, so I will keep my peace.
Pavitraa Parthasarathy|The seeming legitimacy that existed in mind a second earlier vaporized before they could be carried out, leaving the air barren.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|I think we cry to release the animal parts of us without losing our humanity. Becauseinside me is a beast that snarls, and growls, and strains toward freedom, toward Tobias, and, aboveall, toward life. And as hard as I try, I cannot kill it.
Jean Houston|In Jump Time’s developing hybrid world, capacities once nurtured in separate societies are available to the entire family of humankind. This is a stupendous happening, as important as the discovery of new continents during the time of the great sea journeys. For the first time in human history the genius of the human race is available for all to harvest. These rediscovered capacities may be evolutionary accelerators, now being gathered from many places, times, and cultures to awaken our species to who we are and what we yet may be and do. Often, however, it is not comfortable. We can for a time find ourselves strangers in a very strange land, wishing we could return to the comforts of a more insular and familiar worldview. Yet when we get beyond the shutterings of our local cultural trance, we gain the courage to nurture the emerging forms of the possible human and the possible society.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|This was a new skill she'd acquired, the ability to look, to the outside world, utterly serene and even cheerful, while, in her skull, all was chaos.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Plato said that we are trapped inside a cave and know the world only through the shadows it casts on the wall. The skull is our cave, and mental representations are the shadows.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|A...reason we are so-so scientists is that our brains were shaped for fitness, not for truth. Sometimes truth is adaptive, but sometimes it is not.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|I couldn't stop thinking about the body, what a hard fact it was.That philosopher who said we think, therefore we are, should havespent an hour in the maternity ward of Waite Memorial Hospital. He'dhave had to change his whole philosophy. The mind was so thin, barely a spiderweb, with all its finethoughts, aspirations, and beliefs in its own importance. Watch howeasily it unravels, evaporates under the first lick of pain.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|The mind is not designed to grasp the laws of probability, even though the laws rule the universe.
Ramana Pemmaraju|I do, not because i think, but I Feel!
Jerry A. Fodor|There is a gap between the mind and the world, and (as far as anybody knows) you need to posit internal representations if you are to have a hope of getting across it. Mind the gap. You’ll regret it if you don't.
Farid F. Ibrahim|Think, ask, pray and the right decision will find your way.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Our true appearance is our mind’s appearance; whatever our mind’s visage is, that is our real visage! Thus, whenever you meet a person, concentrate on his mind to see his real look, try to understand his mind because his mind is his real face!
Aleksandar Hemon, The Making of Zombie Wars|When the mind imagines its own lack of power, it is saddened by it.
Karthikeyan V|One day is not enough to green our earth. Planting caring and love is also expecting our earth from us. Do it, It will heal not only the land but also your body and mind.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Your future is a finished work. God created your future; your thoughts guide you to locate it and your passion takes you there. However, it’s your attitude that makes you stay!
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|Every word you’ve ever said, is written somewhere in my mind.
Diane Ravitch|Sometimes, the most brilliant and intelligent minds do not shine in standardized tests because they do not have standardized minds.
LeAnne Mechelle, Write like no one is reading 2|Are you there? I call for you.I've been calling your name, Searching every place in my mind to find you,I've lost count of the days, the hours, minutes, and seconds.The world that looked so vast is now small and empty.Did you take all the magic with you?Or perhaps the world is in pain like my heart because it's lost your spark.
J.R. Rim, Write like no one is reading 2|I can cross my arms and I can cross my legs, but nothing seems to cross my mind.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Most people don't mind being stupid, insomuch that they do not appear stupid; appearance and being are seldom simultaneous, congruent, and conclusive.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|The mind is the laboratory where products, both fake and genuine are manufactured. People grow wild weeds, others grow flourishing flowers!
Mehmet Murat ildan|If your mind is misty, your life will be misty; if your mind is sunny, your life will be sunny! Your life will be the reflection of your mind, of your thoughts! If there is a candle in your mind, your life will not know what utter darkness is!
Jenna McDougall|Sometimes, we can be our worst enemy. That our mind is capable of twisting and turning things, and taking us to really dark places.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Great battles that prevail in actions had been won or lost earlier in thoughts. When the mind resists change, it’s in vain the legs chase it!
Roopa Farooki|My mind is not like a neat and tidy garden; it is a vast and untidy wilderness, full of irrelevancies, but with lots of places to wander and get lost.
Merlin Donald|The externalization of memory [via the use of external symbolic storage systems] has altered the actual memory architecture within which humans think, which is changing the role of biological memory, the way in which the human brain deploys its resources, and the form of modern culture.
|In the journey of life, you can only be as fruitful or fruitless as the thoughts that constantly dwell in your mind.
Erin Fall Haskell|As consciousness expands, so does perception of self.
Kabir, One Hundred Poems of Kabir|Between the poles of the conscious and the unconscious, there has the mind made a swing:Thereon hang all beings and all worlds, and that swing never ceases its sway. (pg. 16)
Aditya Ajmera|Mind is absolutely competent to harvest anything, it is up to us what we wish to produce!! Illusion, Ignorance or Awareness.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|When you silence your mind, faith walks in.
Caroline Hanson, Love is Darkness|The calmness was fracturing, tendrils of fear seeping through her mind like ivy. Once the fear consumed her, she'd run.
Jane Smiley, The Greenlanders|My mind is like a room where the door swings free in the breeze, and many visitors come and go and stay and vanish as they will.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Opportunities can become obstacles, same way obstacles can become opportunities; it all depends on how they are being interpreted by the mind of a person.
Ron Barrow|Believe in yourself, refuse to waiver! Once you control your mind, you control your DESTINY here on earth.
Alexia Penteleόn de aRcturi|Σῶμα ὑγιές ἐν νοῦν ὑγιῆ ~ A healthy body, within a healthy mind
Aditya Ajmera|Stay faithful to consciousness, rest everything is illusion including your mind. Simply be aware without adulterations from intellegience.
Aditya Ajmera|When we realize that we are not the mind, we do not exist as a labled person. We also experience “all circus around us” does not exist either.
David Wong|We rode in silence, I think all of us wondering what was behind the flowery wallpaper our perceptions had always pasted on the unknown. All the things the mind won't allow us to see, to protect our sanity, or our soul, or maybe just to keep the shit out of our pants.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|When we hold onto worry, regret, and anger, peace of mind, strength of body, and freedom of spirit eludes us.
Mark Horton|The most unknown, unused and unrecognised tool of the human mind, is the recognition that attitude is always a choice.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|For a minute, I can feel it: the sense of peace as my mind goes quiet, like I'm already dead. I am weightless and free. Nothing and no one to fear, not even myself.
Virginia Alison|There is a waterfall in every dream. Cool and crystal clear, it falls gently on the sleeper, cleansing the mind and soothing the soul.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|A picture's worth a thousand words. But a single word can make you think of over a thousand pictures in your mind, over a thousand moments, a thousand memories.
Samuel R. Delany|But the strange thing, the thing that you can never explain to anyone, except another nut, or, if you're lucky, a doctor who has an unusual amount of sense-stranger than the hallucinations, or the voices, or the anxiety-is the way you begin to experience the edges of the mind itself... in a way other people just can't.
Shannon L. Alder|Thoughts might not be solid and always obtainable, but they become your reality when emotions are attached to them. Over time, they become your wants and form an attachment to your behavior.
Joseph Conrad|But when one is young one must see things, gather experience, ideas; enlarge the mind.
Tariq Ramadan|Mental ghettos are not mirages; they actually exist in palpable reality: being "open" inside one's mental or intellectual ghetto does not open its door but simply allows one to harbour the illusion that there is no ghetto and no door. The most dangerous prisons are those with invisible bars.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Buried Giant|The stranger thought it might be God himself had forgotten much from our pasts, events far distant, events of the same day. And if a thing is not in God’s mind, then what chance of it remaining in those of mortal men?
Shannon L. Alder|Maybe, it wasn't stuck in my mind. Maybe,just maybe, it was stuck in my heart for so long that it grew wings and wanted to fly, but didn't know how.
Lynn Austin, Gods and Kings|Belief in Yahweh doesn't come with your mind. It comes with your heart. When you only believe in things you can see with your eyes and touch with your hands, it is idolatry...To have faith in Yahweh is to know that there is a realm of the spirit beyond the comprehension of our minds... Trusting in Molech... or trusting in your own wisdom and intellect - there's no difference in God's eyes. It's all idolatry.
Seekerohan|And after everything been said and done, the mind only believes what our heart feels.
|It's time for you to start creating some extraordinary things in your life, because there is absolutely nothing ordinary about your mind.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Feed the mind good wisdom, the body good nutrition, the soul good vibes, and the heart good love. Elevation for your situation.
