Margarita Engle, The Firefly Letters|Night simply drapes itself over the dayAs if someone had lowered a curtain.The sky glitters and moves,Filled with shooting stars and fireflies.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|It's literature that provides solace to hearts wounded by man made divisions of religion, race, class, gender and class...
Hope Ann, Shadows of the Hersweald: A Hansel and Gretel Novella|Haydn's hand tightened around the stone as he stared at the ground. "I need to find my sister. To save her. Maybe then I will be wor
Anthony Marra, The Tsar of Love and Techno|And in the middle of the lake the woman I'd spoken with floated on her back, eyes closed, as if nothing in her many years had ever gone wrong.
Sunday Adelaja|If a man realizes who he is, he cannot lose his peace and gladness because he lives at peace with himself
Kimberley Reeves, Vittorio's Woman|They had a good marriage, a solid relationship that had endured its ups and downs because they’d learned from the mistakes they’d made during their tumultuous beginning. What they’d built together was open and honest and there wasn’t anything they couldn’t talk about with one another.
Kamand Kojouri|If today is not your day, then be happy for this day shall never return. And if today is your day, then be happy now for this day shall never return.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party|The power we were given to think, is to enable us to live better lives, not fool more people.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|Peace does not come from destroying evil, but from building goodness.
John Mroz|Peace is not the absence of chaos or conflict, but rather finding yourself in the midst of that chaos and remaining calm in your heart.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A beautiful mind is like a beautiful path! The more you travel with it, the more you find peace and happiness!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sweep your mind and clean your heart, for these are the very places where things that make or mar our entire journey of life and living dwell! Sweep your mind and clean your heart, then you shall be free to be free and indeed have a true freedom! Sweep your mind and clean your heart, so you may have a clean mind and heart to be clean! Sweep your mind and clean your heart for not all things deserve a place in your heart and body! Sweep your mind and clean your heart, for in the end, so many things living in your heart and mind may never matter as part of the matters of your lifetime and life which really matter! Clean your heart and sweep your mind for certain people and things are in there only to disturb you for all the moments they shall continue to live there! Sweep your mind and clean your heart, for your body deserves nothing, but a clean mind and a clean heart daily for a daily fresh and refreshed body! Sweep your mind and clean your heart for there are so many toxic substances in our minds and hearts which we ponder over and over every day that weaken not just our hearts and minds every day, but our entire daily life and living! Sweep your mind and clean your heart for certain things deserve to live permanently in our hearts and minds so as to enable us live and leave distinctive footprints, and certain things deserve to leave our hearts and minds so that we can have a safe journey of life, and live and leave distinctive footprints in our journey of life!
Yitzhak Rabin|We must think differently, look at things in a different way. Peace requires a world of new concepts, new definitions.
Kari L. Greenaway, Hope Doesn't Hide|He stretches forth in our soul, Teaches our arms how to reach.Our feet He has shod,With His gospel of peace.
S. Brian Willson|Yes, I’m talking about a non-violent revolution of consciousness. A consciousness that is able to understand how we’re all inextricably connected to each other on this Earth,and to the Earth itself.And that if we violate those fundamental principles, we do so at our own peril. Yes, we can continue to live in this delusion and the denials of reality because it’s painful, it’s frightening. Sometimes, it’s terrifying. It's terrifying to face the truth.So I ask each of you to search your hearts, as to what your truth is, for being a citizen of the Earth,promoting justice as a foundation for peace.It’s not going to happen magically, it’s not going to happen by relying on these political structures and institutions.I think we’re going to have to wage peace in the most extraordinary ways whether our government wants it or not.Without a non-violent revolution of consciousness, we will not survive as a civilization or as a planet.We can choose to have peace if we want to pay the price. And what more glorious goal than peace for all people?...To build a new society, a society that understands that we are not worth more, and they are not worth less.And that we will be willing to pay the price and take the risks to wage peace with all fellow and sister human beings.
Tara Estacaan|Soft sunlight tall treeswoodsmoke impressions summery cuestossed onthis dainty patch of my recluse.~ Poem Title VERS LIBÉRÉ, Tara Estacaan
T. H. Mandeel|People are not a threat, wrong ideas are.
Lynne Cockrum-Murphy, Unfolding the Mystery of Self: We are Never Alone|Not only are we not alone, we are a thread in a great tapestry that is rich, because we exist.
Sarah Porter|After a while Luce curled up with her head leaning on a rock, wondering why she wasn't consumed with despair. Instead she felt an inexplicable sense of peace. She was cradled in music. The rocks around her chanted like slow, growling bells, and each curl of the water stroked her fins with silky notes. She'd been so afraid of leaving her tribe, but she understood that she never would have heard the music resonating out of every crook of the world if she hadn't taken so many risks. She'd opened her heart to the music of solitude, and it had come to her.
Sunday Adelaja|You Are Hard-Wired For The Kingdom Of Love, Peace And Unity
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|I would like to propose that the reason our actions have been so manifestly unsuccessful in steering the world away from its present collision course is that we have not, generally speaking, been basing them on any true understanding.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Now. Is this life or not?I be so calm.If she come, I be happy. If she don’t, I be content.And then I figure this the lesson I was suppose to learn.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|Because when everything is said and done... the world runs on kindness. It simply has to, or we'd never be a able to bear ourselves. It might not seem so to you now, but it will when you're older." ~Ariel
Susan Sontag, As Consciousness is Harnessed to Flesh: Journals and Notebooks, 1964-1980|Alone, alone. I am alone – I ache … Yet for the first time, despite all the anguish and the reality problems, I’m here. I feel tranquil, whole, ADULT.
Nithin Purple, Venus and Crepuscule: Beauty and Violence on Me Thrown|The day arrived,when myriad teary rivers flow and the muted wind faintly died in his tears—an altar for the beloved one's departure,for sister-hood is no more,for her to adore!while pangs the beating world in a lamenting voice;their remembering loss of the 'one' they embrace most and when the crepuscule came like a phantom,the mournful,gathered birds swiftly flew in gloom.
John M. Perkins, Dream with Me: Race, Love, and the Struggle We Must Win|Right before Jesus went to the cross, He prayed that all believers, past, present, and future "may be one, as You, Father are in Me, and I in You; that they also may be one in Us, that the world may believe that You sent Me" (John 17:21 NKJV). This was Jesus's prayer for us all, yet more often than not, I fear we have not lived up to it. Instead, we fight for our own way, for our selfish desires, for our right to be superior. We build churches centered on our own cultural ideas of God, rather than on seeking to bring us back to Him. And then we fight with other churches and religions about who is serving their personal culture god the best. Come dream with me. Dream of a fight for something bigger, something more important and worthwhile. We need to fight for justice and peace, for the walls between us to come crashing down.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Make love your religion, and all the citadels of man-made religious conflicts shall disappear from the face of earth once and for all.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|In the hands of blood-sucking monsters a scripture becomes a weapon that takes away humanism from the heart of humans and fills them with hate, rage and selfishness, whereas, in the hands of modern human beings the same scripture can become the greatest philosophical tool to endow the species with goodness and compassion.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|It’s time that Islam should be redefined by the world based upon, the goodness of all the peace-loving Muslims, instead of the theoretical teachings of some books, be it Quran or the Hadith.
C.R. Hedgcock, Prisoner of the Pyrenees|Peace made him bold; his life was in God's hands, and there it would always stay. 'The Lord is my helper; I will not fear. What can man do to me?
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Sapiens means wise or sapient... Wise means acceptance, not differentiation. Wise means helping, not fighting. Wise means assimilation, not destruction. Wise means harmony and peace, not dissension.
Akshay Vasu|Darkness is the only place, where chaos and peace always met and fell in love with each other.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|What's more toxic than what they have done, think, or have said about you is how you let your mind receive it. In a world as ours filled with so much noise and hate, what suffers the most is our minds. Know when to keep your mind shut!
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|When personal growth is missing, there is no peace.
Charlemagne|Let peace, concord and unanimity reign among all Christian people...for without peace we cannot please God.
Abhijit Naskar|As a scientist who deals with the deepest secrets of human mind, I know very well that global harmony is something that cannot be truly achieved in a few millennia. Yet it is the most glorious cause worth fighting for as a true sapiens. And I shall keep working for it relentlessly through thousands of generations yet to come.
George       Green|Want for your brother, what you want for yourself.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Warning to the West|Of course, peace treaties are very attractive to those who sign them. They strengthen one's prestige with the electorate. But the time will come when the names of these public figures will be erased from history. Nobody will remember them any longer. But the Western peoples will have to pay heavily for these overtrusting agreements.
Marcia Furrow, 365 Days of Grace: Experiencing God's Grace from Genesis to Revelation|God is never far from His people, even when they are far from Him.
R. A. Delmonico|Love is my philosophy, compassion is my journey and peace is my destination.
Lydia Davis, Can't and Won't: Stories|...as long as I felt I had to take some action, I was anguished, and when I gave up all responsibility and stopped trying to do anything at all, I was relatively at peace, even though the earth meanwhile was circling so far below us and we were so high up in a defective airplane that would have trouble landing.
Kamand Kojouri|It doesn’t matter whether you are looking for a reason to be happy or sad, you will always find it.
Jim Haba|In a dark placein a dark timestart with black.Stop. Soak up its energy.Remember the circlehowever bent and broken.Prize balance. Seek Pleasure.Allow surprise. Let musicguide your every impulse.Support those who falter.Steer by our fixed star:No Justice, No Peace.
Avijeet Das|If only we could understand the language of the eyes, there would be more love in our world!
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|A 20/20 mindset produces clarity, joy, and peace in your life. It produces RESULTS.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|I realized the universe had consumed my whole entity with its divine sensation of eternal bliss. All I could consciously perceive in that state of mind was absolute oneness. I felt being one with the banyan tree, under which I was sitting. I felt one with the corns in the field. I felt one with the sky and the clouds in it. As if everything was me, and I was everything. I didn’t have any perception of time or space. All that there was, was an all- pervading eternity – a state of non-dualism.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Through Neurotheology, I and my fellow scientists of twenty-first century have already taken the first step from the side of Science, to diminish the gap between Science and Religion. Now it is time for Religion to do the same.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Once the lotus of your inner divinity gets full-blown and you reach the mental state where all the religious giants of human history experienced the all-encompassing sense of godliness, the exuberance of the human mind turns infinite. Awakening into that state makes all the perceptual limitations of the mind disappear, just like a bucket of muddy water turns crystal-clear once poured into the ocean.
Kamand Kojouri|Always ask yourself: "What will happen if I say nothing?
Kamand Kojouri|Forgiveness is a transformative act because it asks you to be a more empathetic and compassionate person, thereby making you better than the person you were when you were first hurt.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Random acts of kindness, however small it may be can transform the world.
Darnell Lamont Walker|If you're calling for peace, I am not home.
Wole Soyinka, Climate of Fear: The Quest for Dignity in a Dehumanized World|Everything is linked,' said an enraptured Baremboim on stage; 'everyone is linked, all our actions have ramifications, and music is a teacher of this interconnected reality.' There was, however, in the letter a mundane, prosaic footnote that nibbled at the very edges of possible understanding, since understanding must always be preceded by human curiosity. Perhaps it will vanish in the charged space between one suicide bomber and the next military bulldozer that buries human beings alive within the imagined security of their own homes; perhaps it will join other shards of recollected moments of curiosity and discovery, to weld into a vessel of receptivity and response.
Kierra C.T. Banks|If perception is limited to experience and knowledge, what proof do we have of moral judgement?
Saminu Kanti|The goal is World and Inner Peace, Love, and Happiness for everyone. And a higher standard of living. No one can make it happen alone. But we can all “think globally, act locally” and try to act like a team. We don’t know unless we try to make this happen.
Kierra C.T. Banks|If perception is limited by experience, knowledge, and/or education, what deems my actions “correct” or my thoughts as moral?
Kierra C.T. Banks|If perception is limited by experience and knowledge, what deems my actions “correct” or my thoughts as moral?
S. O' Sade|Oh! It’s Friday again. Share the love that was missing during the week, In a worthy moment of peace and bliss.
Kamand Kojouri|To live, to truly live, one must consider each and every thing a blessing.
M. Basilea Schlink|He has been waiting for us, waiting in vain, and His fatherly heart was filled with grief. When He then sought to call us home through chastenings, we rebelled against Him and His actions and again refused to come home to the Father. What else should He do with us?
M. Basilea Schlink|With the word "Repent" He was beckoning to us as the Savior, offering us His love and salvation. But behind this word we can also see the grief of God that His children have turned away from Him.
M. Basilea Schlink|Is it not shameful to accept God's blessings as though they were our due without thinking of the heart of the Giver, who planned them all in love for us, and giving Him the response of love and gratitude?
raja shakeel mushtaque|Happiness is little more perplexing, in its search you lose peace inside yourself.
M. Basilea Schlink|Our repentance should begin with the fact that we have no longer taken the Word of God seriously and have not come to repentance. We dared to use our own standards and were satisfied when we lived up to them. We are like the Pharisees.Outwardly we participate in Christian activities, perhaps even enthusiastically...And we think that this is enough. We use our own yardstick.But God will measure our lives according to His standards, and we shall have no excuse when we appear before His judgment seat, for He has clearly proclaimed His standards in His Word.
M. Basilea Schlink|How quick we are to reject what others tell us! How fast we are to cast the blame on others, saying they always criticize us and find fault with us, they are not satisfied with anything we do, they do not understand us.But if we cannot accept anything others tell us, we are proud. The humble want to hear what others tell them. They have the courage to hear the truth about themselves and to admit that they need to change. Whether it is a small matter or a big matter, they say, "Yes, it is true. I need to turn over a new leaf.
M. Basilea Schlink|Our objections - whether they be theological or psychological - usually have but one root: It is pride that makes us reject the message of repentance.For repentance means humbling ourselves before God and man, changing our ways and making amends. In doing so, we admit that our former ways were wrong, and that is humbling.No other sin is so firmly ingrained in our hears as pride, especially in the hearts of those who acknowledge Jesus as their Savior.
Widad Akreyi|On the 25th anniversary of 16 Days of Activism Against Gender Violence, let us remember that we have a chance to save lives! If we don't take it, we may regret it!
M. Basilea Schlink|People say, "How can God let that happen? How can God remain silent about all the wicked things that happen on earth, about all the terrible crimes that are committed?" And here again self-righteousness makes us blind and deaf.We no longer perceive how God speaks in judgment through wars and all the other troubles in the world. Yes, He is speaking powerfully. Such judgments are His last attempt to win us back in love.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Peace is achieved when our conscience rests in the fact that we’ve engaged in ‘right’ living, verses believing that living is a ‘right.
Virginia Alison|Knowing when you should weigh up your options, remain calm and not take everything at face value has certain benefitsEnding the day with with a peaceful soul is one...
M. Basilea Schlink|Self-justification - that is, claiming one's innocence and thus in the final analysis blaming God - is an inheritance we have received from Adam and Eve. Even the worst criminals have this urge to exonerate themselves.They claim innocence in the face of the most heinous crimes. Prison chaplains write that there is no place like prison to find so many self-righteous people, maintaining that they are actually innocent. They think they have been imprisoned unjustly. We human beings have an excuse for everything and thus we see no reason why we should repent and turn from our ways. If we think we are in the right, that we have good reason to justify ourselves and say that we are not guilty, why should we repent?
Petra Hermans|The Religion Of The Blue CircleReligious Leader Petra Cecilia Maria HermansBecause of peace, by peace, in peace.
M. Basilea Schlink|If we are discouraged because we lack repentance and excuse ourselves by saying that it does not lie in our power to obtain a contrite heart, because repentance can only be granted as a miracle of the Holy Spirit, it is a sign that our thinking has been clouded by the Enemy.
Luminita D. Saviuc|Fill your heart with love. Forgive and let go. Not necessarily because those who mistreated you deserve it, but because you do. Let forgiveness liberate you from your past. Allow it to take away all the resentment you’ve kept in your heart for all this time and allow it to fill in that empty space with love. Forgive, release and let go.
Michelle Griep, The Captive Heart|Perhaps God is not calling you to live for peace, but rather to fight for it.
Abhijit Naskar|Harmony and Peace do not rise from any church, temple, mosque or synagogue. They can only rise from individual human conscience.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|All things seek for comfort and no one wants discomfort. A sound mind does not just improve speed; it increases efficiency and joy, and bond the body and the soul perfectly as well!
Luminita D. Saviuc, 15 Things You Should Give Up to Be Happy: An Inspiring Guide to Discovering Effortless Joy|Forgiveness is a gift you give to yourself, to be at peace, to be happy and to be able to sleep at night. You don’t forgive because you are weak but because you are strong enough to realize that only by giving up on resentment will you be happy.
R.D. Blackmore, Complete Collection of R. D. Blackmore|I wandered in the streets, what with the noise the people made, the number of the coaches, the running of the footmen, the swaggering of great courtiers, and the thrusting aside of everybody, many a time I longed to be back among the sheep again, for fear of losing my peacefulness of spirit.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|At such times, under an abated sun; afloat all day upon smooth, slow heaving swells; seated in his boat, light as a birch canoe; and so sociably mixing with the soft waves themselves, that like hearth-stone cats they purr against the gunwale; these are the times of dreamy quietude, when beholding the tranquil beauty and brilliancy of the ocean's skin, one forgets the tiger heart that pants beneath it; and would not willingly remember, that this velvet paw but conceals a remorseless fang.
M. Basilea Schlink|Only penitent sinners, who are granted forgiveness, are set on fire with love for Jesus. So I can testify how impoverished a life without daily repentance is. Heaven does not draw near. The radiance of joy is missing. There is no adoration or songs of praise. Love for Jesus is not burning in one's heart. There is no power in one's ministry, and it bears no fruit.
M. Basilea Schlink|Thus the penitent are actually sincere, truthful and realistic. They sorrow for their sins before it it too late, unlike others who neglect to do so and will be sorry for their sins for all eternity. They are grieved over their sins now, so that they can turn over a new leaf and begin to lead a new and different life.
M. Basilea Schlink|To be spiritually alive is to live in repentance. Spiritually dead are those Christians who never weep over their sins or who have long ceased to do so. Dead - in God's eyes - are those Christians who can no longer rejoice over God's forgiveness. Whenever this joy is missing, even if we may call ourselves committed Christians, there is something wrong in our lives.
M. Basilea Schlink|Only repentance can save us from spiritual death and lead us to eternal life, and only repentance lets us have a foretaste of this divine life here and now.
M. Basilea Schlink|Only those who are alive can bring life to others. The spiritually dead are unable to generate life, because there is no life in them. They cannot be a testimony to others by their deeds. They are simply dead. Whoever does not live in repentance belongs to the spiritually dead, who cannot bring anyone to life. But the penitent are full of life, divine life; and they can bring others to life. Whenever someone repents, he scarcely needs to say a word. He doesn't need to preach at others. Rather, when he lies prostrate before God and man and confesses with a broken and contrite heart, "I have sinned; I am guilty," his words have the power of life. They can open the hardest hearts and bring to life the spiritually dead.
M. Basilea Schlink|Everyone hungers for a foretaste of heaven. The word "heaven" strikes a note in everyone's heart, for all men are Adam's children, driven out of paradise, but still cherishing a deep desire for the lost paradise.
M. Basilea Schlink|Repentance is the gateway through which the Gospel can come to us. Repentance is the gateway to a joy-filled life with Christ, for it is the prerequisite for attaining forgiveness, and wherever forgiveness is received, there is salvation and joy.
M. Basilea Schlink|Sinners with broken and contrite hearts have but one desire. Filled with thanksgiving, they want to love Him who loved them so much. They are so overwhelmed that He has borne their sins and carried them away. When we receive forgiveness, our hearts are so filled with joy that we cannot help but love Him with a lavish love. We cannot help but give our lives to Him who gave His life for us and set us free from the prison of sin. We cannot stop thanking Him, and so we do everything possible to bring Him joy and to bestow our gifts upon Him, serving Him with all our talents and strength. And this is what heaven is all about: centering upon Jesus and loving Him above all else.
M. Basilea Schlink|This sin weighs heavily upon the Body of Christ and will call down the judgment of God. In Germany there is an even greater sin weighing upon us Christians and that is the crime our nation has committed against Israel, God's chosen people.Six million Jews were killed; because of this the wrath of God is upon us. As Christians we are especially to blame. For when the terrible crime occurred and millions of Jews were tortured with inhuman cruelty and killed at the hands of German people, the Church in our country remained silent.The Christians did not stand up as the Danes did and protest the injustice. With the exception of a number of individuals the church members were not driven by the desire to help the Jews at all costs. Nor did they ring the church bells the night the synagogues were burnt down.The Church gave no reaction - an indication that she was dead. Because we were silent, we heaped guilt upon ourselves, and we were struck by the judgment that later descended upon our nation.Our churches were destroyed. Germans were killed by the thousands in bombings. Refugees thronged the streets, and the Iron Curtain divided our country.
M. Basilea Schlink|By our everyday actions, by our unwillingness to admit our mistakes and sins, we Christians have declared God dead - perhaps without even realizing it. For is we no longer want to humble ourselves before God and man, acknowledging our sins, if we no longer want to repent, we do not need a living Savior.
M. Basilea Schlink|The spirit of contrition and repentance has by and large become foreign to us. Repentance implies a turning to God. Instead of repenting, however, we demand that God adjust to our modern concepts.Because the spirit of contrition and repentance is missing, church services , evangelizations and other Christian meetings often lack power and cannot move the listeners to tears of contrition. How very much we, the members of the Body of Christ, have hardened our hearts!We no longer want to see sin for what it is. When God is dishonoured and blasphemed and His commandments are abandoned, we do not regard it as such. Nor do we see that when God Himself is declared dead in His Church and His commandments are no longer regarded as binding, these are the signs of the times that Jesus said we should watch for.
M. Basilea Schlink|The increasing lawlessness and the fact that love has grown cold - signs that Jesus specifically named for the end times (Matthew 24:12) - are put aside by the Church as being of no great importance, although the unprecedented facts and examples are alarming. We need to call to mind certain trends in the past years.The soaring crime rate. The glorification of brutality and perverse forms of sex. The increase in drugs, which have already claimed millions of addicts. The alarming growth of involvement in occult activities, and in spiritism and even satanic cults.And all this is taking place in "Christian" nations, yes, mainly in these countries, and even in their churches. Who takes this as a challenge to pray, fast and repent?
M. Basilea Schlink|We are apathetic and indifferent towards our sins, and we are usually not disturbed by them at all. We are more likely to weep over what is done to us, or over difficult leadings. We weep over our sorrows, troubles and disappointments. Each one of us does so, for this is our human nature.But not everyone comes to the point of true contrition and repentance and weeps over his sins. Such reactions are foreign to human nature. The human heart has a way of thinking that it is always in the right and has no need to weep over its sins. By nature, we are self-confident and impenitent. We blame others or even accuse God when we do not understand His ways.
M. Basilea Schlink|The human heart has a way of thinking that it is always in the right and has no need to weep over its sins. By nature, we are self-confident and impenitent. We blame others or even accuse God when we do not understand His ways.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Our highest contribution is making this world peaceful and happy. That comes when we can radiate peace and harmony from every cell, gene and DNA of our body.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Peace is the music of every soul. Our glory lies in understanding, listening and honoring that music
Mango Wodzak, Destination Eden|Most people just want to be left in peace to eat their bacon, not realising that there is no peace behind bacon.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Enlightenment is making every cell, gene and DNA as the radiator of peace and harmony.
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|I was born for the peaceful life,for rural quiet:the lyre's voice in the wild is more resounding,creative dreams are more alive.To harmless leisures consecrated,I wander by a wasteful lakeand far niente is my rule.By every morn I am awakened unto sweet mollitude and freedom;little I read, a lot I sleep,fugitive fame do not pursue.Was it not thus in former years,that I spent in inaction, in the shade,my happiest days?
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|With belles no longer did he fall in love,but dangled after them just anyhow;when they refused, he solaced in a twinkle;when they betrayed, was glad to rest.He would seek them without intoxication,while he left them without regret,hardly remembering their love and spite.Exactly thus does an indifferent guestdrive up for evening whist:sits down; then, once the game is over,he drives off from the place,at home falls peacefully asleep,and in the morning does not know himself where he will drive to in the evening.
Roshan Sharma|Life should never happen to you, but you should hold the power over life, with what kind of experience you wish to have, without any internal and external pressure.
Shannon Claire Morelli, Heaven Awaits|The pendulum wall clock ticked and the ancient refrigerator clicked on. From outside came the low mooing of a cow. Such peace, thought Emily.
Frederick Buechner, Wishful Thinking: A Theological ABC|The contradiction is resolved when you realize that for Jesus peace seems to have meant not the absence of struggle, but the presence of love. -p83
Iisakki Totuudentalo|War is a seed of bigger war, but Peace is the seed of God.
Harry Whitewolf, Rhyme and Rebellion|Stop praying for salvation when it is clear,You are the saviours that we need around here.
Tara Estacaan|May there be an abundance of kindness, hope, patience, light and joy in your life.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., If This Isn't Nice, What Is?: Advice for the Young|Jesus of Nazareth told us to say these twelve words when we prayed: 'Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us.' ... And for those words alone, he deserves to be called ;the Prince of Peace.
Karen A. Baquiran|Everything you have ever done has led up to this very moment. Savor your life, the lessons, the wisdom, the failures, the victories and all the relationships that have made an imprint in your journey.
Karen A. Baquiran|Don't settle. If you settle, you already know it's below your standards. You are entitled to the best this life has to offer.
Karen A. Baquiran|Listen to your intuition. When you're at a crossroad, the little voice is always talking to you. You just have to pay attention.
Karen A. Baquiran|Jump every hurdle. If you feel like everything negative has happened to you, you were given these obstacles because the Universe knows that you are strong enough to handle it.
Karen A. Baquiran|People can be animals. They will use you, take you for a ride, abuse you and take all your precious light away from you. Rise above their manipulation and egotistical bullshit because they are NOTHING without you. No one deserves your light but yourself.
Karen A. Baquiran|When we live free in the eyes of our spirit, everything superficial that we were once conditioned to believe no longer matters. We should live only with the intention of LOVE and channel that power outward into the world.
Laure Lacornette|Peace above all, even above love.
Jerry Sarkwah|Winning, being smart is not all that required, but the fulfillment of Christian race brings peace , love and joy to the mind and soul.
Akiroq Brost|Whenever you find your mind wandering to the past or future, pull yourself back into the present. Making peace, working through forgiveness of yourself and others over whatever happened in the past will help you to not revisit the past. Acceptance is an important tool when dealing with all that happened before the present moment. Remember, you cannot go back and change anything that has happened. Nothing at all. It was, what is was. You are here now, in the present, and as such, have the power to affect only the present.
Kathy McClary, A Kid's Study Guide to Praise|Our fight against racism should not be a matter of black and white, but good and evil.
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|Peace is an effect, or offspring, of Truth. To find Truth without is to find Truth within. To find Truth within is to find peace within. To find peace within is to find the source to peace without. In the event that the source to peace without is found, it cannot become a reality until it is first lived. To live in peace is to express Truth and to express Truth is to multiply peace. Peace begins as an internal realization of Truth, and then translates into an external expression of Truth. There cannot be peace without until there is first peace within. There cannot be peace within until there is first an inner realization of Truth.
Abhijit Naskar|Don't hate the Muslims or Islam. Hate if you must, the fundamentalists who consistently compel the human society to turn away from even the peace loving Muslims. However, the term hate would be an understatement when we are referring to the fundamentalists. The fundamentalists are the biggest enemies of the human race. Without the presence of the fundamentalist inspiration, no violence in the name of religion shall ever fester on this planet. People from all religious, spiritual and non-religious background shall live in harmony, enriching each other's lives, if there are no fundamentalists to divide them apart.
Marc Bekoff, Why Dogs Hump and Bees Get Depressed: The Fascinating Science of Animal Intelligence, Emotions, Friendship, and Conservation|Why is it that blood, rather than peace, sells?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you find yourself engaged in an argument that only stirs anger in the heart, quickly make peace and carry on.
Bert McCoy|Seeking enlightenment is a waste of your time. ..In reality there is no seeker, no search, and no words.
Nelson Mandela|Peace is not just the absence of conflict; peace is the creation of an environment where all can flourish regardless of race, color, creed, religion, gender, class, caste or any other social markers of difference.
Leo Tolstoy|Only one thing is necessary: we should all have a pure heart, with no anger, hatred, irritation, or hostility in it. If you feel hostility toward another person, think about their inner state. Do not think about yourself, or that you want to prove yourself right. In your quiet, inner thoughts, try to find the good in others. Do not say anything bad about others, even in your own thoughts. When you interact with a person, try to find as much common ground as possible, the more the better, and try to nurture this feeling. To cease being angry with a person and instead to seek peace, forgiveness and love toward him, remind yourself of any sins you may have in common and compare them.
Akshay Vasu|In the middle of the night, I saw chaos bleeding out of darkness and peace. Everything that was said and seen before seemed like a paradox. I saw the graves of lies breaking open and the truth crawling out silently into the cold hearts.
Rachel Naomi Remen, Kitchen Table Wisdom: Stories That Heal|Inner peace is more a question of cultivating perspective, meaning, and wisdom even as life touches you with its pain.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|Love gives us happiness, peace then it gives us a lot of pain and you also have to sacrifice your happiness, then you began to hate that person, so fall for friendships. Respect each other’s space and styles, then hangout and enjoy
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|God is working on your behalf, for your happiness and inner peace. So move forward in faith, believing that He is with you and for you because He is.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|As long as there will be something to conquer, world peace will be a pipe dream
Gabbo De La Parra|The problem with today’s world is that we’re so used to fucking labels we must identify as something, whatever, anything— but HUMANS.The day we stop this obsession with male, female, black, white, godly, godless, conservative, liberal, gay, straight, rich, poor, and just call ourselves HUMANS, this desperate blue planet will become a better place for all.
Vi Keeland, The Baller: A Down and Dirty Football Novel|I had thought peace was a place where there was no turbulence or fear. Where there were no highs and lows and where happiness was found in the calm at the center. But at that moment, I finally realized peace wasn’t about avoiding things. It was about making the choice to live life with all its chaos around you, and in the midst of it all, having calm in your heart.
Oliver Sacks, Gratitude|I find my thoughts, increasingly, not on the supernatural or spiritual but on what is meant by living a good and worthwhile life—achieving a sense of peace within oneself.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Dalai Lama's Little Book of Inner Peace: The Essential Life and Teachings|From the Buddhist point of view, all living beings -- that is, beings with feelings, experiences, and sensations -- are considered equal. Human beings can live without eating meat. As human beings, I think that deep down our nature tends towards vegetarianism and leads us to do everything in our power to prevent harming other species.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Dalai Lama's Little Book of Inner Peace: The Essential Life and Teachings|Weapons never stay in their boxes. Once a weapon has been manufactured, sooner or later someone will use it. If it were possible to bring about true and lasting peace by force of arms, then we should turn all our factories into weapons factories. But that is impossible. Even though it is difficult to try to bring about peace through inner transformation, it is the only way of establishing sustainable peace in the world.
Debasish Mridha|To bring peace to this beautiful home we call Earth, let us all sing a song of love.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Success is a trophy, a title, something gained, attained or retained. Fulfilment, true happiness, contentment.... bliss is the gift of the self-realised. That is the real prize.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|When we begin to live like Jesus, people will perceive our peace as an indictment on their violence; they will see our security as an indictment on their insecurity.
Jay Woodman|Mantra: My swirling mind becomes peaceful, and my body releases all tension. I surrender to the love of the universe, which heals me totally.
Debasish Mridha|Without peace, life loses its prime purpose.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|John Lewis said, "You have to be taught the way of peace, the way of love, the way of nonviolence. In the religious sense, in the moral sense, you can say that in the bosom of every human being, there is a spark of the divine. So you don’t have a right as a human to abuse that spark of the divine in your fellow human being. From time to time, we would discuss that, if you have someone attacking you, beating you, spitting on you, you have to think of that person. Years ago that person was an innocent child, an innocent little baby. What happened? Did something go wrong? Did someone teach that person to hate, to abuse others? You try to appeal to the goodness of every human being and you don’t give up. You never give up on anyone.
Mike Bond, Killing Maine|A moment of peace and silence, breathing in and out the frigid air, watching daylight seep into the forest, hearing the first chatter of distant crows, the wind sighing over the snow and through the fir and pine branches and the twittering of chickadees as they flitted in little tribes from tree to tree.
David Brin, The Postman|We have earned our peace. It is, by now, more precious than honor, or even pity.
Harshvardhan Malpani|Why eye for an eye, when we can have smile for a smile ?
Stellah Mupanduki, For The Sound Mind: Heal Me Lord For I Am Weak|Books of protectionThe Stellah Mupanduki books are full of protection of everything in your life. When you read them, then, you are protected physically, you are protected emotionally, you are protected in your environment, you are protected in your family, your children are protected, you are protected in your business and career, you are protected in your investments, you are protect in the work of your hands, you are protected in your home, you are protected in your hometown, in your country and in this whole world...You are protected as you travel…You are protected wherever you are and wherever you go...You are just protected in everything about you...You are protected with the wonderful presence of the Holy Spirit of God that comes into your life with an anointing presence as you read and absorb the works of God Almighty breathed in the Stellah Mupanduki books. Don't miss a single title, go for all of them in order to receive in fullness the true presence of the Holy Spirit coming to dwell in your body, soul and life with a wonderful healing protection. Buy these books and you will have nothing to worry about in your life...Says the Lord God Almighty.
Debasish Mridha|We all have different needs, thoughts, ideas, visions, languages, colors, and creeds, but we all want peace and happiness.
Arash Tabish|Something which is very much common in our society and our world at these days is that everyone worried and busy about stopping terrorism, let me to tell you that, Yes there is an easy way to stop Terrorism and that is by stop supporting terrorism, as we know everyone of us is responsible for our own future, we can make our future brighter or darker, we can make sure that we will have a peaceful future or a future full of problems and war, so we need to stop supporting terrorism and stop participating in it, cause we need to accept the fact that most of us from one way or another way supporting and participating terrorism so please stop supporting terrorism, Let's be positive and have hope for a better future and most important we need to refuse pick up guns and go war, remember we need to stay human cause i believe human Should not kill human. Let's refuse to pick up guns, go war and kill our fellow human beings.
Brian Zahnd, A Farewell to Mars: An Evangelical Pastor's Journey Toward the Biblical Gospel of Peace|The fall of communism had more to do with prayer meetings in Poland than bombs dropped on Cambodia. War is, among other things, impatience.
Stanley Hauerwas, Resident Aliens: Life in the Christian Colony|The Church really does not know what [peace and justice] mean apart from the life and death of Jesus of Nazareth. After all, Pilate permitted the killing of Jesus in order to secure both peace and justice (Roman style) in Judea.
Inshan Meahjohn|Our lives can be compared to beautiful streams, which are destined to flow, grow in majesty to create wonderful features such as cascading waterfalls, and give nourishment and life to those in its path. Inshan Meahjohn
Inshan Meahjohn|Stay in the light, as those who seek to stay in the dark cannot touch you! - Inshan Meahjohn
Inshan Meahjohn|If you were blessed to wake up this morning, remember that you have indeed won the grand universal lottery; you have been given yet another chance at life! Your big question is, what will you do with your winnings today? Inshan Meahjohn
Auliq-Ice|Never plan to make this world your permanent abode, for it is temporal for all, rather permanent your ideas & purpose here.
Auliq Ice, The Secret of Greatness|When you fill life with mourning and complaints, your accomplishments will be a little lower than success.
Melina Marchetta, Quintana of Charyn|There's a song that I hear at the back of my heart that I feared for so long, when I sensed you were there. And I think of those times when you crept into my dreams and I thought you a threat to curse my sweet king. But it was the boy in your belly that whispered to mine, and even before that, you lived in my spirit. Because I think of those times when I was a child. I prayed to the gods and I begged for a sign. I know that they sent you, despite the blood of all those you loved shed at the hands of my kin. For you were the one who found him in exile and though it took time, you led Froi to his home. And you've sent me this trinket that hardened my heart, because I wanted your words and a sign of true peace. But I’ve opened it now after all these long weeks, and Froi stares at it, speechless, when I hold out my hand. And we see it before us, our spirits shaking. The brilliance of color: the same ruby ring.Oh, you’ve outdone me twice now, you queen of forgiveness. The ring’s a promise of peace, and I’m greedy with hope. It’s a song that we sing in a tongue that we share. And though you say it’s a gift from a king to a king, I say it’s a sign from a queen to a queen.
Janice  Anderson|The greater the fear, the greater the opportunity for growth.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|The temptation is too strong for me. Oh, Lord! where is Thy peace that I believed in, in my childhood? – that I hear people speaking of now, as if it hushed up the troubles of life, and had not to be sought for – sought for, as with tears of blood! [-Jemima, chapter 26, pg. 275]
Gugu Mona|Peace is significant for any country that seeks prosperity, because it is easier to uplift the economy in a peaceful environment.
John Bruna|Every thought, word, and action plants seeds in the garden of your life. Are you planting seeds of love, compassion, peace, or those of anger, resentment and dissatisfaction? Choose wisely and tend your garden well.
Janice  Anderson|Embracing each instant creates enthusiasm and joy towards your life. Each moment is new, exciting, and fresh when you accept instead of judge and deny. Your whole life is transformed into celebrated moments.
Janice  Anderson|By taking responsibility for your life, including your actions, reactions, thoughts, and words, you can create the life you know you deserve. How you live no longer depends on anyone or anything other than yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Keep windows of your mind always open, and let the breeze of peace come in with the fragrance of happiness.
Debasish Mridha|To find true peace, forgive those who fill your mind with hatred and instead show them the path of love.
Debasish Mridha|To find universal peace, teach yourself and everyone else to be kind, compassionate, and forgiving.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not the absence of violence or war; it is the presence of kindness, compassion, love, and care.
Edward Hoagland|Silence is exhilarating at first - as noise is - but there is a sweetness to silence outlasting exhilaration, akin to the sweetness of listening and the velvet of sleep
Debasish Mridha|If your heart has no peace, then the value of your life is nothing.
Debasish Mridha|If you can't find peace inside you, you will not be able to find it anywhere else.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is simple, but it takes great courage to be simple and walk the path of peace.
Kamand Kojouri|Name and form are simply illusions of separation. Love doesn’t make us blind; rather, it erases the illusions so we can see clearly.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Out of all the other gangs that were around, you could always have come to the reasoning table of the Rebellions without being fearful and present your case, and whatever is decided at the reasoning table you know that is what it will be, whether it’s war or peace. Unlike the other gangs that were around, you didn’t even know who to talk to. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand members
Don Marquis, Archyology : The Long Lost Tales of Archy and Mehitabel|Every honorable man is forced to yield to blackmail once or twice in his life, just for the sake of keeping peace in the community.
Steven Magee|If peaceful protesting really worked, the need to peacefully protest would have subsided to almost zero a long time ago! Instead, the thing that has subsided to almost zero are the number of complaints filed against police officers that are actually upheld.
Debasish Mridha|To find a peaceful world, a man of wisdom creates peace within himself.
Debasish Mridha|We will find true peace only when we learn to see that there is no difference among ourselves, realize that we are different manifestations of one, and we love each other as brother and sister.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to conform, but it takes great courage to stand up for peace.
Akshay Vasu|I have seen people starting the fire with water, turning every breeze into a storm, create chaos out of peace. Few people are meant to destroy everything and themselves no matter what, and if you hold on to them long they will take you into their abyss and tear you into pieces.
Angie karan|Make peace with your now moment. Live in this very moment and be happy with what you have. Joy enters when we stop complaining about the troubles we have and offering thanks for all the troubles we don’t have. And be aware, you have to fight through some bad days to earn the best days of your life.﻿
Vironika Tugaleva|Life is not a sport. Life is not math. There is no final end goal and there is no right answer. Just because your truth does not match someone else's truth does not make either of you wrong. Life is not a zero sum game. If I am right, that does not make you wrong. If you are right, that does not make me wrong either. A jar of vinegar can sit in a cupboard beside a box of baking soda peacefully, and we can allow those who disagree with us to exist alongside us without reacting to them. There is nothing to prove. There is enough room in the world for all of us.
Kemi Sogunle|Take a look at the plants. They come together and thrive peacefully in the garden or park. They lean on each other without trying to outdo one another. They serve as a sign that we can see beyond our differences and embrace each other in love while allowing our uniqueness to add color to our world. If plants can live in harmony and show their beauty to the world, we as humans can do much more.
Clifford Odets, Golden Boy|You make me feel too human, Joe. All I want is peace and quiet, not love. I'm a tired old lady, Joe, and I don't mind being what you call "half dead." In fact it's what I like. The twice I was in love I took an awful beating and I don't want it again! I want you to stop it! Don't devil me, Joe. I beg you, don't devil me...
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When the world becomes peaceful for the birds, the birds will sing a harmonious chorale
Nikola Tesla|War can not be avoided until the physical cause for its recurrence is removed and this, in the last analysis, is the vast extent of the planet on which we live.
Chidi Prosper Agbugba|There's nothing like PEACE. It's neglected by many but the surest way to greatness. It gives you the consciousness to move about without fear, peace is seen as a panacea for economic growth and human capital development of any society. Fighting your colleague in the office or school is not gonna make you have an edge but it's certainly will limit you. You cannot be trusted if you're not a peace loving person. No wonder, people distance themselves from you because of your anti-peace attitude. If you end up crucifying someone, what's gonna be your gain? why not extend hand of fellowship and dialogue it out. Violence isn't gonna help any situation!Peace is everything for a prosperous living. I envisage a future where people will preach peace, act peace and live peacefully.#LetsDialogue #PeaceAdvocate #PositiveImpact
Clifford Odets|You make me feel too human, Joe. All I want is peace and quiet, not love. I'm a tired old lady, Joe, and I don't mind being what you call "half dead." In fact it's what I like. The twice I was in love I took an awful beating and I don't want it again! I want you to stop it Don't devil me, Joe. I beg you, don't devil me...
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|WHO AM I?I have seven heavenly panelsLeading up to a pointed sphereI’m multidimensional like a crystalAnd my center is never clear.I’m an inventor and pioneer.A mentor to my peers.But I'm not as sound as my shell reveals,Because I’m tormented by my fears -That may appear to be groundedBut my insides are filled with tears.And the sadness is well-founded,From years and yearsOf traumatic experiencesCompoundedIn the most dementedAtmospheres.I talk but feel like nobody hears.Has reason disappeared?And, God, are you near?This is Giza’s 7th light forceAnd I'm asking you to interfere.I can no longer walk amongst the blind and deadWith open eyes and ears.I’m trying to maintain my sanityAnd to straighten up my veneerAs I roll amongst the growing calamitiesFlowing on Earth’s severely trashedFrontier.Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun (2010)
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|Three, 300, or 3,000 - these are the number of unknown days, a week, a year, or a decade, each far too precious little and yet, poignantly too much at the same time, to see an irrevocably declined loved one languish and suffer. That fear-ridden, irreversible release lingers in the doorway, but hesitates for reasons we don't understand, leaving us to weep with a mixture of angst and gratitude all at the same time. It is finally ushered all the way in, to comfort and carry our loved one to that Better Place. When the time finally comes, we can be enveloped in a warm cloak of long-awaited acceptance and peace that eases our own pain. It quiets the grief which has moaned inside of us, at least some, every single one of those bittersweet days, weeks... or years.
Daniel D. Maurer, Sobriety: A Graphic Novel|But prayer and meditation aren't only in the realm of religion. I'd say neither is God, for that matter, brother Matt. What it's about is finding a peaceful center, even when we think that life is totally whack!
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|Three, 300, or 3,000 - these are the number of unknown days, a week, a year, or a decade, each far too precious little and yet, poignantly too much at the same time, to see an irrevocably declined loved one languish and suffer. That irreversible release lingers in the doorway, but is never quite ushered all the way in, to comfort and carry our loved one to that Better Place.” When the time finally comes, we can be enveloped in a warm cloak of long-awaited acceptance and peace that eases our own pain; that quiets the grief which has moaned inside of us, at least some, every single one one of those bittersweet days, weeks... or years.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|Three, 300, or 3,000 - these are the number of unknown hours, days, a week, a year, or a decade, each far too precious little and yet, poignantly too much at the same time, to see an irrevocably declined loved one languish and suffer. That fear-ridden, irreversible release lingers in the doorway, but hesitates for reasons we don't understand, leaving us to weep a special cocktail of tears made of angst and gratitude, permeating us with some of the deepest emotions we will ever know. Finally, the release is ushered all the way in, to comfort and carry our loved one to that Better Place. It also envelopes us in a warm cloak of acceptance and peace that eases our own pain. It quiets the grief which has moaned inside of us, at least some, every single one of those bittersweet hours, days, weeks... or years.” Until that day of our own flying away, and beholding our loved one again, in that Beautiful Paradise.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|...somehow, the very errors and faults of one individual served to call out the higher excellencies in another, and so they re-acted upon each other, and the result of short discords was exceeding harmony and peace.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|It’s not about you. The purpose of your life is far greater than your own personal fulfillment, your peace of mind, or even your happiness. It's far greater than your family, your career, or even your wildest dreams and ambitions. If you want to know why you were placed on this planet, you must begin with God. You were born by his purpose and for his purpose.
John Paul II|Real peace is not just a matter of structures and mechanisms. It rests above all on the adoption of a style of human coexistence marked by mutual acceptance and a capacity to forgive from the heart. We all need to be forgiven by others, so we must all be ready to forgive. Asking and granting forgiveness is something profoundly worthy of every one of us,
John Scalzi, Questions for a Soldier|Making peace is often a simple thing, but simple isn’t the same thing as easy.
Kass Morgan, Homecoming|Remember, there is no peace without peaceful exchange.
Mark Ryan|People say you can't have peace without a war, but on the contrary they say they don't support war. You can not, ever achieve happiness from focusing on suffering, you have to change your perspective. World peace starts with Inner peace.
Pope Francis, The Church of Mercy|No amount of 'peace-building' will be able to last, nor will harmony and happiness be attained, in a society that ignores, pushes to the margins, or excludes a part of itself; it loses something essential. We must never, never allow the throwaway culture to enter our hearts! ... No one is disposable!
Anna M. Aquino|In your life, the people become like a patchwork quilt. Some leave with you a piece that is bigger than you wanted and others smaller than you thought you needed. Some are that annoying itchy square in the corner, and others that piece of worn flannel. You leave pieces with some and they leave their pieces with you. All the while each and every square makes up a part of what is you. Be okay with the squares people leave you. For life is too short to expect from people what they do not have to give, or were not called to give you.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Beware of smile, for it is a double edged sword; it cuts the helmet of tension from others head and backfires the peace to yours.
Jeanette Coron|If you stop feeding strife, it will eventually lead to a peaceful life.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|... In the chamber of death... I see a repose that neither earth nor hell can break, and I feel an assurance of the endless and shadowless hereafter-the Eternity they have entered-where life is boundless in its duration, and love in its sympathy, and joy in its fullness... One might doubt in seasons of cold reflection; but not then in the presence of her corpse. It asserted its own tranquility, which seemed a pledge of equal quiet to its former inhabitant.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|When you are close to divine and get guidance from the divine, life becomes easy. Intuition is where peace, magic and glory are.
Richard Carlson, Don't Sweat the Small Stuff ... and it's all small stuff: Simple Ways to Keep the Little Things from Taking Over Your Life|If you want your life to stand for peace and kindness, it's helpful to do kind, peaceful things.
Criss Jami|If you want to know how negative you are, pay attention to how much you hate negativity in other people. Fragile, artificial positivity needs always to be surrounded by more positivity in order to stay positive, but the ability to be positive, happy, and even, at times, appreciative around 'negative people' is the mark of real positivity.
Germany Kent|Funny how we do not realize the true value and legacy of a living icon until they suddenly pass away. Truth is, there are many living legends among us, we just do not stop and take time to notice their worth until it's too late.
Trevor Driggers|Maybe if we just lay beneath the stars long enough, all our worries will dissipate into the cosmos. And we can lay there motionless, yet sailing across the stars.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If achieving world peace and ending poverty were really genuine concerns to the majority, then they would have happened already by now. So, either people are not aware of their collective power, or their fears overpower their desires. The amount of money spent on the military-industrial complex in one year is more than enough to end hunger in Africa. Every problem on earth today has more than one solution. However, priorities are determined by values.
Emalynne Wilder, Infinite Dolls|I've never feared death before. I’ve always been willing to die. Sometimes I even welcomed it, wishing for this all to be over and finally find peace in an endless sleep. But when I look at you, I see possibility, and I start to do what I know better than to do—I wonder
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|I was cursing and swearing at you because of that address, I hated you already because of the lies I had told you. Because I only like playing with words, only dreaming, but, do you know, what I really want is that you should all go to hell. That is what I want. I want peace; yes, I'd sell the whole world for a farthing, straight off, so long as I was left in peace. Is the world to go to pot, or am I to go without my tea? I say that the world may go to pot for me so long as I always get my tea.
Debasish Mridha|I love everyone and everything. I belong to everyone and everything. I am a citizen of this world. I created my own universe. I don’t want to belong to an ideology or belief system. I don’t want to be imprisoned by someone else’s conforming thoughts. I only accept that which is beautiful, loving, and kind. I want to belong to this universe until I am gone. We are one; we are kin. So my religion is love and kindness is my prayer. Altruism is my path. Peace is my palace where I dwell with humility and happiness.
Virginia Alison|Silence is a time of reflection to bring peace and meaning to your life, and to those around you. This deafening quiescence will mean different things to different people but if they listen carefully, they will understand...
Debasish Mridha|If everyone takes one action for peace every day, our future generations will be able to enjoy peace.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Poems of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Lull me to sleep, ye winds, whose fitful soundSeems from some faint Aeolian harp-string caught;Seal up the hundred wakeful eyes of thoughtAs Hermes with his lyre in sleep profoundThe hundred wakeful eyes of Argus bound;For I am weary, and am overwroughtWith too much toil, with too much care distraught,And with the iron crown of anguish crowned.Lay thy soft hand upon my brow and cheek,O peaceful Sleep! until from pain releasedI breathe again uninterrupted breath!Ah, with what subtile meaning did the GreekCall thee the lesser mystery at the feastWhereof the greater mystery is death!
Erasmus, Against War|We being satiate with continual wars, let the desire of peace a little move us.
― Martin Luther King, Jr.|Violence as a way of achieving racial justice is both impractical and immoral. I am not unmindful of the fact that violence often brings about momentary results. Nations have frequently won their independence in battle. But in spite of temporary victories, violence never brings permanent peace.
Debasish Mridha|If life is a magnificent journey, then peace is the way and happiness is the destination.
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|Some offer their out-flowing breath into the breath that flows in; and the in-flowing breath into the breath that flows out; they aim at Pranayama, breath-harmony, and the flow of their breath is in peace.
Ramana Pemmaraju|The fact is very few men live harmoniously, while most of us survive miraculously!
Debasish Mridha|I am overflowing with love, peace, joy, happiness and abundance.” Let this be your morning prayer.
Sama Akbar|On the shores of tranquility, meet me between now and again.
Mimi Ikonn|When you establish peace, when you etablish love, when you establish kindness here [inside], you cannot act any other way to the outside world.
Donna Goddard, Love's Longing|Somewhere along the way, there develops within the soul a yearning that can no longer be ignored, a craving for the great love affair. We feel it drawing ever closer. It is the greatest of them all. It cannot fail. It is all consuming. It is incomparable. It is the love affair with our own true nature and the source from which it comes. The desire is in all of us but, more often than not, it is ignored for other interests. We wrestle with each interest, trying to make it work, growing with each adventure until the light has grown bright enough for us to reach for it.
Debasish Mridha|When we declare war for peace, we may win the war and lose the battle.
Donna Goddard, Love's Longing|We love with all our heart, in every way that we can love but the heart is not burdened. We learn to keep it light and pliable. It has space. It breathes. It waits on Life to give instructions. It sings with sweetness when the winds are soft and warm. It stands with calm patience when the storm is brewing. It lets go when death and seeming endings have left their irrefutable mark. It moves. It heals. It hopes. It allows Life to be lived in the safe, fertile, and still inner space where it grows stronger and more compelling every day.
Deyth Banger|I know the strategy, I know the logic, I know the way but everything is on theory, but fuck me without action it's just a one peace which isn't assembled!
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|She said, I'm going to miss you when you when I wake up.Don't wake up, he answered.But he did.Kestrel, beside him on the grass, said. "Did I wake you? I didn't mean to."It took him a velvety moment to understand that this was real. The air was quiet. An insect beat it's clear wings. She brushed hair from his brow. Now he was very awake."You were sleeping so sweetly," she said."Dreaming" He touched her tender mouth."About what?""Come closer, and I will tell you."But he forgot. He kissed her, and became lost in the exquisite sensation of his skin becoming too tight for his body. He murmured other things instead. A secret, a want, a promise. A story, in its own way.She curled her fingers into the green earth
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|My war had been so long, my winter so cold. But i had made it home. And for the first time in a long time, i was not afraid.
Criss Jami|There are 2 kinds of fighters: those who fight because they hate, and those who fight because they love.
A.D. Posey|Every day, live in a way that honors who you are.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|Arin, are you all right?""How?" He managed. "How did her arm break?""She fell of a ladder."He must have visibly relaxed, because his cousin raised her brows and looked ready to scold. "I imagined something worse," he tried to explain.She appeared to understand his relief that pain, if it had to come, came this time without malice. Just and accident. Done by no one. The luck, sometimes of life. A bad slip that ends with bread, and someone to bind you.
Andreas Laurencius, Genesis|While it has been clear that right and wrong is nonexistent, I can't say that the concept of 'right or wrong' isn't needed. Because of ignorance, we still need authorities to set up rules and say 'vandalism is wrong, killing is wrong, et cetera.'People ask, "So, vandalism isn't wrong? Killing isn't wrong?" I answer, "Uneducated people say that vandalism is wrong. More educated people say that vandalism destroys the things that many people have spent their lives making. Uneducated people say that killing is wrong. More educated people say that killing takes away the only thing that matters which is lives." The more educated people are, the freer they will be, and the words 'right or wrong' won't be needed anymore.There was a bomb again in Brussels yesterday. I laughed. In the past, we had tyrannies because people didn't know what they could do and what they couldn't do. Now, we have democracy. Do we deserve democracy? Do we deserve freedom? No, we don't deserve freedom. We certainly don't deserve democracy. People are still voting for Donald Trump. And people still bomb other people. And socioeconomic gap is still high. Ignorance is still prevalent, so, if you ask me, "Do we deserve democracy? Do we deserve freedom? Do we deserve the world without authority, the world of truth, the world of peace?" I answer, "No, we don't."So, when you hear your president shouting 'Peace!', your government speaking 'Freedom!', ask them 'Are you educated?'Someone asks, "So, instead of 'right or wrong', you will now set up the rules about what we can do and we can't do?" I answer, "No. When will you understand? I stand for the world without authority, the world of truth, the world of peace. OK, forget the truth, forget my book, forget my paper. Let me expand science for you. You will let your fellow humans who are more educated than you set up the rules for you. When all the people are finally educated, please come back and reread my book and my paper, and when you finally understand them, please live in the world of no authority, the world of truth, the world of peace. Me? I probably have been gone by then."There is, however, a problem with how many educated people there are in the world. In my paper, I prove that right and wrong is nonexistent by showing that everything that exists is not wrong and is not right because everything that exists is the result of the thing(s) that happened before it and everything that exists can’t be right because future doesn’t exist. I wrote that terrorism is caused by capitalism (democracy) and capitalism (democracy) is caused by death.This paper was rejected.When educated people fail, there goes all your hope in the world.
Karon Waddell|One day, I would like to turn on the news and hear, there is Peace on Earth.
Safa (Me)|Peace, love, and chicken fingers man...
Laurence Overmire|The way to peace, harmony and balance for the planet is through the loving kindness of each individual heart.
Sigrid Undset, Catherine of Siena|It seems to her [Saint Catherine of Siena] that the devil has this world in his power, not by his own will, for he is powerless, but through our help because we obey him. The evil aroma rising from the ... wars which are waged by Christians against Christians, are the same as war against God. ... Peace, peace, for the sake of the love of the crucified Christ, and not war; that is the only solution.
B.D. Jordan, A Calling Dream|Loving yourself costs nothing, but not loving yourself could cost you everything.
A.D. Posey|Believe in people, they fly for a day. Teach them to believe in themselves, they soar for a lifetime.
Shilpa Menon|Calm is not a place where there is no noise or activity. It is the ability to be in the midst of these, yet experiencing peace within.
Angie karan|Acquiring a blissful brain and in peace, is when I think positively, the sounds around and within me become music, my movement as one of a conscious dance, my smile breaking in to an infectious laughter, my mind transcending in meditation, and my life grows and becomes a celebration!
Alok Jagawat|The lesser is the contact with the outside, the greater is the contact with inside.
Erik Pevernagie|Happiness is good management of expectations and good management means making order and assembling the contingent elements of the "do's'" and the "don'ts", the "maybe yes'" and the "maybe not's". When we really want to live in agreement with ourselves and find peace with the surrounding world, good management is liberating. ( " Expectations " )
Robin Hobb, Blood of Dragons|He thought perhaps it was a woman's way, to come out of such a storm of emotion and pain as if she were a ship emerging onto calm seas. She had seemed, not at peace, but emptied of sorrow. As if she had run out of that particular emotion and no other one arose to take its place.
Shannon L. Alder|The most compassionate and peaceful thing you can do for yourself and others is to let go of the past, let go of the anger, let go of trying to hurt people that wronged you. There are thousands of people dying from cancer that wish they had someone to care about them and be with them during their final days. There are children being sold into sex trafficking and are hoping someone would rescue them. There are homeless people that wish they had something warm to wear or eat. There is an entire species being wiped out because not enough people care about our oceans. Today, remember that there is someone praying for the very things you take for granted. Spend your effort where God needs you to be--on the front lines of the war on earth, not on the battlefields of the past.
James S.A. Corey, Drive|That’s what peace is, right? Postponing the conflict until the thing you were fighting over doesn’t matter.
Shannon L. Alder|Have you ever stopped to think that maybe God isn't trying to save you? Maybe, he is trying to remove all that hurt and anger inside of you so you can save everyone in this situation? Maybe, today you could be that peaceful warrior. Maybe, for once in your life you could not react, but respond. God is waiting for you to be his hero and heal people. When will you love, not hate? When will you show the best part of who you are? You have the power to be someone great. You can show kindness, compassion, mercy and love if you want to. You have been running your entire life thinking peace is found in what you hurt or cut away from your life. Have you ever considered peace is found in what you love, restore, bring kindness to and forgive? Maybe, today is your day to be someone different--someone the world can say was different because they cared about everyone's feelings.
Donna Goddard|Whenever possible, choose peace.
Teshima Yusuke 手島悠介|I shall write peace upon your wings,and you shall fly around the worldso that children will no longer haveto die this way.
Mahatma Gandhi|most Americans think of Rosa Parks as a demur, pleasant-enough seamstress who backed into history by being too tired to get out of her seat on a bus one day, in reality she had been trained in nonviolence spirit and tactics at a famous institution, Highlander Folk School. It seems to be a difficult concept for most of us that peace is a skill that can be learned. We know war can be learned, but we seem to think that one becomes a peacemaker by a mere change of heart. (23)
JohnPilger|Technology is a means, not an end, no matter how brilliant it appears. How we use digital technology, exploit it and benefit from it depends on old-fashioned political concepts of how we treat each other: how we approach class, race, gender and war and peace. Nothing has changed in that regard. At present, we are ruled by an extreme version of capitalism called 'neoliberalism'. Technology in the service of any extremism has a catastrophic history.
Debasish Mridha|When you love yourself, then you are at peace. Wants or needs cannot destroy it
Sanchita Pandey|Music with all its subtlety has immense power to unite people, spread love and bring peace in the world!
Robinson Jeffers, Selected Poems|In pleasant peace and security How suddenly the soul in a man begins to die He shall look up above the stalled oxen Envying the cruel falcon, And dig under the straw for a stone To bruise himself on.
Martin Luther King Jr.|A true revolution of values will soon cause us to question the fairness and justice of many of our past and present policies. On the one hand we are called to play the good Samaritan on life’s roadside; but that will be only an initial act. One day we must come to see that the whole Jericho road must be transformed so that men and women will not be constantly beaten and robbed as they make their journey on life’s highway.True compassion is more than flinging a coin to a beggar; it is not haphazard and superficial. It comes to see that an edifice which produces beggars needs restructuring. A true revolution of values will soon look uneasily on the glaring contrast of poverty and wealth.With righteous indignation, it will look across the seas and see individual capitalists of the West investing huge sums of money in Asia, Africa and South America, only to take the profits out with no concern for the social betterment of the countries, and say: “This is not just.” It will look at our alliance with the landed gentry of Latin America and say: “This is not just.” The Western arrogance of feeling that it has everything to teach others and nothing to learn from them is not just.A true revolution of values will lay hands on the world order and say of war: “This way of settling differences is not just.” This business of burning human beings with napalm, of filling our nation’s homes with orphans and widows, of injecting poisonous drugs of hate into veins of people normally humane, of sending men home from dark and bloody battlefields physically handicapped and psychologically deranged, cannot be reconciled with wisdom, justice and love.A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Learn to bring peace into life to still the chaos. Accentuate the joy of your heart, experiencing a life of bliss.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Sometimes we are tested with a great idea or opportunity just to see if we will act upon it, however the timing may not be right. We are being prepared for something else down the road... When we understand that all things happen for our benefit and we trust in the Lord, then we can accept what we have termed as "failures" knowing that in the end it will all work out and we will be happy.
A.D. Posey|The flower doth not worry, and the tree doth not waver.
Aristophanes, Peace|If it is necessary for us to do anything [in view of peace], direct us and architect.πρὸς τάδ’ ἡμῖν, εἴ τι χρὴ δρᾶν, φράζε κἀρχιτεκτόνει.
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|When we are at peace within our marriage, the effects can be astounding! We will raise happier children, become better employees, and overall find the joy in life.
Ishan Khatri|When we are able to offer to the other something of ourselves that can engage, nourish or sustain spirit then we most fully speak. Likewise, the forest is a bit more beautiful. The light finds its way in; reaching out to the ground guiding us to a heavenly place.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|If you want peace, prepare for ideological war with those who want others to prepare for physical war.
Angie karan|The map to our guidance lies within. Always follow your heart ! When your heart feels at peace, rest assured, you are on the right track.
Debasish Mridha|To be in peace, grow calmness and compassion in your heart.
Debasish Mridha|Today, take a dive in a beautiful, calm, tranquil lake of peace.
Debasish Mridha|If our purpose of life is live in peace and happiness, then why are we always preparing for war?
Angie karan|To have peace in our life we must honour our every MOMENT. Imagine living a full, meaningful and joyous life. Imagine miracles happening all around us. Imagine being filled with awe and gratitude each day, and laying down to sleep each night feeling peaceful and relaxed. We can, if we honour the sacred present in us and around us. Thus we make our lives collectively precious. Every moment is sacred! Being mindful of the sacredness of time encourages us and nurtures our awareness. By honouring every moment, even the “meaningless” ones, we make them sacred
Debasish Mridha|Peace in my mind,Peace in my heart,Peace in my dreams And peace in my thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|To live a life in perfect harmony, create true peace in your heart.
Debasish Mridha|To win peace, fight with love not with violence.
Debasish Mridha|To find peace, live in the moment with joy.
Debasish Mridha|Love, kindness, compassion, and forgiveness are the secrets of all peace and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|If everyone, every morning, thought about peace just for a few minutes instead of thinking about what to eat for breakfast we would have peace in the world.
Debasish Mridha|If you are not able to find peace within yourself, no one will be able to bring you peace.
Debasish Mridha|If you want peace, fill your mind with peaceful thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|Love is my religion, kindness is my prayer, forgiveness is my temple, and peace is my abode.
Debasish Mridha|To live in peace, love peace.
Debasish Mridha|To touch everyone’s heart, let us all sing a song of peace.
Debasish Mridha|Do not allow outer chaos disturb your inner tranquility, serenity, and peace.
Debasish Mridha|When every heart is filled with peace and every mind is searching for peace, how can there be war?
Debasish Mridha|Let us all love each other. Every morning, let us sing a song of peace together.
Debasish Mridha|When your mind is overflowing with peace, you will find peace all around you.
Debasish Mridha|Think about peace, dream about peace, and take action to make the world peaceful.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is always pleasant, always kind.
Debasish Mridha|With love and kindness, grow peace in your mind and then spread it with joy.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not only the goal, it is the game itself.
Criss Jami, Healology|No matter how kind you are, always expect a few imbeciles.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|It's good to see the snakes revealing themselves. They weren't actually hidden at all. People hide behind the masks, but eventually you see them for who they truly are.
Debasish Mridha|Let us be kind and compassionate to all beings. Everyone wants to enjoy their lives, everyone has sufferings, and everyone wants peace and happiness.
Henry Miller|To the infra-human specimens of this benighted scientific age the ritual and worship connected with the art of healing as practiced at Epidaurus seems like sheer buncombe. In our world the blind lead the blind and the sick go to the sick to be cured. We are making constant progress, but it is a progress which leads to the operating table, to the poor house, to the insane asylum, to the trenches. We have no healers – we have only butchers whose knowledge of anatomy entitles them to a diploma, which in turn entitles them to carve out or amputate our illnesses so that we may carry on in cripple fashion until such time as we are fit for the slaughterhouse. We announce the discovery of this cure and that but make no mention of the new diseases which we have created en route. The medical cult operates very much like the war office – the triumphs which they broadcast are sops thrown out to conceal death and disaster. The medicos, like the military authorities, are helpless; they are waging a hopeless fight from the start. What man wants is peace in order that he may live. Defeating our neighbor doesn’t give peace any more than curing cancer brings health. Man doesn’t begin to live through triumphing over his enemy nor does he begin to acquire health through endless cures. The joy of life comes through peace, which is not static but dynamic. No man can really say that he knows what joy is until he has experienced peace. And without joy there is no life, even if you have a dozen cars, six butlers, a castle, a private chapel and a bomb-proof vault. Our diseases are our attachments, be they habits, ideologies, ideals, principles, possessions, phobias, gods, cults, religions, what you please. Good wages can be a disease just as much as bad wages. Leisure can be just as great a disease as work. Whatever we cling to, even if it be hope or faith, can be the disease which carries us off. Surrender is absolute: if you cling to even the tiniest crumb you nourish the germ which will devour you. As for clinging to God, God long ago abandoned us in order that we might realize the joy of attaining godhood through our own efforts. All this whimpering that is going on in the dark, this insistent, piteous plea for peace which will grow bigger as the pain and the misery increase, where is it to be found? Peace, do people imagine that it is something to cornered, like corn or wheat? Is it something which can be pounded upon and devoured, as with wolves fighting over a carcass? I hear people talking about peace and their faces are clouded with anger or with hatred or with scorn and disdain, with pride and arrogance. There are people who want to fight to bring about peace- the most deluded souls of all. There will be no peace until murder is eliminated from the heart and mind. Murder is the apex of the broad pyramid whose base is the self. That which stands will have to fall. Everything which man has fought for will have to be relinquished before he can begin to live as man. Up till now he has been a sick beast and even his divinity stinks. He is master of many worlds and in his own he is a slave. What rules the world is the heart, not the brain, in every realm our conquests bring only death. We have turned our backs on the one realm wherein freedom lies. At Epidaurus, in the stillness, in the great peace that came over me, I heard the heart of the world beat. I know what the cure is: it is to give up, to relinquish, to surrender, so that our little hearts may beat in unison with the great heart of the world.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Only a coward carries a gun, a brave person never needs a gun.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|Many are concerned with going to heaven or hell, But fail to realize that you can be living in heaven or hell right here on Earth.
James Dashner, The Kill Order|Her short blond hair shifted in the wind, and she appeared the very definition of peace and comfort. Like she belonged in the world that had existed before everything was scorched.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Peaceful society, peaceful world.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The world doesn’t give peace, for it doesn’t have any peace to give. It fights for peace, it negotiates for peace, it maneuvers for peace, but there is no ultimate peace in the world. But Jesus gives peace to those who put their trust in Him.
Bert McCoy|Water doesn't know where it's going to flow, it just flows.
Bert McCoy|To see the positive or not to see the positive, this is the question.
Colman McCarthy, All of One Peace: Essays on Nonviolence|With a few exceptions, the media have phrased the past five months as a contest of wills between Bush and Saddam Hussein, not as a moment of deragement between two armed madmen willing to order their young to slaughter each other. Analysis -endless analysis- has been offered about the two men's tactics, as if they were coaches preparing for the Super Bowl.
Colman McCarthy|Bush spoke of another principle, that a just war must "support a just cause." In the Persian Gulf, he said, "our cause could not be more noble." What nation has ever said its war was not noble?
Bert McCoy|To be the body-mind or not to be the body-mind, this is the question.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Until you actually possess true peace with God, no one can describe its wonders to you.
A.D. Posey|In love there is truth, and in truth there is peace.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The promoters of change offer a grand vision of world unity. While the globalists and international affairs specialists continue their chant for “peace, peace,” we are reminded that the Bible says that there can be no lasting peace until Christ returns. So the world remains restless and uncertain.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Your future does not hinge on the world situation, however grim it might become. It depends on what happened 2,000 years ago at the cross and your acceptance or rejection of the Prince of Peace.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|Words have power, and when you speak you give them life. Speak into the atmosphere. Speak into existence what you believe, desire, dream, and hope.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|Just because you stumbled a few times in the past doesn't mean you won't overcome. Realize that adversity and challenges arise, but you are made stronger. Embrace the day. Seize the moment. Your time is now.
Debasish Mridha|To attract all the beauty of life, spread the fragrance of happiness like a dancing flower of peace.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|Peace, a commodity purchased with friendship and safety and anything comfortable and all things familiar; peace that was a pleasant melody playing through the moments of their day; a chord striking only the notes of security and agreement and understanding and order.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|Start a rumor aboutpeace taking over,love being the new black,and compassion going viral.
Preeti Shenoy, It Happens for a Reason|I had never felt great about my modelling career anyway. All of it was so fake, so make-believe. But look at the people here. How warm they are. How genuine. I have never had any of this before. I feel wealthier than when I was making all that money modelling in Mumbai, You are right about your observation. This life does give me my peace.
Colman McCarthy, All of One Peace: Essays on Nonviolence|If peace is what every government says it seeks, and peace is the yearning of every heart, why aren't we studying it and teaching it in schools?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If the United Nations could bring lasting peace, man could say to God, “We do not need You anymore. We have brought peace on earth and have organized humanity in righteousness.” All of these schemes are patchwork remedies that a sick and dying world must use while waiting for the Great Physician.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Only Christ can meet the deepest needs of our world and our hearts. Christ alone can bring lasting peace—peace with God, peace among men and nations, and peace within our hearts. He transcends the political and social boundaries of our world.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I call upon the leaders of all nations to work for peace, even when the risks seem high. I call upon Christians to pray and work for peace in whatever constructive ways are open to them. I do not believe this is only a political issue; it is a moral one as well.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Peace conferences are held almost daily by governments, civic organizations, and churches. But the Scripture teaches that peace and safety will not come in any lasting way until the Prince of Peace, the Messiah, Jesus Christ, comes and rules and reigns in our world.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|For the Christian, peace is not simply the absence of conflict, or any other artificial state the world has to offer. Rather it is the deep, abiding peace only Jesus Christ brings to the heart.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There is going on in the world today a quiet, bloodless revolution. It has no fanfare, no newspaper coverage, no propaganda; yet it is changing the course of thousands of lives. It is restoring purpose and meaning to life as men of all races and nationalities are finding peace with God.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When everyone does what is right in his own eyes, there is no possibility of order and peace.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The world thinks peace would come if everyone made a lot of money, but people haven’t found peace in possessions. They have thought the world would have peace if all arms were destroyed. Yet Cain killed Abel without a handgun. It is man’s heart that is the problem.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The war that exists between you and God can be over quickly, and the peace treaty is signed in the blood of [God’s] Son Jesus Christ.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Peacemaking is a noble vocation . . . To be a peacemaker, you must know the Peace-Giver.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you keep wandering in the dark streets, may be it is because you find peace in the darkness rather than in the light!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you want to know what God thinks about any situation in the world, think like a parent.
David  Holdsworth, Angelos|Culloden, Scotland, April 1746All around was the awful sound of moaning. It was not just mournful, but the sound of immense suffering, the cries of dying men. The battle had waged on, and the day was far spent. In dirt and blood, the soldiers waded on. Horizontal rain, snow, and wind made the normal battle conditions much worse.Near the edge of the field I stood holding a gun, pointing it at the lad who had once been my best friend. He was dressed in the red coat of a government soldier; I was not.
John Maynard Keynes, The Economic Consequences of the Peace|The war has ended with every one owing every one else immense sums of money. Germany owes a large sum to the Allies, the Allies owe a large sum to Great Britain, and Great Britain owes a large sum to the United States. The holders of war loan in every country are owed a large sum by the States, and the States in its turn is owed a large sum by these and other taxpayers. The whole position is in the highest degree artificial, misleading, and vexatious. We shall never be able to move again, unless we can free our limbs from these paper shackles.
H.G. Wells|A federation of all humanity, together with a sufficient measure of social justice, to ensure health, education, and a rough equality of opportunity to most of the children born into the world, would mean such a release and increase of human energy as to open a new phase in human history.
Debasish Mridha|One day we will all have to leave this beautiful world, and we want to leave with peace towards eternal peace. We also want our future generations to live with joy and peace.
Debasish Mridha|To understand the language of love and peace, listen to the silence.
Leo Tolstoy|They meet, as we shall meet tomorrow, to murder one another; they kill and maim tens of thousands, and then have thanksgiving services for having killed so many people (they even exaggerate the number), and they announce a victory, supposing that the more people they have killed the greater their achievement. How does God above look at them and hear them?" exclaimed Prince Andrew in a shrill, piercing voice. "Ah, my friend, it has of late become hard for me to live. I see that I have begun to understand too much. And it doesn't do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil.... Ah, well, it's not for long!" he added.
Tom Robbins, Another Roadside Attraction|A sausage is an image of rest, peace and tranquility in stark contrast to the destruction and chaos of everyday life.
Stefan Molyneux|If you are for gun control, then you are not against guns, because the guns will be needed to disarm people. So it’s not that you are anti-gun. You’ll need the police’s guns to take away other people’s guns. So you’re very pro-gun; you just believe that only the Government (which is, of course, so reliable, honest, moral and virtuous…) should be allowed to have guns. There is no such thing as gun control. There is only centralizing gun ownership in the hands of a small political elite and their minions.﻿
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Stop seeking attention from people who don't give you the time of day. Value your time, comfort your spirit, have peace of mind. There are people who love you and care about you.Give your smiles to them.
Rebecca McNutt|Cell phones are certainly not necessary, and "but I'm from the digital age, this is what everyone in my generation is doing!" isn't a very good excuse for being hooked on a glowing screen 24/7. In the 1960's every teen of the times was tripping on acid and running off to find themselves in communes and love buses. It was a fad, there was no excuse for it and it passed, just like I think that this generation's "cell phones are necessary for socialization" fad will eventually pass. What will it bring afterwards? I don't even want to know, but I'll keep my fingers crossed and hope that it isn't anything else digital.
O. S. Hickman|One day blacks and whites will come together like the keys of a piano, and be as beautiful as the it makes
Peace Gypsy, Souls Deep : From a Professional Dreamer|Dreams are what life is made of and although most things are improbable, nothing is impossible. Be the dreamer of the impossible and you can see probability.
David  Holdsworth, Angelos|As the tension between the Protestants and the Church of Rome intensified, so did the desire for a third way among dissenting groups. Soon a new group emerged, though in some senses it was also an old group—one that felt it could trace its origins all the way back to the New Testament. Known collectively as the Radical Reformation, these persecuted groups often advocated a nonviolent ethic, the separation of church and state, and a desire for both personal and corporate holiness. The ideas of these radicals spread through Europe, and over the years the Amish, Mennonites and Anabaptists, and to a lesser degree the Covenanters and Quakers, emerged or were influenced by this movement.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|Poetry keeps my heart neat, even when incomplete, I find peace.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|If life is a song, you must be the superb lyrics to a sweet melody.
Dr. Ron Harris|The world we have created, has problems, that can not be resolved by rich getting richer but by sharing we can over come the problems" Dr. Ron Harris - 2008
Debasish Mridha|If life is a joyful serious journey, then peace should be the train and happiness should be the destination.
Nelson Mandela|If I preached unity, I must act like a unifier, even at the risk of perhaps alienating some of my own colleagues.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|The pathway to enlightenment, transformation and liberation is the heart not the mind.
Debasish Mridha|As a flower expresses thanks with her beauty and fragrance for her magnificent life, let us express our gratitude to every friend with our service and love and to the Earth for her hospitality and care. Let us be thankful and let us express the deepest gratitude for our magnificent life. No matter where you are, I wish you all a very happy Thanksgiving filled with profound joy and endless peace.
Debasish Mridha|Let us be kind. Let us love to live in harmony, peace, and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Love, compassion, and patience bring peace.
BBC Robin Hood|Guy of Gisborne: “I understand the king is winning, thanks be to God.” Robin Hood: “He’s killing more people.”Gisborne: “Is that not winning?”Robin: “Show me an argument ever settled with bloodshed, and then I’ll call it winning.
Debasish Mridha|For a peaceful life: think about peace, talk about peace, give away peace, and fill the world with peace.
Debasish Mridha|Human beings are born for peace; they like to grow up in peace. They like to raise their children in peace, and they like to say goodbye to this beautiful life in peace. Then why are we always preparing for war?
Debasish Mridha|Nobody can steal my inner beauty, tranquility, and peace without my consent.
Criss Jami, Healology|Work was intended not to give a man a reason to live, but rather to give him a means to live.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Each day is an opportunity for you to expand your horizon, to achieve your maximum potential. You may have encountered some obstacles along the way, but don't allow those moments to hinder your progress. In life, we all faces challenges that we must overcome. The importance is to learn from those difficulties and become stronger.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|FLIES IN DISGUISETell me,Have youReally seenFlies in a child's eyesOr heard their hungry criesIn the middleOf the night?Don't lie.You can protest all you wantAbout peaceAnd genocide,But unless you are willingTo take beatings for your fights,Your display of trendy showmanshipSimply ain't right.Go on,Carry your useless signsAbout an issue the worldAlready abhors,But it's TRUEHeartfelt actionsThat will preventSuits andSenatorsFrom creatingAny more wars.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Take some time and figure out what you desire most from life. Wherever your desire is, your heart will be also. Seek the opportunity to become greater than your circumstances. You may not be where you want to be. But if you continue pushing forward and striving at a steady pace, you'll get there. All things take time.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|THE OLD MAN IN THE CORNERThe man in the cornerIs dying with wordsHe's crying to be heardHis days are markedAnd his only ears are birdsHe knows the secret to peaceAnd his experience bleeds and hurtsSomebody stop and listenBefore he departs the earth!Somebody write his thoughtsBefore he hits the turf!His eyes are closing their shuttersAnd he just dropped hisBeads and stick.His breath is leaving us.Please!Somebody hear him out quick!A little girl rushes to him andPicks up his cane of wood.The old man then turns to herAnd faintly whispers,"The key to peace isTo always stay fairAnd be good.
Albert Camus, The Plague|I have realized that we all have plague, and I have lost my peace. And today I am still trying to find it; still trying to understand all those others and not to be the enemy of anyone. I only know that one must do what one can to cease being plague-stricken, and that's the only way in which we can hope for some peace or, failing that, a decent death. This, and only this, can bring relief to men and, if not save them, at least do them the least harm possible and even, sometimes, a little good.
Munia Khan|Just a little piece of peace can cultivate the land of Palestine, but inhuman human won't let it do that....
Hugh Howey, Beacon 23|Where's the everlasting peace? Is there even such a thing? Or do we war like alien races war, eternally, against ourselves?
Carol Cassella, Oxygen|It is amazing, though, what pains your subconscious will undergo in achieve sustainable peace.
Jeffrey Rabuffo, M.D., F.A.C.S.|My goal here is to explore the realities and complexities of the life of men. I don't want to act like the woman putting the man down, and I don't want to be the whining man crying, 'I need help. What are you going to do for me? The genders should be asking, 'What are we, men and women, going to do about it?' Let's first recognize the situations; then form plans for what can and should be.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Forgive and be compassionate with another in love, in peace and in faith.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|It's not a matter of whether you want happiness. We all need peace, love, and happiness. But, if you fail to nurture your spirit, by absorbing all things good and giving attention to the matters of your heart, it will be hard to obtain. It must radiate from inside of you. Then, flow outwardly penetrating everyone around you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The bond of love, we unite the world.
Shannon L. Alder|Somethings worth having defy logic. They come with obstacles, challenges, battles and long periods of wandering in the dark. Your path won't make sense to your family or friends. People will weigh in with their life rules and fears, but in the end it is your life. That pull you feel is real and often your intuition. It nags at you everyday. Follow it for as far as it takes you because life is too short to dwell on indecision, while you forget to live. Take a chance because if you have a good heart God isn't going to abandon you. He will travel wherever you need to go, in order to find the missing pieces of your soul.
Amit Ray, Beautify your Breath - Beautify your Life|Breathing is our participation with the cosmic dance. When our breath is in harmony, cosmos nourishes us in every sense.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If we want truth and justice to rule our global village, there must be no hypocrisy. If there is no truth, then there will be no equality. No equality, no justice. No justice, no peace. No peace, no love. No love, only darkness.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You are a valuable instrument in the orchestration of your own world, and the overall harmony of the universe.
Thich Nhat Hanh|This love meditation is adapted from the Visuddhimagga by Buddhaghosa, a 5th century C.E. systematization of the Buddha's teaching. We begin by practicing the love meditation on ourselves ("May I"). Until we are able to love and take care of ourselves, we cannot be much help to others. After that, we practice them on others ("May he/she/they") - first on someone we like, then on someone neutral to us, and finally on someone who makes us suffer. May I be peaceful, happy, and light in body and spirit.May I be safe and free from injury.May I be free from anger, afflictions, fear and anxiety.May I learn to look at myself with the eyes of of understanding and love.May I be able to recognize and touch the seeds of joy and happiness in myself.May I learn to identify and see the sources of anger, craving, and delusion in myself.May I know how to nourish the seeds of joy in myself every day.May I be able to live fresh, solid, and free.May I be free from attachment and aversion, but not indifferent.Love is not just the intention to love, but the capacity to reduce suffering, and offer peace and happiness. The practice of love increases our forbearance, our capacity to be patient and embrace difficulties and pain. Forbearance does mean that we try to suppress pain.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Nonviolence is a way of life, where the task is to awaken the underlying goodness of every human being.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Peace of mind, joy at heart.
Lawrence  W. Reed|Are you for peace? The great test of your devotion to peace is not how many words you utter on its behalf. It’s not even how you propose to deal with people of other countries, though that certainly tells us something. To fully measure your “peacefulness” requires that we examine how you propose to treat people in your own backyard. Do you demand more of what doesn’t belong to you? Do you endorse the use of force to punish people for victimless “crimes”? Do you support politicians who promise to seize the earnings of others to pay for your bailout, your subsidy, your student loan, your child’s education or whatever pet cause or project you think is more important than what your fellow citizens might personally prefer to spend their own money on? Do you believe theft is OK if it’s for a good cause or endorsed by a majority? If you answered yes to any of these questions, then have the courage to admit that peace is not your priority. How can I trust your foreign policy if your domestic policy requires so much to be done at gunpoint?
Shannon L. Alder|There are many types of marriage relationships and all of them can work, but none is sadder than the one that doesn't represent peace in your heart.
Martin Luther King Jr.|We must come to see that peace is not merely a distant goal we seek, but it is a means by which we arrive at that goal. We must pursue peaceful ends through peaceful means.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Christmas is the spirit of love, peace and goodwill to all Humankind.
Henry Johnson Jr|Art is a positive "FORCE" that bring beings together for the common good. Only the people who had lost a piece of themselves can create the unimaginary.
Ron Baratono|You’re going to mess up in life. We’re all going to do things and wonder why we did something so stupid. There’s going to be times we say things that leave us feeling regretful. We’re going to feel mad at ourselves and even shameful at our own actions. Never be too proud to say you’re sorry or I love you. These are easy words that strengthen our heart, and give us peace and wisdom.
Thich Nhat Hanh|New cells are born everyday and old cells die, but they have neither funerals nor birthdays.
Shannon L. Alder|You will know it is love not when you think about them all the time or want to be with them, but when you worry about them and you want their approval and happiness.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|If anarchy is chaos, and chaos is war, why wasn't a single war started by anarchists?
Anthony Marra, The Tsar of Love and Techno|The past few months have been the most serene of his adult life. The megalopolis in his mind has quieted to a country road. He does his work, he eats his bread, and he sleeps with the knowledge that today hasn't added to the sum of human misery. For now at least it's peace of a kind he hadn't imagined himself worthy of receiving.
Aporva Kala, Alchemist of the East|He did not see the huge armies but the world divided into two opposites camps: the right and the wrong, the good and the evil, the aggressor and the defender, the unrighteous and the righteous, the arrogant and the humble. It is not the people who are inclined to fight against each other but the men who lead them. Humanity as a rule wants to relate with each other and wars are an exception to this rule.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|If we danced and shared music, we'd be too busy en-joy-in' life to start a war.
Sam Wazan, Trapped in Four Square Miles|In my dreams, I entered a world where success was based on ethics and proper dealings, not bribes and scams. My vision of sucess including marrying Sophia, having joyful children, unassuming friends, and warmhearted neighbors. I aspired for an environment where I would be valued for my good character, not the strength of my aggression. I wanted to leave West Beirut, the four square miles of a lesser world.
Mitch Albom from "Tuesdays with Morrie"|That's what we're all looking for. A certain peace with the idea of dying. If we know, in the end, that we can ultimately have that peace with dying, then we can finally do the really hard thing." Which is? "Make peace with living.
Philip Sidney, Astrophel and Stella|Come, Sleep; O Sleep! the certain knot of peace,The baiting-place of wit, the balm of woe,The poor man's wealth, the prisoner's release,Th' indifferent judge between the high and low;With shield of proof shield me from out the preaseOf those fierce darts Despair at me doth throw.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The season of Christmas brings joy, hope and peace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the moments of adversity, we engaged our minds on beautiful thoughts, our spirit on spirituality and our hands on inspiration writings. What a good trade of pain for peace of mind?
Rashmit Kalra|You cannot still your mind - it is the nature of mind to keep moving. You can only be the stillness that is beyond the mind and be free from thoughts, yet watch the mind experiencing the true essence of life. Transcending the mind is Sanyasa (detachment or renunciation) and freedom that comes with it is Nirvana (liberation).
Rashmit Kalra|​The purpose of religion was to help humans lead a peaceful life, not to take away life. God/Allah/Ishvar or Hindu/Muslim/Christian are just words - words created by different human minds. Instead of blindly following the outdated ideologies, use your own mind to realize the truth that you are not just a label. You are a living entity - the very manifestation of the energy you call God. Energy has no form or gender, but different languages have created different images, thus leading to discrimination and conflict to an extent that people can kill on name of religion. If a religion causes one to take innocent life, then we don't need a religion. we just need human beings on earth.
Sam Wazan, Trapped in Four Square Miles|The school remained open. I thanked Allah that the Americans operated differently. Had the Lebanese lost 241 men in one day, and had we the power and the reach, we would have American males hung from their testicles and set on fire. The frame of mind that dictates our actions quashes our ability to develop the power and reach exhibited by the Americans, I thought.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Let the light of your love enlighten the whole world and fill it with joy, happiness, and peace.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Cultivate blessing. Bless yourself. Bless the whole world. Let it be full with love, peace, joy and happiness.
Steve Goodier|Healthy people know not to gorge on anger. At the end of the day, they walk away. They choose to end it. And it’s an easier choice the next time.
Józef Beck|Peace is a precious and a desirable thing. Our generation, bloodied in wars, certainly deserves peace. But peace, like almost all things of this world, has its price, a high but a measurable one. We in Poland do not know the concept of peace at any price. There is only one thing in the lives of men, nations and countries that is without price. That thing is honor.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A candle, a book and a peaceful person mean three candles for the world!
Suzy Kassem|NO TRUTH, NO LIGHTNo truth, no equality. No equality, no justice. No justice, no peace. No peace, no love. No love, only darkness.
J.C. Cooper|The highest goodness is like water.Water is beneficial to all things but not contend. It stays in places which others despise. Therefore it is near Tao. The weakest things in the world can overmatch the strongest things in the world. Nothing in the world can be compared to water for its weak and yielding nature; yet in attacking the hard and strong nothing proves better than water. For there is no alternative to it. The weak can overcome and the yielding can overcame the hard. This all the world knows but does not practice. This again is the practice of ‘wu-wel’ and nonviolence. Water may be weak, pliable, fluid, but its action is not one of running away from an obstacle. On the contrary, it gives at the point of resistance, envelopes the object and passes beyond it. Ultimately it will wear down the hardest rock. Water is a more telling symbol than land… crossing the river to get to the other side is, again, attaining the state of enlightenment.
Hyrum W. Smith, The 3 Gaps: Are You Making a Difference?|When you cross that chasm so that what you believe to be true merges into what is actually true, you have earned the right to inner peace.
Mabel Katz, The Easiest Way|Our lives go by in our own minds. The war is inside our heads and only we can return the peace. It is essential to remember that in one sense we are always right. If we say, we can, we can. If we say we cannot, that’s how it is, we cannot.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|Look into my eyes andYou'll see my mind.A tranquil city,That rebuilt itself and left the past behind.
Debasish Mridha|Despite all of the violence, suffering and wars, don’t forget to sing the song of love, harmony, and peace.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Power is given only to those you allow to have power over you. No man was born with a master. The only master of all is the Creator, and he created all men to be free. Freedom is a God-given right, not a human-granted gift. No man should have to fight to breathe in good health and peace.
Voltaire|Go into the London Stock Exchange – a more respectable place than many a court – and you will see representatives from all nations gathered together for the utility of men. Here Jew, Mohammedan and Christian deal with each other as though they were all of the same faith, and only apply the word infidel to people who go bankrupt. Here the Presbyterian trusts the Anabaptist and the Anglican accepts a promise from the Quaker. On leaving these peaceful and free assemblies some go to the Synagogue and others for a drink, this one goes to be baptized in a great bath in the name of Father, Son and Holy Ghost, that one has his son’s foreskin cut and has some Hebrew words he doesn’t understand mumbled over the child, others go to heir church and await the inspiration of God with their hats on, and everybody is happy.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|To carry each other’s burdens, we must care for one another.
Raphael Bob-Waksberg|Every war, no matter how brutal, is built on the premise that one day, when all is said and done, the ends will justify the means. But over and over again we learn that in real life, there is no ends. There’s just the means. All there is is means.
Raphael Bob-Waksberg|For so many families, here and abroad, the war is just beginning. The emotional and political fallout will crawl across generations—the casualties can never be fully counted.Every war, no matter how brutal, is built on the premise that one day, when all is said and done, the ends will justify the means. But over and over again we learn that in real life, there is no ends. There’s just the means. All there is is means.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The greatest strength are rooted in love, joy, peace, patient, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self control.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May we reach out to one another in love, in faith and in kindness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|A blessed deed is saying hello with a smile to someone you meet on the street, in the shop, in the bus, in the office, in the church, in the holy places, in the mosque, at the park, at the school, at the university…..’ This is the greatest action of belonging to one another.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|There is still peace left in the world,and only those with beauty in their soul,care enough to be it.
Jodi Livon|May the love in your heart overshadow any sorrows, and may you always know with a deep inner certainty, how loved you truly are.
Gena Showalter, A Mad Zombie Party|And the peace! The most magnificent peace. I lose myself in a place where time no longer exists and nothing is impossible. I can do anything I imagine. I can fight and win any war. Nothing frightens me, because I know I'm here for a reason; and I'm not alone. I have friends in high places. Friends here. Friends up there. Victory is mine.
Shannon L. Alder|Praying for the people that hurt you may not change them, but it will change you.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Outside, snow solidified itself into graceful forms. The peace of winter stars seemed permanent.
R.J.  Heller, Holding Grace: Prose & Poetry|In the aftermath, we are because they were.
Ludwig von Mises|Rhetorical bombast, music and song resound, banners wave, flowers and colors serve as symbols, and the leaders seek to attach their followers to their own person. Liberalism has nothing to do with all this. It has no party flower and no party color, no party song and no party idols, no symbols and no slogans. It has the substance and the arguments. These must lead it to victory.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|In life,You can either play the hand you've been dealt or decide to fold. Just remember that you are not alone in this journey of life. People experience hardships all the time. You learn from those difficult moments and become stronger.
Tanya Masse|When the power of LOVE is more important than the love of money, religion and power, and people realize that the most important things in this life are NOT things,the world will finally know peace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don't react to any angry actions, words and behaviours. Keep your quiet spirit, peace and calmness.
Anthony Liccione|In the horrors of war, please bring me peace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We are all human, so we may trespass each other. But there is always grace for forgiveness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With gentleness, you will calm every aggressive action.
M.F. Moonzajer|Islam might not be a challenge for our survival, but when it comes from the Saudis, it really is a concerning problem for the world peace and prosperity.
Sheldon Richman|By portraying war as an opportunity for virtuous acts, the politicians romanticize evil.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|If you live your life to please others, sometimes you neglect yourself. You deserve happiness. You deserve peace. You deserve love and respect. Don't get caught up and deprive the very essence of you
Frédéric Bastiat|Which countries contain the most peaceful, the most moral, and the happiest people? Those people are found in the countries where the law least interferes with private affairs; where government is least felt; where the individual has the greatest scope, and free opinion the greatest influence; where administrative powers are fewest and simplest; where taxes are lightest and most nearly equal, and popular discontent the least excited and the least justifiable; where individuals and groups most actively assume their responsibilities, and, consequently, where the morals of admittedly imperfect human beings are constantly improving; where trade, assemblies, and associations are the least restricted; where labor, capital, and populations suffer the fewest forced displacements; where mankind most nearly follows its own natural inclinations; where the inventions of men are most nearly in harmony with the laws of God; in short, the happiest, most moral, and most peaceful people are those who most nearly follow this principle: Although mankind is not perfect, still, all hope rests upon the free and voluntary actions of persons within the limits of right; law or force is to be used for nothing except the administration of universal justice.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|When you focus your attention more on your dreams and goals and less on the opinions of others, you are capable of achieving success. No one knows the desires of your heart better than you.
Victor Dunsin|A nation that is divided, need love to be united.
Gillian Duce|You don't blame your shadow for the shape of your body, just the same, don't blame others for the shape of your experience.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It is wonderful for us to live together in love, in peace and in faith.
Thomas Ligotti, Teatro Grottesco|There was simply no peace to be had no matter where you hid yourself away. Even in a northern border town of such intensely chaotic oddity and corruption there was still some greater chaos, some deeper insanity, than one had counted on, or could ever be taken into account - wherever there was anything, there would be chaos and insanity to such a degree that one could never come to terms with it, and it was only a matter of time before your world, whatever you thought it to be, was undermined, if not completely overrun, by another world.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|You never know how strong you are until you've been tested. People will try you on every level. They may think because you're not loud or rude like them that you won't put them in their place. But, push the wrong buttons and you'll soon find out.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|It's useless to disarm the hands, if the heart remains armed
Andrew Smith|Man will tell woman he will die for her, but I say, tell woman that you will die for her both physically and interior
Sylvia Bambola, The Salt Covenants|We live in a cruel world, Isabel," he says, without looking at me. "I am only a man, and will not always live up to your expectations. And to me, that is a painful reality. But we must never be cruel to one another. Let there be peace between us.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|Poetry, will you show me where your words find peace?
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|If you want to experience joy and happiness in life, you must free your mind. Don't become a prisoner to your thoughts. Don't allow your perceptions to be the only views you believe. Allow truth to penetrate your core as it sets you free
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Sex is a powerful intent to create: the creation of pleasure, creation of love, and ultimately the creation of life. It connects and syncs two beings emotionally, physically, and mentally and is one of the strongest expressions of love that exists in this World.
Forrest Curran|Being scared to fail inspires creativity; heartbreak inspires creativity; being hurt by others inspires creativity; being lost inspires creativity. Your masterpiece isn’t something that you will have made in the colorful, it is understood in the darkness. Use the anxiety within and let it serve you.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Give yourself freedom to grow through love, as love is the most natural direction for humans to grow, just as every tree grows upward towards the sky. Don’t try to control the way that love moves, as any attempt will be futile, for love grows like the branches, wildly growing by the laws of nature, rather than by human rational. Let love grow by her own nature.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|The law of attraction is synonymous to the law of sacrifice, in which you get in return what you are decisively choose to give up. The universe in all her infinity beauty generously opens up gates that you had no idea existed when you close others, but she requires you to walk through the gates solely on your own will and strength, with the other doors that you have left behind often times being forever locked and eternally inaccessible.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Love was never meant to be contained solely in our hearts, just as life in a seed was always meant to break through into the world and become beauty to be shared.
Forrest Curran|With the notion that we can open up our world by opening our minds, realize that home is the land that is least explored, and that adventure is a notion not determined by location, but is ultimately a state of mind.
Forrest Curran|When we fail to tend to the fragilities of a flower as we become distracted by the noise of our minds, our plant is essentially dying. The quintessence of dying in the sense that we are failing to be mindful of the present moment, for life is the paradox of both living and dying concurrently. Just as we are living each moment, we are dying with every moment, and the essence of living is within each breath that ultimately comprises life as a whole.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|The universe and the law of attraction speak a language that knows no words, only discerning your intent through sacrifice and what you are willing to give up.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|The tallest and oldest trees that seemed to have just have casually always been there, hold the greatest love: as it nurtures love for others: providing shade for two lovers, becoming home for birds to build a nest, and giving food to the squirrels whom scurry upon it.
Forrest Curran|The beauty of traveling is understood along the way rather than at the end of the journey, just as the purpose of marriage isn’t about becoming Mr. and Mrs.’s, but is about the love that is expressed on a daily basis between two lovers. A journey is not made up of the destinations that we arrive at, but is composed within every step and each breath we make.
Forrest Curran|To commit to the present moment is to accept our inability to control the future and accept that many of our fears and reactions are just what they are, thoughts and emotions that are irrationally internalized. We will never be completely void of the temptations to look into the future when we are in the present; however, one must come to the understanding that by looking too far off into the future, we taint the future by creating an artificial expectation of what the future should hold, and are emotionally drained when it holds something else. Focus on the present, and you will come to have more control over the future naturally.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Sometimes people come into our lives to make us a softer person, other times they come to teach us to let go, and occasionally the relationship wasn’t a lesson about the relationship ‘us’, but a lesson about the relationship you have with yourself.
Forrest Curran|With maps and globes decorated around your room as a child and with passport and ticket in hand in the present, it is your world to explore. To travel is to ask for a complex mix of the new and the old, hellos and goodbyes, and sadness and happiness. Leave your shoes behind at home and to walk in the footsteps of others for a while.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Morality and righteousness is based on intent, love, and in giving; yet, how is it that we as humans have come to view the act of sex with a different set of arbitrary laws? Specifically pigeonholed as an act between man and women, and with righteousness based on an unsystematic number of people we have slept with; as a civilization we have come to bind society with a set of laws largely advantageous to a specific sex, with the minority heavily antagonized and chastised. The universe knows not what sexual morality is, only what is right and wrong. The same principles that dictate morals also command the virtues of sex. Is it with the right intent? Is it based on love? Is it based on giving?
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|There is a specific feeling that comes about during the dying embers of a relationship. Different from the Monday morning quarrels before work because you two are tired, different from the “I’m not going to talk to you for a while because I am mad at you” silences. Breaks ups happen instantly, yet the process occurs over a gradual period of time, with tear by tear until what was once whole, rips into two. Breakups are the disappointment we feel when we wanted our lover to finish the story with an exclamation mark, but instead are left with a question mark.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Nobody thought it could be done, so nobody had tried before. Standing with one foot in the abyss and the other with a foothold in her dreams, she stood on the edge of a cliff. She took one look behind and with one last deep breath, she leapt with reckless certainty and decisive confidence. Blurring through the sky, for a moment she looked like she would fade into darkness, but in the very last moment when everyone else had given up on her, from her back spread wings. With a leap of faith, she learned to fly.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Your life is your artwork and you are to paint life as a beautiful struggle. With your brush, paint the colors of joy in vibrant shades of red. Color the sky a baby blue, a color as free as your heart. With rich, earthy tones shade the valleys that run deep into the ground where heaven meets hell. Life is as chaotic as the color black, a blend of all colors, and this makes life a beautiful struggle. Be grateful for the green that makes up the beautiful canvas, for nature has given you everything that you need to be happy. Most of all, don’t ever feel the need to fill the entire canvas with paint, for the places left blank are the most honest expressions of who you are.
Forrest Curran|Sure, the Leaning Tower of Pisa leaned like everyone else said it would, the mountains of Tibet were more beautiful than you had ever expected, and the Pyramids of Egypt stood mysteriously in the sea of sand like in the pictures; yet is it the environment or rather the openness in mindset, that makes up the elusive essence of happiness that we experience when we travel?
Forrest Curran|Is the sunrise of Mount Fuji more beautiful from the one you see in the countryside a bit closer to home? Are the beaches of Indonesia really that much more serene than those we have in our own countries? The point I make is not to downplay the marvels of the world, but to highlight the notion of the human tendency in our failure to see the beauty in our daily lives when we take off the travel goggles when we are home. It is the preconceived notion of a place that creates the difference in perception of environments rather than the actual geological location.
Forrest Curran|When we are in a foreign country we live with a fervor rooting from knowing that our days there are numbered, yet if the number of days in lives is numbered, are we not to live our everyday lives with that same zeal?
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Sacrifice is a terribly difficult thing to do, of which you will be asked to do many times along your path. Only with genuine love will you be able to make these sacrifices because often times you will simply want to refuse the sacrifices that the universe asks of you to make. When you close one door, another opens; that is how the universe works and through sacrifice we are given the keys to the next door in life.
Forrest Curran|Although the future is indiscernible, we often feel the need to plan for what cannot be planned, and attempt to react to things that never happened. Our overemphasis in the future is a mere illusion, which often makes us foolishly blind to the beauty of the present moment, and is the root of creating the worst case scenarios and the what- if situations that plague the mind.
Forrest Curran|Allowing both negative and positive thoughts to arise in life and acknowledging them for what they are, a secondary reaction within to what is happening outside, we grant our emotions free passage within without allowing external influences to impede our personal happiness. We cannot have control over everything that occurs in life, but that is simply not the goal, for we have control only over our relationship that we have with life.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Whether between man and women, man and man, or woman and woman; look not towards any system that binds society created by man for guidance, but be guided by the principles of love. Love is the only law that commands this universe, and is the only language that is understood universally.
Forrest Curran|The journey is made up of the most genuine and honest wonders of the mind, but also includes unfathomable sorrow and despair; yet, this is what makes up a journey as well as the human experience in entirety.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Your value and self-worth is not found in your former lover, not in the loving words of they spoke, not in the gentle ways that they held you, not in the sweetness of their kiss; but found in the love that you have for yourself.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Not basing your principles of sex based on the judgment of other or on hearsay, uphold yourself to virtues that you believe in. Before any laws created by man, religion, and culture; the universe has always held us under the principles of love in all endeavors in life, and this applies to sex as well. Sex is a very personal experience and the morals you follow under this act are a personal notion that you create yourself for the sake of your personal happiness.
Forrest Curran|Our journey is our breath that makes up the seconds, the emotions that are in the minutes, and our purpose that make up the hours. Stay true to yourself in each moment, and remain vigilant to your purpose in every instant. Our journey begins with the first breath and thereby by every breath that follows.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|The drive, the ambition, the art; it all comes to me when I close my eyes and think about the sacrifices my Mom made for me.
Forrest Curran|Tomorrow, today will be yesterday, and tomorrow will be today. By the nature of time when tomorrow will shift to become today, we demystify the notion that we are powerless in the face of the future, as the future will become the present moment naturally. On the basis that tomorrow will also eventually become yesterday, we can fundamentally note that time converges through yesterday, today, and tomorrow to where the essence of our very existence converges in the present moment.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|At times we will be asked to let go of things that we have always wanted to keep for ourselves, or things that we would never have thought that we would to have to let go of, such as the loss of a loved one or the betrayal of a dear friend. A tree never hesitates to shake off her leaves during fall, and so we must take another lesson given to us by the nature: let go when it is time. Although such losses can be difficult and painful, rise above this suffering. Focus within your mind, the image of the Lotus prospering above mud. We are the lotus; rise above.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|The Lotus in Buddhism is a sacred symbol that represents purity and resurrection as attributes that develop through a spiritual awakening of the self. With humble beginnings in swamplands, the Lotus flower exquisitely blooms, pure and untainted, from this murky world it thrives in. The Lotus flower represents a higher state of mind, a strong spirit cultivated far from the suffering and temptations of this muddied world that personifies beauty through the present moment.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|If you want to be free of the wars of the world, begin by resolving the wars within you. If you want to see the world at peace, create peace within your mind.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Let the people talk, let people doubt, and letpeople question you, but never allow yourself to quit walking your path. Their path is their own and the path you walk is that of your own. Sweet child of mine, be the brave child of mine.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Synchronize each breath with the present moment and become intertwined with happiness. Breathing in, we are grateful for the opportunities that are given to us; breathing out, we let go of the depression and anxiety that hold us back.
Forrest Curran|Have no fear in the devil and acknowledge the insecurities, mistakes of the past, and disappointments that you have long failed to accept as new beginnings and see the child within you begin to heal.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Plunging into the depths of hell, re-opening the gates to wounds and emotions that we have long tried to keep sealed and locked within, we discover that that the devil is not the Herculean ruler of darkness that we had imagined, but only a vulnerable and devastated child. With honesty and without judgment, we must muster the courage to meet this innocent child with whom we have come to label as the devil.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Breathe in, breathe out. Without the fire, the phoenix never rises from the ashes. Let the fire scorch the skin and burn the soul, allowing yourself to absorb the pain and understand the sincerity of the pain. Breathe in, you are not the past, you are not the future; breathe out, you are simply each breath, the present moment. As you breathe in and breathe out, acknowledge all the trials you have overcome thus far, and that you can continue to overcome all else without doubt. Breathe in, breathe out.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Hell is not a place, but a state of mind born from stress. Hell holds our insecurities, our fears, and it is ultimately the domicile of the devil within. The devil breathes and thrives in the fragment of our hearts that we dare not visit; yet, we can only make peace with ourselves by diving into the pits of hell and having an honest conversation with the devil himself.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|In life hard times will befall you that will create doubt in yourself, and life will ask questions of the authenticity of the person you are. Carrying the lotus means being true to yourself and in the realization that you were always meant to grow above this mud. We are meant to grow, progress, and evolve in this relentless environment of the World and through it all achieve happiness with grace in letting go. Carry the Lotus within; grow and rise above from the harsh and remorseless world beneath you.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|All is contained within the silence of death, the quietest and the loudest sound in the universe.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Love is a seed that we diligently plant and requires tender care and watering in order for the tree to ever grow. Just as we cannot foresee the future and what is to become of this love later in life, the tree cannot tell what the weather will be like in the future. The strongest of winds and pouring rain may befall on the tree, however as long as the foundation and roots remains strong, love is able to exist.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|I didn’t know that the times we spent together on the weekends, the times that we laughed together, and the times you helped me out was your way of silently wishing me a beautiful goodbye.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|What initially began as a couple of pieces that fitted together from first dates, slowly expands with time and for a moment the puzzle actually looks like it will be realized. Heartbreak is when the puzzle is nearly finished and you suddenly realize that pieces are missing. Perhaps they were never in the box in the first place or perhaps they went missing along the way; regardless, the puzzle remains undone. You frantically search the box and your surroundings, desperately trying to find the missing pieces, anxiously looking to fill the void, but you search for what cannot be found.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Freedom from stress, freedom from anxiety, freedom from depression; freedom is autonomy from all that stagnates growth in this ever complex and noisy world. By the fear of being in the unknown, we often overlook and forget the serene view of being on the raft: the glowing virgin stars, the gentle ways that the waves moves, and the endless possibilities that exist under the sun. The fundamental principle of freedom is to be lost and our state of mind never differs too far from this analogy of being stranded in the middle of the ocean.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Breathe in, breathe out. All the blessings of the universe that we may overlook are contained in the entirety of a breath. Breathe in, breathe out. Each breath is the sun flowering our earth, fresh water filling our oceans, and the blue skies clearing our minds. Infinite emotions are contained within every breath, and by the breath we can always realize the beauty within it all. Breathe in, breathe out.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Only in the moments of being alone in the darkness on the raft, will you have the space to speak, listen, and to act from the heart. Only in the moments of pain, do we begin to empathize with humankind. Only when you are lost, you will find new meaning. Float on.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|I wonder if the world’s fascination has less to do with the flower itself, and more with the muck that it flourishes in. The Lotus flower is of an unparalleled beauty in its elegance and grace, yet its’ origins are of an environment that is a stark contrast. We cannot help but ponder such strange juxtaposition. However, there is something telling in this natural contrast between the flower and its environment: we are meant to grow, like the Lotus, and not dirty our hands in the mud that surrounds us.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Life was the gift that you were given the day you were born, and in turn you are the gift to life. Only in the moments of being alone in the darkness on the raft, will you have the space to speak, listen, and to act from the heart.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|By creating an image of low self- esteem within ourselves, we bomb and terrorize our true self. When we refuse to forgive, we create an insensible war from old grudges. When we allow stress to impede our healthy flow of energy, we create the weapon of destruction that kills humanity.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Although at times you might want to detract from the path, realize that how you treat yourself becomes the foundation as to how you treat others; although we may want to resort to violence in words during conflict, understand that how you speak to others becomes the basis of how you speak to yourself; although we may want to give up; do not be fooled in the idea that ease and comfort is where your true path lies.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Acknowledge and accept that there will be chaotic times while being on your raft from being lost in true freedom. Engulfed by darkness at sea, we are consumed by a great loneliness that has consistently existed even when people surrounded us, and that is when we must throw all that is heavy into the water, and float independently through to the present.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Without the fear of occasional gaffes, the willingness to be perfectly imperfect, and the heart of a child who creates chaos first thing in the morning for a parent; you are not allowing our inner child to grow. You grow in pain, not in years, and you must cross the bridge without knowing of the pain, the tears, or the trials and tribulations that you will come to have to face, but sweet child of mine, stay the happy child of mine.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|With nowhere to go, we have everywhere else to go.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Without waiting for others acknowledge your purpose, remaining balanced when things don’t work out, and uncompromising in your effort; realize that you have a piece of the universe for which she cannot exist without.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Wisdom comes from not only in the understanding that often times we say no to things too easily and quickly, but also in knowing that that ‘no’ for the sake of your physical and mental wellbeing can also be a reasonable and grounded decision for which you shouldn’t feel the need to feel guilty.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Apples to oranges, the act of comparing your life to another’s is more like comparing an elephant to an apple, it makes no sense to compare someone’s life that you have no knowledge about to that of your own, of which in all earnest is not something that you completely understand yourself.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Peace of Man"Greet each man with words of loveAnd peace,And a dove will be placedOn an olive tree.Leave a man with feelingsOf betrayalOr envy,And a dove gets shotOff the olive tree.Greet each man with peace,And leave each man with love.Ask yourself -One more enemy,Or one more dove?Always choose love.It's time for everybody toSpeak love.Let's fill the trees with doves,And spread the leaves of love.So,Always addAnd never subtractAnother peace of manFrom the olive tree.
Criss Jami, Healology|The problem is politics is made a sport, almost as much a sport as football or baseball. When it comes to politics, adults and politicians do more finger-pointing and play more games than children ever do. Too often are we rooting for the pride of a team rather than the good of the nation.
Umair Siddiqui|The beautiful affair of sun, sky and the sea brings a perfect moment of love, peace and joy
Shannon L. Alder|Peace is not about who you can live with, but who you can't live without.
Ron Paul|It must be remembered that a vast majority of mankind’s history has been spent living under the rule of tyrants and authoritarians. The ideas of Liberty are very new when you consider the big picture. By contrast, various forms of socialism and fascism have been adopted over and over again. Be wary of those who try to present these old and tired ideas as something new and exciting. Liberty and free markets are the way forward if we truly desire peace and prosperity.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If we stood close to each other, side by side, as true brothers and sisters, then evil would not know how to stand between us.
Malcolm X|But let’s not forget the Jew. Anybody that gives even a just criticism of the Jew is instantly labeled anti-Semite. The Jew cries louder than anybody else if anybody criticizes him. You can tell the truth about any minority in America, but make a true observation about the Jew, and if it doesn’t 't pat him on the back, then he uses his grip on the news media to label you anti-Semite.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The world is no longer white, black, yellow and brown. Through love, tribes have been intermixing colors to reveal a new rainbow world. And as more time passes, this racial and cultural blending will make it harder for humans to side with one race, nation or religion over another.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You can conquer any aggressive action, with restraint and patient.
Alan Kinross, Longinus The Vampire: Babylon|Time after time, they brought each other to new heights of ecstasy, until finally, they lay spent in each others arms in the quiet peace and contentment that only lovers know.
Evinda Lepins|When we are anxious about what is going to happen next, we are not staying in our now!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You act in love to be kind, be gentle and be peaceful.
Gillian Duce|A smile is a light within you being turned on, it can illuminate the path for you and others.
Sunday Adelaja|If a country successfully translate the principles of truth and honesty into their social life, then that country experiences peace, tranquillity and serenity.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset|There are few things more powerful than people united. What they unite over is not what matters. ... The most important aspect is remembering our existing connection, and, through that, allowing ourselves to feel at peace.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You are a valuable instrument in the orchestration of your own world, and the overall harmony of the universe. Always be in command of your music. Only you can control and shape its tone. If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.
Manprit Kaur|Retain your peace by refusing to respond to rude, judgemental, or prying people. They won't understand anyway.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Be wary of any man who is quick to put down another man's faith. His love for Truth is not deep enough for him to want to explore additional truths outside his borders. The language of light can only be decoded by the heart. Thus, a man with a closed heart is already blind to understand the words of his own faith.
Anna Asche|I’m quietly sipping my coffee,sitting on the deck,settled in to my little jungle of herbs and buzzing bees,letting my thoughts wander, soaked in the warmth of the rising sun.Breathing in and out the soft air filling the moment with fluids of peace.
George Orwell|We sleep soundly in our beds, because rough men stand ready in the night to do violence on those who would harm us"Orwell cited Kipling's phrase "making mock of uniforms that guard you while you sleep" (Kipling, Tommy), and further noted that Kipling's "grasp of function, of who protects whom, is very sound. He sees clearly that men can be highly civilized only while other men, inevitably less civilized, are there to guard and feed them." (1942)
Widad Akreyi|The voices of peace can’t be silenced by bombs, shootings, sieges, brutality and barbarism. Despite the challenges we face as peace-makers in a troubled region, all we want is peace and our campaign #WeWantPeace continues.
Kate McGahan, JACK McAFGHAN: Reflections on Life with my Master|Not all dogs are perfect dogs, but all dogs are inherently good. Like people, we are affected by environment and circumstance. Some breeds get a bad rap because sometimes humans breed them to be a certain way, like overly macho or protective. In our life on earth we are dependent on humans for everything, including our breeding. We can be bred for aggression or we can be bred for peace.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|I can be happy or unhappy in all situations. I am sure of it, because I have been. I have felt distraught and joyful in situations of abundance as well as poverty, in situations of popularity and anonymity, in situations of success and failure. The difference was never based on the situation itself, but always on my state of mind and heart. When I knew I was walking with God, I always felt happy and at peace. When I was entangled in my own complaints and emotional needs, I always felt restless and divided.
Manprit Kaur|God speaks to you all the time ~ Have you tuned in to the cosmic vibrations of love, harmony, peace, and truth? Unless you quieten that blabbering little mind of yours, you won’t be able to listen to the Divine music that plays on and on...Just for one heavenly second, shut your eyes, ears, and mind to the cacophonous noises of this physical, illusionary, temporary world. Exit all the drama.Just for that one heavenly second, stay quiet and simply listen. Listen to the ambrosial sound. It vibrates with joy.You can have more of this soulful peace in your life, if only you choose to align yourself with the Source of Love and Light. The more you stay attuned to "Home", the less you’d wander in-vain.
Manasa Rao|As a writer, It’s an elation to see my own words in print, to float them out there for all the world to read and to learn that some of the world actually does read them. Of their own free will! It warms the heart. However, I have learnt that in spite of frequent and sound advice, the world has not become a noticeably more peaceful kingdom. Folly abounds, incompetence, wrath, crime, nonsense prevails, thieves multiply, power corrupts. And my bones creak in the morning. Still, spectacular things go on in the sky; forms and colors and movements, cloud shapes and sunscapes so awesome I ought to end everyday standing on a rooftop and clapping and calling for more. Slowly I learn bits of what there is to see, and then forget and learn again. And learn too that mortality is the stuff of life; learn how soon the young get old, how short a while is for ever. It’s sad to stand on the hill and, one by one, see the lights go out around you; sad to know the paper has begun turning yellow before the pencil gets to the bottom of the page, to realize there won’t be time enough to get it all done – the chores, the cooking, the sitting on the porch to watch the birds dart at dusk, the major work. But there’s something reassuring too in understanding that death is nature’s, life’s, God’s way of letting us know that we are never meant to save the world single-handedly, to keep the sun aloft and the old globe spinning. What we’re meant to do, I hope, is fill some small and temporary slot, to give off a little light for a little while and then lie down. I’m comfortable with that, with the notion of being a small voice yapping away in a small planet. One of many voices, neither the wisest, nor the best, but mine, and fairly close to as good as I can make it.
Erwin K. Thomas, A Weekly Encounter: Fifty-Two Meditations of Hope|With true light comes instruments of peace. It's best when such peace begins in an American home and spread out throughout the many homes, villages and societies in the world.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|My soul is utterly frantic for that single place of perfect refuge from which I can clearly see the winds rip and hear the tempest tear, yet despite the ferocity of the tumult I rest in such a sublime peace it is as if neither existed at all. And if I have not yet found such a place, it is because I have not yet found God.
Debasish Mridha|Until you know how to change yourself for the better, you cannot change others.
Debasish Mridha|To get lost in the ecstasy and elegance of life, let me dive in the depth of love.
Debasish Mridha|I may not know who you are, where you are, or where you will be after I have gone, but I still love you. I came to this world to serve all of you.
Debasish Mridha|You attract others with your inner lights of positivity, love, and kindness.
Debasish Mridha|To find yourself again and again, get lost in true love.
Debasish Mridha|Magical morning lights, dreamy sky,Smiling flowers letting us know summer is opening her eyes
Debasish Mridha|To find prosperity in life, help others to prosper.
Debasish Mridha|When you are ready to be done with the day, praise yourself with love and kindness for the hard work and accomplishments made during the day.
Debasish Mridha|When you are ready, every door will open automatically for you.
Debasish Mridha|All that matters in life is that you are happy with where you are, what you are, and with whom you are. Everything around you will be happy and smile with you. If that isn’t success, then what is?
Debasish Mridha|Very little effort is needed to create a prosperous life. Focus on positivity, prosperity, and love.
Debasish Mridha|Ah! Summer is here. Celebrate the lights, dance with the blooming flowers, swim with the heart touching waves, sing under the dreamy starlight, dance with the winds, fall in love with the blue sky and the simple joys of life.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever happens in life happens to make you stronger. So fear not, accept it as a gift from the universe. Use the event to capture the essence of this journey we call life.
Debasish Mridha|True love not only attracts hearts, but it also shines like the sun.
Debasish Mridha|Always be there for others. Always inspire them with your dreams and hope, vision and mission, attitude and aptitude.
Debasish Mridha|I am not apologetic. I don’t define or defend my philosophical thoughts. You have to feel them, think about them, imagine them, and then try to understand them. My thoughts are my truths. They may not be your truth, and that is fine with me.
Debasish Mridha|To welcome the present with an open hand and heart, let your past go with appreciation.
Debasish Mridha|The truth should not be contingent, but it should be coherent.
Debasish Mridha|I like Aristotle, but I don’t agree with his cosmological argument about god.
Debasish Mridha|It is important to be moral, but it is essential to be kind.
Debasish Mridha|When you slowly and gently get lost in love, you become infinite.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness can be short, sweet, transient, and random, but its effects echo forever.
Debasish Mridha|Right is not always right. If you are appropriate, then you are always right.
Debasish Mridha|In order to succeed, we must first dream. Then we must believe in that dream and take action.
Debasish Mridha|The happiest people are not always the richest, but they are always abundant with kindness and content with their richness
Debasish Mridha|I may not give you as much love as you want, but I will give you as much as I have.
Debasish Mridha|When a baby is born here on earth, a star is born in the sky.
Debasish Mridha|If someone hurts you, he is hurting himself. He may not be able to escape that hurt in his lifetime.
Debasish Mridha|I may not believe in magic, but I know words have the magical power to change a person or a life in a second.
Debasish Mridha|If you have to pray and sacrifice an animal to purify your heart, that is not a prayer. That is pure hatred.
Debasish Mridha|To be a leader, take action and be an example. To be an adviser, be wise.
Debasish Mridha|If any belief or societal dogma prevents peaceful societal change or progress, that society will inevitably be victims of miserable violent changes.
Debasish Mridha|It takes respect, understanding, and forgiveness to make peace.
Debasish Mridha|If you are loving, you will attract love. If you are kind, you will attract kindness. If your heart is at peace, you will create an aura of peacefulness around you.
Debasish Mridha|You may slowdown, but time will not wait for you.
Debasish Mridha|I am neither moral or immoral. I am amoral, and I express it through my kindness.
Debasish Mridha|If you are truly in love with this world and your life, then you will lose the sense of angst.
Debasish Mridha|The currency of a happy life is not money, but it is pure love.
Debasish Mridha|This moment is the most important and beautiful moment of your life. Live it, love it, and enjoy it!
Debasish Mridha|Oh Dear! The only time I want to love you is today, tomorrow, and forever.
Debasish Mridha|Start your day by awakening early to welcome the morning sun with a smile, love, and gratitude.
Debasish Mridha|Life is like a snowflake—transient, translucent, adventurous, ephemeral, and beautiful.
Debasish Mridha|Start each morning with appreciation, love, and gratitude.
Debasish Mridha|To be the person you always wanted to be, do the right things with love.
Debasish Mridha|Always be grateful for life, love, and joy.
Debasish Mridha|I may not be able to leave behind wealth or splendor, but I will try to leave behind examples and stories of my love and kindness to inspire you to be kind and spread the message of kindness.
Debasish Mridha|To find it, give the love that you seek.
Debasish Mridha|The joy of life is in new creations, new adventures, and new feelings.
Debasish Mridha|Always try to live in a wonderful world where the sun is always shining, flowers are always blooming, birds are always singing, and you are always busy with a joyful life.
Debasish Mridha|If you help others to be happy, nobody can steal your happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t blame other people for your problems. Only you can do anything about your problems. Inspect, reflect, realize, and then find the cure. No one can do it for you.
Debasish Mridha|In life, every step you take is an adventure. Never fear to venture and never forget to enjoy.
Debasish Mridha|With your spare time and money, make a difference for those who can’t afford a life.
Debasish Mridha|To open a closed door, use kindness as your key.
Debasish Mridha|To add value to your life, serve others with love and kindness.
Debasish Mridha|Your silence holds the mysterious and beautiful secrets of your life. Feel it, love it, adore it, live it, and enjoy it.
Debasish Mridha|Wealth is the byproduct of thoughts. To be wealthy, think of wealth.
Debasish Mridha|In the morning, smile like the morning sun and give the best gift of a smile filled with the warmth of love.
Debasish Mridha|To win, don’t compete. To love, don’t complain. To be kind, don’t judge.
Debasish Mridha|If you have any hate in your heart, you will not be able to create a society that is just.
Debasish Mridha|Life is an amazingly mysterious and interesting game. To win, you have to play with the magical powers of love and kindness.
Debasish Mridha|Love someone not because of what they have, love them because of what they are.
Debasish Mridha|If life is a prison, then death is the ultimate freedom.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a journey. If you can’t walk, journey with your thoughts and imaginations.
Debasish Mridha|If you hurt, expect to feel the pain.
Debasish Mridha|What you expect, it will find the way to appear.
Debasish Mridha|If you expect love, don't forget to love someone.
Debasish Mridha|I have no words to express my sadness, grief, and frustration. I never thought Bengali people could do such a heinous and atrocious thing. My heart goes out to those innocent victims and their families.
Debasish Mridha|You are a leader if your vision, mission, and actions inspire others to emulate you or follow your path.
Debasish Mridha|Without an abundance of hope and happiness, it will be difficult to accumulate an abundance of wealth.
Debasish Mridha|Be judgmental to yourself, but be kind and non-judgmental to others.
Debasish Mridha|In life, every moment and everything, is miraculous because life itself is a dance of a miracle.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t wait for a perfect day. To make it a perfect day, dance the whole day, sing every hour, and love every moment
Debasish Mridha|The wisest man is he who is kind to all, compassionate to many, and rude to none.
Debasish Mridha|To achieve all of your goals, focus on one goal at a time.
Debasish Mridha|If you make someone suffer today, without any doubt, you will be punished by your conscience. Don’t hurt anyone in anyway or form.
Debasish Mridha|Everything you think today will ultimately reflect in your future. So think carefully, think better.
Debasish Mridha|If your vision encourages and enables others to hope more, see more, act more, love more, and live more then you are a true pathfinder.
Debasish Mridha|When citizens of a country or nation believe in superstitions or dogma, they will inevitably suffer from tremendous misery or tragedy.
Debasish Mridha|I am not the human being that you see. I am the light. In my heart, I feel dances of electromagnetic waves of love and spirit.
Debasish Mridha|The more you focus on the positive and the beauty around you, the more positive and peaceful your life will be.
Debasish Mridha|Just like you can’t punish anyone without punishing yourself, you can’t love anyone without loving yourself.
Debasish Mridha|We often know the truth, but rarely do we follow it.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the best treatment for depression. To get better, you have to give it away as much as you can, as fast as you can, and as often as you can.
Debasish Mridha|In some way or another we are all agnostics. We don’t believe in ninety-nine percent of Gods, and we don’t know the ultimate reality.
Debasish Mridha|To find the truth, try to follow the Socratic method. Just don’t forget to follow your intuition and imagination.
Debasish Mridha|If you don’t exist, then for you nothing exists.
Debasish Mridha|I don’t believe in solipsism, but I also believe that if I am not existing—nothing exists for me.
Debasish Mridha|If life is a business, then you are blessed with an abundance of capital which is your unconditional love.
Debasish Mridha|We can kill all of the terrorist, but that will not solve the problem of terrorism. By reducing or eliminating fundamentalism we may be able to reduce terrorism. Open your eyes and look at the world. Fundamentalism is a prison for the human mind where no free thinking can be done. In that prison, the mind will stagnate and degenerate. The mind works in a very different way. It wants to get out. When that imprisoned mind can’t get out, it becomes more fundamentalist and it wants to take revenge. Terrorism is the weapon of fundamentalism.
Debasish Mridha|Great music is a great remedy for depression, but you have to drink it in with your heart and mind.
Debasish Mridha|Yesterday was good, but let us dream and work hard to make tomorrow even better.
Debasish Mridha|To find joy in life, it is our responsibility and duty to love and serve others.
Debasish Mridha|In order to create a positive life, you have to have a positive vision and take creative actions.
Debasish Mridha|To create a positive and beautiful life, you have to focus on the positive side of life.
Debasish Mridha|In order to get positive results, fill your mind with positive thoughts and take action.
Debasish Mridha|Never forget to give. If you have nothing to give, then give your love and kindness.
Debasish Mridha|To find yourself, learn to love yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Because of you, I can see and realize the beauty of life.
Debasish Mridha|My heart is aching for the people of Nice, Italy. I am so sad that I have no words to express my frustration.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a magnificent and magical game. To win, play with utmost care and profound love.
Debasish Mridha|Like a peacock, dance with an open mind and a loving heart to reveal your incredible beauty.
Debasish Mridha|You can never destroy the barbarian culture of hatred, violence, and death by killing barbarians. You have to destroy the philosophy that makes them barbarian.
Debasish Mridha|The attractive power of love is intensified proportional to the intensity of thoughts, perception of duration, and the perceived distance.
Debasish Mridha|You are beautiful, not only because of your beauty, because of who you are.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, you have to break down your wall of fear that you built around you to protect yourself and come out of your mental limitations.
Debasish Mridha|If you are opportunity oriented, you will find opportunities all around you. If you are problem oriented, you will see problems all around you.
Debasish Mridha|You came to this world with nothing, and you will leave this world with nothing. There is nothing to gain or lose. You can only touch everyone and everything with your love.
Debasish Mridha|It is interesting that we know how the world and the planetary systems work, but we don’t know how we think and why we are conscious.
Debasish Mridha|Dream, desire, and then dare to discover.
Debasish Mridha|Love to live, live to love—nothing else matters.
Debasish Mridha|Destiny is defined by your choices, decisions, and determination.
Debasish Mridha|To control yourself, control your fear first.
Debasish Mridha|Don't only dream it, live in it.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to tie someone with love, but it takes a lifetime to untie the knot of love.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my dear! No matter where you are, I will be with you either in person or in my heart.
Debasish Mridha|The view from above is always beautiful. Strive to go there, but never forget to be kind.
Debasish Mridha|I don’t believe in miracles, but my life is an amazing example of a miracle.
Debasish Mridha|You may not get what you desire, but you will get what you deeply love.
Debasish Mridha|If you see only problems, then the doors of opportunities will close. If you see only opportunities, then problems will fly away.
Debasish Mridha|In this ocean of time, life is smaller than a drop of water. To create an impact, create a massive wave with the power of your infinite love.
Debasish Mridha|The best and biggest gold mine is in between your ears. To find the gold, think deeply and think better.
Debasish Mridha|A new baby is a bundle of hope, a smiling imagination, and a dancing dreams.
Debasish Mridha|Never think of hurting anyone else, if you do, you are already hurting yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Innovation gives life to imagination by providing that it is true, real, and useful.
Debasish Mridha|I have no magic wand to control what other people think or do. I can control how I respond, and this is all that matters.
Debasish Mridha|I can’t control the waves of the ocean, but I can learn how to navigate my ship.
Debasish Mridha|If any morality or ethics does not include kindness as their fundamental ingredient, then they are just an absurdity.
Debasish Mridha|Winning has a value for ego, but participation has a value for life.
Debasish Mridha|In deep silence, close your eyes and let your heart fly by spreading those wings of love in an unknown sky.
Debasish Mridha|When you are in love, an ocean of joy dances like the waves in an ocean. You are that ocean.
Debasish Mridha|When you are eager to serve the world, the universe will be eager to serve you.
Debasish Mridha|I am the waves of the ocean, and I am always in love with the floating white clouds. I sing along with the wind and dance along with your thoughts and imaginations.
Debasish Mridha|Like the ocean, never forget to be generous with your love.
Debasish Mridha|Things are not real, but they are the reflection of our imaginations and perceptions.
Debasish Mridha|When you believe, the whole world with all of her positive-synchronized power dares to help you.
Debasish Mridha|We live in this universe not with the power of our body, but with the power of our will and spirit.
Debasish Mridha|As life begins with a tiny little thing, success begins with tiny little steps forward.
Debasish Mridha|When in doubt, focus on your heart. It will show you your destiny.
Debasish Mridha|If you share your happiness with profound love, it will grow by leaps and bounds.
Debasish Mridha|If you conform, you miss all of the adventures and stand against the progress of society.
Debasish Mridha|If you have no anger inside your heart, you will have no enemy outside in the world.
Debasish Mridha|Three things to give up to be happier: 1. Never complain, condemn, or criticize. 2. Give up anger, fear, and resentment. 3. Give up the desire to impress and control others.
Debasish Mridha|Learn to read deeply. It will slowly open your mind’s eye, and will be able to see the secret beauty of the universe and understand its deeper essence.
Debasish Mridha|It is very easy to know someone, but it takes a lifetime to forget them.
Debasish Mridha|Love, not for a purpose, love just for the sake of love.
Debasish Mridha|What you believe and hold close to your heart, you will become.
Debasish Mridha|Life is magical for those whose hearts are loving, minds are full with joy, and eyes that are dancing with beauty.
Debasish Mridha|When you forgive everyone, you have no one to fight.
Debasish Mridha|If you want inner peace, unconditionally forgive everyone. If you want world peace, be an example and love everyone.
Debasish Mridha|When the mind is peaceful, hearts will bloom with love.
Debasish Mridha|I have no desire to fight with anyone, anyway. I have a desire to forgive everyone, every way.
Debasish Mridha|Promise yourself to forgive everyone, love everyone, and judge no one.
Debasish Mridha|Be so strong; for peace of mind, love those who do not deserve your love.
Debasish Mridha|To find inner peace, exercise kindness and compassion.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to get wealth, focus on wealth. If you want happiness, focus on happiness.
Debasish Mridha|A person who can understand, appreciate, and sing along with a tree has a deeper perception on life.
Debasish Mridha|To be a great success detect the problem, find the solutions, never complain, but never forget to compliment someone.
Debasish Mridha|The world is a living mirror. With the light of your perception, you see yourself in it every moment.
Debasish Mridha|Before we can change the world, we have to change ourselves. We can do it by focusing, concentrating, meditating, and self-realizing.
Debasish Mridha|You may not be a great success in everything, but every time you try you will learn something.
Debasish Mridha|Why is there such madness in our world? Why can’t we stop it? Why do we hate others? Tolerance, harmony, compassion, and kindness are the beauty of life.
Debasish Mridha|Wealth is a byproduct of wealth-oriented education, ideas, and thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|Life is like a cooking pot. If you cook something good, you well get something tasty. If you cook something bad, you will get something bad.
Debasish Mridha|Deep down in my heart, I know that I know nothing.
Debasish Mridha|How much you are able to learn is determined by how much you are involved, how much you participate, and how many actions you take.
Debasish Mridha|Why do we teach our children to hate others when there are so many options to love? Why do we teach hate when kindness, compassion, tolerance, and harmony add such beauty to life?
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy a beautiful life, always believe in your heart that life is wonderful.
Debasish Mridha|Be a fountain of love and joy so that everyone can see, feel, and enjoy it.
Debasish Mridha|It is not always good to be right, but it is always wonderful to be kind
Debasish Mridha|Christmas teaches us to be loving, kind, giving, forgiving, and appreciating.
Debasish Mridha|During Christmas, open your heart with love to appreciate the beauty of life and all the presents that you have received from the earth.
Debasish Mridha|Deep down in my heart, I am always smiling because life is such a magical, mysterious, and wonderful thing.
Debasish Mridha|A baby is a beautiful, blooming, flower that can smile, sing, and dance.
Debasish Mridha|My prayer for you is simple. May the power of love be with you. May kindness adorn your heart, and may simplicity find a peaceful place in your thoughts and actions.
Debasish Mridha|To be a great success, you must do two things without fear: love and share.
Debasish Mridha|Niagara Falls is a magnificent fall of dancing, singing, glowing, and flowing liquid love that exists to reconnect broken hearts.
Debasish Mridha|In the distant golden sunset sky, a magnificent rainbow is opening wings to fly.
Debasish Mridha|A baby is a symbol of peace, a plot of dreams, a light of hope, and a bundle of joy.
Debasish Mridha|I am so busy loving life, I have no time to hate.
Debasish Mridha|To conquer anxiety, love everything and fear nothing.
Debasish Mridha|Stress often comes from speed. So slow down, be simple, enjoy the profound beauty of the little flowers.
Debasish Mridha|Stress comes from unknown fear. To reduce stress, love what you do and be who you are.
Debasish Mridha|Go ahead. Enjoy the hills and valleys, days and nights, and all the beauty of life.
Debasish Mridha|When you fall in love, your heart blooms like a flower and your soul transforms and transcends like a butterfly
Debasish Mridha|Democracy is good, but it is not good for an uneducated dogmatic society. Often, that society does not know how to choose wisely.
Debasish Mridha|My wish for you is that your life will always be filled with an abundance of love, joy, and wonderful, amazing moments.
Debasish Mridha|Think independently and critically, but never forget to think with understanding and love.
Debasish Mridha|To learn why a country or society is developed or poor, don’t study their financial condition but do a psychoanalysis of them. Most often, the development of a country or society depends on thoughts and ideas and not on their financial condition.
Debasish Mridha|When you fall in love, waves of joy fill your dreams and become your reality while your realities become your dreams.
Debasish Mridha|Knowing the question is more important than knowing the answer. It makes you curious, lets you think, and helps you to understand and open your mind.
Debasish Mridha|When we blindly accept an idea, a thought, or a dogma, we become blind.
Debasish Mridha|It is not difficult to learn a new idea, but it is almost impossible to unlearn an old one.
Debasish Mridha|You are responsible for your choices, and your choices define who you are.
Debasish Mridha|To achieve greatness, we must overcome the fear of failure and dare to take great risks.
Debasish Mridha|To create greatness, give away your life for the success of others.
Debasish Mridha|The door of opportunity is always open, but you have to find the door to enter.
Debasish Mridha|Remember that everything that is happening around you, good or bad, is in some way conspiring to help you.
Debasish Mridha|You can change a life by touching someone with simple, beautiful, kind, words and a loving smile.
Debasish Mridha|To begin again, every failure provides experience and opens the door of opportunity.
Debasish Mridha|I compete every moment, and my competition is only with myself.
Debasish Mridha|The secret of happiness is to be loving, cheerful, and appreciative.
Debasish Mridha|Love others as much as you can, as often as you can, and as deeply as you can. Never forget to love yourself.
Debasish Mridha|When you are busy with living your life, age can never find you to make her mark.
Debasish Mridha|You may not stop getting older, but you can paint your world with the vibrant colors of love to keep feeling younger.
Debasish Mridha|Life is so short, transient, and beautiful that there is not enough time to get old.
Debasish Mridha|Let us grow together, not to become older, to love each other better.
Debasish Mridha|If you fall into troubles, it is not that you did something wrong. It is because the universe wants to prepare you for a better life by making you strong.
Debasish Mridha|Others are responsible for their actions toward you, but you are responsible for your reactions. Always be considerate and kind with your actions.
Debasish Mridha|Appreciate more to attract more,Feel more to understand more.Give away more to get more.Love more to live more.
Debasish Mridha|When you appreciate anything or love anything, you attract it with the universal force of attraction.
Debasish Mridha|It is not our external actions that attract others, but it is the actions of our imaginations, visualizations, and subconscious minds that attract others.
Debasish Mridha|In the fountain of youth, love is the water and enthusiasm is the power.
Debasish Mridha|Everyone comes into your life to fulfill a purpose of their life. So help them with love, kindness, and care.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever mom is, there is my heart and my home.
Debasish Mridha|I lived with my mother for only a short time. Even though I left, she is always surrounding me with her love.
Debasish Mridha|The most loving, soft, and sweetest word in the world is “Mom.
Debasish Mridha|Life is an unknown game, and every day you play on a new field.
Debasish Mridha|Be a leader with a ladder, not a boss with an order.
Debasish Mridha|Your tears proves that you are an emotional human being; love, joy, sadness and misery touches you deeply.
Debasish Mridha|I often cry, not from sadness, from the joy of the miraculous beauty of life.
Debasish Mridha|You can never die. With death, you transform and transcend.
Debasish Mridha|In the deep dark silence, my mind dances with the moonlight and feels the joy of this precious ephemeral life.
Debasish Mridha|When you love others unconditionally and care for others endlessly, you create a blissful life.
Debasish Mridha|Be not a person only, be a message to the world.
Debasish Mridha|Never criticize, complain or condemn. Never forget to appreciate with love what is good in a person.
Debasish Mridha|Criticism always produces negative reactions, but appreciation always creates positive actions.
Debasish Mridha|To feel the joy of life, welcome everyone with a smile.
Debasish Mridha|A mind is not a barren field, but it is an ever-growing and ever blooming garden of love.
Debasish Mridha|If your joy of life depends on something or someone, then you are not enjoying your life. You are enjoying the person or the thing.
Debasish Mridha|To be a successful doer, be a dreamer.
Debasish Mridha|This world is your mirror. Wherever you go, you see a reflection of your thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|Not knowing that I am in the ocean of love, I am swimming to reach the island of love.
Debasish Mridha|When you have learned to love and control yourself, then you become the master of yourself.
Debasish Mridha|The highest form of wisdom comes from deep observation, kind realization, and curious actualization.
Debasish Mridha|When someone can love without judging, he is truly wise.
Debasish Mridha|As a physician, I try to heal the mind before healing the body. That’s why most of my patients get better even before they start any medication.
Debasish Mridha|If someone believes in god, is he a liar? He never saw god or any proof or evidence of god. He only heard about god.
Debasish Mridha|Find yourself, who are you?Choose yourself, who can you be?Define yourself to find your destination.
Debasish Mridha|To be strong, find strength within yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning is a big, bright, window that opens just for you to fill your life with the light of joy.
Debasish Mridha|If you wholeheartedly expect success, it will happen.
Debasish Mridha|To understand the universe, look deep into your heart.
Debasish Mridha|When you give without expectations, your soul dances and sparkles with deep inner joy.
Debasish Mridha|I follow three rules: find the opportunity to love and love endlessly, be kind to all and rude to none, and serve others with care and know that service is joy.
Debasish Mridha|To improve your being, appreciate yourself for simplest of reasons.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the freshness of life, be simple like water.
Debasish Mridha|Trust yourself, and remember you are a miracle.
Debasish Mridha|To increase the value of your day, add some love and gratitude to your coffee and some kindness to your dinner.
Debasish Mridha|Dear Moon, Slowly enlighten my heart with your lovely, silvery, dancing, miraculous light.
Debasish Mridha|If you are expecting something in return for your love, you are not loving truly.
Debasish Mridha|To find yourself, be yourself. To get lost in yourself, love yourself unconditionally.
Debasish Mridha|To feel the pure joy of life, donate yourself for the betterment of others.
Debasish Mridha|To be the love, dissolve into love.
Debasish Mridha|A kiss is a moment of quantum leaps, a moment of shared joy, and a moment of bliss.
Debasish Mridha|To understand the song of life, listen to the melody of wind and ocean and watch the dance of waves and water.
Debasish Mridha|To create happiness all around, be loving to all.
Debasish Mridha|To create a kind society, be kind to all.
Debasish Mridha|Even though we express emotions and feel motion, life is nothing but a dream and a magical illusion.
Debasish Mridha|To fill life with joy, smile with love.
Debasish Mridha|You have the right to believe anything you want and any religion you want. You do not have the right to hurt, harm, punish, enslave, discriminate, torment, torture, or kill any human being or any living thing in any way, shape, or form. Everyone has the right to live, the right to think, and the right to enjoy the beauty and happiness of life without being harmed or harming others.
Debasish Mridha|I am not me. I am not my body. I am my love, my kindness, and my service.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever you hurt someone, you bring torment into your own life.
Debasish Mridha|When you touch the moon with beloved eyes, you behold a glimpse of an amazing life.
Debasish Mridha|If you can find happiness inside of you, nothing will be able to create angst in your mind.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness is silent, but it speaks louder than a voice.
Debasish Mridha|Learning to be complex is easy, but learning to be simple is most difficult.
Debasish Mridha|Be curious, be inspired.
Debasish Mridha|Many people are not conforming with theism, but they are comfortable with spiritualism.
Debasish Mridha|Defined purpose oriented actions, not actions, are the attributes of success.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t let your outer pain, misery, and suffering touch your inner calmness and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|If you have nothing, don’t worry. You still have a smile and love to win the world.
Debasish Mridha|If someone hates you, secretly they are admiring you. They deserve you love and not your hate.
Debasish Mridha|With love, when you let it go, life finds the ways and means to grow.
Debasish Mridha|Love, just to love. Don't wait for a reason to love. That is selfishness.
Debasish Mridha|Ah, life, you make us suffer to love you more.
Debasish Mridha|Fear is natural, but love is eternal. Never be fearful of love.
Debasish Mridha|You may forget to eat, but you may never forget to smile and love.
Debasish Mridha|Failure is part of life, but surrender is the end of life.
Debasish Mridha|See life as if it is a miracle, and will find that it is indeed a miracle!
Debasish Mridha|Use your love to change the world, but never change your love for any reason.
Debasish Mridha|Life is like an echo; if you love life, it loves you back.
Debasish Mridha|Be to believe, feel to love, and create to inspire.
Debasish Mridha|Start every morning by drinking a cup of love, and you will enjoy the day and love everyone.
Debasish Mridha|When someone criticizes you, give them two gifts- your smile and a compliment.
Debasish Mridha|If you are alive, then you have a reason to smile.
Debasish Mridha|Forget to criticize, but never forget to enjoy criticism.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you want to be, it is okay with me as long as you never forget to be happy.
Debasish Mridha|Without love and forgiveness, how could there be happiness?
Debasish Mridha|Every morning, sweeten your coffee with some love and you will sweeten your day with happiness.
Debasish Mridha|When you share your truth and your thoughts, you color the universe with your heart.
Debasish Mridha|Love everyone; trust everyone. You might get hurt, but don’t fear because a lover has no fear.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning you begin a new day, and it is the first day of the rest of your life.
Debasish Mridha|If you ever want to love someone, love yourself unconditionally first.
Debasish Mridha|Live simply, laugh joyfully, love tremendously, and leave silently.
Debasish Mridha|Love yourself first to fill your heart with bliss. Now give it away with humility, love, and gratitude.
Debasish Mridha|Dreaming is good, but without taking actions, a dream is just hope.
Debasish Mridha|The smell of the ocean, southern breeze, blue sky, and the gentle sound of dancing waves make me sing the song of love.
Debasish Mridha|Dance with the waves of sea and sing with the sky,touch the sands with love and let your mind fly high.
Debasish Mridha|Even though we know we have to let you go, our hearts are singing the song no- no- no. We can’t let you go.
Debasish Mridha|Just like the waves of the ocean, my heart is singing the song of endless, eternal, sadness, joy, and love.
Debasish Mridha|You may not need to tell me, I can hear your song better when your voice is silent and your heart is singing.
Debasish Mridha|Let your actions, not your words, be an inspiration.
Debasish Mridha|After death, I will lose my opportunity to complain so I will accept everything with love.
Debasish Mridha|Never disagree, agree to reach the destination in a different way.
Debasish Mridha|If you understand the desire of a blooming flower, you will be able to understand the meaning of life.
Debasish Mridha|When someone comes to you, let them feel like they are in your universe where they belong.
Debasish Mridha|The ultimate purpose of life is to live it with profound love, joy, and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Always remember that we are here to be kind, loving, and forgiving. We are here to enjoy the abundant ecstasy of life.
Debasish Mridha|Pursuit of truth, not success, is the ultimate purpose of an illuminated life.
Debasish Mridha|There is no fact or fiction, reality or illusion, there is only the trick of perception.
Debasish Mridha|If you love without judging anyone, you create your own heaven on this magnificent earth.
Debasish Mridha|Being creative, joyful, happy, and beloved are the ultimate purposes of a profound life.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t fall in love because it is slippery, fall in love to find yourself.
Debasish Mridha|After winter, spring never forgets to come.
Debasish Mridha|It is not the lack of commitment that destroys marriages, it is the lack of purpose.
Debasish Mridha|It may not be important what you say, but it is very important who you are.
Debasish Mridha|Roots never get the appreciation that a flower does, but that doesn’t make them envious.
Debasish Mridha|In the center of my being, I am floating with the waves of time in the ocean of light.
Debasish Mridha|In darkness, remember that the sun never forgets to rise with her morning smile.
Debasish Mridha|Let the beauty of love bloom like a flower, and then welcome everyone you meet with that flower.
Debasish Mridha|Let your mind dance with me. Let it be, just for a moment, stress free.
Debasish Mridha|Everything that happens around and within us is a reflection of our thoughts, imaginations, and actions.
Debasish Mridha|When we are kind to animals, they become loving and kind to us. It is our sacred duty to love the creator and the creations.
Debasish Mridha|You can never hurt anyone without hurting yourself. Never hurt an innocent, loving, and kind animal.
Debasish Mridha|It is difficult to live without judging others. If you have to judge, then judge with love.
Debasish Mridha|If you don’t know your destination, how will you get there?
Debasish Mridha|To be a fantastic writer, live in your dreams and imaginations where you can dance like a peacock, swim like a shark, and fly like a butterfly. Live where reality has no power to change you.
Debasish Mridha|Time is on its eternal journey at the same time it is motionless, emotionless and standing still.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a journey of astonishing beauty, and this is what makes life worth living.
Debasish Mridha|It is not money that is important, it is life that is important and precious.
Debasish Mridha|With profound love, kindness, and harmony trees are endlessly extending their blessings. That is why we are still living.
Debasish Mridha|By loving more, you let your love live forever. The more you love, the more love you will have to give away.
Debasish Mridha|On your journey, you will find a wondrous station called life; relax and enjoy the hospitality and beauty.
Debasish Mridha|Forget and forgive your past. Focus on your future, but never forget to act at the present moment.
Debasish Mridha|When you help someone to become a success, you unknowingly become a success.
Debasish Mridha|There is nothing wrong or right, only our thoughts make it so.
Debasish Mridha|How lucky we are! We are singing our songs, dancing our dances, and living our lives.
Debasish Mridha|Treat everyone with profound respect, love, and kindness.
Debasish Mridha|To be respected, respect others.
Debasish Mridha|Escape from the cage of beliefs Spread the wings of love, Now fly in your sky of imagination.
Debasish Mridha|The vastness of your imagination depends on the level of your consciousness, the power of your awareness, and the deepness of your perception.
Debasish Mridha|In silence, I hear the music of your heart.
Debasish Mridha|We may not control a situation, but we can control our responses and actions.
Debasish Mridha|When death is the ultimate destination for all of us, why are we not enjoying our lives?
Debasish Mridha|O my beloved! Wherever I am, I am with you always because you are always in my heart.
Debasish Mridha|Love is more than love, it is the ultimate passion and power.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy and appreciate the beauty of a dazzling spring, I save winter in my warm heart.
Debasish Mridha|You may not be able to find love, but if you give, you will get it back in return.
Debasish Mridha|A great sage is like a tree, he lives just to help others, just to make this world beautiful.
Debasish Mridha|To reach the pinnacle of success, you have to cross the treacherous valleys of failures and discontent.
Debasish Mridha|When nothing is possible, then do the impossible.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you do, stay in love.
Debasish Mridha|When you meet someone, never forget to give them two important presents: your love and your smile. It will cost you nothing.
Debasish Mridha|When you are in love, you are in an aura of aplomb in the midst of adversity.
Debasish Mridha|To be good, see goodness in everyone.
Debasish Mridha|In reality, what we call spirit is our universal consciousness.
Debasish Mridha|We have many goals, but only one ultimate purpose of life. That purpose is to be happy.
Debasish Mridha|When I say that we are spiritual beings that means that every human being has a universal consciousness. That universal awareness is our spirit, but we have different mindsets. Mind is a creation of society.
Debasish Mridha|You will get what you want, but you have to expect it with your open heart.
Debasish Mridha|In the thunder of life, without your light, I often lost my way.
Debasish Mridha|When I found you, I found my world where I can get lost without any reason.
Debasish Mridha|The heart may not always be practical, but it is always right.
Debasish Mridha|If you ever feel the need of my love, just open the window. My heart will always be there.
Debasish Mridha|When I started to live in simplicity my life became peaceful, joyful, and blissful.
Debasish Mridha|Burn yourself with the fire of love to enjoy the fiery, burning beauty of love.
Debasish Mridha|Unhappiness is complicated and has many different causes, but happiness is simple and has only one reason.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever I have doubt, I often use epistemological methods or dialectic methods to come to a rational conclusion.
Debasish Mridha|To feel worthy, value others.
Debasish Mridha|People fall in love with you not because they admire you, it is because they found their desires inside of you.
Debasish Mridha|Even though we don’t realize it, every moment we begin our adventure in the unknown future of life.
Debasish Mridha|Never ever work! Do everything for fun. Remember, life is for joy!
Debasish Mridha|When you told me, “You are my star,” my heart danced with joy because that was the best sentence that I have ever heard.
Debasish Mridha|To fill your life with joy and happiness, the greatest gift that you can give is love and kindness. Wishing you a memorable birthday!
Debasish Mridha|I wish you a vivacious day of love, laughter, and joy. Have an awesome birthday!
Debasish Mridha|Where a mediocre mind finds adversity, a great mind finds great opportunity.
Debasish Mridha|Close your eyes. Now see the world with your mind, and feel the joy of your magnificent life.
Debasish Mridha|When you give without expectations, you feel that joy is rushing through you like the spring breeze caressing a newly blooming flower.
Debasish Mridha|An artist sees not only the thing, but he also hears its inner voice.
Debasish Mridha|You are a living, breathing magnet, and love is your magnetic power.
Debasish Mridha|I may not be able to help you as much as I want, but I promise I will help you as much as I can.
Debasish Mridha|For a poet reality is mysterious, imaginations are magical, and perceptions are magnificent.
Debasish Mridha|I found God. He is not in heaven or in the heart. He is not in the sky nor is he flying high. He is not very big nor gigantic. He is almighty, all powerful, and very beautiful. He lives everywhere in every flower and every little speck of dust. He knows everything you do, and he does everything for you. He can feel every little change and memorize everything…so strange.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the language of life and all others are transient epi-phenomena. Like a fish, we are swimming in the ocean of love. We are so busy seeking love that we don’t realize we are swimming in love.
Debasish Mridha|Today you have added another candle of knowledge and wisdom to your life. May it give you the power to enlighten the whole world. On your birthday, I wish you joy and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Oh! You are a woman! You are the pure reflection of my mother, sister, and daughter. I can never hurt you.
Debasish Mridha|Love all, trust all, and help all. Know that no one can hurt you without your permission.
Debasish Mridha|It is not very important where you are, but where your thoughts are taking you is important.
Debasish Mridha|Determine your destination, choose a path, now with all your heart start going there.
Debasish Mridha|It is not the beauty of nature, but it is our dream-filled actions that create our futures.
Debasish Mridha|The heavenly sound of music kindles my heart, twinkles my mind, and feeds my soul so that I may transcend and transform.
Debasish Mridha|To brighten your vision, look at the positive side of life with great love.
Debasish Mridha|A woman is a symbol of nature; she has the beauty to attract and empower, the passion and compassion to create and nurture, and the power of love to transpire and transform.
Debasish Mridha|Life is so transient and ephemeral; we will not be here after a breath. So think better, think deeply, think with kindness, and write it with love so that it may live a little longer.
Debasish Mridha|To find the meaning of life, enjoy the journey, the beauty of the nature, the glint of a dew drop, the warmth of the morning sun, the songs of the wind, and smiles of flowers. These are all there to make your journey worthwhile and make your life meaningful.
Debasish Mridha|Anxiety does not take away stress; it just enhances it. If you accept changes with optimism and love, anxiety will melt away.
Debasish Mridha|When you smile, a bird finds her wings to fly.
Debasish Mridha|A woman is soft, kind, and loving. When you are in danger, she is always ready to sacrifice herself to save you. So never forget to respect her.
Debasish Mridha|Before giving up, try hard.
Debasish Mridha|If you know the secret of life, you will never think negatively.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy more, wonder more and smile more.
Debasish Mridha|Like the sun, start each day with a smile.
Debasish Mridha|Dance on the stage of life with love in your heart, a smile on your face, and a great vision in your mind.
Debasish Mridha|I want to be born and reborn as a cherry tree so that I may beautify this world with my blossoms, feed everyone with my nectar of love fruits, and purify the air with my calmly dancing leaves.
Debasish Mridha|When kindness is your religion, then caring is your prayer.
Debasish Mridha|Richness does not exist in being wealthy, richness exists in having abundance in life.
Debasish Mridha|To find love, be loving first.
Debasish Mridha|A flower is a gift of love from the universe given to you. So cherish it, enjoy it with a full blissful heart.
Debasish Mridha|When you anxiously await to emerge from deep darkness, you will realize the beauty of light.
Debasish Mridha|Before hurting anyone, especially those who cannot protect themselves, feel their pain with your heart. Take care of them as your little child.
Debasish Mridha|I may not know you, but I don’t see any difference between you and me. I see myself in you; we are one.
Debasish Mridha|You may be born thousands of years from now, but over the boundaries of time I am sending you my love and wishing you a joyful and wonderful life.
Debasish Mridha|For success, choice is more important than action.
Debasish Mridha|At the end of our lives, nothing remains except memories.
Debasish Mridha|With an open mind, you are the imagination of universal consciousness and the creation of the subconscious mind that wanders throughout the universe.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a magical power. If love is not a living magic, then what is?
Debasish Mridha|In my imagination, I can feel your presence. I can feel the warmth of your passionate hug. I can hear your sweet voice. I can hear the song of your beating heart.
Debasish Mridha|You may not find the opportunity to succeed, but you can always find the opportunity to serve. Then serve to succeed.
Debasish Mridha|Consciousness resides in the gap between electrons, protons, and neutrons.
Debasish Mridha|In order to achieve a higher consciousness, one must get lost in love.
Debasish Mridha|A kiss is a flower of love, a sweet song of two hearts, and a memory of eternal desires.
Debasish Mridha|If you know the power of your thoughts, you would never fear failure.
Debasish Mridha|When you love yourself endlessly, you will find that the whole world loves you too.
Debasish Mridha|Falling in love is very easy, but staying in love is very difficult.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to see magic, love someone and see the magical transformation.
Debasish Mridha|You are the prettiest flower in the garden of my love. As the moon longs for the night, my heart longs for your heart.
Debasish Mridha|Why is my perception right? If it is wrong, then what is right?
Debasish Mridha|We evaluate, measure, and describe this world from our own point of view, but how does a tree see the world?
Debasish Mridha|I have no money, but my wallet is overflowing with love.
Debasish Mridha|When you try hard to find happiness for other, you will unknowingly find yourself on the island of happiness.
Debasish Mridha|If you know the brightness of your heart, you will never fear darkness.
Debasish Mridha|With love, accept everything that life has to offer you. Life will be easy, kind, magnificent, and magical to you.
Debasish Mridha|When you are at the end of the road, turn around and take another road. I promise it will be less painful.
Debasish Mridha|You may not be able to buy love with money, but if you spend your love, you may end up with a lot of money.
Debasish Mridha|We earn to live, but we serve for a life.
Debasish Mridha|We are born to serve, to find the power of love, and to get what we deserve.
Debasish Mridha|Do your actions define who you are, or does your purpose define why you are?
Debasish Mridha|Trust in God, but trust yourself first.
Debasish Mridha|When you write from the heart, it is always beautiful.
Debasish Mridha|You are not a human being living your life, but you are a spiritual being longing for life.
Debasish Mridha|Past, I am letting you go. Future, I will see you tomorrow. Present, I love you, live in you, celebrate you, and will never let you go.
Debasish Mridha|True love is unbounded, unmitigated, and lasts forever. It never diminishes with time and distance.
Debasish Mridha|The world is a dangerous place, but there is no better world. Remember every one of us is responsible to make the world a joyful place.
Debasish Mridha|When I see that humanity is suffering, it tears my heart. I cry, and then I extend my hand to help heal my heart.
Debasish Mridha|To dream your wildest dream, find your deepest desire.
Debasish Mridha|When you desire to help, you will find a way to do it.
Debasish Mridha|If I dream under a moonlit night, should it vanish with the brightness of the morning sun?
Debasish Mridha|In your sky, you are the brightest star.Without you light, it’s dark like tar.So love yourself to enlighten others.
Debasish Mridha|The sun gave us our eyes to see the beauty of nature, his creation, through his light.
Debasish Mridha|To expand your world, love everyone even when no one is perfect.
Debasish Mridha|When you find that no one is loving you, be kind and give them your love.
Debasish Mridha|The more I love, the more I find that life is magical.
Debasish Mridha|I am not pretty; I am not ugly. I am not true, and I am not false. I am just me—a reality, a conception, and not a misinterpretation.
Debasish Mridha|To be as pure and perfect as a flower, you must think and dream like a flower.
Debasish Mridha|Without judging anyone, let us love everyone like a flower.
Debasish Mridha|A goal is important, but what you become to achieve that goal is much more important.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a land of opportunity to love, live, and enjoy beauty.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the beauty of love, be a big person in this small world.
Debasish Mridha|Follow your heart; don’t fear changes. With love, the heart changes its content.
Debasish Mridha|I define my journey, I enjoy it too.
Debasish Mridha|You are the creator of your universe, and you are the destroyer of it too.
Debasish Mridha|You are not what you think, but you are the reflection of what you think.
Debasish Mridha|Our eyes see only that which language can explain, but our hearts see that which is invisible and unexplainable.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my love, I like to vanish in you like a ripple vanishes in an ocean—slowly, silently, and endlessly.
Debasish Mridha|We came to this world to enjoy the magic of love, the beauty of existence, and the joy of life. We did not come to this world to look for money and fame.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t fear challenges. They often give us the opportunity to strengthen our courage, faith, and inner strength.
Debasish Mridha|Next to love, kindness is the most beautiful thing.
Debasish Mridha|The more I love, the more I get lost in love.
Debasish Mridha|Never get angry. If you have to get angry, get angry at yourself and not at others.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the magic, mystery, and the beauty of life.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to hold on, but it is difficult to let it go.
Debasish Mridha|Never pray for life to be easier, but pray for courage to go on and still enjoy every moment of beauty.
Debasish Mridha|All I wanted to do, ever, was be myself.
Debasish Mridha|A pen, a piece of white paper, and an idea can create a new you.
Debasish Mridha|Love is as abundant and powerful as sunlight. It can enlighten the whole world. Clouds of doubt can hide it temporarily, but it is always there. It can heal you as sunlight, but it can also burn you.
Debasish Mridha|With every sunrise, I rise with joy. My heart dances with love. I begin a new life fresh like a flower.
Debasish Mridha|This universe belongs to those who know how to see, feel, and love the beauty of life and the universe.
Debasish Mridha|To be infinite, lose yourself in infinite love.
Debasish Mridha|When I am longing for love, every rose is the expression of my soul.
Debasish Mridha|Attachment is the source of pain, but detachment is the source of joy.
Debasish Mridha|I failed many times, but I always found myself stronger and wiser.
Debasish Mridha|When you do things with love, flowers bloom inside you.
Debasish Mridha|You came from love, to live in love, to give away love, and to become love.
