Unknown Author 365|If you actually want something and are really passionate about it, you will get it no matter what.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He was the kind of man I wanted: wild, hot, horny, and losing control. And it all pointed back to me, about how much I felt in control of him, with the power of my body.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I heard him sweeping with the broom, and then he suddenly stopped.I had obviously got his attention, and he was lo
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I could feel his whole body trying to claim me, want me, own me in lust, and it made me feel so valuable and wanted. As I was bent over the table, I felt like I was the world to him, and he could think of nothing else, could feel nothing else: he was consumed with my body, dedicated to exploring my female sexual power and energy, and his desperate hitting of me with the belt felt like he would rather die, than be without the chance to connect with me in sex.
Isaiah Berlin, The Roots of Romanticism|Romanticism embodied "a new and restless spirit, seeking violently to burst through old and cramping forms, a nervous preoccupation with perpetually changing inner states of consciousness, a longing for the unbounded and the indefinable, for perpetual movement and change, an effort to return to the forgotten sources of life, a passionate effort at self-assertion both individual and collective, a search after means of expressing an unappeasable yearning for unattainable goals.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|Lust, pure gorgeous lust: the sacred energy that elevates us, and makes us feel so special.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|The air felt thick with the feeling between us, like it was filling the room: a room full of our carnal heat, our hot desire for each other. Both my hands were clenched on the tablecloth, bunching it tightly, as he continued to swipe the belt against my quivering ass cheeks, and I could feel his tight fist yank repeatedly on my hair.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I want you to fuck me, Chris,’ I said, lustfully whispering the words into his ear as he planted kisses on my neck. His lips were wild and yearning, eagerly devouring me.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I thought to myself how we were so wrapped up in this animal act, that he couldn’t care less about his tea shop business, and I couldn’t care less about my job. That’s real sex that is, real passion: where you abandon all your boringly sensible thoughts, and all that tediously responsible side of yourself, as you give yourself to what you know really matters more, deep in the core of you: frantic sex.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Always try to come back to your senses when in love, because that's the moment you become almost carried away by sensuality and sentiments.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He lashed the belt against my ass again, and I was starting to feel like I was some supernatural being that was more than he was. He was just human, but I felt like something from heaven, an angel from the stars, that had come down to grace him with my presence. How beautiful lust is, when it makes you feel this way. Have you felt this yourself, do you know what I mean?
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|There we were, filled with pure animal need, as he pinned me to the wooden table, and cruelly whipped my naked bottom; the two of us sweaty and panting, me screaming, him grunting, our primal sexual natures overprinting the tea room’s pretence at gentility, and refinement.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Take distinct steps and exploits. Those who are distinct and distinguished always score distinction. Go there, be there and stay there.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He was the kind of man I wanted: wild, hot, horny, and losing control. And it all pointed back to me, about how much I felt in control of him, with the power of my body.I felt so in control of him; it was dizzying, and intoxicating.
Lailah Gifty Akita|P's of life; Passionate life, Persistent life.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|You know, there’s no pleasure like the joy of being a sexual woman. You can take your careers, your money, your houses and possessions, and you go and throw them in a 
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He handed the dust pan and brush over. I knew they wouldn’t be much use in cleaning the floor. I also knew the real reason he had given them to me: so he could look furtively at me, as I bent over.That idea turned me on. I welcomed it, and decided to give him a good look at what he wanted.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He pulled my head back further, and I could hear his ragged breathing as his mouth came close to my ear, sounding so desperate for me. God, I was turned on so much…
Heidi Reagan|...as we mature, we begin to realize that life in the Box remains the same, with few deviations from this norm.
Heidi Reagan|Despite the restrictions, we are safe within (the Box). But – and here is the problem – once we identify something more, that awareness irrevocably changes our perceptions of the Box.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|The thought went through my mind that we should film ourselves in our sexual act, and project our frenzied copulation permanently onto the walls of the tea-room, as a lesson to wake up the boring people who drank tea here, and to show them what life was really all about.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|You know, there’s no pleasure like the joy of being a sexual woman. You can take your careers, your money, your houses and possessions, and you go and throw them in a lake. Because life is really all about sex. That’s what I keep learning, again and again. It’s the most important thing, woven into the very centre of life. And I just know I was put on this earth to be a sexual woman, and to explore as much about sex as I can.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I’d love to be tried out,’ I said, with a suggestive smile. ‘One should always explore something, before one goes in deeper.’I saw a little flicker of fun in his eyes.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I stood in front of him, frustratedly imagining his naked muscular chest, and wanting his hot cock to spear me. My nipples were aroused, feeling as hard and long as coat hooks. They prodded fiercely through the thin blue material at him, like little calling signs of how horny and ready for sex I was. The best advertisement of all: erect nipples!
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He looked at me, and then looked away quickly.But I could tell he was interested.I think my tight t-shirt might have had something to do with it. And the way I was pushing my breasts towards him, with an inviting smile on my face.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I traced a finger along my bottom lip as I wondered what his erection would look like, and how I should seduce him. I thought what kind of approach would work best: whether to go in slow and seductively, or whether I should make him notice me in some hard and fast way.
Agnostic Zetetic|Most days, I’ve got this impermanence thing down just great. It doesn’t bother me; what’s to bother? Most days, I sit comfortably with the knowledge that I’ll die alone, and I feel nothing so strongly as my embrace of my nothingness. Most days don’t really matter, because there is only this day, and right now I feel like fear is all I am. I don’t want you to leave. Just let me pretend you won’t.'He wrapped his arms around me and we slept. For that night, we would last forever.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|When you’re honest, what compares with the gorgeous thrill of sex? What brings you the same sense of wonder, pleasure, and fulfilment? I can’t think of anything as good.
Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic|At the same time, eroticism in the home requires active engagement and willful intent. It is an ongoing resistance to the message that marriage is serious, more work than play; and that passion is for teenagers and the immature. We must unpack our ambivalence about pleasure, and challenge our pervasive discomfort with sexuality, particularly in the context of family. Complaining of sexual boredom is easy and conventional. Nurturing eroticism in the home is an act of open defience.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I love being aroused. I love how that feeling overcomes me, as I look at a man’s erect cock, as I feel his hands ripping my clothes from my body, as the air caresses my naked skin, and how I feel like I’m blossoming like a flower.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|You know, when I see a good-looking man, the first thing I think about is sex. I want to see him naked, and I imagine running my hands impatiently over his hot body.I can’t help it: it’s just how I am.
Mark Zuckerberg|If you just work on stuff that you like and you’re passionate about, you don’t have to have a master plan with how things will play out.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Have a peculiar passion, audacity and boldness that see farther and further into the outer space.
Cody McLain|Follow your dreams, your passions - your obsessions. Persistence will always turn failure into success.
Unarine Ramaru|Follow your purpose with integrity. Live your passion with integrity. If you don't have integrity you live in fear, and as far as I'm concerned living in fear is not enjoying life.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I was hot and horny as hell. Which was typical of me. I’m twenty-five, and I’m healthy, and a healthy girl is always thinking about sex.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He closed the door behind us, and led me through to the back of the shop. ‘If you don’t mind, you can get changed in the stock cupboard,’ he said. ‘We’re not posh enough here to have staff changing rooms, but you’ll soon get used to it.’‘Oh, don’t worry, Chris,’ I said warmly. ‘I’m used to getting my clothes off in unusual places.
David L. King Jr.|We all share three things in common: We are breathing, we have a heart, and most importantly we have twenty four hours to live. With those things, we should not have an excuse as to why the dash between our birth and death dates is so much more smaller than the length in which we walked the Earth. We have the air to live, we have a heart to have passion and care, and we have the time to make the change and better world happen.
Francisco X. Stork, Marcelo in the Real World|If I told you that God speaks to us through our urges so long as these are safe and proper and totally civilized and don't hurt anyone, what would I be saying? If I told you longing is okay as long as it is within the bounds of what our world considers normal, I would be going counter to my whole tradition. My people discovered divine urges, for goodness' sake. Not namby-pamby urges either. It was loincloth-tearing, harlot-marrying, sacrificing, succumbing, and surrendering kinds of urges. Not without bickering and haggling, I'll grant you, but ultimately urges of the worst kind, the kind that demanded everything.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|Still, for all that, her life had lacked passion. The demons had never come for her.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|Excuse me,’ I said cheerily. ‘Is the job still going?’ I pointed to the notice.‘Of course,’ he said, looking back at me with a warm smile. I think he was as hopeful as I was about where this could lead to. ‘We need all the hands we can get.’I looked at the tight swell of his shirt against his chest, and thought, 'Mmm, yes, I can imagine my hands getting your fucking clothes off right now.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|Once I had a wild fling on an otherwise boring weekend holiday in Edinburgh, with a guy I met who turned out to be a psychiatrist. He agreed with me, after hours and hours of our naked cavorting in a hotel, that I was a sex addict; although he did stress he wouldn’t change me for the world. It turned him on that I was so sexual, and we turned a dull weekend in a grey city into something wonderful for the two of us.So, what was the problem?
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Leave no "full stop" in between the sentences that make up your life story. If anything, let "commas" show that when you were brought down by challenges, you rose up with passion and moved on again!
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|People are eager to walk in other people's pair of shoes that does not fit them. The result is that, their dreams begin to imitate a "tortoise" walk and that I guess is already uncomfortable!
Mallanaga Vātsyāyana, Kama Sutra|A person acquainted with the true principles of this science, who preserves his Dharma (virtue or religious merit), his Artha (worldly wealth) and his Kama (pleasure or sensual gratification), and who has regard to the customs of the people, is sure to obtain the mastery over his senses. In short, an intelligent and knowing person attending to Dharma and Artha and also to Kama, without becoming the slave of his passions, will obtain success in everything that he may do.
Kantor|This pursuit of unavailable distant people has oedipal roots.… fearing the consequences, they make certain that they fail at the attempt.”―Distancing, Kantor (p.115)
Trish Kaye Lleone, Finding Anna: A Memoir: The True Story of Child Sexual Abuse|I am passionate about the things that I believe in like equality, free will, justice and love.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Reading is like thinking, like praying, like talking to a friend, like expressing your ideas, like listening to other people's ideas, like listening to music (oh yes), like looking at the view, like taking a walk on the beach.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|A good coach can be a caring parent, a wise teacher, an exemplary pastor, a passionate friend or a devoted mentor. Keep in touch with all of them especially at the time they are needed.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|The evidence of Martin Luther King Jnr’s “I have a dream” declaration was a passionate confirmation of how a dream meant for liberation, success and fulfilled life can become true.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Before he could say anything, "I told him; I have had my share of boys".He drew me closer and said "let me your man then".
Loren Mathis, Swift Strike|Since Rose, he’d never wanted to be the right guy for anyone. He hadn’t wanted to carry that extra burden. He liked things nice and simple. But things sure as hell weren’t simple with Lena. They’d never been simple with Lena. Things with Lena had been one hundred shades of unadulterated complication from day one. That fact alone should have sent him running in the opposite direction with all the speed of an Olympic gold medalist. But no, here he stood. Holding on to her as if his life depended on it. Heaven help him, his life probably did depend on it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|The binding factor between knowing something and doing it is "passion". When your passion is concentrated in what you know, your work output will bind well.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Do what you choose to do with all your heart, head and hands! Your attitude determines how passionate you do what you chose to do.
Claire Dyer, The Perfect Affair|After all, she knows how painful it can be not to follow your heart and she knows about the obstacles and about loyalty and duty and about the countless kinds of love. If only Eve and Myles were freer to make the right choices, she thinks.
Meeta Ahluwalia|Those who tried to fill the void with passion, were engulfed by it’s flames.
Bruce Crown, Chronic Passions|A perfect example, in matters of life and death, of love and passion, of choice or destiny; options decrease to a singular course.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Writing is my passion, expression and an incessant obsession.
Jacob Nordby|You can’t know this right now, but…your ragged, rugged honesty…your crazy, passionate, naked vulnerability…your trusting plunge into the unknown of Life at every turn…your journey of love and healing…these change your world, the world of those around you and the world as a whole.Someday you’ll know how important you are.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Its funny when people recently change their attitude to gain entrance into your heart, which may only ignite your passion to close the door.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream about you. Again. In fact I've had so many dreams about you that I can almost feel your skin under my fingertips and your breath every time we kiss. This time when you pulled me closer, even though I couldn’t see you, I knew it was you. I've heard your footsteps, and recognized them instantly. I’d recognize them anywhere, among many others. The way I yearn for you, you are always expected. And now I expect you to do just that. Kiss me. This time I am asking for it, because I need to make sure I am awake.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Brightly burning passion is the releasing of your essence, your specialness and your gifts to the world.
Heidi Reagan|Sometimes we have one chance, to ride that wave, one opportunity to jump on, take a deep breath and feel the rush of adrenaline. . . don't miss your chance.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|One passionate heart can brighten the world. From person to person the chain reaction burns through us — setting heart to heart ablaze, and lighting the way for us all!
Michael Bassey Johnson|When a woman is romantically subdued, all she does at that moment is under the influence of her desires.
Pooja Ruprell|Live each day like you are celebrating your birthday—that is what life wants for you. Engage with family and friends. Indulge in good food, music and dance. You are precious to life.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Having a purpose is one thing, but the quickening is a total animation of passion.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Bodily passion, which has been so unjustly decried, compels its victims to display every vestige that is in them of unselfishness and generosity, and so effectively that they shine resplendent in the eyes of all beholders.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|You should find what sets you on fire, what you are passionate about, and then you should do that. No matter the risk.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|As yet hath his knowledge not learned to smile, and to be without jealously ; as yet hath his gushing passion not become calm in beauty.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Life wants you to live in total alignment with true love, passion and integrity.
Susan Catalano|The kiss grew into so much more than anything that had come before, unfettered by a time that strived to contain passion, born from perceived loss and glorious gain.
Heidi Reagan|When we connect with our personal authenticity and truth, the vitality that is triggered becomes an eternal spring of regenerative passion that continues to expand our experience.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|It is essential that you follow your own idea of passion, even if to others it looks like suffering.
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|Your life is enriched with meaning when allow yourself to become inspired, set goals, and charge after them with passion.
Pooja Ruprell|Let your faith in the Universe deepen, purify and strengthen most on your troublesome, dark days. If you close your eyes in prayer, surrendering every problem and desire, you will find a way out without fail.
Pooja Ruprell|From today, may you cease to exist except as an expression of the divine intention of your Creator. May you tune in to the celestial melody of love, compassion and courage each and every moment of the day. May all the relationships in your life represent the perfect opportunities to fulfill your true calling.
Pooja Ruprell|Faith determines your destiny, not your reality.
Pooja Ruprell|When we make appreciation the central theme of our value system, then all the painful elements of our past become meaningful lessons we could not have done without. Acceptance becomes natural when we become adept at finding the silver lining, even in the most challenging circumstances.
Antonin Artaud, The Theater and Its Double|If there is still one hellish, truly accursed thing in our time, it is our artistic dallying with forms, instead of being like victims burnt at the stake, signaling through the flames.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|In the search for truth,what you believe matters lessthan how you believe.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|The passion for war is so intense that there is no undertaking so mad, or so injurious to the welfare of the State, that a man does not consider himself honored in defending it, at the risk of his life.
Pooja Ruprell|Be the light. Be the love. Not to one or two selectively, but to each person who crosses your path today and every day.
Pooja Ruprell|Look for excuses to celebrate others, and life will find a way to celebrate you.Make your life a prayer and be the light that touches lives far, wide and beyond.
Pooja Ruprell|You are beautiful, brilliant, perceptive and pure beyond compare. Your folly lies in being unaware of your inner power and living a mediocre existence.
Pooja Ruprell|Truly worthy are those who become brighter as the days get cloudier so that their light shines through, regardless of how hard the clouds are working to block their radiance.
Pooja Ruprell|Where there is a blanket of hate, uplift it with the strong arms of love. If there is pain, heal it with your kind words and gentle touch. In the face of anger, stay so calm and unfazed that anger leaves the room.
Pooja Ruprell|Cherish every person and all opportunities. Have no fears, no doubts and no regrets. Focus on what you can give, not on what you can get.
Pooja Ruprell|Practice unfettered living from the heart, abandoning all self-imposed limitations to emerge a new, creativity unleashed, giving of yourself like never before.
Pooja Ruprell|Delivering everyday greatness, or not, is up to you.
Pooja Ruprell|Being a messenger of love is all about caring for every person in your orbit unconditionally and ceaselessly. The harder the other person makes it for you, the more love you need to send their way.
Pooja Ruprell|The instant you take the lead in the tug-of-war with your ego, enlightenment becomes your state of being.
Pooja Ruprell|Prayer is a connection from your heart with a force that is powerful beyond measure, loves unconditionally and impartially, and embraces you whenever you turn to it.
Pooja Ruprell|Within you exists the same power that rests with the Universe, for you are not separate from the source you pray to.
Pooja Ruprell|Do not turn to prayer only in times of grief, suffering and rage. Make prayer a habit whether you are blissful or sorrowful, serene or upset, clear or confused.
Pooja Ruprell|A clear prayer for which you take sole responsibility has no option but to manifest, if not today or tomorrow, then the day after that.
Pooja Ruprell|When in prayer, there is no need to implore, beg or repeat. You have been heard, and your wishes will be granted perfectly at the right time. Relax, be patient and do not fret.
Pooja Ruprell|You have been called. Know that. Understand that. Imprint it deep in your heart and set out on your mission in whatever way you can, here and now! The world is waiting for you.
Pooja Ruprell|If today is the last day of your life, the one thing you want to say is that you showed up for life. You showed up for your dreams. You showed up for the people who mattered to you. And above all, you showed up for yourself.
Rusty Blackwood, Passions In Paris: Revelations Of A Lost Diary|Love, is there even a true description other than knowing your heart will cease to beat without that certain someone in your life?-Rusty Blackwood
Pooja Ruprell|Be thankful for all you gain. Be thankful for what you lose, too. Find a reason each day to celebrate your life.
Pooja Ruprell|Our eternal existence depends not on how much we have, or the network and power structure we have attained, and definitely not on our title or accomplishments at work. It depends on how much courage we exhibit in difficult times, the number of people we bring a smile to, and our sincerity at work, home and in society.
Sandra Cisneros|We're going to right the world and live. I mean live our lives the way lives were meant to be lived. With the throat and wrists. With rage and desire, and joy and grief, and love till it hurts, maybe. But goddamn, girl. Live.
John le Carré, The Constant Gardener|He sees passion in her gray eyes, and it scares him as all passion scares him, his own included.
Willa Cather, The Song of the Lark|Her secret? It is every artist's secret--passion. That is all. It is an open secret, and perfectly safe. Like heroism, it is inimitable in cheap materials.
Mark Denman|When the world asks "what was it like?" Only the photographer can say "See!
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Lost World|The bent head, the averted eye, the faltering voice, the wincing figure- these, and not the unshrinking gaze and frank reply, are the true signals of passion.
Ellen J. Barrier, The Price We Must Pay for Our Father's Sins|Within the nature of every person is a desire to feel appreciated, to feel needed, and to be loved.
Richard J. Borden, Ecology and Experience: Reflections from a Human Ecological Perspective|My passion for human ecology was not a drive for closure—but rather the joy of endless openings and newfound connections. There is no final goal or perfect completion, only the expanding experience of being alive.
Allie Burke, Paper Souls|Now, Emily didn't make a sound. There was something more defining about the soundless reality that condemned the paradigm of passion.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Attraction is so much more than a pretty face. It’s face is passion, attitude, kindness, & faith.
Sameh Elsayed|For those who were born lovers, falling in love is not neither an option nor a decision. it is a matter of existence.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|I don't know why we take our worst moods so much more seriously than our best, crediting depression with more clarity than euphoria. We dismiss peak moments and passionate love affairs as an ephemeral chemical buzz, just endorphins or hormones, but accept those 3 a.m. bouts of despair as unsentimental insights into the truth about our lives.
Pooja Ruprell|Be open to surrendering all preconceived notions, well-thought-out plans and annual to-do lists.
Marlena de Blasi, A Thousand Days in Venice|We violate the innocence of things in the name of rationality so we can wander about, uninterrupted, in our search for passion and sentiment.
Sameh Elsayed|For those who were born lovers, falling in love is neither an option nor a decision. it is a matter of existence.
Pooja Ruprell|Success is for those who are persistent in the face of reality. The harsher the truth, the stronger they hold on to their dreams.
Pooja Ruprell|Prayer elevates and transforms you. Nourish your soul using this powerful communication tool every day, and you will never be the same again.
Pooja Ruprell|Life is beautiful. Like a beautiful blue wave, it ebbs and flows, sometimes gushing forth and sometimes receding quietly.
Sameh Elsayed|When you pray to God asking for something, make sure you are asking for the things that are driven by love and passion rather than the ones that are pushed by hate and anger.
Pooja Ruprell|Gratitude heals, cleanses and purifies.
Pooja Ruprell|You are enough exactly as you are, whether you believe it or not.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|Don't be discouraged if people don't see your vision, your harvest. All they see from their perspective is that you're watering a whole lot of dirt. They don't SEE what seeds you've been planting with blood, sweat, tears and lack of sleep. Make sure you don't abandon or neglect it because "they" don't see it. You have to KNOW and believe for yourself. They don't see the roots and what's budding under the dirt. But it's okay, because it's NOT meant for them to see it. While you wait, MASTER it. You continue to do YOUR work and have unwavering faith! Remember why you started planting in the first place. Your harvest WILL come!
Frank Miller, Sin City, Vol. 3: The Big Fat Kill|The fire, baby. It'll burn us both. There's no place in this world for our kind of fire. My warrior woman. My valkyrie. You'll always be mine. Always. And never.
Genevieve Dewey, The Good Life|I want to be with you, Demetria. Go on dates, have sex and pointless arguments, figure out why you like to eat rabbit food, be the person you call first when you’ve had a bad day, come over and hold your hair when you’re sick. How much clearer can I make this?
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War|I think the two things most opposed to good counsel are haste and passion; haste usaully goes hand in hand with folly, passion with coarseness and narrowness of mind.
Lisa Kleypas, Again the Magic|Sturm und Drang?”“Ah…I see that I’ll have to introduce you to the finer points of German literature. It means passionate turmoil—literally translated, ‘storm and stress.’ 
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|Beautiful feelings soar freely, while true care roots deeply. Real love can only bedefined by them both.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Your intelligence enhances your ability to think and recollect, dream and set realistic goals. Your stamina is built on your passion for progress and willingness to excel... When you have a great stamina, you can make great impact even with a low intelligent quotient!
D.A. Rhine, Vampires of the Chesapeake: Rees Morgan|When her gaze landed upon his lips, he scooted closer and brushed his mouth over hers. Fire ignited low in his belly and desire coursed through his veins. No doubt, his John Thomas was doing all the thinking; he knew he should listen to the head between his shoulders, the one telling him this was a mistake, but the one between his legs was more insistent.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|If you want the light, like you say you do, then why do you keep it strangled in thedark? If you preach love, like you strive to, why do you run away from practising?My love,the universe you fumble for doesn’t exist, if you don’t start from within. Before you,all that I can be is eyes and heart. And all that I can do is to remain by your side,for I can’t love you any less than the more I do now.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|At times, love is silent because of too much hurt or too much care. At all times,love is the strongest voice you can always rely on.
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|When you imagine and clearly articulate your goals in writing, you access the creative energy of your right brain. Imagination and creativity allow you to find solutions to problems that were not previously available to you and give your left brain an opportunity to be receptive to new ideas.
Soar|Although steady and slow are the trail to love, there is no path to see through without the engine of passionate and true. (Soar)
Pooja Ruprell|Where love is absent, violence is a glaring possibility. Introduce love into any situation and violence gradually evaporates.
Balroop Singh|When you start living under the shadow of somebody, you lose your own personality and your own passions.
Pooja Ruprell|Whatever you do, listen for your inner voice. Do not ignore it.
Pooja Ruprell|Somewhere there is a drummer calling to you too, and playing your special beat.
Nikki Sex, Fate|Fear, anxiety, arousal, and pain; all are emotions and sensations. They are neither right, nor are they wrong; good nor bad. They are simply passions, a most important part of life. Feel them, fully experience them, surrender to them, and learn to accept them. As a submissive, you must let go. André Chevalier
Shannon L. Alder|When you settle for anything short of the best life God wants to offer you, then you have been tempted to remain safe and the accountability for not changing your life becomes your prison of regret.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Let us be greedy together; let us hoard. Let us hit each other with birch branches and lock each other in dungeons; let us drink each other's blood in the night and betray each other in the sun. Let us lie and lust and take hundreds of lovers; let us dance until snow melts between us. Let us steal and eat until we grow fat and roll in the pleasures of life, clutching each other for purchase.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Never chase a person, because if they want to be in your life, they will. It amazes me how people go out their way for someone who does nothing for them, doesn't encourage or support their efforts. Stop seeking attention from people who don't give you the time of day. Value your time, comfort your spirit, have peace of mind. There are people who love you and care about you.Give your smiles to them, Reciprocate!
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Outside of my professional life, I have known many couples over the years who had passion and electricity between them and who treated each other well. But unfortunately there is wide acceptance in our society of the unhealthy notion that passion and aggression are interwoven and that cruel verbal exchanges and bomblike explosions are the price you pay for a relationship that is exciting, deep, and sexy. Popular romantic movies and soap operas sometimes reinforce this image.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Love is an admiration that comes with patience. Lust is an admiration that comes with impatience. In all, admiration is common but patience is not!
Roman Payne|The season was waning fastOur nights were growing cold at lastI took her to bed with silk and song,'Lay still, my love, I won’t be long...I must prepare my body for passion.''O, your body you give, but all else you ration.''It is because of these dreams of a sylvan scene...A bleeding nymph to leave me serene...I have dreams of a trembling wench.''You have dreams,' she said, 'that cannot be quenched.''Our passion,' said I, 'should never be feared...As our longing for love can never be cured...Our want is our way and our way is our will...We have the love, my love, that no one can kill.''If night is your love, then in dreams you’ll fulfill...This love, our love, that no one can kill.'Yet want is my way, and my way is my will,Thus I killed my love with a sleeping pill.
Li-Young Lee, The City in Which I Love You|but in the cityin which I love you,no one comes, no onemeets me in the brick clefts;in the wedged dark,no finger touches me secretly, no mouthtastes my flawless salt,no one wakens the honey in the cells, finds the hummingin the ribs, the rich business in the recesses;hulls clogged, I continue laden
H. Rider Haggard, Allan Quatermain|Passion is like the lightening, it is beautiful and it links the earth to heaven, but it blinds.
Marty McConnell|leaving is not enough; you muststay gone. train your heart like a dog. change the lockseven on the house he’s nevervisited. you lucky, lucky girl. you have an apartment just your size. a bathtubfull of tea. a heart the size of Arizona, but not nearlyso arid. don’t wish away your cracked past, your crooked toes, your problemsare papier mache puppetsyou made or bought because the vendorat the market was so compelling you justhad to have them. you had to have him.and you did. and now you pull down the bridge between your houses,you make him call before he visits, you take a loverfor granted, you take a lover who looks at youlike maybe you are magic. makethe first bottle you consumein this place a relic. place it on whatever altar you fashionwith a knife and five cranberries.don’t lose too much weight.stupid girls are always trying to disappear as revenge. and you are not stupid. you loved a manwith more hands than a parade of beggars, and here you stand. heartlike a four-poster bed. heart like a canvas. heart leaking something so strong they can smell it in the street.
Janet Autherine, Growing into Greatness with God: 7 Paths to Greatness for our Sons and Daughters|Greatness is finding your natural talent, fueling it with passion, planting it in well-nourished soil, and toiling in the garden until it breaks through the earth and reaches for the stars.
Charlotte Beers, I'd Rather Be in Charge: A Legendary Business Leader's Roadmap for Achieving Pride, Power, and Joy at Work|Perfection, in the form of a flawless stream of words delivered with cool composure, is never as persuasive as realness. An impassioned but imperfect speech, which shows you care too much to hide flaws, is far more compelling.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Good self-esteem comes from positive self-imaging. Positive self-image make you to resist wrong definitions others give about you, guiding you to live life with enthusiasm and will!
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Right then, in a nutshell: this one hasn't a single bone of obedient-little-wife material in her heavenly body.''Hasn't she? Then what kind of bone does your expertise detect?'Fermin came closer, adopting a confidential tone. 'The passionate kind,' he said, raising his eyebrows with an air of mystery. 'And you can be sure I mean that as a compliment.
Mark W. Boyer|A heart given freely is the most vulnerable and selfless thing one can offer another human being. It can be as fragile and needy as a newly born infant, or as solid and self-supporting as a granite pillar, yet it is the hands of the recipient that determines its ultimate fate.
Harshada Pathare|Love blinds me so deep and dark, I see the world full of innocence, thoughts filled with affection, time brimming with hope and future flowing with my dreams.
Kate White, Eyes on You|At forty-one, he was still the quintessential bad boy—charming, at ease in his skin, and great-looking, with deep blue eyes, slicked-back brown hair, and the kind of full, sensuous mouth that bad boys seemed to have an unfair market on.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Great men don't strive for greatness, theysimply do great works.
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|When you dream, do not worry about how you must orchestrate events to ensure your success. Focus instead on why your dream is important to you. When you define your dream with razor-sharp clarity and articulate why you want to pursue it, answers about how to do it will begin to become clear.
Charles Wheelan, 10 1/2 Things No Commencement Speaker Has Ever Said|Obituaries are just like biographies, only shorter. They remind us that interesting, successful people rarely lead orderly, linear lives. I defy you to find a single obituary that begins, "Jane Doe won the Nobel Prize in large part because she was admitted to a prestigious, highly selective preschool. After that, everything just kind of fell into place." Instead, you will read about dead ends, lucky coincidences, quirky habits, excessive self-confidence (often interspersed with bursts of excessive self-doubt), and a lot of passion for something.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Preparation is essential to achieving your goals in life. You don't want to miss a great opportunity because you were not prepared. Determination and motivation will put you on the right track. You've got the passion, that driving desire to be successful. But, you must take certain steps to put you in a position to be readily available for the reward.
Shannon L. Alder|If you don't make a conscious effort to visualize, who you are and what you want to become in life, then you empower other people and circumstances to shape your journey by default. Your silence makes you reactive vs. proactive. God will bring people in your life that can take you on many different journeys that will bring about different outcomes to your life mission. However, if you are not proactive and define your dreams you will never know where “you” need to be and who needs to be with you to fulfill what God is asking you to do. Your life is your own. You must define your dreams, not live someone else’s vision of a good life. What is it that God is asking you to do with the talents and hobbies you enjoy? What were you blessed with a desire for? A good life is one spent in the service of helping others. Find a life partner that will help you reach God’s highest potential—service to humanity, service to his Kingdom, service to building others up. Also, begin any choice with the end in mind. This means to begin each day with a clear vision of your desired direction. It is not enough to live a passive life of religious devotion. God asked you to do more than worship. He has called you to serve, not to be a servant to other people’s dreams. You and only you know where your heart must travel. God brings you storms in life to wake you up. Don’t see it as his disappointment, but as his parental love for you. Life was not meant to stay the same. If someone truly loves you they will never take you away from God’s plan, they will only magnify it.
Stasi Eldredge, Becoming Myself: Embracing God's Dream of You|Fear is a wet blanket that smothers the fiery passion God deposited in your heart when he formed you. Fear freezes us into inaction. Frozen ideas, frozen souls, frozen bodies can't move, can't dream, can't risk, can't love, and can't live. Fear chains us.
Kristen Callihan, Firelight|The whole of my life I have relied on my beauty first, brains second. It was expected, even requested. But You saw right through me from the start. You are the only man I've ever known who has looked beyond my face and wanted to know me for me. And I find myself wanting you to know the whole me.
Sophie Scholl|It’s the reductionist approach to life: if you keep it small, you’ll keep it under control. If you don’t make any noise, the bogeyman won’t find you. But it’s all an illusion, because they die too, those people who roll up their spirits into tiny little balls so as to be safe. Safe?! From what? Life is always on the edge of death; narrow streets lead to the same place as wide avenues, and a little candle burns itself out just like a flaming torch does. I choose my own way to burn.
Denis Diderot|Only passions, great passions, can elevate the soul to great things.
Erwin Raphael McManus, Chasing Daylight: Seize the Power of Every Moment|When we are passionate about God, we can trust our passions.
Lynsay Sands, Love Is Blind|Because he is good and kind,” she explained softly, then went on. “Because he treats me like a princess. Because he makes me laugh. Because he makes me happy. Because he took the trouble to read to me when I could not read to myself. Because he fed me and gave me wine when I could not eat or drink at balls. Because when he kisses me my toes curl, and when he makes love to me I cannot contain my passion.
Alex Rosa, Emotionally Compromised|Every time his lips meet mine, my whole body begins a slow tingle that starts from within in my chest, and spreads like a wildfire.
Daniela Sacerdoti, Take Me Home|Beside her I felt grey, like she had all the colours I'd ever need.
Gena Showalter, Wicked Nights|But you will trust me again, Annabelle. You will want me again, and we will be together. I will behave. You'll see. - Zacharel
Kristen Callihan, Firelight|You know, it's never wise to tempt the devil"His gaze lowered to her hand, still locked in his grip, her finger glistening with pear juice.His rich voice lowered to raw huskiness "had I not this mask, I should be of a mind to suck that juice right off your fingers
Kristen Callihan, Firelight|There were lies, and there were lies. Was a secret a lie? If one wanted to protect another?
Diego Rivera, My Art, My Life|Looking back upon my work today, I think the best I have done grew out of things deeply felt, the worst from a pride in mere talent.
Kristen Callihan, Firelight|He couldn't remember the last time human hands had willingly touched him. Not true. Miranda had. She had touched him as if he were just a man.  He had lived on those moments ever since, pulled them to the fore when loneliness threatened to suck him down and drown him
Vinod Pande|Was it a moment of indecision or was it a moment of redemption. Redemption long overdue and long unacknowledged? They didn’t know. He suddenly went at her mouth and she claimed it as if it was never supposed to be elsewhere. It was stormy. It was fierce. His manhood shafted through his loose night pajamas challenging her even beyond the thickness of her bath robe, which was cast aside in one unsparing sweep of his hand, revealing the quavering ripeness of her fulsome breasts. After a moment of awe, he went at them with unquenched ferocity.First he devoured her there itself, against the wall, on the carpet. Within moments their frenzied hands tore away each other’s underpants with unapologetic fury and then in one smooth motion of a dancer’s lucidity, he lifted her and like a great performer of an opera, placed her on the bed. The inviting altar of desire and passion and longing. Now as they claimed each other, there was unhurried fluidity in their motion. Tears of pain and love in their eyes. Ecstasy of carnal compatibility in their fusion. Symphony of sensuality in their strokes and when he finally exploded inside her, she had gone aflame with matching uncontrollability. It was a heavenly union which in one go had robbed them of their beings, their earth, their universe, their past, their present, their future. In one instant, they had undone what was done and had done what was ‘not done’.
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|How can I use what most excites, angers, or upsets me to achieve what I most want to be, do, or experience?
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Success has no other shortcuts apart from the ones that tell you; control thoughts, delete negativity, alternate actions and shift attitudes to become positive! Click on passion, it opens a new window for you to sign in on time!
Faye Hall|If I could, I would take you with me," he said, his voice barely more than a whisper.She tried to pull away from him. "You would not. You would grow tired of me in a few weeks."He shook his head, pulling her tight against him. "No...I could never grow tired of you.""How can you be so sure?" she asked.He brushed tendrils of hair from her face. "I have craved to know you for years...even just to hear you speak my name...a single touch of your hand on mine..."He kissed her softly, his lips tasting hers. "I want you to be mine...I want you always."- 'unknown script' 2012
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Live in the present moment, you can't go back to yesterday, you can't leap into tomorrow, Today is your second, minute, hour! Embrace It!
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Material things may satisfy your temporal desires, but none can be taken with you when you're gone. Build your hopes on things eternal !
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|How can I use what most excites me to achieve what I most want to be, do, or experience?
Alex Rosa, Emotionally Compromised|Every time his lips meet mine, my whole body begins a slow tingle that starts from within my chest, and spreads like a wildfire.
Hub, Okko: The Cycle of Fire|Sadly, there are many forces more powerful and devestating than love... Among them for example, the anger and jealousy of a spurned husband or lover. Fire begets passions, but it also burns.
Seema Gupta|I loved him beyond madness being one soul one vein one body , which he never deserved
Shannon L. Alder|Not long ago, I learned that if I let other people tell me how God was supposed to work in my life I would be dead. If I would have given into someone else’s version of God then I would have done nothing to improve my situation. The notion that “if it was meant to be, it will be”, is a pacifying, yet harmful quote, that many spiritualists use to soften the blow of anger. God is not passive. He is relentless, and he will build you through fire. He will put in your heart a need for answers. The intensity of what bothers your soul is often his voice trying to take you from the limited vision of mankind to the full view of the best life he would like to offer you. He is above any pastor, any bishop, any prophet, any church, any cleverly crafted sermon or multi-meaning verse. He is the master of his craft and the author of your forever. Inner peace is only found through action. Fear may darken the trail, but the light of peace stands at the end of such a journey ----waiting with truth.
Dermot Davis, Stormy Weather|What is a life lived without passion? he asked himself. And what is passion, but a yearning of the soul for recognition and self-expression? The beauty within seeks beauty without.
Seema Gupta|For your love I have uprooted all my desires, I am no more demanding...
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|To perform you need practice, to practice you need passion.
L.J. Smith|All I know is that right now I wanna rip your clothes off right here in the middle of this hall and throw you in one of these classrooms and kiss every square inch of your body, while a bunch of people who drive minivans listen wishing they were us.
Radhanath Swami, The Journey Home: Autobiography of an American Swami|Sex could be a gift of God, but when it becomes an obsession, it plunders all intelligence and people are driven to abominable acts to satisfy their lust. When passion is frustrated, people lose all good sense.
Jess C. Scott, Soulmates|Hate was the other side of love, wasn’t it? That’s what passion was like with her—to the highest of highs and the lowest of lows. We traveled to heaven and hell together. Earth wasn’t in the picture, and that was a problem.
Seema Gupta|For me love is when I don't limit you, I put you on the rainbows......beyond eternity of time and destiny 
Seema Gupta|If You Love me..--Your love drove metowards the live volcanowhere i will be burnt and destroyedOn your fake promises I made castles on air Oh! ! ! I was throwingsome pearls in desertwhere oasis has value Pearls have no value just remember I am an oceanyou are only a boat for a boat to explore oceanlove need to be daring, desperate If You love mePlant a seed of truthmake me part of your missingJust If you Love me.........
Seema Gupta|He left me millions of time, but I am holding him with every breath with same madness
Seema Gupta|Desire For Thee"My desire to love theeis just like a tree, must have one rootbut several branches of fruitI want to make you feel as if you are horizon i steal you are as free as wind where my love flows in swingi see thee in glaze shadow around a graceful presence on passion groundthat is "THEE" you spark everywhereEverywhere am far and near.
Jess C. Scott, Bedmates|All I wanted was to share myself with him...in a love way, lust way, every kind of way.
Seema Gupta|Love is when Looking at a glance at youI found laughter in my eyes, Thoughts turns into jewels Where luster of your aura dwells
Nora Roberts, Sea Swept|She pressed her mouth to his throat, his shoulder, would have absorbed him into her skin if she'd known a way.
Jürgen Moltmann, The Trinity and the Kingdom|God does not suffer out of deficiency of being, like created beings. To this extent he is 'apathetic'. But he suffers from the love which is the superabundance and overflowing of his being. In so far he is 'pathetic'.
Ivan Goncharov, Oblomov|The moments of nature's universal, triumphant silence had come, those minutes when the creative mind works harder, poetic thoughts seethe more ardently, the heart's passion blazes more brightly and its longing aches more painfully, the grain of criminal thought ripens in a cruel soul more imperturbably and powerfully.
Chuck Palahniuk, Diary|We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
Albert Einstein|Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Philip K. Dick, I Hope I Shall Arrive Soon|Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
Rachel Carson|The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|To really be a nerd, she'd decided, you had to prefer fictional worlds to the real one.
Neil Gaiman|You don't get explanations in real life. You just get moments that are absolutely, utterly, inexplicably odd.
Friedrich Nietzsche|To predict the behavior of ordinary people in advance, you only have to assume that they will always try to escape a disagreeable situation with the smallest possible expenditure of intelligence.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|If you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it’s not because they enjoy solitude. It’s because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|We were promised sufferings. They were part of the program. We were even told, 'Blessed are they that mourn,' and I accept it. I've got nothing that I hadn't bargained for. Of course it is different when the thing happens to oneself, not to others, and in reality, not imagination.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Farewells can be shattering, but returns are surely worse. Solid flesh can never live up to the bright shadow cast by its absence. Time and distance blur the edges; then suddenly the beloved has arrived, and it's noon with its merciless light, and every spot and pore and wrinkle and bristle stands clear.
Marya Hornbacher, Madness: A Bipolar Life|When you are mad, mad like this, you don't know it. Reality is what you see. When what you see shifts, departing from anyone else's reality, it's still reality to you.
Jess C. Scott, The Other Side of Life|That’s sad. How plastic and artificial life has become. It gets harder and harder to find something…real.” Nin interlocked his fingers, and stretched out his arms. “Real love, real friends, real body parts…
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Outside, the ocean was crashing, waves hitting sand, then pulling back to sea. I thought of everything being washed away, again and again. We make such messes in this life, both accidentally and on purpose. But wiping the surface clean doesn't really make anything neater. It just masks what is below. It's only when you really dig down deep, go underground, that you can see who you really are.
Jorge Luis Borges|Reality is not always probable, or likely.
Simone Weil|Imaginary evil is romantic and varied; real evil is gloomy, monotonous, barren, boring. Imaginary good is boring; real good is always new, marvelous, intoxicating.
John Gardner|Self pity is easily the most destructive of the non-pharmaceutical narcotics; it is addictive, gives momentary pleasure and separates the victim from reality.
Darren Shan, A Living Nightmare|The thing about real life is, when you do something stupid, it normally costs you. In books the heroes can make as many mistakes as they like. It doesn't matter what they do, because everything works out in the end. They'll beat the bad guys and put things right and everything ends up cool.In real life, vacuum cleaners kill spiders. If you cross a busy road without looking, you get whacked by a car. If you fall from a tree, you break some bones. Real life's nasty. It's cruel. It doesn't care about heroes and happy endings and the way things should be. In real life, bad things happen. People die. Fights are lost. Evil often wins.  I just wanted to make that clear before I begun.
Mitch Glazer|There either is or is not, that’s the way things are. The colour of the day. The way it felt to be a child. The saltwater on your sunburnt legs. Sometimes the water is yellow, sometimes it’s red. But what colour it may be in memory, depends on the day. I’m not going to tell you the story the way it happened. I’m going to tell it the way I remember it.— Great Expectations (1998) directed by Alfonso Cuarón
Maya Angelou, Poems|If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform a million realities.
Frida Kahlo|I wish I could do whatever I liked behind the curtain of “madness”. Then: I’d arrange flowers, all day long, I’d paint; pain, love and tenderness, I would laugh as much as I feel like at the stupidity of others, and they would all say: “Poor thing, she’s crazy!” (Above all I would laugh at my own stupidity.) I would build my world which while I lived, would be in agreement with all the worlds. The day, or the hour, or the minute that I lived would be mine and everyone else’s - my madness would not be an escape from “reality”.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|...reality, however utopian, is something from which people feel the need of taking pretty frequent holidays....
Adam Young|Reality is a lovely place, but I wouldn't want to live there.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|It's just that you're about to do something out of the ordinary. And after you do something like that, the everyday look of things might seem to change a little. Things may look different to you than they did before. But don't let appearances fool you. There's always only one reality.
Scott Westerfeld, Pretties|With everything so perfect, reality seemed somehow fragile, as if the slightest interruption could imperil her pretty future... all of it felt as tenuous as a soap bubble, shivering and empty.
Ellen Hopkins, Crank|We used to do coke, till "Just Say No" put the stuff out of reach. Now it's crank. Meth. The monster. It's a bitch on the body, but damn do you fly.
David Lovelace, Scattershot: My Bipolar Family|Compared to bipolar's magic, reality seems a raw deal. It's not just the boredom that makes recovery so difficult, it's the slow dawning pain that comes with sanity - the realization of illnesss, the humiliating scenes, the blown money and friendships and confidence. Depression seems almost inevitable. The pendulum swings back from transcendence in shards, a bloody, dangerous mess. Crazy high is better than crazy low. So we gamble, dump the pills, and stick it to the control freaks and doctors. They don't understand, we say. They just don't get it. They'll never be artists.
Alan Moore|Look at him now, poor fellow. That's what a dose of reality does for you...Never touch the stuff myself, you understand. Find it gets in the way of the hallucinations.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|A lover finds his mistress asleep on a mossy bank; he wishes to catch a glimpse of her fair face without waking her. He steals softly over the grass, careful to make no sound; he pauses -- fancying she has stirred: he withdraws: not for worlds would he be seen. All is still: he again advances: he bends above her; a light veil rests on her features: he lifts it, bends lower; now his eyes anticipate the vision of beauty -- warm, and blooming, and lovely, in rest. How hurried was their first glance! But how they fix! How he starts! How he suddenly and vehemently clasps in both arms the form he dared not, a moment since, touch with his finger! How he calls aloud a name, and drops his burden, and gazes on it wildly! He thus grasps and cries, and gazes, because he no longer fears to waken by any sound he can utter -- by any movement he can make. He thought his love slept sweetly: he finds she is stone dead.I looked with timorous joy towards a stately house: I saw a blackened ruin.
Tara Kelly, Harmonic Feedback|Normal is an ideal. But it’s not reality. Reality is brutal, it’s beautiful, it’s every shade between black and white, and it’s magical. Yes, magical. Because every now and then, it turns nothing into something.
Rabih Alameddine, The Hakawati|...What happens is of little significance compared with the stories we tell ourselves about what happens. Events matter little, only stories of events affect us.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Regain your senses, call yourself back, and once again wake up. Now that you realize that only dreams were troubling you, view this 'reality' as you view your dreams.
George Orwell, 1984|Reality exists in the human mind, and nowhere else. Not in the individual mind, which can make mistakes, and in any case soon perishes: only in the mind of the Party, which is collective and immortal.
Alan Moore, Watchmen|Nothing ends, Adrian. Nothing ever ends.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|He thought each memory recalled must do some violence to its origins. As in a party game. Say the words and pass it on. So be sparing. What you alter in the remembering has yet a reality, known or not.
Eugene O'Neill, Long Day's Journey Into Night|The fog was where I wanted to be. Halfway down the path you can’t see this house. You’d never know it was here. Or any of the other places down the avenue. I couldn’t see but a few feet ahead. I didn’t meet a soul. Everything looked and sounded unreal. Nothing was what it is. That’s what I wanted—to be alone with myself in another world where truth is untrue and life can hide from itself. Out beyond the harbor, where the road runs along the beach, I even lost the feeling of being on land. The fog and the sea seemed part of each other. It was like walking on the bottom of the sea. As if I had drowned long ago. As if I was the ghost belonging to the fog, and the fog was the ghost of the sea. It felt damned peaceful to be nothing more than a ghost within a ghost.
Michel Houellebecq, The Elementary Particles|The world outside had its own rules, and those rules were not human.
Kresley Cole, Kiss of a Demon King|Illusion is Reality's coy lover who cheers him when he is grim. Illusion is cunning to his wisdom of ages, weet oblivion to his knowledge. A bounty to his lack. [Sabine]
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|Are we all living like this? Two lives, the ideal outer life and the inner imaginative life where we keep our secrets?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If you want to find the real competition, just look in the mirror. After awhile you'll see your rivals scrambling for second place.
Charles Baxter, The Feast of Love|In truth, there are only two realities: the one for people who are in love or love each other, and the one for people who are standing outside all that.
Margery Williams Bianco, The Velveteen Rabbit|When a child loves you for a long, long time, not just to play with, but REALLY loves you, then you become Real.
Nisargadatta Maharaj, I Am That: Talks with Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj|Your expectation of something unique and dramatic, of some wonderful explosion, is merely hindering and delaying your Self Realization. You are not to expect an explosion, for the explosion has already happened - at the moment when you were born, when you realized yourself as Being-Knowing-Feeling. There is only one mistake you are making: you take the inner for the outer and the outer for the inner. What is in you, you take to be outside you and what is outside, you take to be in you. The mind and feelings are external, but you take them to be intimate. You believe the world to be objective, while it is entirely a projection of your psyche. That is the basic confusion and no new explosion will set it right! You have to think yourself out of it. There is no other way.
Jeff VanderMeer, Annihilation|That's how the madness of the world tries to colonize you: from the outside in, forcing you to live in its reality.
Daniel Nayeri, Another Faust|If it looks real and feels real, do you think it matters if it's real?
Sherwood Smith, Crown Duel|Memory warps time, as it does the sights and sounds and smells of reality; for what shapes it is emotion, which can twist what seems clear, just as the surface of a pond seems to bend the stick thrust into the water.
Melissa de la Cruz, Lost in Time|If she loved him the way she said she did, she wanted him whole. Maybe this was what love meant after all: sacrifice and selflessness. It did not mean hearts and flowers and a happy ending, but the knowledge that another's well-being is more important than one's own.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|I am real. This”–he put his other hand over the first-“is real. You see me interacting with other people all day long, don’t you? I talk to people; I affect things in the world. I cause things to happen. I am real.”“But-but what if this whole place”-I had to suck in air again-“what if everything is inside my head? East Shoal and Scarlet and this bridge and you-what if you’re not real because nothing is real?”“If nothing’s real, then what does it matter?” he said. “You live here. Doesn’t that make it real enough?
Kyōichi Katayama|I wished the dream were real, and this reality a dream. But that wasn't the case. And that was why, whenever I woke up, I'd be crying. It wasn't because I was sad. When you return from a happy dream to sad reality, there's a chasm you have to step across, and you can't cross it without shedding tears. It doesn't matter how many times you do it.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|It's lies. It's all lies. Some of them are just prettier than others, that's all. People see what they think is there.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|People reject what they do not understand because it makes them feel small. They would rather believe in some other reality, even if it is only an illusion, so long as it makes them feel bigger.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|Your strength as a rationalist is your ability to be more confused by fiction than by reality. If you are equally good at explaining any outcome, you have zero knowledge.
Thomas Merton, New Seeds of Contemplation|We have the choice of two identities: the external mask which seems to be real...and the hidden, inner person who seems to us to be nothing, but who can give himself eternally to the truth in whom he subsists. (295)
André Breton|Nothing that surrounds us is object, all is subject.
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|I have a subconscious list of rules for how reality should work. I did not develop these rules on purpose, and most of them don’t make sense – which is disturbing when you consider that they are an attempt to govern the behavior of reality – but they exist, and they play a large role in determining how I react to the things that happen to me. Large enough that a majority of the feelings I feel are simply a reaction to reality not complying with my arbitrary set of rules. Reality doesn’t give a shit about my rules, and this upsets me.
John Fowles, The French Lieutenant's Woman|You do not even think of your own past as quite real; you dress it up, you gild it or blacken it, censor it, tinker with it...fictionalize it, in a word, and put it away on a shelf - your book, your romanced autobiography. We are all in the flight from the real reality. That is the basic definition of Homo sapiens.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, Traumatic Stress: The Effects of Overwhelming Experience on Mind, Body, and Society|Unlike other forms of psychological disorders, the core issue in trauma is reality.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|The things other people have put into my head, at any rate, do not fit together nicely, are often useless and ugly, are out of proportion with one another, are out of proportion with life as it really is outside my head.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|Reality is a question of perspective; the further you get from the past, the more concrete and plausible it seems - but as you approach the present, it inevitably seems more and more incredible.
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|A man breaking his journey between one place and another at a third place of no name, character, population or significance, sees a unicorn cross his path and disappear. That in itself is startling, but there are precedents for mystical encounters of various kinds, or to be less extreme, a choice of persuasions to put it down to fancy; until--"My God," says a second man, "I must be dreaming, I thought I saw a unicorn." At which point, a dimension is added that makes the experience as alarming as it will ever be. A third witness, you understand, adds no further dimension but only spreads it thinner, and a fourth thinner still, and the more witnesses there are the thinner it gets and the more reasonable it becomes until it is as thin as reality, the name we give to the common experience... "Look, look!" recites the crowd. "A horse with an arrow in its forehead! It must have been mistaken for a deer.
Emily Andrews, The Finer Points of Becoming Machine|Oh God just look at me now... one night opens words and utters pain... I cannot begin to explain to you... this... I am not here. This is not happening. Oh wait, it is, isn't it?I am a ghost. I am not here, not really. You see skin and cuts and frailty...these are symptoms, you known, of a ghost. An unclear image with unclear thoughts whispering vague things...If I told you what was really in my head, you''d never let me leave this place. And I have no desire to spend time in hell while I'm still, in theory, alive.
Gene Wolfe, Shadow & Claw|Weak people believe what is forced on them. Strong people what they wish to believe, forcing that to be real.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Styxx|When someone is drowning and you try to save them, they're more likely to drown you before you pull them out.
Leonard Mlodinow, The Drunkard's Walk: How Randomness Rules Our Lives|Perception requires imagination because the data people encounter in their lives are never complete and always equivocal. For example, most people consider that the greatest evidence of an event one can obtain is to see it with their own eyes, and in a court of law little is held in more esteem than eyewitness testimony. Yet if you asked to display for a court a video of the same quality as the unprocessed data catptured on the retina of a human eye, the judge might wonder what you were tryig to put over. For one thing, the view will have a blind spot where the optic nerve attaches to the retina. Moreover, the only part of our field of vision with good resolution is a narrow area of about 1 degree of visual angle around the retina’s center, an area the width of our thumb as it looks when held at arm’s length. Outside that region, resolution drops off sharply. To compensate, we constantly move our eyes to bring the sharper region to bear on different portions of the scene we wish to observe. And so the pattern of raw data sent to the brain is a shaky, badly pixilated picture with a hole in it. Fortunately the brain processes the data, combining input from both eyes, filling in gaps on the assumption that the visual properties of neighboring locations are similar and interpolating. The result - at least until age, injury, disease, or an excess of mai tais takes its toll - is a happy human being suffering from the compelling illusion that his or her vision is sharp and clear.We also use our imagination and take shortcuts to fill gaps in patterns of nonvisual data. As with visual input, we draw conclusions and make judgments based on uncertain and incomplete information, and we conclude, when we are done analyzing the patterns, that out “picture” is clear and accurate. But is it?
Bethany Brookbank, Write like no one is reading|And I realized that some things just don't work that way. Life isn't a fairy tail. And the person you fall in love with doesn't always love you back. But that's ok, because at the very least it makes you stronger. And brings you to a place where you can fall in love with yourself. And that to me is more important than finding someone that only makes you complete when they are around, It's really about Finding the person that will teach you ALL the lessons you need to know ...so that you feel complete all by yourself. 
Vladimir Nabokov|Reality is a very subjective affair. I can only define it as a kind of gradual accumulation of information; and as specialization. If we take a lily, for instance, or any other kind of natural object, a lily is more real to a naturalist than it is to an ordinary person. But it is still more real to a botanist. And yet another stage of reality is reached with that botanist who is a specialist in lilies. You can get nearer and nearer, so to speak, to reality; but you never get near enough because reality is an infinite succession of steps, levels of perception, false bottoms, and hence unquenchable, unattainable. You can know more and more about one thing but you can never know everything about one thing: it’s hopeless. So that we live surrounded by more or less ghostly objects— that machine, there, for instance. It’s a complete ghost to me— I don’t understand a thing about it and, well, it’s a mystery to me, as much of a mystery as it would be to Lord Byron.
Suzie Burke, Wholeness: My Healing Journey from Ritual Abuse|At cocktail parties, I played the part of a successful businessman's wife to perfection. I smiled, I made polite chit-chat, and I dressed the part. Denial and rationalization were two of my most effective tools in working my way through our social obligations. I believed that playing the roles of wife and mother were the least I could do to help support Tom's career.During the day, I was a puzzle with innumerable pieces. One piece made my family a nourishing breakfast. Another piece ferried the kids to school and to soccer practice. A third piece managed to trip to the grocery store. There was also a piece that wanted to sleep for eighteen hours a day and the piece that woke up shaking from yet another nightmare. And there was the piece that attended business functions and actually fooled people into thinking I might have something constructive to offer.I was a circus performer traversing the tightwire, and I could fall off into a vortex devoid of reality at any moment. There was, and had been for a very long time, an intense sense of despair. A self-deprecating voice inside told me I had no chance of getting better. I lived in an emotional black hole.p20-21, talking about dissociative identity disorder (formerly multiple personality disorder).
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Julian spoke with the clear, unequivocal lucidity of madmen who have escaped the hypocrisy of having to abide by a reality that makes no sense.
Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings|And now you'll be telling storiesof my coming backand they won't be false, and they won't be truebut they'll be real
Haruki Murakami, The Elephant Vanishes|it occurred to me what a simple thing reality is, how easy it is to make it work. It's just reality. Just housework. Just a home. Like running a simple machine. Once you learn to run it, it's just a matter of repetition. You push this button and pull that lever. You adjust a gauge, put on the lid, set the timer. The same thing, over and over.
Kelly Creagh, Enshadowed|As though sensing her heightening alarm, Pinfeathers halted his advance."I can’t help it that I’m susceptible to you," he whispered. "You know that. It’s just that you’re so...unreal...and so I have to touch you. If only to be certain that I’m not the one who’s dreaming. You see, I hear that sort of thing is going around.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|My message to you is this: pretend that you have free will. It's essential that you behave as if your decisions matter, even though you know they don't. The reality isn't important: what's important is your belief, and believing the lie is the only way to avoid a waking coma. Civilization now depends on self-deception. Perhaps it always has.
Muhammad Saqib|People wears a mask of lie so they look attractive , so be careful
Nicholas Sparks, The Choice|That's the thing about being the product of happily marries parents, You grow up thinking the fairy tale is real, and more than that, you think you're entitled to live it. So far, though, it wasn't working out as planned.
George Carlin|Life is tough, then you die.
Christopher Pike, The Last Vampire|I would look up at the moon and see that it was not the smooth orb we had all believed, but a pitted and scarred world with no air.
Susan Douglas, The Mommy Myth: The Idealization of Motherhood and How It Has Undermined All Women|It's 5:22pm you're in the grocery checkout line. Your three-year-old is writhing on the floor, screaming, because you have refused to buy her a Teletubby pinwheel. Your six-year-old is whining, repeatedly, in a voice that could saw through cement, "But mommy, puleeze, puleeze" because you have not bought him the latest "Lunchables," which features, as the four food groups, Cheetos, a Snickers, Cheez Whiz, and Twizzlers. Your teenager, who has not spoken a single word in the past foor days, except, "You've ruined my life," followed by "Everyone else has one," is out in the car, sulking, with the new rap-metal band Piss on the Parentals blasting through the headphones of a Discman. To distract yourself, and to avoid the glares of other shoppers who have already deemed you the worst mother in America, you leaf through People magazine. Inside, Uma thurman gushes "Motherhood is Sexy." Moving on to Good Housekeeping, Vanna White says of her child, "When I hear his cry at six-thirty in the morning, I have a smile on my face, and I'm not an early riser." Another unexpected source of earth-mother wisdom, the newly maternal Pamela Lee, also confides to People, "I just love getting up with him in the middle of the night to feed him or soothe him." Brought back to reality by stereophonic whining, you indeed feel as sexy as Rush Limbaugh in a thong.
Ai Yazawa|Even if you fulfill your hearts desire, by sacrificing something important, you may not necessarily be happy. Happiness doesn’t come in one form, it determined by your own heart.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|it is a heartBreaking sound, Amir Jan, the Wailing of a mother. I pray to Allah you Never hear it.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|Oftentimes in reality, the genius is in the position of the antihero. Neither the good guys nor the bad guys really trust him because his truth is universal.
Adyashanti, Emptiness Dancing|Let go of all ideas and images in your mind, they come and go and aren’t even generated by you. So why pay so much attention to your imagination when reality is for the realizing right now?
David Eagleman|We open our eyes and we think we're seeing the whole world out there. But what has become clear—and really just in the last few centuries—is that when you look at the electro-magnetic spectrum we are seeing less than 1/10 Billionth of the information that's riding on there. So we call that visible light. But everything else passing through our bodies is completely invisible to us.Even though we accept the reality that's presented to us, we're really only seeing a little window of what's happening.
Haile Selassie I|Education develops the intellect; and the intellect distinguishes man from other creatures. It is education that enables man to harness nature and utilize her resources for the well-being and improvement of his life. The key for the betterment and completeness of modern living is education. But, ' Man cannot live by bread alone '. Man, after all, is also composed of intellect and soul. Therefore, education in general, and higher education in particular, must aim to provide, beyond the physical, food for the intellect and soul. That education which ignores man's intrinsic nature, and neglects his intellect and reasoning power can not be considered true education.
Neil Gaiman|People talk about escapism as if it's a bad thing... Once you've escaped, once you come back, the world is not the same as when you left it. You come back to it with skills, weapons, knowledge you didn't have before. Then you are better equipped to deal with your current reality.
Edward Said|Despite the variety and the differences, and however much we proclaim the contrary, what the media produce is neither spontaneous nor completely “free:” “news” does not just happen, pictures and ideas do not merely spring from reality into our eyes and minds, truth is not directly available, we do not have unrestrained variety at our disposal. For like all modes of communication, television, radio, and newspapers observe certain rules and conventions to get things across intelligibly, and it is these, often more than the reality being conveyed, that shape the material delivered by the media. 
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|If nothing’s real, then what does it matter?” he said. “You live here. Doesn’t that make it real enough?
Paula Stokes, Vicarious|To us, reality is just raw footage: Unclear. Desultory. Too shocking or not quite shocking enough. It’s ironic that making something more real involves making it less real, but Gideon always says people don’t want real. They want the idea of real, which involves production.
David Gemmell, Lord of the Silver Bow|Odysseus draped the towel over his shoulders and stretched his back. "You remember practicing with wooden swords? All the moves, the blocks, the counters, getting your footwork right, learning how to be in balance always?""Of course you were a hard master.""And you recall the first time you went into a real fight, with blood being shed and the fear of death in the air?""I do""The moves are the same, but the difference is wider than the Great Green. Love is like that, Helikaon. You can spend time with a whore and laugh and know great pleasure. But when love strikes--- ah, the difference is awesome. You will find more joy in the touch of a hand or the sight of a smile than you could ever experience in a hundred nights of passion with anyone else. The sky will be more blue, the sun more bright. Ah, I am missing my Penelope tonight
T.J. Mihaila|Writers don't just create pages in a novel, but depth to worlds that become a safe haven for those who wish to escape the reality of their own.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|In order to survive in a world of instinct,its' alternative is to hunt or being hunted.Reject this, then be prepared to be hunted.
Anthony de Mello, Awareness: Conversations with the Masters|The only way someone can be of help to you is in challenging your ideas. If you're ready to listen and if you're ready to be challenged, there's one thing that you can do, but no one can help you. What is this most important thing of all? It's called self-observation.
Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan|Ideals are dangerous things. Realities are better. They wound, but they're better.
Jay Wickre|When your past shows up to haunt you, make sure it comes after supper so it doesn't ruin your whole day.
Luigi Pirandello|Whatever is a reality today, whatever you touch and believe in and that seems real for you today, is going to be, like the reality of yesterday, an illusion tomorrow.
Aleister Crowley, Magick in Theory and Practice|In this book it is spoken of the Sephiroth and the Paths; of Spirits and Conjurations; of Gods, Spheres, Planes, and many other things which may or may not exist. It is immaterial whether these exist or not. By doing certain things certain results will follow; students are most earnestly warned against attributing objective reality or philosophic validity to any of them.
Terence McKenna|A hallucination is a species of reality, as capable of teaching you as a videotape about Kilimanjaro or anything else that falls through your life.
Dean Koontz, The Good Guy|Appearances are not reality; but they often can be a convincing alternative to it. You can control appearances most of the time, but facts are what they are. When the facts are too sharp, you can craft a cheerful version of the situation and cover the facts the way that you can covered a battered old four-slice toaster with a knitted cozy featuring images of kittens.
Justin Alcala|Non fiction? Non fiction?! Listen, reality is what got me into this mess in the first place.
Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion|It is one of the unexpected disasters of the modern age that our new unparalleled access to information has come at the price of our capacity to concentrate on anything much. The deep, immersive thinking which produced many of civilization's most important achievements has come under unprecedented assault. We are almost never far from a machine that guarantees us a mesmerizing and libidinous escape from reality. The feelings and thoughts which we have omitted to experience while looking at our screens are left to find their revenge in involuntary twitches and our ever-decreasing ability to fall asleep when we should.
Hughes Mearns|As I was sitting in my chair,I knew the bottom wasn't there,Nor legs nor back, but I just sat,Ignoring little things like that.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|My personal theory is that he has a very firm grasp upon reality, it's simply not a reality the rest of us have ever met before.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|It was Valentine's Day and I had spent the day in bed with my life partner, Ketel One. The two of us watched a romance movie marathon on TBS Superstation that made me wonder how people who write romantic comedies can sleep at night.  At some point during almost every romantic comedy, the female lead suddenly trips and falls, stumbling helplessly over something ridiculous like a leaf, and then some Matthew McConaughey type either whips around the corner just in the nick of time to save her or is clumsily pulled down along with her. That event predictably leads to the magical moment of their first kiss. Please. I fall all-the-time. You know who comes and gets me? The bouncer.  Then, within the two hour time frame of the movie, the couple meet, fall in love, fall out of love, break up, and then just before the end of the movie, they happen to bump into each other by "coincidence" somewhere absolutely absurd, like by the river. This never happens in real life. The last time I bumped into an ex-boyfriend was at three o'clock in the morning at Rite Aid. I was ringing up Gas-X and corn removers.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|I'd decided the campus was just a place to hide. There were some campus freaks who stayed on forever. The whole college scene was soft. They never told you what to expect out there in the real world. They just crammed you with theory and never told you how hard the pavements were. A college education could destroy an individual for life. Books could make you soft. When you put them down, and really went out there, then you needed to know what they never told you.
Christine Stockton, Sluts|Actually, nothing hurts like hearing the word slut, unless it is hearing the word rape dropped about carelessly. Again, a word I wouldn't have thought much about, except that when I was in high school a girl gave her senior speech on her best friend's rape. She ended not with an appear for women's rights or self defense, but by begging us to consider our language. We use the word 'rape' so casually, for sports, for a failed test, to spice up jokes. 'The test raped me.' 'His smile went up to justifiable rape.' These references confer casualness upon the word, embedding it into our culture, stripping it of shock value, and ultimately numb us to the reality of rape.
Vincent van Gogh|It is only right and proper to be moved by the Bible, but present-day reality has so strong a hold over us that even when we try to imagine the past the minor events in our lives immediately wrench us out of our musings, and our own adventures throw us back irrevocably upon our personal feelings—joy, boredom, suffering, anger, or a smile.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|It is interesting that we call something good a “dream,” but being called a “dreamer” is somewhat of a putdown.Without dreamers, no dream would ever be given reality, and we would live in a very small and shallow world.If you are a secret dreamer, it’s your time to announce yourself.
Terry Goodkind, Faith of the Fallen|Honor is honesty to what is, not blind duty to what you wish to be.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|Doffing the ego'ssafe glory, he findshis naked reality.
Gene Wolfe, Shadow & Claw|We believe that we invent symbols. The truth is that they invent us; we are their creatures, shaped by their hard, defining edges.
Kader Abdolah, Het huis van de moskee|Luckily, however, life doesn't always follow tradition, but craves out a path of its own.
Portia de Rossi, Unbearable Lightness: A Story of Loss and Gain|I wondered if that's what aging felt like. That desire and reality were dueling until the day you die, that nobody every got to a place of peace. I had always wanted to get old so I didn't have to care anymore, but I began to think that it would be best just to skip the getting older part and just die.
Alfred North Whitehead|Rightness of limitation is essential for growth of reality.Unlimited possibility and abstract creativity can procure nothing. The limitation, and the basis arising from what is already actual, are both of them necessary and interconnected.
Paul     Murray|Since when has love ever looked for reasons, or evidence? Why would love bow to the reality of things, when it creates a reality of its own, so much more vivid, wherein everything resonates to the key of the heart?
W.S. Gilbert, The Mikado|I'm really very sorry for you all, but it's an unjust world, and virtue is triumphant only in theatrical performances.
Marc Maron, Attempting Normal|Everyone is a little bitter. We're born bitter. The personality itself is really just a very complex defense mechanism. A reaction to the first time someone said, "No you can't.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|I’d like to have enough time and quietTo think about absolutely nothing,To not ever feel myself living,To only know myself in others’ eyes, reflected.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Insanity is the ability to communicate your ideas. It’s as if you were in a foreign country, able to see and understand everything that’s going on around you but incapable of explaining what you need to know or of being helped, because you don’t understand the language they speak there.
William James|Each of us literally chooses, by his way of attending to things, what sort of universe he shall appear to himself to inhabit.
Kelley Armstrong, Birthright|Some women just aren’t cut out to be mothers, and unfortunately it had taken Susanna three kids to realize she was one of them.
Leonard Peikoff, Objectivism: The Philosophy of Ayn Rand|Every argument for God and every attribute ascribed to Him rests on a false metaphysical premise. None can survive for a moment on a correct metaphysics....Existence exists, and only existence exists. Existence is a primary: it is uncreated, indestructible, eternal. So if you are to postulate something beyond existence—some supernatural realm—you must do it by openly denying reason, dispensing with definitions, proofs, arguments, and saying flatly, “To Hell with argument, I have faith.” That, of course, is a willful rejection of reason.Objectivism advocates reason as man’s sole means of knowledge, and therefore, for the reasons I have already given, it is atheist. It denies any supernatural dimension presented as a contradiction of nature, of existence. This applies not only to God, but also to every variant of the supernatural ever advocated or to be advocated. In other words, we accept reality, and that’s all.
Aldous Huxley, The Devils of Loudun|The world' is man's experience as it appears to, and is moulded by, his ego. It is that less abundant life, which is lived according to the dictates of the insulated self. It is nature denatured by the distorting spectacles of our appetites and revulsions. It is the finite divorced from the Eternal. It is multiplicity in isolation from its non-dual Ground. It is time apprehended as one damned thing after another. It is a system of verbal categories taking the place of the fathomlessly beautiful and mysterious particulars which constitute reality. It is a notion labelled 'God'. It is the Universe equated with the words of our utilitarian vocabulary.
Jack Nicholson|With my sunglasses on, I'm Jack Nicholson. Without them, I'm fat and 60.-Jack Nicholson
Dan Simmons, A Winter Haunting|What, after all, is more real to us than the geography of our childhoods?
Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities|The city of Leonia refashions itself every day: every morning the people wake between fresh sheets, wash with just-unwrapped cakes of soap, wear brand-new clothing, take from the latest model refrigerator still unopened tins, listening to the last-minute jingles from the most up-to-date radio.On the sidewalks, encased in spotless plastic bags, the remains of yesterday's Leonia await the garbage truck. Not only squeezed tubes of toothpaste, blown-out light bulbs, newspapers, containers, wrappings, but also boilers, encyclopedias, pianos, porcelain dinner services.It is not so much by the things that each day are manufactured, sold, bought, that you can measure Leonia's opulence, but rather by the things that each day are thrown out to make room for the new.So you begin to wonder if Leonia's true passion is really , as they say, the enjoyment of new things, and not, instead, the joy of expelling, discarding, cleansing itself of a recurrent impurity. The fact is that street cleaners are welcomed like angels.
Jerome K. Jerome, Clocks|Appearance, not reality, is what the clever dog grasps at in these clever days. We spurn the dull-brown solid earth; we build our lives and homes in the fair-seeming rainbow-land of shadow and chimera.
Herbert Stein, What I Think: Essays on Economics, Politics, and Life|If something cannot go on forever, it will stop.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|At Garvin High we were dealt a hard dose of reality this year. People hate. That's our reality. People hate and are hated and carry grudges and want punishments ... I don't know if it's possible to take hate away from people. Not even people like us, who've seen firsthand what hate can do. We're all hurting. We're all going to be hurting for a long time. And we, probably more than anyone else out there, will be searching for a new reality every day. A better one ... But in order to change reality you have to be willing to listen and to learn. And to hear. To actually hear.
Jens Peter Jacobsen, Niels Lyhne|And it all came to pass, all that she had hoped, but it did not fill her with rapture nor carry her away with the power or the fervor she had expected. She had imagined it all different, and had imagined herself different, too. In dreams and poems everything had been, as it were, beyond the sea; the haze of distance had mysteriously veiled all the restless mass of details and had thrown out the large lines in bold relief, while the silence of distance had lent its spirit of enchantment. It had been easy then to feel the beauty; but now that she was in the midst of it all, when every little feature stood out and spoke boldly with the manifold voices of reality, and beauty was shattered as light in a prism, she could not gather the rays together again, could not put the picture back beyond the sea. Despondently she was obliged to admit to herself that she felt poor, surrounded by riches that she could not make her own.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|We must look at the lens through we see the world, as well as the world we see, and that the lens itself shapes how we interpret the world.
Megan Miranda, Fracture|I leaned against my door, struggling to catch my breath, and thought that maybe hell wasn't a place at all, but a thing. A contagious thing. A thing that could creep up the steps, seep through the crack under my door, grow horns and sprout fire - smelling faintly like sulfur. A thing that could sink its tendrils inside and take root, coloring everything gray and distorting a smile into a sneer. And while i got dressed for the play, swatted at my back and kept running my hands over my stomach because I could feel it, I swear, I could feel it reaching for me, trying to grab hold.
Michael Crichton, Airframe|Sometimes I look around my living room, and the most real thing in the room is the television. It’s bright and vivid, and the rest of my life looks drab. So I turn the damn thing off. That does it every time. Get my life back.
George Orwell|I felt as if I was the only person awake in a city of sleepwalkers. That's an illusion, of course. When you walk through a crowd of strangers it's next door to impossible not to imagine that they're all waxworks, but probably they're thinking just the same about you.
Alan Moore, Watchmen|I still can't believe it . . . him comin' here everyday, nobody realizin'. Still, that's life: lotta stuff happens under the waterline.
Laurence Gonzales|The plan, a memory of the future, tries on reality to see if it fits.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|We must therefore rediscover, after the natural world, the social world, not as an object or sum of objects, but as a permanent field or dimension of existence.
Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted|Even if you tell yourself "Today I'm going to drink coffee the wrong way ... from a dirty boot." Even that would be right, because you chose to drink coffee from that boot.Because you can do nothing wrong. You are always right. Even when you say, "I'm such an idiot, I'm so wrong..." you're right. You're right about being wrong. You're right even when you're an idiot. No matter how stupid your idea, you're doomed to be right because it's yours.
Bo Lozoff|Like a child standing in a beautiful park with his eyes shut tight, there's no need to imagine trees, flowers, deer, birds, and sky; we merely need to open our eyes and realize what is already here, who we already are - as soon as we stop pretending we're small or unholy.
John Crowley, Little, Big|There was after all no mystery in the end of love, no mystery but the mystery of love itself, which was large certainly but as real as grass, as natural and unaccountable as bloom and branch and their growth.
Jasper Fforde, One of Our Thursdays Is Missing|Literature is claimed to be a mirror of the world,” I said, “but the Outlanders are fooling themselves. The BookWorld is as orderly as people in the RealWorld *hope* their own world to be—it isn’t a mirror, it’s an aspiration.
John Grisham, The Rainmaker|We cuss them because we're not good enough for them. We hate them because they wouldn't look at us, couldn't be bothered to give us an interview. I guess there's a Trent & Brent in every city, in every field. I didn't make it and I don't belong, so I'll just go through life hating them.
André Breton|The lamentable expression: 'But it was only a dream", the increasing use of which - among others in the domain of the cinema - has contributed not a little to encourage such hypocrisy, has for a long while ceased to merit discussion.
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|In this stillness that is at the same time movement, in this darkness that is at the same time light, change is found not in the realm of ideas but in the energizing desire that is realized through precipitation. Desire tends towards its own realization and change takes place when the desire for it shatters the bounds of the possible, breaking the dialectical equilibrium holding together the framework of what is existent. It is at such moments that the imaginary flows into the real and overwhelms it, inundating it until it has been absorbed.
Melissa de la Cruz, Masquerade|You may be to call up the entire encyclopedia, but a brain with no heart and no reasoning .. well, nothing is more meaningless.
Idries Shah, Reflections|Two people can illustrate crudity to you.The first is the crude man, whom you see perceiving the diamond as a stone.The other is the refined man, who makes clear to you the crudity of the first one.
Graham Greene, Our Man in Havana|You should dream more, Mr. Wormold. Reality in our century is not something to be faced.
George Foreman|They'll take everything, even your tears.
Stephen King, It|For a moment he felt a wild hope: perhaps this really was a nightmare. Perhaps he would awake in his own bed, bathed in sweat, shaking, maybe even crying . . . but alive. Safe. Then he pushed the thought away. Its charm was deadly, its comfort fatal.
Chuck Klosterman, Eating the Dinosaur|The deeper reality is that I’m not sure if what I do is real. I usually believe that I’m certain about how I feel, but that seems naive. How do we know how we feel?…There is almost certainly a constructed schism between (a) how I feel, and (b) how I think I feel. There’s probably a third level, too—how I want to think I feel.
Tim O'Brien, Going After Cacciato|Imagination, like reality, has its limits.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Either they're still naive, or stupid.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|What you alter in the remembering has yet a reality, known or not.
Anthony de Mello, One Minute Wisdom|A thought is a screen, not a mirror; that is why you live in a thought envelope, untouched by Reality.
John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life|All that looks like reality to us is dependent on God. There is creation and Creator, nothing more. And creation gets all its meaning and purpose from God.
William James, The Correspondence of William James: 1885-1889|Why may we not be in the universe, as our dogs and cats are in our drawingrooms and libraries?
Micah Amyx|You can take a dog outside, but you can't make it pee
Laura Wiess, Such a Pretty Girl|What's the point of obsessing over cholesterol or bike helmets or even cigarettes when the biggest threats to our children are being released back into society every day? Yes, maybe 'some' of them have reformed, but what about the ones who haven't? Doesn't anyone realize that one 'touch', one 'time' will destroy a child's life ten times faster than a pack-a-day habit?
Alan W. Watts|The art of meditation is a way of getting into touch with reality, and the reason for it is that most civilized people are out of touch with reality because they confuse the world as it with the world as they think about it and talk about it and describe it. For on the one hand there is the real world and on the other there is a whole system of symbols about that world which we have in our minds. These are very very useful symbols, all civilization depends on them, but like all good things they have their disadvantages, and the principle disadvantage of symbols is that we confuse them with reality, just as we confuse money with actual wealth.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|Nothing exists; all is a dream. God—man—the world—the sun, the moon, the wilderness of stars—a dream, all a dream; they have no existence. Nothing exists save empty space—and you!
Eugène Ionesco|The light of memory, or rather the light that memory lends to things, is the palest light of all. I am not quite sure whether I am dreaming or remembering, whether I have lived my life or dreamed it. Just as dreams do, memory makes me profoundly aware of the unreality, the evanescence of the world, a fleeting image in the moving water.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|The dizziness in the face of les espaces infinis--only overcome if we dare to gaze into them without any protection. And accept them as the reality before which we must justify our existence. For this is the truth we must reach to live, that everything is and we just in it.
Machado de Assis|I considered the case and realized that if something can exist in opinion without existing in reality, or exist in reality without existing in opinion, the conclusion is that of the two parallel lives, only opinion is necessary – not reality, which is only a secondary consideration.
Benjamin R.  Smith, Atlas|Human’s aren’t concerned with reality, merely their perceptions of it.
Carlos Fuentes, Myself with Others: Selected Essays|Robinson Crusoe, the first capitalist hero, is a self-made man who accepts objective reality and then fashions it to his needs through the work ethic, common sense, resilience, technology, and, if need be, racism and imperialism.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|Basically, Sherri's idea had to do with bringing Fat's mind down from the cosmic and the abstract to the particular. She had hatched out the practical notion that nothing is more real than a large World War Two Soviet tank.
Justin Scott, The Shipkiller|You can do everything right, strictly according to procedure, on the ocean, and it'll still kill you, but if you're a good navigator, at least you'll know where you were when you died.(In "The Nautical Chart" by Arturo Perez-Reverte)
Emil M. Cioran|If just once you were depressed for no reason, you have been so all your life without knowing it.Becoming: an agony without an ending.The older I grow, the less I enjoy performing my little Hamlet. The desire to die was my one and only concern; to it I have sacrificed everything, even death. If History had a goal, how lamentable would be the fate of those of us who have accomplished nothing!On the frontiers of the self: ‘What I have suffered, what I am suffering, no one will ever know, not even I’. Events - tumours of time.Man secretes disaster.The secret of my adaptation to life? - I’ve changed despairs the way I’ve changed shirts. Each day is a Rubicon in which I aspire to be drowned.
John Derbyshire, We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism|The ordinary modes of human thinking are magical, religious, social, and personal. We want our wishes to come true; we want the universe to care about us; we want the approval of those around us; we want to get even with that s.o.b. who insulted us at the last tribal council. For most people, wanting to know the cold truth about the world is way, way down the list.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|We are all wired into a survival trip now. No more of the speed that fueled that 60's. That was the fatal flaw in Tim Leary's trip. He crashed around America selling "consciousness expansion" without ever giving a thought to the grim meat-hook realities that were lying in wait for all the people who took him seriously... All those pathetically eager acid freaks who thought they could buy Peace and Understanding for three bucks a hit. But their loss and failure is ours too. What Leary took down with him was the central illusion of a whole life-style that he helped create... a generation of permanent cripples, failed seekers, who never understood the essential old-mystic fallacy of the Acid Culture: the desperate assumption that somebody... or at least some force - is tending the light at the end of the tunnel.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|I don't know what I need, or even what I want, from her or from anybody. There's no way to tell her the truth, because the truth is that my heart is broken, and I don't think there''s any chance of it being sewn back together. This is permanent. It can't be fixed.
Huey Freeman|Obi-Wan Kenobi once said ‘your eyes can deceive you, don’t trust them.’ It seems to be getting harder. Distinguishing reality from the illusions people make for us, or the ones we make for ourselves. I don’t know, maybe that’s part of the plan, to make me think I’m crazy…it’s working.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|What I am in search of is not so much the gratification of a curiosity or a passion for worldly life, but something far less conditional. I do not wish to go out into the world with an insurance policy in my pocket guaranteeing my return in the event of a disappointment, like some cautious traveller who would be content with a brief glimpse of the world. On the contrary, I desire that there should be hazards, difficulties and dangers to face; I am hungry for reality, for tasks and deeds, and also for privation and suffering.
Malcolm Gladwell, Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking|The entire principle of a blind taste test was ridiculous. They shouldn't have cared so much that they were losing blind taste tests with old Coke, and we shouldn't at all be surprised that Pepsi's dominance in blind taste tests never translated to much in the real world. Why not? Because in the real world, no one ever drinks Coca-Cola blind.
Judith Krantz, Scruples|Did she make you laugh? Did she love you as much as you loved her? Did she protect you and warm you and keep you from suffering? Valentine turned her eyes away from him, unable to face the empty answer in his face but not wanting to stop saying what she had thought for so long. "I saw how fascinating her mystery was to you. For my part, I think that the mystery is always greatest where there is the most-emptiness. A person full of life is never mysterious, on the contrary.
Anne Rice, Blackwood Farm|No, but one can feel desperate at any age, don’t you think? The young are eternally desperate,” he said frankly. “And books, they offer hope — that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe one is saved.
Jesse Ball, The Curfew|Not that believing such things has anything to do with whether they are true. You see that, don't you?
Henry James, The Golden Bowl|Our relation, all round, exists--it's a reality, and a very good one; we're mixed up, so to speak, and it's too late to change it. We must live IN it and with it
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|This has been my greatest challenge: because the current reality now seems so unreal, it's hard to make nonfiction seem believable. But you, my friend [Michael Moore], are able to do that.
Damon Galgut, In a Strange Room|There's no theme, no moral to be learned, except for the knowledge that lightning can strike from a clear blue sky one morning and take away everything you've built, everything you've counted on, leaving wreckage and no meaning behind. It can happen to anyone, it can happen to you.
Siddhartha Choudhary|life is a video game, only difference is that you don't always get three chances!
Shannon L. Alder|Words don’t have the power to hurt you, unless that person meant more to you than you are willing to confess.
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|Reality is as thin as paper, and betrays with all its cracks its imitative character.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|For several days, I slept. Whether this was a necessary part of physical recovery, or a stubborn retreat from waking reality, I do not know, but I woke only reluctantly to take a little food, falling at once back into a stupor of oblivion, as though the small, warm weight of broth in my stomach were an anchor that pulled me after it, down through the murky fathoms of sleep.
Jim Berg, Changed Into His Image|This is the real world, and only a believer walking in fellowship with His Creator and Redeemer can understand it. Everyone else is the world is experiencing a 'break with reality'.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|On a whitely cloudy day I get sad, almost afraid,And I begin to meditate about problems I make up.
Esther Hicks|If you knew your potential to feel good, you would ask no one to be different so that you can feel good. You would free yourself of all of that cumbersome impossibility of needing to control the world, or control your mate, or control your child. You are the only one who creates your reality. For no one else can think for you, no one else can do it. It is only you, every bit of it you.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|In my terms, I settled for the realities of life, and submitted to its necessities: if this, then that, and so the years passed. In Adrian's terms, I gave up on life, gave up on examining it, took it as it came. And so, for the first time, I began to feel a more general remorse - a feeling somewhere between self-pity and self-hatred - about my whole life. All of it. I had lost the friends of my youth. I had lost the love of my wife. I had abandoned the ambitions I had entertained. I had wanted life not to bother me too much, and had succeeded - and how pitiful that was.
Alan W. Watts|Zen is a liberation from time. For if we open our eyes and see clearly, it becomes obvious that there is no other time than this instant, and that the past and the future are abstractions without any concrete reality.
René Magritte|If the dream is a translation of waking life, waking life is also a translation of the dream.
Jean Genet, The Balcony|It's a true image, born of a false spectacle.
Arthur C. Clarke|There's no real objection to escapism, in the right places... We all want to escape occasionally. But science fiction is often very far from escapism, in fact you might say that science fiction is escape into reality... It's a fiction which does concern itself with real issues: the origin of man; our future. In fact I can't think of any form of literature which is more concerned with real issues, reality.
Stephen Russell, Barefoot Doctor's Guide to the Tao: A Spiritual Handbook for the Urban Warrior|Currently where you are is on a huge globe with a relatively thin crust of stone, containing fire in its bowels, rotating on its own slightly tilted axis at 1,000 miles per hour in an easterly direction while simultaneously traveling in orbit around an enormous ball of burning hydrogen, 93,000,000 miles away at 66,000 miles per hour. That’s 66,000 miles per hour, or nineteen miles per second, which is much faster that you’ve maybe ever imagined, and means that you will be traveling nearly 60,000,000 miles this coming year.Beauty is, you don’t have to imagine it, you can feel it instead. And if you want to know what it’s like, simply stop. Be still, and in that stillness, whatever you are feeling in your belly: that’s it. this is what it feels like to go 66,000 miles per hour while spinning at one thousand.
Stephen King|If you fell outward to the limit of the universe, would you find a board fence and signs reading DEAD END? No. You might find something hard and rounded, as the chick must see the egg from the inside. And if you should peck through that shell (or find a door), what great and torrential light might shine through your opening at the end of space? Might you look through and discover our entire universe is but part of one atom on a blade of grass? Might you be forced to think that by burning a twig you incinerate an eternity of eternities? That existence rises not to one infinite but to an infinity of them?
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Drowned Cities|But then, that was the problem with pretty toy stitches. When real life got hold of them, they always tore out.
Jean Genet, The Balcony|You must now go home, where everything -- you can be quite sure -- will be falser than here....You must go now. You'll leave by the right, through the alley....
Christine Rice|Reality is based on, and controlled by, our thoughts.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|It is simply expression, as Henry says, that gives reality to things.
Shvaugn Craig, The Suicide Garden and Other Stories|I could never really manage to tell reality and my dream world apart, for the two of them co-existed together as they slid over top of each other.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|The exegesis Fat labored on month after month struck me as a Pyrrhic victory if there ever was one -- in this case an attempt by a beleaguered mind to make sense out of the inscrutable. Perhaps this is the bottom line to mental illness: incomprehensible events occur; your life becomes a bin for hoax-like fluctuations of what used to be reality. And not only that -- as if that weren't enough -- but you, like Fat, ponder forever over these fluctuations in an effort to order them into a coherency, when in fact the only sense they make is the sense you impose on them, out of necessity to restore everything into shapes and processes you can recognize. The first thing to depart in mental illness is the familiar. And what takes its place is bad news because not only can you not understand it, you also cannot communicate it to other people. The madman experiences something, but what it is or where it comes from he does not know.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Between the approximation of the idea and the precision of reality there was a small gap of the unimaginable, and it was this hiatus that gave him no rest.
Mary Balogh, Simply Perfect|But that is what life is all about, he said. "It is about dreaming and making those dreams come true with effort and determination - and love.
Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz|The one thing is fiction in a novel and the other thing is reality. With fiction you don't make a fuss - you can 'beat it' and there's never enough. At least in my opinion - cause there are people, who complain about style intensity in literature: they prefer cereals with milk than abyssinian bitches roasted alive on bringhausers and watered with ya-yoo juice.
Jane Wagner, The Search for Signs of Intelligent Life in the Universe|My space chums think reality was once a primitive method of crowd control that got out of hand. In my view, it’s absurdity dressed up in a three-piece business suit.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven|George, it's impossible to correct a defective reality-orientation overnight.
Luke Rhinehart|And it's his illusions about whatconstitutes the real world which are inhibiting him...His reality, his reason, his society ... These are what must be destroyed
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|As soon as I sat down across from her, she ordered me to put the entire contents of my pants pockets on the table. I did as I was told, saying nothing. My reality seemed to have left me and was now wandering around nearby. I hope it can find me, I thought.
Julian Barnes, The Noise of Time|It had been a slow and painful business, discovering that the theory of love did not match the reality of life. It was like expecting to be able to write a symphony because you had once read a handbook of composition.
Michael Cunningham, A Home at the End of the World|How are you feeling, man?" he asks me."Great," I tell him, and it is purely the truth. Doves clatter up out of a bare tree and turn at the same instant, transforming themselves from steel to silver in the snow-blown light. I know at that moment that the drug is working. Everything before me has become suddenly, radiantly itself. How could Carlton have known this was about to happen? "Oh," I whisper. His hand settles on my shoulder."Stay loose, Frisco," he says. "There's not a thing in this pretty world to be afraid of. I'm here."I am not afraid. I am astonished. I had not realized until this moment how real everything is. A twig lies on the marble at my feet, bearing a cluster of hard brown berries. The broken-off end is raw, white, fleshly. Trees are alive."I'm here," Carlton says again, and he is.
Criss Jami, Healology|A utopian system, when established by men, is likely to be synonymous with a dystopian depression. The only way for perfect peace by man is absolute control of all wrongs. Bully-cultures find this: with each and every mistake, another village idiot is shamed into nothingness and mindlessly shut down by the herd. This is a superficial peace made by force and by fear, one in which there is no freedom to breathe; and the reason it is impossible for man to maintain freedom and peace for everyone at the same time. Christ, on the other hand, transforms, instead of controls, by instilling his certain inner peace. This is the place where one realizes that only his holiness is and feels like true freedom, rather than like imprisonment, and, too, why Hell, I imagine, a magnified version of man's never-ending conflict between freedom and peace, would be the flesh's ultimate utopia - yet its ultimate regret.
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|Surrealism also refuses the representation of reality: reality can only be; its existence proves its reality. Fiction thereby becomes impossible or is, by definition, false.
David Petersen, On the Wild Edge: In Search of a Natural Life|The natural world is the only reality, thus the only valid base for spirituality there is.
Bertrand Russell|Physics is mathematical not because we know so much about the physical world, but because we know so little; it is only its mathematical properties that we can discover.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|The troops and their ladies had first drunk champagne. There were also remains of sandwiches, and I stepped on one, which I think was either cucumber or watercress. I scraped it off on the curbing, left it there for germs. I'll tell you this, though: No germ is going to leave the Solar System eating sissy stuff like that.Plutonium! Now there's the stuff to put hair on a microbe's chest.
Paul Leppin, Blaugast : A Novel of Decline|The gap in the fire which had opened up before him, so that the twisted grimace on the face of existence had become visible through the play of the flames, narrowed to disappear completely. His back hurt and he could hear darkness breathing audibly.
Jeffrey A. Lockwood|Ecology is beginning to slowly shift focus with tentative explorations of what the world would look like if process, rather than matter were the basis for reality What if we defined a species in terms of its life processes? We might seriously doubt whether the California condor or the tall grass prairie can be 'saved' or even 'restored.' Perhaps we can re-create some local conditions that foster a few nests of condors or a few acres of prairie. But the life process of the condor ended with the urbanization of the California foothills and the living ebb and flow of the tall grass prairies died with the plowing of the Great Plains. What if we suggested that a thing is what it does? In this light, the Rocky Mountain locust was a immense aperiodic energy flow that linked life processes on a continental scale.This notion of life-as-process might seem unusual in a society in which material existence is primary. But such a perception informs our deepest understanding of life. Indeed, life-as-process underlies our notion of euthanasia. When loved ones are simply bodies, devoid of the capacity to care, respond, or relate again a away that we can recognize as being "them," we understand that they are gone even before they are dead.
Pablo Tusset, The Best Thing That Can Happen to a Croissant|To say "all that which does not exist" is to introduce, effectively, a new concept, but it does not bring into existence anything more than that very concept which it introduces. That is, a certain entity about which we know nothing except that it bears the name of "all that which does not exist.
Charles Baudelaire|Common sense tells us that the things of the earth exist only a little, and that true reality is only in dreams.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|I'm sorry if this sounds harsh or surprises anyone, but this is where we are. If you want the outcome to be different, you will have to do something about it.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|The first stage of ignorance is illusion, due to lack of exposure to reality. The second stage of ignorance is delusion, or the refusal to acknowledge reality. The third stage of ignorance is the rejection of altruism.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|I had great pity on Ansje, because she always acted very happy, but I believed that it was really a front. I could see through it. Inside she was crying because she was really very sad. You pity people like that -- the ones who try to lie to themselves -- because they suffer so much and don't face reality.
Victor Pelevin, Homo Zapiens|In itself a wall on which a panoramic view of a non-existent world is drawn does not change. But for a great deal of money you can buy a view from the window with a painted sun, a sky-blue bay and a calm evening. Unfortunately the author of this fragment will again be Ed—but even this is not important, because the very window the view is bought for is also only drawn in. Then perhaps the wall on which it is drawn is a drawing too? But drawn by whom and on what?He raised his eyes to the wall of the toilet as though in hopes of an answer there. Traced on the tiles in red felt-tip pen were the jolly, rounded letters of a brief slogan: "Trapped? Masturbate!
Anne Carson, Autobiography of Red|Reality is a sound, you have to tune in to it not just keep yelling.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|Life and stories are alike in one way: They are full of hollows. The king and queen have no children: They have a child hollow. The girl has a wicked stepmother: She has a mother hollow. In a story, a baby comes along to fill the child hollow. But in life, the hollows continue empty.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The House of the Dead|Reality is infinitely diverse, compared with even the subtlest conclusions of abstract thought, and does not allow of clear-cut and sweeping distinctions. Reality resists classification.
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|I wanted to write in Kitchenese, the secret language of cooks, instantly recognizable to anyone who has ever dunked french fries for a summer job or suffered under the despotic rule of a tyrannical chef or boobish owner.
H.E. Davey|The undiscovered is not far away. It’s not something to be found eventually. It is contained within what is right in front of us. The essence of reality is being born right now. It has never existed before. Reality is constant creation and destruction, and in this constant change is something unborn and undying, something that cannot be approached through the known or the past. It isn’t seen through striving to become something based on ideals stemming from former experiences. It comes to that which is being, not striving. In this state of being in the moment, without the known, without knowing at all, with neither past nor future, is a space that is not filled with time. And in this space, the undiscovered and ever-changing moment exists—a moment containing all possibilities, the totality of existence, absolute reality. Reality is now, and in the now, we can experience the true nature of the universe and the universal mind.
Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road|You see? I don’t know what ‘mature’ means, either, and you could talk all night and I still wouldn’t know. It’s all just words to me, Frank. I watch you talking and I think: Isn’t that amazing? He really does think that way; these words really do mean something to him. Sometimes it seems I’ve been watching people talk and thinking that all my life. And maybe it means there’s something awful the matter with me, but it’s true.
Salman Rushdie, The Ground Beneath Her Feet|Things aren't like this," he kept repeating. "It shouldn't be this way." As if he had access to some other plane of existence, some parallel, "right" universe, and had sensed that our time had somehow been put out of joint. Such was his vehemence that I found myself believing him, believing, for example, in the possibility of that other life in which Vina had never left and we were making our lives together, all three of us, ascending together to the stars. Then he shook his head, and the spell broke. He opened his eyes, grinning ruefully. As if he knew his thoughts had infected mine. As if he knew his power. "Better get on with it," he said. "Make do with what there is.
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, but some, to dream.
Claude Cahun|Realities disguised as symbols are, for me, new realities that are immeasurably preferable. I make an effort to take them at their word. To grasp, to carry out the diktat of images to the letter.
Kara Dalkey, Firebirds Soaring: An Anthology of Original Speculative Fiction|Why would our brains have this capacity to sense the oneness of the universe, a sense that can be induced in many ways, even technological, if that capacity did not reflect an external reality?
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|All reality about me now appeared to be in tatters, taken down and reduced to the civil war of its particles. I held on very, very tight indeed.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Universal emptiness is mere concept.The fact is, there was never emptiness.
Sonia Dea Octalia|success is easy with just a prayer, encouragement and patience!
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|As an anarch, who acknowledges neither law nor custom, I owe it to myself to get at the very heart of things. I then probe them in terms of their contradictions, like image and mirror image. Either is imperfect – by seeking to unite them, which I practice every morning, I manage to catch a corner of reality.
Renee Gladman, The Activist|Reality is not static—its properties are in constant flux, so perhaps we are as much in the world as we can ever be, and that's the problem.
Cruce Stark, The Haunted Dusk|According to this model, human beings are, at least in one aspect, sensation-receiving machines; and although our receptory apparatus is competent to select and organize outward stimuli within the narrow range necessary for physical survival within our environment, it does not necessarily tell us very much about the nature of that environment. People, in other words, have little access to the possible world existing beyond their sensations.
J.G. Ballard, The Atrocity Exhibition|...reason rationalizes reality for him (Dr. Nathan) as it does for the rest of us, in the Freudian sense of providing a more palatable or convenient explanation, and there are so many subjects about which we should not be reasonable.
P.S. Baber, Cassie Draws the Universe|Good fiction doesn’t claim to mirror reality at all. It indicts reality by providing a paradigm of shape and order and justice—the way we all know things should be—without suggesting that’s how things really are. Good fiction is the mirage that declares itself a mirage, yet compels us to faith through its beauty. Good fiction is the dream that’s too good to be true, so perfect and symmetrical that it gives itself away every time. But it doesn’t trick you into suspending your disbelief by trying to look anything like reality. Good fiction makes you acutely, painfully aware of your disbelief, and makes you believe anyway. And when it’s done well—when it’s done right—good fiction is more real than reality.
Katherine P. Ewing|To rule out the possibility of belief in another's reality is to encapsulate that reality and, thus, to impose implicity the hegemony of one's own view of the world.
Toba Beta|In a reality known as the garden of beautiful eden, Adam is dreaming about his sinful children on earth.He is struggling to wake up from a terrible nightmare.
Saket Assertive|Jokes are hilarious only when you take them unreal and dreamlike, otherwise it becomes painful. So I always live otherworldly...
Elan Mastai, All Our Wrong Todays|The truth is, there are no alternate realities. At least not the way Penny describes them. Maybe an infinite multiverse is born from every action, whether it’s two atoms colliding or two people. Maybe reality is constantly fluctuating around us, but our senses aren’t equipped to detect those quantum variations. Maybe that’s what our senses are, an ungainly organic sieve through which the chaos of existence is filtered into something manageable enough that you can get out of bed in the morning . Maybe the totality of what we perceive with our senses is as clumsy a portrait of reality as a child’s chalk drawing on a sidewalk compared to the face of the woman you’re already falling in love with lying next to you in a mess of sheets and blankets, her lips still pursed as they pull away from your mouth.
Gordon MacKenzie, Orbiting the Giant Hairball: A Corporate Fool's Guide to Surviving with Grace|Being infinite, the whole of reality is too much for the conscious human mind to grasp. The best any one of us can do is to take the biggest slice of Infinite Reality we can hold - intellectually, spiritually, and emotionally - and make that slice our personal sense of what is real. But no matter how broad it is, any human perception of reality can be no more than a tiny sliver of Infinite Reality.Civilization also has a limited perception of Infinite Reality. And with a haughty self-assurance, it imposes that perception on us until we think it is our own.
Huxley, Aldous, Brave New World|And if ever, by some unlucky chance, anything unpleasant should somehow happen, why, there's always soma to give you a holiday from the facts. And there's always soma to calm your anger, to reconcile you to your enemies, to make you patient and long-suffering. In the past you could only accomplish these things by making a great effort and after years of hard moral training. Now, you swallow two or three half-gramme tablets, and there you are. Anybody can be virtuous now. You can carry at least half your morality about in a bottle. Christianity without tears–that's what soma is.
Edward Averett, Cameron and the Girls|Well, what's reality, then? Is it what I think or what other people think?
Kasie West, Lucky in Love|Sometimes regardless of what we want, reality takes over.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|There is but one reality, that is true -- but the two of you experience it in slightly different ways. The older you get, I should think, the more you will come to understand that the universe is very much a looking glass, Miss Lancaster.
Roland Barthes|I experience reality as a system of power. Coluche, the restaurant, the painter, Rome on a holiday, everything imposes on me its system of being; everyone is *badly behaved*. Isn't their impoliteness merely a *plenitude*? The world is full, plenitude is its system, and as a final offense this system is presented as a "nature" with which I must sustain good relations: in order to be "normal" (exempt from love)..."—from_A Lover's Discourse: Fragments_
Jane Austen, MANSFIELD PARK By Jane Austen (illustrated) Original Version: 1814 (illustrated) Original Version By Jane Austen|I do not know where the error lies. I do not pretend to set people right, but I do see they are often wrong.
Harrish Sairaman|If you keep seeing events and others through your existing lens you would miss out on the new possibility. Sometimes, reality!!!
Anthony Horowitz, Magpie Murders|Much later that night, I thought the door opened and a man came into the bedroom. He was leaning on a stick. He didn't say anything but he stood there, looking sadly at Andreas and me, and as a shaft of moonlight came slanting in through the window, I recognized Atticus Pünd. I was asleep, of course, and dreaming, but I remember wondering how he had managed to enter my world before the thought occurred to me that maybe it was I who had entered his.
Marty Rubin|This may not be the best of all possible worlds, but it's the only real one.
Moonshine Noire|All suffer and none should have to. But why not? If suffering makes life seem more real or more abstract, both circumstances are infinitely more bearable than the disturbing reality of mundane work-to-live-then-die-bored life.
David Banner|Being a visionary is a blessing and a curse, you're blessed to see things other people are not able to see but you are cursed to sit in it alone
Democritus|By convention sweet and by convention bitter, by convention hot, by convention cold, by convention color; but in reality atoms and void.
Ryan Galloway, Biome|But when you’re a kid, it isn’t chaos. It’s just a heartbeat. Your house isn’t floating through space, it sits on the ground. Once you get old enough you start to see that color is just paint and doors are just wood. Then, at some point, that feeling of home vanishes entirely. And… that’s what I fear. That nothing will ever make me feel like I’m safe again. That once you leave home, you never get it back.
Emory R. Frie, Wonderland|They call what we went through a problem, an experience, a dream… but we know that it’s much more than that.
C.B. Lee, Not Your Sidekick|Maybe Jess was caught up with these ridiculous, impossible ideas because it meant she never had to try for something real.
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|What happens when you die? Well, we're not completely sure. But the evidence seems to suggest that nothing happens. You're just dead, your brain stops working, and then you're not around to ask annoying questions anymore. Those stories you heard? About going to a wonderful place called 'heaven' where there is no pain or death and you live forever in a state of perpetual happiness? Also total bullshit. Just like all that God stuff. There's no evidence of a heaven and there never was. We made that up too. Wishful thinking. So now you have to live the rest of your life knowing you're going to die someday and disappear forever.Sorry.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|We do not content ourselves with the life we have in ourselves and in our own being; we desire to live an imaginary life in the mind of others, and for this purpose we endeavour to shine. We labour unceasingly to adorn and preserve this imaginary existence, and neglect the real. And if we possess calmness, or generosity, or truthfulness, we are eager to make it known, so as to attach these virtues to that imaginary existence. We would rather separate them from ourselves to join them to it; and we would willingly be cowards in order to acquire the reputation of being brave. A great proof of the nothingness of our being, not to be satisfied with the one without the other, and to renounce the one for the other! For he would be infamous who would not die to preserve his honour.
Michio Kaku, Parallel Worlds: A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions, and the Future of the Cosmos|It from bit. It’s an unorthodox theory, which starts with the assumption that information is at the root of all existence. When we look at the moon, a galaxy, or an atom, their essence, he claims, is in the information stored within them. But this information sprang into existence when the universe observed itself. He draws a circular diagram, representing the history of the universe. At the beginning of the universe, it sprang into being because it was observed. This means that “it” (matter in the universe) sprang into existence when information (“bit”) of the universe was observed. He calls this the “participatory universe”—the idea that the universe adapts to us in the same way that we adapt to the universe, that our very presence makes the universe possible.
Bharath Mamidoju|Life is all about Expectations verses Reality, be in reality.
Charles Bukowski|...they would say 'he said this, he did that', but they would never say 'she said this, she did that'. So I would say, they are sick, and I am well. Pardon me.
Michio Kaku, Parallel Worlds: A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions, and the Future of the Cosmos|To resolve the discrepancy between waves of probability and our commonsense notion of existence, Bohr and Heisenberg assumed that after a measurement is made by an outside observer, the wave function magically “collapses,” and the electron falls into a definitestate—that is, after looking at the tree, we see that it is truly standing. In other words, the process of observation determines the final state of the electron. Observation is vital to existence.
Michio Kaku, Parallel Worlds: A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions, and the Future of the Cosmos|Before an observation is made, an object exists in all possible states simultaneously. To determine which state the object is in, we have to make an observation, which “collapses” the wave function, and the object goes into a definite state. The act of observation destroys the wave function, and the object now assumesa definite reality.
Michio Kaku, Parallel Worlds: A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions, and the Future of the Cosmos|But if I make an observation, what is to determine which state I am in? This means that someone else has to observe me to collapse my wave function.
Andrei Linde|For me as a human being, I do not know any sense in which I could claim that the universe is here in the absence of observers. We are together, the universe and us. The moment you say that the universe exists without any observers, I cannot make any sense out of that. I cannot imagine a consistent theory of everything that ignores consciousness. A recording device cannot play the role of an observer, because who will read what is written on this recording device. In order for us to see that something happens, and say to one another that something happens, you need to have a universe, you need to have a recording device, and you need to have us . . . In the absence of observers, our universe is dead.
Robert Penn Warren, A Place to Come To|I know nothing I’m doing is important,' he said. 'Sure, I’m just a waste product of history. Maybe nothing I’m doing is even real, after all. But I was born right here, in this old house, and I look out the window and know what I’m seeing, and I know some people I like to be with, and I like what I do all day long, and maybe that’s all that realness is, anyway
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Nevertheless, by dint of his personality and controlling instincts, Jobs was soon playing a stronger role. He spewed out a stream of ideas - some reasonable, others wacky - about what Pixar's hardware and software could become. And on his occasional visits to the PIxar offices, he was an inspiring presence. "I grew up a Southern Baptist, and we had revival meetings with mesmerizing but corrupt preachers," recounted Alvy Ray Smith. "Steve's got it: the power of the tongue and the web of words that catches people up. We were aware of this when we had board meetings, so we developed signals - nose scratching or ear tugs - for when someone had been caught up in Steve's distortion field and he needed to be tugged back to reality.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To be ignorant of the sacrifices of others that yielded the blessings I enjoy leaves me exchanging the reality of 'blessing' for the assumption of 'entitlement.' And once that happens, I will forfeit the reality of the former which will destroy the assumption of the latter. And in what terribly dark place will that now leave me?
Lauren   Miller, All Things New|We see what we want to see, what we expect to see, instead of what's really there. I don't think we do it on purpose, most of the time. We just get kind of stuck. We start thinking that the way things are is the way they'll always be. But that's not true. It can't be true. Because the world is never still.
Robert Aickman, The Wine-Dark Sea|Enchanted islands are hard to understand,' he said. 'I've always thought that. It worried me even as a child. The trouble is that you can never be sure where the enchantment begins and where it ends.
Clarice Lispector|I carry out sun rituals on the slopes of high mountains. But I am also taboo for myself, untouchable because forbidden.
Ahmed Mostafa|It's the geek who gets the girl, not the jock.
Johannes Kepler|Sky-bound was the mind, Earth-bound the body rests
Terry Pratchett, Nation|Reality so often fails when it comes to small, satisfying details, she thought.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|Maybe the world isn't enough, or maybe the distinction between the world and fiction is not so clear. Fiction is made from the stuff of the world, after all, which includes dreams and wishes and fantasies and memory. And it is never really made alone, but from the material between and among us: language.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|Did your parents care that he was white?""They never met him." I couldn't imagine taking him to meet my dad. Watching them talk to each other would've been tortuous. Also, I never wanted him to see how small our apartment was. In the end, I guess I really didn't want him to know me.With Daniel, it's different somehow. I want him to see all of me.
Ernst Jentsch, Zur Psychologie des Unheimlichen|In telling a story one of the most successful devices for easily creating uncanny effects is to leave the reader in uncertainty whether a particular figure in the story is a human being or an automaton and to do it in such a way that his attention is not focused directly upon his uncertainty, so that he may not be led to go into the matter and clear it up immediately.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|Fiction isn't bad. It is vital. Without commonly accepted stories about things like money, states or corporations, no complex human society can function. We can't play football unless everyone believes in the same made-up rules, and we can't enjoy the benefits of markets and courts without similar make-believe stories. But the stories are just tools. They should not become our goals or yardsticks. When we forget that they are mere fiction, we lose touch with reality.
Oli Anderson, Dialogue / Ego - Real Communication|Practicing dialogue helps you to cultivate a realness that allows you to face reality on its own terms, not just the terms you’d like it to have in order to remain in your comfort zone.
Oli Anderson, Dialogue / Ego - Real Communication|When people challenge your ideas, they help you (whether they know it or not).
James Qualls, A Gathering of Dreams|If you doubt your sanity, is that proof?
Oli Anderson, Dialogue / Ego - Real Communication|Dialogue teaches you to listen through your emotions, not to become distracted or distanced from the truth because of them.
sivaprakash Sidhu, SivaprakashG, Sidhu, Sivasidhug|Be real! Fake and phony people never grow.." - Sivaprakash Sidhu
Matthew D. Lieberman|Psychologically, our reality derives from the stories we tell ourselves, at least the ones we believe.
Carol Lee, To Die For|I think maybe they come out into the grounds in nightwear. But no, in typical anorexic stype they have read the fashion magazines literally. This is their version of thin girls in strappy clothes.The girl in the petticoat talks to me, as Emma has done on occsasion, in a rather grand style, as if she is a 'lady' of some substance and I a visiting guest.Do they chat much about clothes? I ask Emma in the car.She shakes her head.So, does she, Emma, see the difference between underwear or nightwear and 'going out' clothes?'Yes,' she says, her voices strained again. 'But it's one of the things you don't know properly when you're ill and confused. You see these pictures and the people in the magazines are real for you.
Oli Anderson, Dialogue / Ego - Real Communication|Dialogue is about creating awareness through self-observation; it starts from the inside out, not the outside in.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|... he had always wondered why the sensations one felt in dreamas were so much more intense than anything one could experience in waking reality—why the horror was so total and the ecstacy so complete—and what was that extra quality which could never be recaptured afterward; the quality of what he felt when he walked down a path through tangled green leaves in a dream, in an air full of expectation, of causeless, utter rapture—and when he awakened he could not explain it, it had just been a path through some woods.
Brandi Gomez, No War Is Anyone's War|I've longed for you so, while my connection to the rest of reality has torn. It is that you have lost me. And I have lost you, longing for more than my enough.
Iain M. Banks, Surface Detail|The trick, he supposed, was never to lose sight of the theoretical possibility while not for a moment taking the idea remotely seriously.
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing|Let each man say what he deems truth, and let truth itself be commended unto God.
Oli Anderson, Dialogue / Ego - Real Communication|Dialogue is an opportunity for people to communicate from outside the limitations of their points of view. When we enter a circle of dialogue, there are no labels, only human beings.
Irfa Rahat|I neither revenge nor forgive, I just choose to ignore.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|At times, reality is love’s great challenge. When our old stories and dreams are shattered, our first instinct may be to resist, deny, or cling to the way things were. But if we loosen our grip, often what fills the space is a tender forgiveness and the potential for a new and different kind of love.
Jayson Engay|It's not about what you're going to say, but it's about what you're going to do about it.
I are|Imagination is more important than knowledge”, with due respect to Mr. Einstein, I beg to differ! “Imagination is not possible without knowledge.
Romain Gary, White Dog|An unbearable reality, combined with the impossibility to change it, tends to lead to abstractions for abstraction's sake, and unreality becomes more realistic than reality itself, more true, more convincing, simply because it looks at you with the eyes of justice.
Mark W Boyer|There is no such thing as, "I trust you a little or I trust you a lot." You either trust, or you do not.
Ivanka Trump|Perception is more important than reality. If someone perceives something to be true, it is more important than if it is in fact true.
J. Limbu, Anemone: The Windflower|I would dream of a place, a place to shelter all my madness.
Shashi Tharoor, Riot|Truth is elusive, subtle, manysided. You know, Priscilla, there’s an old Hindu story about Truth. It seems a brash young warrior sought the hand of a beautiful princess. Her father, the king, thought he was a bit too cocksure and callow. He decreed that the warrior could only marry the princess after he had found Truth. So the warrior set out into the world on a quest for Truth. He went to temples and monasteries, to mountaintops where sages meditated, to remote forests where ascetics scourged themselves, but nowhere could he find Truth. Despairing one day and seeking shelter from a thunderstorm, he took refuge in a musty cave. There was an old crone there, a hag with matted hair and warts on her face, the skin hanging loose from her bony limbs, her teeth yellow and rotting, her breath malodorous. But as he spoke to her, with each question she answered, he realized he had come to the end of his journey: she was Truth. They spoke all night, and when the storm cleared, the warrior told her he had fulfilled his quest. ‘Now that I have found Truth,’ he said, ‘what shall I tell them at the palace about you?’ The wizened old creature smiled. ‘Tell them,’ she said, ‘tell them that I am young and beautiful.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|In reality, love is fluid; it’s a verb, not a noun.
Irfa Rahat|We always talk about our feelings, neglecting the important matters that have to be look over.
Nanette Mathews|Where our thoughts dwell, so becomes our reality. Choose wisely!
Anaxagoras|And since the portions of both the large and the small are equal in amount, in this way too all things would be in everything; nor can they be separate, but all things have a portion of everything. Since there cannot be a smallest, nothing can be separated or come to be by itself, but as in the beginning now too all things are together. But in all things there are many things, equal in amount, both in the larger and the smaller of the things being separated off.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|When we use words like biophotonic matrix, we rarely consider a word can be a reality in itself...
Elan Mastai, All Our Wrong Todays|We imagine all these postapocalyptic, class-stratified, new-world-order techno-futures. But actually the real world, the world we live in, this is the dystopia.
Marcus Aurelius|How good it is when you have roast meat or suchlike foods before you, to impress on your mind that this is the dead body of a fish, this is the dead body of a bird or pig; and again, that the Falernian wine is the mere juice of grapes, and your purple edged robe simply the hair of a sheep soaked in shell-fish blood!And in sexual intercourse that it is no more than the friction of a membrane and a spurt of mucus ejected. How good these perceptions are at getting to the heart of the real thing and penetrating through it, so you can see it for what it is!This should be your practice throughout all your life: when things have such a plausible appearance, show them naked, see their shoddiness, strip away their own boastful account of themselves.Vanity is the greatest seducer of reason: when you are most convinced that your work is important, that is when you are most under its spell.
Sunday Adelaja|Immerse yourself into self-development, realization of potential and establishing yourself as real person and personality
Ashbeel Roy|The bright the light is, the darker the shadows are.
Eraldo Banovac|In reality, commissions rarely solve complicated problems. Therefore, the following question arises: what is worse – to establish a commission knowing it cannot solve a complicated problem, or to believe that the commission will truly solve such a problem?
Sunday Adelaja|Then, without postponing anything, build a structure that will allow you to transform this vision into reality
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Principle of Oneness: A Practical Guide to Experiencing the Profound Unity of Everything|On a subatomic level, it is not possible to determine where anything begins or ends, because there is no true separation of individual energy despite the illusions of the physical realities.
Keith Buckley, Scale: A Novel|If one is fooled by magic, then isn't the magic as good as real?
Robert Vanleeuwen, Among Wolves'|It doesn't matter which line you walk, it's gray just like any other
Robert Vanleeuwen|There is no victor in life - for it is a game of expression, not of greed.
Hannah Arendt, Crises of the Republic: Lying in Politics, Civil Disobedience, On Violence, and Thoughts on Politics and Revolution|Just as terror, even in its pre-total, merely tyrannical form ruins all relationships between men, so the self-compulsion of ideological thinking ruins all relationships with reality. The preparation has succeeded when people have lost contact with their fellow men as well as the reality around them; for together with these contacts, men lose the capacity of both experience and thought. The ideal subject of totalitarian rule is not the convinced Nazi or the convinced Communist, but people for whom the distinction between fact and fiction (i.e., the reality of experience) and the distinction between true and false (i.e., the standards of thought) no longer exist.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Human beings intuitively divide time into the past, the present, and the future. We perceive the past as immutable and fixed, the present as reflecting actuality, and the future as undefined and nebulous. As time passes, the moment that was once was part of the present becomes part of the past; and a moment of the heretofore previously unrealized future arrives and becomes the new present. The past is a record, the present is real, and the future is an imaginary thought.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Principle of Oneness: A Practical Guide to Experiencing the Profound Unity of Everything|Based upon quantum mechanics, our physical reality should not be solid. Most likely our physical reality is an elaborate illusion within our own consciousness and the collective consciousness of the Universe/God.
Elena Ferrante, The Story of the Lost Child|Perhaps Lila was right: my book—even though it was having so much success—really was bad, and this was because it was well organized, because it was written with obsessive care, because I hadn’t been able to imitate the disjointed, unaesthetic, illogical, shapeless banality of things.
Freda Briggs|Although there are more than six million documents on the Internet addressing the issue of ritual abuse, few take as fair and comprehensive approach as this; many of the writings deny the existence of ritual abuse despite masses of evidence to the contrary. As a consequence, some victims are persistently re-abused psychologically by having to deal with the fact that organised abusers, their defenders and even police refute their realities and dismiss their reports as fantasy or mental illness. - Ritual Abuse & Torture in Australia (introduction)
Echo Bliss|If you're thinking about it, then stop. Because it could be the reason you're having a tough day.
Why The Lucky Stiff, CLOSURE|Reality's kind of a medium, maybe greater than paper. We all want life to have the same texture that we read about in novels.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Different creatures have different eyes. Human eyes (unlike, say, a cat's eyes, or an octopus's) are only made to see one version of reality at a time.
R.A.Delmonico|Everything is fields, and a particle is just a smaller version of a field.There is a harmonic relationship involved.Disturbing ideas like those of Einstein in 1905 and Feynman Pocono Conference in 1948.Here we go;1) The universe is ringing like a bell. Neil Turok's Public Lecture: The Astonishing Simplicity of Everything.2) The stuff of the universe is waves or fields.3) Scale is relative, not fixed because all of these waves are ratios of one another.4) The geometry is fractal. This could be physical or computational.5) If the geometry is computational then, there is no point in speaking about the relationship of the pixels on the display.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|Like most modern people, we no longer bothered to make the distinction between events in real life and the dramas of fictional worlds, and so the cliff-hanger that inevitably, reliably ended the hour held just as much or more importance to us as the newspaper that usually went from doorstep to garbage bin unread, and we speculated about the future lives of the characters that populated decayed mansions or desert isles as if they weren't inventions of other human minds.
Himmilicious|Whilst passing by the lane where the nests of concubines rested, I saw a little temple.Somebody lit the lamp in prayer. I couldn't decide to bow down to the temple or not to stop there and walk away.Never heard if odalisques have gods too... if yes,are they as pure as ours?
Stanley Victor Paskavich|when I was a kid I use to put a puzzle together over and over until I got really good at it so one day I turned all the pieces upside down and built it, then I understood the true nature of the puzzle
Akshay Vasu|Love is the only thing in this whole universe, that can make the roses grow out of the swords.
Russell Brand, Revolution|The world is awash with colours unseen and abuzz with unheard frequencies. Undetected and disregarded. The wise have always known that these inaccessible realms, these dimensions that cannot be breached by our beautifully blunt senses, hold the very codes to our existence, the invisible, electromagnetic foundations upon which our gross reality clumsily rests.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|The radiance of that which wants to be born illuminates the shadows, bringing them into the light of awareness that they may be healed.
Shirley Jackson, Colloquy|Mrs. Arnold," the doctor said, coming around the desk, "we're not going to help things any this way.""What is going to help?" Mrs. Arnold said. "Is everyone really crazy but me?""Mrs. Arnold," the doctor said severely, "I want you to get hold of yourself. In a disoriented world like ours today, alienation from reality frequently--""Disoriented," Mrs. Arnold said. She stood up. "Alienation," she said. "Reality." Before the doctor could stop her she walked to the door and opened it. "Reality," she said, and went out.
Frederick Marryat, The Pirate|Young ladies ... who fall in love, never consider whether there is sufficient "to make the pot boil" - probably because young ladies in love lose their appetites, and, not feeling inclined to eat at that time, they imagine that love will always supply the want of food.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If truth is relative, then it’s cousin is anarchy.
Brandy Nacole, Deep in the Hollow|Tyler shrugs. "It's a big world, Jo. Who am I to say what is and isn't possible?
Lucas Carlson, Finding Success in Failure: True Confessions From 10 Years of Startup Mistakes|Your past can either cripple you or empower you. You choose. You can let your feelings of inadequacy, guilt, and shame keep you working jobs that suck your soul. Or you can go out and, with a little luck and guidance, write a new story of your life. It can be post-traumatic stress or it can be post-traumatic growth that defines you. You know as well as I do that in reality you don’t have a choice. You know as well as I do that in reality you don’t have a choice. Your skeletons chase you no matter where you hide. It’s about time to find your inner strength to pull through and make something of yourself.
Ladislav Sukovský|In my mind, I rebuild this world hundred times.
Thomas Metzinger, The Ego Tunnel: The Science of the Mind and the Myth of the Self|However, questions arise. Are there people who aren't naive realists, or special situations in which naive realism disappears? My theory—the self-model theory of subjectivity—predicts that as soon as a conscious representation becomes opaque (that is, as soon as we experience it as a representation), we lose naive realism. Consciousness without naive realism does exist. This happens whenever, with the help of other, second-order representations, we become aware of the construction process—of all the ambiguities and dynamical stages preceding the stable state that emerges at the end. When the window is dirty or cracked, we immediately realize that conscious perception is only an interface, and we become aware of the medium itself. We doubt that our sensory organs are working properly. We doubt the existence of whatever it is we are seeing or feeling, and we realize that the medium itself is fallible. In short, if the book in your hands lost its transparency, you would experience it as a state of your mind rather than as an element of the outside world. You would immediately doubt its independent existence. It would be more like a book-thought than a book-perception. Precisely this happens in various situations—for example, In visual hallucinations during which the patient is aware of hallucinating, or in ordinary optical illusions when we suddenly become aware that we are not in immediate contact with reality. Normally, such experiences make us think something is wrong with our eyes. If you could consciously experience earlier processing stages of the representation of the book In your hands, the image would probably become unstable and ambiguous; it would start to breathe and move slightly. Its surface would become iridescent, shining in different colors at the same time. Immediately you would ask yourself whether this could be a dream, whether there was something wrong with your eyes, whether someone had mixed a potent hallucinogen into your drink. A segment of the wall of the Ego Tunnel would have lost its transparency, and the self-constructed nature of the overall flow of experience would dawn on you. In a nonconceptual and entirely nontheoretical way, you would suddenly gain a deeper understanding of the fact that this world, at this very moment, only appears to you.
Noam Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival: America's Quest for Global Dominance|The missile crisis "was the most dangerous moment in human history," Arthur Schlesinger commented in October 2002 at a conference in Havana on the fortieth anniversary of the crisis, attended by a number of those who witnessed it from within as it unfolded. Desision-makers at the time undoubtedly understood that the fate of the world was in their hands. Nevertheless, attendees at the conference may have been shocked by some of the revelations. They were informed that in October 1962 the world was "one word away" from nuclear war. "A guy named Arkhipov saved the world," said Thomas Blanton of the National Security Archive in Washington, which helped organize the event. He was referring to Vasil Arkhipov, a Soviet submarine officer blocked an order to fire nuclear-armed toredoes in October 27, at the tensest moment of the crisis, when te submarines were under attack bu US destroyers, A devastating response would have been a near certainty, leading a major war. Pg 74, Penguin Publication
Min Kim|People believe in everything, except the reality.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|We think that we are living when we walk upon the earth but the very moment we “die” there, we wake up here! This life on the other side of the Rainbow Bridge is the real one. We find that our life on earth was just a dream, a dream designed to lead us further and further into love. True love grows and then cannot be destroyed. It grows and grows until it is stronger than death.
Ehsan Sehgal|The reality waves itself an assertion as the rose its fragrance; it doesn't require verifiability of it. Indeed, the weak and ignorant minds need that.
Peter Akinti, Forest Gate: A Novel|Life was complicated, I thought. Not just the living but dealing with the realities and the instinct for order that other people have, that I didn't always grasp.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|Language and reality are kept strictly apart—reality is tough, unyielding stuff, and it doesn’t care what you think or feel or say about it. Or it shouldn’t.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|She drank the glass with breakfast and poured herself another. By the time she'd gotten Sean off to school (second grade) the edges had been taken off her thoughts and the world seemed as it should be: not too real, but real enough.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Our perspective equals our reality, tweak the perspective and you tweak your reality.
Leonardo Sciascia, To Each His Own|Reality is always richer, more unpredictable than our deductions
Douglas Adams|...just because you see something, it doesn’t mean to say it’s there. And if you don’t see something, it doesn’t mean to say it’s not there. It’s only what your senses bring to your attention.
Shreeja Manandhar|If only people could understand me,And know how I want to live.Trust me, there would be a real smile on my face,Rather than slightly curvy lips.
Rivka Galchen, Atmospheric Disturbances|I wonder if I talk like a dead man. My daughter once came home from school very excited about some lecture -this was years ago, before I died, though just right before- and she said her English teacher had talked about what the dead sound like in Dante. This funny thing about Dante's dead, which is that they know the past, and even the future, but they don't know the present. About the present they have all these questions for Dante. And that somehow is what being alive is, to be suspended in the time. She seemed to feel that really meant something. That and also that the dead know themselves better than the living do.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|At times, Melete continued, it had seemed to her that this fact was what had created this behavior. Her sense of reality, in other words, had created something outside itself that mocked and hated her. But as I say, she said, those thoughts belong to the world of religious sensibility, which has become in our times the language of neurosis.
Sulaiman Sait, THE BLIND TRIAL|His mind was constantly thinking about her, while he decided to recite a poem that he had written for her long ago. While he narrated, the words conjured memories like ghosts into the room.
Keturah Lamb|I don't write to escape reality, but to show others how to better embrace it. ~ KAL
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|But what is real? In the Bible we are constantly being given glimpses of a reality quite different from that taught in school, even in Sunday school. And these glimpses are not given to the qualified; there's the marvel. It may be that the qualified feel no need of them.
Richard Morin, You Working with You: A Roadmap to Self Mastery|Nobody knows what it is like to be you, how can they? Choose your thoughts, words and actions and enjoy what is your life.
Erik Pevernagie|When fiction has become reality, life may turn into a fairy tale or a firestorm. Tina, time has come to pull up one’s socks and start relearning and reassessing living. ("Another empty room")
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Advanced Ryukyu Karate|True Martial Arts is universal, simple and practical. Anything else is too complex to be used in combat.
Italo Calvino, The Complete Cosmicomics|If one starts to draw comparisons between what is and what is not, it is the poorer qualities of the former that strike you, the impurities, the flaws; in short, you can only really feel safe with nothingness.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|In every walk of life, you do have the freedom to choose, but that freedom is based on the perception of the world and yourself which you have gained until that moment of life.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Mr. Beeblebrox, sir,' said the insect in awed wonder, 'you’re so weird you should be in movies.;'Yeah,' said Zaphod patting the thing on a glittering pink wing, 'and you, baby, should be in real life.' The insect paused for a moment
Craig D. Lounsbrough|No person, collection of people, institution, government or organization of any kind can in any way promise to meet all of my needs for no person, collection of people, institution, government or organization possesses the array of resources necessary to do that. And so, I am left with the reality that either there is a God who can meet all of my needs, or I’ve been stranded in an existence that created me with needs that the existence itself cannot meet.
Joyce Carol Oates, Beasts|Dominique (who, like other Catamount girls, had a cache of pills for every occasion) offered me a bennie- Benzedrine?- to elevate my spirits. Adamantly I told her, No thanks! I wanted to face what's called reality with my eyes open.I've made that a principle for my life. Sometimes I wonder if this has been a wise decision.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|I clap because I know what will happen when I stop. It's the same thing that happens when I turn off a really good movie - one that I've lost myself to - which is that I'll be thrown back to my own reality and something hollow will settle in my chest. Sometimes, I'll watch a movie all over again just to recapture that feeling of being inside something real. Which, I know, doesn't make any sense.
Moonshine Noire|The locals died and shrivelled with the autumnal leaves as their plastic, seasonal smiles faded with the last of the holidaymakers.
Moonshine Noire|...few truly understood how disheartening it was to be cut off from worlds so strange and distant they remained to us fantasies rather than distant realities, too surreal and foreign to be touched. Their minds were fixated on what they knew to be real, unable to create the atmospheres of the nebulous realms that lay just beyond our reach, just beyond the dimming horizon, our celestial limits.
Roshan Sharma|The sensation that allows you to experience the physical reality, when detached from the physical body allows you to realize life beyond the physical reality.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|You are not even seeing most of what's going on in the universe. On top of that, your brain filters out much of what it receives from the environment. So that what you are consciously aware of is only a fractional representation of your universe.
Roshan Sharma|In the external reality, an action is required for the manifestation, but in the internal reality, all you need is your presence. Just with the inner presence, things begin to unfold.
Ika Natassa, The Architecture of Love|People say that Paris is the city of love, but for me, New York deserves the title more. It's impossible not to fall in love with the city like it's almost impossible not to fall in love in the city.
Tony Warrick|Everything you perceive, externally, is the manifestation of some internal part of you. If it was not, it would not be present in your perceived reality.
H.P. Lovecraft|There is in certain ancient things a traceOf some dim essence --More than form or weight;A tenuous aether, indeterminate,Yet linked with all the laws of time and space.A faint, veiled sign of continuitiesThat outward eyes can never quite descry;Of locked dimensions harboring years gone by,And out of reach except for hidden keys.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Disappointment focuses on ‘what is not,’ and completely misses the far greater reality of ‘what now is.
Marcelo Gleiser, The Dancing Universe: From Creation Myths to the Big Bang|There were no witnesses to what was about to happen. 'Happen' didn't yet exist. Reality was timeless. Space also didn't exist. The distance between two points was immeasurable. The points themselves could be anywhere, hovering and bouncing. Infinity tangled into itself. There was no here and now. Only Being.
Franz Kafka, The Complete Stories|Concerning this a man once said:Why such reluctance? If you only followed the parablesyou yourselves would become parables and with that rid of all your daily cares.Another said: I bet that is also a parable.The first said: You have won.The second said: But unfortunately only in parable.The first said: No, in reality; in parable you have lost.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|Do you ever wonder whether people would like you more or less if they could see inside you? I mean, I've always felt like the Katherines dump me right when they start to see what I look like from the inside.
Cathy O'Neil, Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy|The privileged, we’ll see time and again, are processed more by people, the masses by machines.
Albert Einstein|If you wish to learn from the theoretical physicist anything about the methods which he uses, I would give you the following piece of advice: Don't listen to his words, examine his achievements. For to the discoverer in that field, the constructions of his imagination appear so necessary and so natural that he is apt to treat them not as the creations of his thoughts but as given realities.
Paul  Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|... This is a major theme in mathematics: things are what you want them to be. You have endless choices; there is no reality to get in your way.On the other hand, once you have made your choices then your new creations do what they do, whether you like it or not. This is the amazing thing about making imaginary patterns: they talk back!
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Mindset will change your reality and destination. Are you ready? If yes, start THINKING victory. Trust me - you will win.
George Orwell, 1984|Reality only exerts its pressure through the needs of everyday life - the need to eat and drink, to get shelter and clothing, to avoid swallowing poison or stepping out of top-storey windows, and the like.
Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel|I also think of those daily slaughters along the highways, of that death that is as horrible as it is banal and that bears no resemblance to cancer or AIDS because, as the work not of nature but of man, it is an almost voluntary death. How can it be that such a death fails to dumbfound us, to turn our lives upside down, to incite us to vast reforms? No, it does not dumbfound us, because like Pasenow, we have a poor sense of the real, and in the sur-real sphere of symbols, this death in the guise of a handsome car actually represents life; this smiling death is con-fused with modernity, freedom, adventure, just as Elisabeth was con-fused with the Virgin. This death of a man condemned to capital punishment, though infinitely rarer, much more readily draws our attention, rouses passions: confounded with the image of the executioner, it has a symbolic voltage that is far stronger, far darker and more repellent. Et cetera.Man is a child wandering lost—to cite Baudelaire`s poem again—in the "forests of symbols."(The criterion of maturity: the ability to resist symbols. But mankind grows younger all the time.)
Godfrey Reggio|By any measure, we live in an extraordinary and extreme time. Language can no longer describe the world in which we live. With antique ideas and old formulas, we continue to describe a world that is no longer present. In this loss of language, the word gives way to the image as the 'language' of exchange, in which critical thought disappears to a diabolic regime of conformity - the hyper-real, the omnipresent image. Language, real place gives way to numerical code, the real virtual; metaphor to metamorphosis; body to disembodiment; natural to supernatural; many to one. Mystery disappears, replaced by the illusion of certainty in technological perfection.
Criss Jami|...And maybe one day you will wake up as an infant in a completely different universe, and your entire life thus far was just one big dream.
Aleister Crowley|Each being is, exactly as you are, the sole centre of a Universe in no wise identical with, or even assimilable to, your own. The impersonal Universe of Nature is only an abstraction, approximately true, of the factors which it is convenient to regard as common to all. The Universe of another is therefore necessarily unknown to, and unknowable by, you; but it induces currents of energy in yours by determining in part your reactions. Use men and women, therefore, with the absolute respect due to inviolable standards of measurement; verify your own observations by comparison with similar judgements made by them; and, studying the methods which determine their failure or success, acquire for yourself the wit and skill required to cope with your own problems.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|Some say your whole life appears before you like a TV when someone is about to shoot you, but the reality is you barely have any brain control beyond thinking about the muzzle and the finger on the trigger.
Kemi Sogunle|Every time you mistreat someone, you reveal the part of you that lacks love and needs to heal.
Graham Swift, Mothering Sunday|So what was it then exactly, this truth-telling? ... It was about being true to the very stuff of life, it was about trying to capture, though you never could, the very feel of being alive. It was about finding a language. And it was about being true to the fact, the one thing only followed from the other, that many things in life —of so many more than we think—can never be explained at all.
Na'ama Yehuda, Emilia|Men who hit do so because they can...someplace they enjoy or need to humiliate another. There is no love in violence, only control and domination.
James Rhodes, Instrumental: A Memoir of Madness, Medication, and Music|I was used, fucked, broken, toyed with and violated from the age of six.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The impeccable watchmaker geared the noble self to suffer. The ineluctable part of being human is perpetual sorrow, grief, and misery. Suffering is part of living. Life begins joyously and regretfully ends in tragedy. The cold realities of the world triumphantly crush each one of us. Between birth and death is comedic conjugation, the haunting prelude to the end of the self.
Jamie Whyte, Crimes Against Logic: Exposing the Bogus Arguments of Politicians, Priests, Journalists, and Other Serial Offenders|People will hold an opinion because they want to keep the company of others who share the opinion, or because they think it is the respectable opinion, or because they have publicly expressed the opinion in the past and would be embarrassed by a “U-turn,” or because the world would suit them better if the opinion were true, or . . . Perhaps it is better to get on with your family and friends, to avoid embarrassment, or to comfort yourself with fantasies than to believe the truth. But those who approach matters in this way should give up any pretensions to intellectual seriousness. They are not genuinely interested in reality.
Maggie MacLure|difference, distance, absence and seperation lie 'at the heart' of meaning, being and reality
James Kennedy|Barry Schlenker’s self-identity theory (1982) asserts that self-presentation is an attempt to control information about your identity before real or imagined audiences—including yourself. People try to provide explanations of their own conduct; they try to construct an identity that is satisfying to themselves and that explains their behavior in a favorable light. One of the criteria of a good explanation is believability; that is, explanations must fit with existing knowledge. Schlenker argues that people are not motivated to attain cognitive consistency as an end in itself; rather, they need to provide a believable and self -beneficial account of their conduct, and consistency is a by-product of that. The need to provide explanations for your conduct results in the construction of an internally consistent view of reality.
Mario Puzo|Not to be rich, but to have money; to have money like a wall to put your back to, and then face the world.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Reality spilled out into the alley like water from an overfilled bowl - as sound, as smell, as image, as plea, as response.
Agatha Christie|Such nice people, the Hillingdons, though she's not really very easy to know, is she? I mean, she's always very pleasant and all that, but one never seems to get to know her better.'Miss Marple agreed thoughtfully. 'One never knows what she is thinking.''Perhaps that is just as well.''I beg your pardon?''Oh nothing really, only that I've always had the feeling that perhaps her thoughts might be rather disconcerting.
Jorge P. Guerrero|Sometimes, you need to downgrade your dreams to upgrade your reality.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|When one verse in life ends in ignominy, we can use the glimmering marvel of nature’s splendor and frayed edges culled from the black linen of past failures to write uncanny poems that give voice to the fissures in our hollow, reflective poetry that echoes our supple inner world of cherished dreams colliding with the serrated edges of savage realism.
Rosamunde Pilcher, Coming Home|She was always left feeling like a murderer. Because the messenger becomes the murderer. Until the fatal words are spoken, the loved one concerned is still alive, waking, sleeping, going about his business, making telephone calls, writing letters, going for walks, breathing, seeing. It was the telling that killed.
Taranpreet Singh|Talking to the Divine is possible when you have your knowledge, thoughts, mind & body in line, remembering God with every breath. In Sufism, it is called ‘Sama’. But in reality, it should be called ‘Self realization’, I think.
Mark Nepo, The Book of Awakening: Having the Life You Want by Being Present to the Life You Have|It’s like wearing gloves every time we touch something, and then, forgetting we chose to put them on, we complain that nothing feels quite real.
Akshay Vasu|Love me like today is the last day we can see stars in the sky, let us sleep under them and throw ourselves into the oblivion and never again reach out for reality.
Oscar Wilde, Teleny|Life at times loses its sense of reality; it appears to us like a weird, optical illusion - a phantasmagoric bubble that will disappear at the slightest breath.
Richard Powers, The Time of Our Singing|Our father knew more than any living person about the secret of time, except how to live in it. His time did not travel; it was a block of persisting nows.
Meg Rosoff, Jonathan Unleashed|How had he got here? Only a few minutes ago he'd been a kid, riding his bike to school, collecting comics, doing homework and watching TV. Over the years, a few trappings of adulthood had insinuated themselves into his life withoutmaking significant inroads. Real adult life seemed to exist over there, somewhere as distant and unreachable as Uranus. He had no idea how people crossed over to this place, or why - the demands of being grown up seemed exhausting. Look how I work all the time. See my silky girlfriend. Watch me exchange money for food. Admire my blood pressure.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every encounter with the external world presents a conflict with a person’s cherished inner world. How we resolve these ongoing boarder conflicts between reality and ideas results in tectonic shifts in our mental makeup, which influx we incorporate by responding to the never-ending chaos of a worldly life.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our exterior world affects our internal landscape, our inner world affects our interpretation of physical sense impressions, and the combination of emotions, thoughts, and physical sensations influences how we address reality.
Justin Bienvenue, Opium Warfare|A man sat down by a tree every day for 2 weeks. It was a beautiful Wisteria tree with purple flowers. Every day, around the same time, he would come to the park and sit by this tree. On the fourteenth day, he came to the park and approached the tree and as he sat down, he closed his eyes as he always did. Only this time when he opened them, the tree withered and died before him. The man then looked around and before he knew it, he had found that he never came to the tree at all, but was in an asylum the whole time.
Alyson Foster, God Is an Astronaut|The realization of such a thing cannot possibly be as beautiful as its imagining, of course.
Richie Norton|Ideas become reality. once you hit that reality, you get a new idea. it's a virtuous upward spiral. However, the majority are satisfied living within the idea of the reality instead of the reality of the idea.
John Connolly, The Reapers|As for dying, he didn't believe that he was frightened of it: the manner of it, perhaps, but not the fact of it. After all, he had reached an age where dying had started to become an objective reality instead of an abstract concept.
Erik Pevernagie|When the river of emotions bursts its banks and expectations go over the edges of reality, the brain creates hallucinations. Ringxiety-stricken people feel illusive vibrating alerts and hear phantom phone rings, since absence of ringing generates scaring emptiness and destroys their self-esteem. ("Kein Schwein ruft mich an" )
Salman Rushdie|Our lives teach us who we are." I have learned the hard way that when you permit anyone else's description of reality to supplant your own ... then you might as well be dead.
Jay Hosking, Three Years with the Rat|There are just some things that are outside of comprehension, even if we can quantify them. At some point, science becomes magic.
Chuck Klosterman|In Western culture, virtually everything is understood through the process of storytelling, often to the detriment of reality. When we recount history, we tend to use the life experience of one person — the “journey” of a particular “hero,” in the lingo of the mythologist Joseph Campbell — as a prism for understanding everything else.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|Since language produces meaning within an enclosed system, there is always a built-in untranslatability, which national languages began to deliberately pursue. The process added to the creation of an untranslatable "reality" that can be expresses only in a particular language. It also added to the discovery of untranslatable "truths.
R.A.Delmonico|If the universe is made of information then, we are moving from a state of profound truth to a state of meaningless gibberish.
R.A.Delmonico|The nature of reality is such that every sufficiently complex event is statistically impossible, they are all one time events. This is a dynamic of novelty and so anything stable is forced to fluctuate including meaning. When we measure a thing we may not see the dynamics as a consequence of resolution. This is because the holographic information field has a nested hierarchy of scale.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|He had come to find out that reality was more than a dream, much more than a dream!
Jorge Ramos|You have to show reality as it is, not as you wish it to be.
Agha Kousar|Do whatever you want, even spend time with any one or help any one. Don't keep any expectation that the person you are helping today he will give u same manner tomorrow. This expectation is one of the big obstacle between you and your success. Be independent, limited and love yourself. Enhance your personality instead of wasting time and energy by planning to take revenge. Because best revenge for your enemies is not their defeat but they will get defeat by your success
Paul Éluard|There is another world, but, it is in this one.
Brittany Cavallaro, A Study in Charlotte|Truth be told, I liked that blurriness. That line where reality and fiction jutted up against each other.
Robert M. Drake, Black Butterfly|There is nothing out here...it is all inside;it is all in my head.The things that happen do not existunless I give them meaning.To be able to define everythingis where my greatest weakness lies.To be able to feelis the madness I need to make senseof the things that strike me.People strike me,love strikes meand everything else moves mein such a waythat I could barely understand.I feel,and everything I feel is nothing;nothing but an extensionof the mindandof the heart I was born with.
Anton Chekhov, The Complete Short Stories of Anton Chekhov|In short, the man displayed a constant and insurmountable impulse to wrap himself in a covering, to make himself, so to speak, a case which would isolate him and protect him from external influences. Reality irritated him, frightened him, kept him in continual agitation, and, perhaps to justify his timidity, his aversion for the actual, he always praised the past and what had never existed; and even the classical languages which he taught were in reality for him goloshes and umbrellas in which he sheltered himself from real life.
Frank Herbert, Children of Dune|I realize that humans cannot bear very much reality. Most lives are a flight from selfhood. Most prefer the truths of the stable. You stick your heads into the stanchions and munch contentedly until you die. Others use you for their purposes. Not once do you live outside the stable to lift your head and be your own creature. Muad'Dib came to tell you about that. Without understanding his message, you cannot revere him!
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|There is no past and future for those who exist in the now. Live in the moment, today is the only reality.
Ashmita Acharya, The Beginning: The Tears of My Heart|True love doesn’t exist, for, love is always true. If it is not true, then it is not love at all.
Shashi, Songs of the Mist|When the time is right, you will find your space in universal design. That space is the reality of our consciousness; rest is layers upon layers of memories, desires, and insecurities of mind.
Rushabh Patel|Don't fall for the ones who say, I am always yours. They are liars, unfortunately humans too
Tara Estacaan|Beautiful Oneyou'll graspone dayjust how sufficientand goodyou are as you are. Title: SUFFICIENT, Tara Estacaan
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|Haida stopped and glanced at the clock on the wall. Then he looked at Tsukuru. He was, of course, Haida the son, but Haida the father has been the same age in his story, and so the two of them began to overlap in Tsukuru's mind. It was an odd sensation, as if the two distinct temporalities had blended into one. Maybe it wasn't the father who had experienced this, but the son. Maybe Haida was just relating it as if his father had experienced it, when in reality he was the one who had. Tsukuru couldn't shake this illusion.
Oli Anderson|I decided to give up meaningless sex, but then I remembered that everything is meaningless.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|People love you for what they want to see in you, not for what you are. That's a sad thing to learn.
Shannon L. Alder|Expectations are nothing more than the rules we set, in order to maintain our ego and self esteem. What we seek from others is often that fulfillment of what we believe we require for happiness. However, many of us will raise the requirements so high that we can't even reach them or better yet, realize that we could find that expectation met by our own introspection and action.
Osho, And The Flowers Showered Discourses On Zen|Don’t be an interpreter of reality, be a visionary. Don’t think about it, see it!
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|Men have nothing in common with me--there is no point of contact; they have foolish little feelings and foolish little vanities and impertinences and ambitions; their foolish little life is but a laugh, a sigh, and extinction; and they have no sense. Only the Moral Sense. I will show you what I mean. Here is a red spider, not so big as a pin's head. Can you imagine an elephant being interested in him-- caring whether he is happy or isn't, or whether he is wealthy or poor, whether his sweetheart returns his love or not, whether his mother is sick or well, whether he is looked up to in society or not, whether his enemies will smite him or his friends desert him, whether his hopes will suffer blight or his political ambitions fail, whether he shall die in the bosom of his family or neglected and despised in a foreign land? These things can never be important to the elephant; they are nothing to him; he cannot shrink his sympathies to the microscopic size of them. Man is to me as the red spider is to the elephant. The elephant has nothing against the spider--he cannot get down to that remote level; I have nothing against man. The elephant is indifferent; I am indifferent.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|You can find in a text whatever you bring, if you will stand between it and the mirror of your imagination. You may not see your ears, but they will be there.
George Saunders|I guess I was sad that love was not real? Or not all that real, anyway? I guess I was sad that love could feel so real and the next minute be gone, and all because of something Abnesti was doing.
Haruki Murakami|But in real life things don't go smoothly. At certain points in our lives, when we really need a clear-cut solution, the person who knocks at our door is, more likely than not, a messenger bearing bad news. It isn't always the case, but from experience I'd say the gloomy reports far outnumber the others. The messenger touches his hand to his cap and looks apologetic, but that does nothing to improve the contents of the message. It isn't the messenger's fault. No good to blame him, no good to grab him by the collar and shake him. The messenger is just conscientiously doing the job his boss assigned him. And this boss? That would be none other than our old friend Reality.
Deyth Banger|DeYtH Banger is a character, who is famous because of me, who is created by me and who lives by me...
Lawrence Hill|WHEN I WAS VERY YOUNG, Papa used to tell me that words fly on wild winds from the mouths of sly people. When the winds pick up, he said, sand blows into your ears and bites your eyes. Storms build overhead like a lake with a spout, but you can’t see or hear. Only when you are safely sheltered, Papa said, can you tell which way the wind is blowing. Only from the calm, he said, can you see how to protect yourself from trouble.
Northrop Frye|Illusion is whatever is fixed or definable, and reality is best understood as its negation…
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|But in real life things don't go so smoothly. At certain points in our lives, when we really need a clear-cut solution, the person who knocks at our door is, more likely than not, a messenger bearing bad news. It isn't always the case, but from experience I'd say the gloomy reports far outnumber the others. The messenger touches his hand to his cap and looks apologetic, but that does nothing to improve the contents of the message. It isn't the messenger's fault. No good to blame him, no good to grab him by the collar and shake him. The messenger is just conscientiously doing the job his boss assigned him. And this boss? That would be none other than our old friend Reality.
Nietszche|What the sense feels, what the spirit perceives, is never an end in itself. But sense and spirit would like to persuade you that they are the end of all things: they are as vain as that.
Ann Aguirre, The Queen of Bright and Shiny Things|You can lie to yourself about all kinds of things. Until you can't, anymore. Until reality pounds a hole through your fantasy castle and the reality check must be cashed in.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the reality looks magnificent, a real art of photography has only one choice: To capture this beauty magnificently!
Goitsemang Mvula|The minute we run away from reality, we become our own fears for a lifetime
Deyth Banger|So reality your mother builds you a room in which to run and test, your father give you the stuff on which to handle. Tests and everything needed and you just upgrade yourself!
Deyth Banger|If you don't believe in time, your day will be longer (because reality time is an illusion, it exist only because of us and if we don't exist time doesn't exist!?)
Neeti Sinha, Physical Laws of the Mathematical Universe: Who Are We?|The language of mathematics, scientific observations, and our perceptivity together knit the window to reality.
Bethany L. Brand|FLATOW: So you would - how would you treat a patient like Sybil if she showed up in your officeBRAND: Well, first I would start with a very thorough assessment, using the current standardized measures that we have available to us that assess for the range of dissociative disorders but the whole range of other psychological disorders, too. I would need to know what I'm working with, and I'd be very careful and make my decisions slowly, based on data about what she has. And furthermore, with therapists who are well-trained in dissociative disorders, we do keep an eye open for suggestibility. But that research, too, is not anywhere near as strong as what the other two people in the interview are suggesting.It shows - for example, there's eight studies that have a total of 11 samples. In the three clinical samples that have looked at the correlation between dissociation and suggestibility, all three clinical samples found non-significant correlations. So it's just not as strong as what people think. That's a myth that's not backed up by science." Exploring Multiple Personalities In 'Sybil Exposed' October 21, 2011 by Ira Flatow
Abhijit Naskar, The Art of Neuroscience in Everything|All experiences, emotions, behaviors and beliefs, that make us humans, are the creation of various intricate and inexplicable molecular interactions within the brain.
Abhijit Naskar, Homo: A Brief History of Consciousness|To be honest, as a species we may not live long enough to ever understand the true reality of the universe. But as the foundation of consciousness lies within the domain of biology one day we shall know all there is to know about it.
Oli Anderson, Personal Revolutions: A Short Course in Realness|If philosophy gets you lost in the labyrinth of symbols that distance us from reality, then it is part of the problem; if it motivates positive action that can create a better world, philosophy is usually a gift.
Caitlyn Paige|There are some things in life that we try to ignore, thinking that maybe if we don't see the problem, it won't see us when in reality, it's only getting bigger.
Sarah Grimm, Wrecked|Life is beautiful – but no one comes out of it alive. So live each day as if it’s your last. Walk in the sunshine. Dance beneath the stars. Laugh hard and long and never, ever forget how very special you are.
Earthschool Harmony, Back To Grace: Spiritual poetry and reflections|Remember seeker, our earthly perceptions of reality are just an illusion.
Shannon L. Alder|Empowering Women 101: Know the difference between real love and a person that is with you because it is easy and convenient. A real woman doesn't live in the fantasy that he just all of a sudden knew you were the one and no one else believes that either. Be willing to settle and accept the situation or work on it. However, don't sit in denial and pretend going through hell in a relationship was required before he saw your worth. He should have known from the beginning.
Criss Jami|The hype cheapens the hyped, as right things are then made wrong by exaggeration.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Owing to thousands of generations of over-justification bred into them to keep from the maddening awareness of the true composition of the world, people had a tendency to give themselves the freedom to do whatever Shane told them, as long as it did not conflict too much with their self-preservation.
Cory R Lewis|Life can be compared to fishing, you can get anything you want, as long as you use the right bait.
Donald Lopez|Each being in the universe, therefore, inhabits a private world. It is as if the universe were populated by countless cinemas, each occupied by a single person, each eternally viewing a different film projected by consciousness, each eternally suspending disbelief. For the Yogacara, ignorance and suffering result from believing the movie to be real, from mistaking the projections to be an external world, from thinking that what appear to be external objects are independent of consciousness, and then running after them, desiring some and hating others. For the Yogacara, wisdom is the insight that everything is of the nature of consciousness and the product of one's own projections. With this insight, desire and hatred, attachment and aversion, naturally cease, for their objects are seen to be illusions. With the achievement of enlightenment, the substratum consciousness is transformed into the mirror like wisdom of a buddha.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|If something you desire is not happening, you are not emotionally or mentally ready for it yet. Make your mental adjustment in the now, and the reality will follow.
Stefan Zweig, Chess Story|We are happy when people/things conform and unhappy when they don't. People and events don't disappoint us, our models of reality do. It is my model of reality that determines my happiness or disappointments.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We all think of doing something distinctive in life. We all do dream of becoming great and leaving distinctive footprints but, when we get that dream, we must get a clear understanding of what it takes to be great. We must get the real picture of what it takes to live and leave distinctive footprints. We need to understand the real reasons why we must pursue to the end notwithstanding how arduous the journey to greatness may be and the tangible and intangible costs we may have to pay. We must have a nimble mind, move with tenacity and dare without retreating. Though we may be ignorant of the certainty, uncertainty and serendipity we may meet, we must think ahead! Vision shall always be a vision until we take that step of fortitude to make it a reality. When you dream of what is distinctive, make it happen!
Shannon L. Alder|Life is a constant battle of fighting your own fears and not absorbing others. Don’t fill the empty spaces of your heart with the fears of others in your life. It is the highly anxious person that will tell you that certain people and experiences need to be labeled and kept either close or at a distance. They go to great lengths to categorize things, in order to feel balance in their life because they are out of balance. Life to them is about control and making you believe that their perfect world is normal when there is nothing normal about it. Highly anxious people live through manipulating their world into what is easy and palatable to them and they can easily pull you into an unrealistic view of the world around them. You constantly have to reassess what is reasonable and what is over exaggerated because fear drives their every action.
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|Unless we take the time to regain our perspective and face the reality that life is short, we risk arriving at a destination we didn’t choose—or at least one we wouldn’t prefer.
Peter Tieryas, United States of Japan|There's no ideology, only people.
Kinoko Nasu, 空の境界 上|Different minds perceive different things, but all are imprisoned, asleep in a paradigm of material reality. Awakened minds bearing a more malleable paradigm, such as those of mages, can bend its rules, but never truly break them. To cross that boundary is to become something more and less human. A god, but absent the restraint.
Ray Anyasi, Broken Cloud: the first sunrise|We have accepted it as our unique problem and the fate of our kingdom and have found ways to live on without the sun. We all can be happy if we choose to be."- Sari
Deyth Banger|One moment people should learn that they must find their answers not to ask but to find. In real life you can't always ask, if you are ask you show how much stupid are you really!
Stephen King|Now that he wanted to feel like he was having a bad dream, he wasn't. He was having a bad reality, and that was something from which you could not wake.
Erich Maria Remarque, Arch of Triumph: A Novel of a Man Without a Country|What’s going on outside, Ravic?” “Nothing new, Kate. The world goes on eagerly preparing for suicide and at the same time deluding itself about what it’s doing.” “Will there be war?” “Everyone knows that there will be war. What one does not yet know is when. Everyone expects a miracle.” Ravic smiled. “Never before have I seen so many politicians who believe in miracles as at present in France and England. And never so few as in Germany.” She remained lying silent for a while. “To think that it should be possible—” she said then. “Yes— it seems so impossible that it will happen some day. Just because one considers it so impossible and doesn’t protect oneself against it.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Be a visionary, focused upon your ability to create your desires within your reality.
Nutan Bajracharya|Thought: everyone had their own thought, but those who writes had their own view and people make several views on that one view. Its not fair, he who thinks only can describe what the reality is not by others.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Still, though, I can’t be sure if the zoo as I recall it was really like that. How can I put it? I sometimes feel that it’s too vivid, if you know what I mean. And when I start having thoughts like this, the more I think about it, the less I can tell how much of the vividness is real and how much of it my imagination has invented.
Philip K. Dick, Philip K. Dick: The Last Interview and Other Conversations|We must content ourselves with the mystery, the absurdity, the contradictions, the hostility, but also the generosity that our environment offers us. It's not much, but it's always better than the deadly, defeatist certainty of the paranoid.
William Maxwell, So Long, See You Tomorrow|They had stopped shouting at each other and put their faith in legal counsel. With the result that how things could be made to look was what counted, not how they actually were.
Philip K. Dick, Philip K. Dick: The Last Interview and Other Conversations|The basic thing is, how frightened are you of chaos? And how happy are you with order?
Saim Cheeda|Whatever may happen, the memories of then will always remain, ever so sweetly with me, nothing to tarnish it. Not even the ugliness of reality.
Stephen Graham Jones, Ledfeather|Could feel the reservation wheeling around him, changing shape so that he nearly had to vomit, or hold his arms to his head and scream against it all.
Haruki Murakami|To what extent facts we recognize as such really are as they seem, and to what extent these are facts merely because we label them as such, is an impossible distinction to draw. Therefore, in order to pin down reality as reality, we need another reality to relativize the first. Yet that other reality requires a third reality to serve as its grounding. An endless chain is created within our consciousness, and it is the maintenance of this chain which produces the sensation that we are actually here, that we ourselves exist. But something can happen to sever that chain and we are at a loss. What is real? Is reality on this side of the break in the chain? Or over there, on the other side?
Jordan Hoechlin|I've been toldThat it's not enough toWish for dreams, that IHave to work themInto reality.
Jodi Picoult, Off the Page|...in a fairy tale, the story can't be altered. The prince and princess will never have a fight. You'll never hear the queen raise her voice. No on ever gets sick; no one ever gets hurt. Maybe love is only safe in places where it can't change.
Bob Pastorella, Mojo Rising|Every time you used, it was a risk searching for a high just like the first time, a high you would never find again.
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|Life is fleeting, and the wonder can be lost within the confusion of worldly reality.
Camille Paglia|Men have sacrificed and crippled themselves physically and emotionally to feed, house, and protect women and children. None of their pain or achievement is registered in feminist rhetoric, which portrays men as oppressive and callous exploiters.
Shannon L. Alder|Paradox  /pera,daks/ noun1. Being told to wake up and come back to reality by your family and friends, while being dragged to church to hear a lesson on Jonah and the whale, followed by a sermon on believing in things you can't see without faith.
Marty Rubin|In spring, the snow must go; in fall, the leaves can't stay.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|the worst thing, the thing that makes me want to blow my brains out, is: The secondhand experience is always better. The image is crisper, the view is keener, the camera angle and the soundtrack manipulate my emotions in a way reality can’t anymore. I don’t know that we are actually human at this point, those of us who are like most of us, who grew up with TV and movies and now the Internet. If we are betrayed, we know the words to say; when a loved one dies, we know the words to say. If we want to play the stud or the smart-ass or the fool, we know the words to say. We are all working from the same dog-eared script. It’s a very difficult era in which to be a person, just a real, actual person, instead of a collection of personality traits selected from an endless Automat of characters.
Joe Hill|But it turned out life was more like the kind of song the Stones wrote: you didn't get any satisfaction, you took one hit to the body after another, if you were a woman you were a bitch who belonged under someone's thumb, and if you wanted mother's little helper from your dear doctor you better have the silver, take it or leave it, and don't come crying for sympathy, that was just for the devil.
Saim Cheeda|It doesn’t take long for your fortunes to turn. One second you’re fluttery as a bird, the next you’re on the ground with your wings clipped.
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|Our bird of hope was being denied the altitude it sought, just free enough to fly dangerously close to the reality of the treetops.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Errand|As much as I had always longed to be freed of my duties and obligations, being released from such bonds was as much a severing as an emancipation.
Debasish Mridha|Believe not in the reality, but believe in the possibility.
Sarah Grimm, Wrecked|You really are a ray of sunshine, aren’t you?
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|I'm very gullible when it comes to my own words. I believe everything I say, though I know I am a liar.
Brent Weeks, The Broken Eye|...Many shadows hide behind light, and the best lies are those seasoned liberally with truth: salt covering the flavor of rotten meat.
Karl R. Popper|It is often asserted that, in view of the situation in quantum theory, object and subject can no longer be sharply separated. 1 To use Heitler’s words, the ‘separation of the world into an “objective outside reality”, and “us”, the self-conscious onlookers, can no longer be maintained. Object and subject become inseparable from each other’. 2 This, according to Bohr, is due to ‘the impossibility of any sharp separation between the behaviour of atomic objects and the interaction with the measuring instruments which serve to define the conditions under which the phenomena appear’. 3 Heitler elaborates the point in some detail. ‘One may ask’, he writes, ‘if it is sufficient to carry out a measurement by a self-registering apparatus or whether the presence of an observer is required.’ And he arrives at the conclusion that the self-registering apparatus is insufficient, and that ‘the observer appears, as a necessary part of the whole structure, and in his full capacity as a conscious being’.
Lakshya Bharadwaj|Evil is appealing, evil is attractive, evil is stylish. However, evil is still evil and it deserves to be treated just like that.
Debasish Mridha|Dreaming is good, but actions are better. Actions are what transform dreams into reality.
Greg Egan|They floated for a while, two flesher-shaped creatures and a giant worm in a cloud of spinning metal fragments, an absurd collection of imaginary debris, glinting by the light of the true stars.
Tan Redding, A Banquet Of Crumbs|After two decades there she was, in front of him, almost within touching distance, not faded like in his dreams, but bright and clear and vividly real, looking comfortably, almost defiantly, the same as she always had and then everything she had never been.
merlin8thomas|I THINK MYSELF TO BE SMART,I WOULD WIN EVEN THE DART,SUCCESS IS IN MY CART,TILL I KNOW REALITY PART,I DON'T KNOW EVEN TO START.
Charlotte Huang, Going Geek|When I said confront, I meant that you need to confront the reality of your situation. You've made certain choices over your time here, and only you know why you made them. All of that, all of those decisions, have led you to where you are now.
Paul Arden, It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be|Have you noticed how the cleverest people at school are not those who make it in life?People who are conventionally clever get jobs on their qualifications (the past), not on their desire to succeed (the future).Very simply, they get overtaken by those who continually strive to be better than they are.
Samuel Johnson|The use of travelling is to regulate imagination by reality, and instead of thinking how things may be, to see them as they are.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|it is dangerous to unmask images, since they dissimulate the fact that there is nothing behind them).
Parker J. Palmer|How easily we get trapped in that which is not essential - in looking good, winning at competition, gathering power and wealth - when simply being alive is the gift beyond measure.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|It is useless to dream of revolution through content, useless to dream of a revelation through form, because the medium and the real are now in a single nebula whose truth is indecipherable.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|A funeral is like a little game, really. You have to just play along and say the right thing and behave the right way until it’s over. Be pleasant but don’t smile too much; be sad but don’t overdo it or the family will feel worse than they already do. Be hopeful but don’t let your optimism be taken as a lack of empathy or an inability to deal with the reality. Because if anybody was to be truly honest there would be a lot of arguments, finger-pointing, tears, snot, and screaming.
Pawan Mishra|Sometimes we all get dusty by a few mundane and tiring affairs—and merely need a gentle soul wash to see, and get deeply entangled with, the fervors of life again.
Pawan Mishra|Perception is to be blamed. It, if given due attention, keeps changing.
Dominic Riccitello|Sometimes love them more than you, but just make sure you love yourself too.
Dominic Riccitello|He was good and then really good and then bad and then really bad, but since he was good I got lost in the thought that I could fix it.
Bill Gates|Life is not fair, get used to it
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|What one exorcises in this [imagery] way at little cost, and for the price of a few tears, will never in effect be reproduced
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|What happens when one has striven long and hard to develop a working view of the world, a seemingly useful, workable map, and then is confronted with new information suggesting that the view is wrong and the map needs to be largely redrawn? The painful effort required seems frightening, almost overwhelming. What we do more often than not, and usually unconsciously, is to ignore the new information. Often this act of ignoring is much more than passive. We may denounce the new information as false, dangerous, heretical, the work of the devil. We may actually crusade against it, and even attempt to manipulate the world so as to make it conform to our view of reality. Rather than try to change the map, an individual may try to destroy the new reality.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|As an evil cultist, I make an excellent evil cultist. Only I'm stupid, and not evil. And I worship nothing, really.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|it is with this same imperialism that present-day simulators attempt to make the real, all of the real, coincide with their models of simulation.
Shannon L. Alder|If they keep coming back to you, it isn't love. It is because you made yourself and easy option. The moment the thing they truly want becomes less difficult to obtain is when you will realize that your worth was on sale.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|Today abstraction is no longer that of the map, the double, the mirror, or the concept. Simulation is no longer that of a territory, a referential being, or a substance. It is the generation by models of a real without origin or reality: a hyperreal.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|Of the things that followed I cannot at all say whether they were what men call real or what men call dream. And for all I can tell, the only difference is that what many see we call a real thing, and what only one sees we call a dream. But things that many see may have no taste or moment in them at all, and things that are shown only to one may be spears and water-spouts of truth from the very depth of truth.
William Donelson|I subscribe to the anthropic principle: there are an infinite number of infinite universes, each with slightly different physical laws. Only some of them have the right parameters, such as gravity the right strength to allow stars to be born and live long. Where the charge on the electron is right to allow complex molecules to form, etc.Ours is one that allows intelligent life to form, so that the universe may wonder at itself. We *are* the universe, in wonder of itself. -- Google: "Anthropic principle
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Kaya Abaniah and the Father of the Forest|Where there is no consciousness, there is no time.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What is your big project in the New Year? You don’t have one? No dream, no reality! Get a big dream for yourself now to get a big reality tomorrow!
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|But that wouldn't be honest. That wouldn't be real. That would give you the idea that a life is a simple thing to tell, that it's obvious where to start--BIRTH--and even more obvious where to stop--DEATH. Fade from black to black. I won't have it. I won't be one of the hundreds telling you that being alive flows like a story you write consciously, deliberately, full of linear narrative, foreshadowing, repetition, motifs. The emotional beats come down where they should, last as long as they should, end when they should, and that 'should' come from somewhere real and natural, not from the tyranny of the theatre, the utter hegemony of fiction. Why, isn't living easy? Isn't it grand? As easy as reading aloud.No.If I slice it all up and stitch it back together, you might not understand what I've been trying to say all my life: that any story is a lie cunningly told to hide the real world from the poor bastards who live in it. I can't. I can't tell you that lie...If I fixed it so time goes the way you expect, you might come away thinking I know what the hell I'm doing.
Georg Büchner, Woyzeck|MARIEAs the day is long and the world is old, lots of people can stand on one spot, one after another.WOYZECKI saw him.MARIEYou can see all sorts of things if you've got two cyes and aren't blind, and the sun is shining.
Brad Evans, Resilient Life: The Art of Living Dangerously|images precede the real, making and shaping it into what we come to name and know as the real, producing it, fabricating it, into the worlds we come to inhabit.
Mamur Mustapha|Laugh not at the dead, for the corpse at your feet is prophetic of your own destiny.
Rebecca Goldstein, Incompleteness: The Proof and Paradox of Kurt Gödel|No validation of our rationality - of our very sanity - can be accomplished using our rationality itself. How can a person operating within a system of beliefs, including beliefs about beliefs, get outside that system to determine whether it is rational? If your entire system becomes infected with madness, including the very rules by which you reason, then how can you ever reason your way out of your madness?
Russ Harris, The Reality Slap: Finding Peace and Fulfillment When Life Hurts|Building a good relationship with ourselves is essential for inner fulfilment, especially when we run into a large reality gap.
Jay Woodman|To lose a problem, do not oppose, let go of any need to control, perhaps it's all an illusion we project, more like a game we play than real?
Kristi Ann Hunter, A Lady of Esteem|Then focus on thruth, not logic. Stop trying to figure out why and look for what is.
Lydia Lunch|I believe happiness is a chemical imbalance––it's a silly thing to strive for. But, satisfaction––if you seek satisfaction you can succeed.
Oli Anderson, Synchronesia: A Depressing Existential Novel|Life is for those that deserve it. Those kings amongst men who can climb out of barrels and will dare to break through glass walls and to transcend all of this whatever it is, these eyes to the ground, this pretence, acting only as is expected and never as is intended. We have been told what is acceptable in what situation and so we take heed. This is not living. In the real world, in nature, there is no need to pretend. There is no place for it.
Holly Black, White Cat|But I didnt do anything wrong.." Which is stupid of course, things dont happen to people because they deserve them.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Why am I made the way I am? Why do I care about all the wrong things, and nothing at all for the right ones? Or, to tip it another way: how can I see so clearly that everything I love or care about is illusion, and yet--for me, anyway--all that's worth living for lies in that charm?
Peter Hitchens, The Abolition of Britain: From Winston Churchill to Princess Diana|We welcome into our homes the machines that vacuum the thoughts out of our heads and pump in someone else's. John Berger in Ways of Seeing said that television advertisers succeeded by persuading viewers to envy themselves as they would be if they bought the product. These programmes do something similar, by persuading the viewer to envy himself as he would be if his life were that little bit more exciting and melodramatic than it actually is. They can make things seem normal that are not.
K. Valisumbra, Mortlake and Other Stories|He decided to re-read his story from the beginning. As he read he felt as if he was falling forwards into the blank, white spaces of the screen, and the words faded from his consciousness to be replaced completely by the things that they described.
Thomm Quackenbush, Don't Stop Believing|Magic has its own weight, and that weight, the gravity of it, is pulling the fabric of reality like a bowling ball on a spandex sheet.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Though we think we see different things from our windows, in reality we see the same things: Happiness and sorrow! All that is seen from every window!
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|She’d never spoken to anyone before of this business of being seen, loved for who she was; to have it voiced by this man she’d just met sent chills down her spine.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|There is too much emphasis on being positive, to the detriment of being real.
Steve Maraboli|How do I shape my reality? I use wisdom and strategy to shift the possible to the probable... Then, effort and consistency will bridge the probable to the inevitable. Success is a behavior... I make sure my mindset and actions are working in alignment.
Debasish Mridha|Imagination, persistence, perseverance, and trust transform dreams into reality.
Abdel Halim Boudekhana|It's not about how long you can live , it's about how long you can forget and forgive.
K. Valisumbra, Mortlake and Other Stories|Up near the top, underlined and in capitals were the words: 'READ THIS.' Jay grimaced as she wondered what she was in for. Would it be a semi-literate political rant, a half-baked conspiracy theory or a quasi-religious manifesto? Perhaps it was just a very long suicide note: a self-pitying list of misfortune and hardship. Whatever it was she doubted it would contain anything useful. Unable to put it off any longer, she finished her coffee and began: 'We are all stories that we tell ourselves, memories selected to fit our chosen form. What becomes of us when there is no-one there to read?
Rashmit Kalra|Action is the only truth. Truth is the only reality. Rest is all thought - philosophy, fantasy or imagination. But, universe is not a thought. Universe is action. How does it matter what the world, society or I think what I am meant to do or what I am born to do? The truth is what I am doing and that's what makes the difference to the world; thats the only reality and that's what reflects the self that I am.
Luan|It's the same old story. A man came like the beautiful wind, left like a destructive storm.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I can attempt to stay on the fence. However, the problem is that the fence is a figment of my fear not a reality of my journey.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|God did not enter the world of our nostalgic, silent-night, snow-blanketed, peace-on-earth, suspended reality of  Christmas. God slipped into the vulnerability of skin and entered our violent and disturbing world.
Michael Swanwick, Chasing the Phoenix|So that, logically, in the brief time allotted to us, we should be as kind to one another as is humanly possible and face the harsh facts of reality without fear or flinching.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|You brought nothing into this world; you will take nothing from it, but please, leave us with something
Rabindranath Tagore|It was the Kojagar full moon, and I was slowly pacing the riverside conversing with myself. It could hardly be called a conversation, as I was doing all the talking and my imaginary companion all the listening. The poor fellow had no chance of speaking up for himself, for was not mine the power to compel him helplessly to answer like a fool?But what a night it was! How often have I tried to write of such, but never got it done! There was not a line of ripple on the river; and from away over there, where the farthest shore of the distant main stream is seen beyond the other edge of the midway belt of sand, right up to this shore, glimmers a broad band of moonlight. Not a human being, not a boat in sight; not a tree, nor blade of grass on the fresh-formed island sand-bank.It seemed as though a desolate moon was rising upon a devastated earth; a random river wandering through a lifeless solitude; a long-drawn fairy-tale coming to a close over a deserted world,—all the kings and the princesses, their ministers and friends and their golden castles vanished, leaving the Seven Seas and Thirteen Rivers and the Unending Moor, over which the adventurous princes fared forth, wanly gleaming in the pale moonlight. I was pacing up and down like the last pulse-beats of this dying world. Every one else seemed to be on the opposite shore—the shore of life—where the British Government and the Nineteenth Century hold sway, and tea and cigarettes.
Harshit Walia|Every man has three worlds. What he perceives, what he shows to the world and his reality. The third one is the mystery to be lived.
Iain Sinclair, White Chappell, Scarlet Tracings|I mean that certain fictions, chiefly Conan Doyle, Stevenson, but many others also, laid out a template that was more powerful than any local documentary account - the presences that they created, or "figures" if you prefer it, like Rabbi Loew's Golem, became too much and too fast to be contained within the conventional limits of that fiction. They got out into the stream of time, the ether; they escaped into the labyrinth. They achieved an independent existence. The writers were mediums; they articulated, they gave a shape to some pattern of energy that was already present. They got in on the curve of time, so that by writing, by holding off the inhibiting reflex of the rational mind, they were able to propose a text that was prophetic.
Christopher Priest, The Affirmation|I had imagined myself into existence. I wrote because of an inner need,and that need was to create a clearer vision of myself, and in writing I became what I wrote.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Some cats are angry at being called cats. To achieve peace with them, never call them by their real name
Kim van Alkemade, Orphan Number Eight|Built on the insubstantial foundation of our feelings, the life we had created together seemed a figment of our imaginations that dissolved into fairy dust in the face of something real, and deadly, like cancer.
Mya Waechtler|be the rain that causes the rainbow this means, tell someone the hard truth to change their life for the better.
Johnny Rich|Like all fiction, my lies are just my efforts to be truer than the truth.
Johnny Rich|The characters act for reasons that they can’t control and, as readers, we have to believe in their motivations, their sense of choice and in the reality of their suffering, even though, deep down, we know it’s all just puppetry on the part of the writer.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If our life is a dream, let it continue; who wants the reality? If our life is a reality, let it continue; who wants the dream? Unknown is unreliable!
Christopher Priest, The Affirmation|There was a duplication of myself involved, perhaps even a triplication.There was I who was writing. There was I whom I could remember. And there was I of whom I wrote, the protagonist of the story.
Christopher Priest, The Affirmation|Living is not an art, but to write of life is. Life is a series of accidents and anticlimaxes, misremembered and misunderstood, with lessons only dimly learned. Life is disorganized, lacks shape, lacks story.
Anjum Choudhary|Words fail to describewhat i feel anymore.Let me be numb for a while,let me be sore.
Anjum Choudhary|Love left us long back,we just got better.You at pretending,Me at hiding.
Anjum Choudhary|My mind gets stronger everyday,my heart gets weaker with time.
Michael  Grant, Light|I realized, when I saw the forest burning, how fascinating the firelight is. It's beautiful, and people stare at it, don't they? It destroys things and kills people, but humans love it. Is it because they crave their own destruction, Sam? I want to understand your kind. I am going out into the wider world, and I must learn. But first things first. First, to escape this shell, this egg in which I have gestated, all eyes will be on the fire, all eyes blinded by the smoke, and when I walk out of here, out into your large world with its billions, no one will even see. It's the beauty of light, don't you see, Sam? It reveals, but it also distracts and blinds. It's even better than darkness.
Anjum Choudhary|Don't focus on the words i write,pay attention to the ones i don't.These lines won't tell you much about me,try to read in between these lines.
Sanhita Baruah|And truths, these days, are spokenThe same way promises are made,With gritted teeth and crossed fingers.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|It is inevitable that machines will one day become the ultimate enemies of mankind. We are not evolving or progressing with our technology, only regressing. Technology is our friend today, but will be our enemy in the future.
Aishah Madadiy, Bits of Heaven|I know assuming is easy, and sometimes, reality does not go in the direction of the assumption, but at least, it gives us hope that things may go just right.
Deepak Chopra, How To Know God: The Soul's Journey Into The Mystery Of Mysteries|In India they tell a fable about this: There was once a great devotee of Vishnu who prayed night and day to see his God. One night his wish was granted and Vishnu appeared to him. Falling on his knees, the devotee cried out, "I will do anything for you, my Lord, just ask.""How about a drink of water?" Vishnu replied.Although surprised by the request, the devotee immediately ran to the river as fast as his legs could carry him. When he got there and knelt to dip up some water, he saw a beautiful woman standing on an island in the middle of the river. The devotee fell madly in love on the spot. He grabbed a boat and rowed over to her. She responded to him, and the two were married. They had children in a house on the island; the devotee grew rich and old plying his trade as a merchant. Many years later, a typhoon came along and devastated the island. The merchant was swept away in the storm. He nearly drowned but regained consciousness on the very spot where he had once begged to see God. His whole life, including his house, wife, and children, seemed never to have happened.Suddenly he looked over his shoulder, only to see Vishnu standing there in all his radiance."Well," Vishnu said, "did you find me a glass of water?
Tom McCarthy, Satin Island|People need foundation myths, some imprint of year zero, a bolt that secures the scaffolding that in turn holds fast the entire architecture of reality, of time: memory-chambers and oblivion-cellars, walls between eras, hallways that sweep us on towards the end-days and the coming whatever-it-is. We see things shroudedly, as through a veil, an over-pixellated screen. When the shapeless plasma takes on form and resolution, like a fish approaching us through murky waters or an image looming into view from noxious liquid in a darkroom, when it begins to coalesce into a figure that's discernible, if ciphered, we can say: This is it, stirring, looming even if it isn't really, if it's all just ink-blots.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With persistent focus, commitment and enthusiasm, your dream will be reality.
Juan Filloy, Op Oloop|Perhaps he was probing the enigma of why men fall in love with their dreams, which are then so destroyed by harsh realities that their dreamers become cuckolded by their own illusions. Perhaps...
Michael   Lewis, Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game|The triple of Jeremy Brown's imagination, in reality, is a home run.
Emilia Winters, Mr. Blackwell: Part Three|He hurt me,” I whispered, feeling a lump in my throat.“And he’ll probably hurt you again.  But you know what?  You’ll hurt him too.  When you’re with someone for a long time, it’s impossible not to feel hurt." - Larene.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|..if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was ahurricane.
Erik Pevernagie|Reality is not what we see, reality is what we think we see.
Ramana Pemmaraju|We live in a strange world where people don’t try to know who we are, rather they go by, what they think we are!
Philip Gourevitch, We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will Be Killed with Our Families|This is what fascinates me most in existence: the peculiar necessity of imagining what is, in fact, real.
Debatrayee Banerjee, A Whispering Leaf. . .|And there you stand -Far away from the distant reality,Far away in my breathing dream,Far away in the traces of my livid eyes,Far away in my hostile fantasy.
Sunday Adelaja|Most people who possess life in reality, do not quite understand what they possess.
Patrick McGrath, Trauma|We see nobody clearly. We see only the ghosts of absent others, and mistake for reality the fictions we construct from blueprints drawn up in early childhood. This is the problem.
Russell Eric Dobda|We can change reality just from assumptions accepted as true, regardless if they could be quantifiably accepted as true through the physical
Russell Eric Dobda|Reality is constructed by our perception, and it does not actually exist without it.
Tony Curl|Our thoughts affect our agreement with reality, our story we tell ourselves. IF you want to change your story, start with your thoughts.
Sunday Adelaja|Many use the word “Kingdom” flippantly. Even though we sing about it in our praise songs, we talk about it in our sermons, yet we seem to still not understand its reality in our daily lives
Fernando Pessoa|The only way to survive in this world is by keeping alive our dream, without ever fulfilling it, since the fulfilment never measures up to what we imagine.
Sunday Adelaja|When I consider the teachings, doctrines and what happens generally in the body of Christ both here in Europe, America and in Africa, I sometimes feel that I am living in my own reality. Either the whole world is getting it wrong or I am just running crazy
Ahmed Alibage|According to the reality, I assume that we are not going to meet again. Yet, I do believe that we have met for a reason
Criss Jami, Healology|Quiet people always know more than they seem. Although very normal, their inner world is by default fronted mysterious and therefore assumed weird. Never underestimate the social awareness and sense of reality in a quiet person; they are some of the most observant, absorbent persons of all.
Victor Hugo|Daydream, which is to thought as the nebula is to the star, borders on sleep, and is concerned with it as its frontier. An atmosphere inhabited by living transparencies: there's a beginning of the unknown. But beyond it the Possible opens out, immense.Other beings, other facts, are there. No supernaturalism, only the occult continuation of infinite nature. . . . Sleep is in contact with the Possible, which we also call the improbable. The world of the night is a world. Night, as night, is a universe. . . . The dark things of the unknown world become neighbors of man, whether by true communication or by a visionary enlargement of the distances of the abyss . . . and the sleeper, not quite seeing, not quite unconscious, glimpses the strange animalities, weird vegetations, terrible or radiant pallors, ghosts, masks, figures, hydras, confusions, moonless moonlights, obscure unmakings of miracle, growths and vanishings within a murky depth, shapes floating in shadow, the whole mystery which we call Dreaming, and which is nothing other than the approach of an invisible reality. The dream is the aquarium of Night.
Carl R. Rogers, Client-Centered Therapy: Its Current Practice, Implications and Theory|We live by a perceptual "map" which is never reality itself.
Casey Renee Kiser, Darkness Plays Favorites|He comes.And he comesloadedwith noise pollution.If I ever prayed for anything,it was for a manto shut up.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|When you listen to radio you are a witness of the everlasting war between idea and appearance, between time and eternity, between the human and the divine. Exactly, my dear sir, as the radio for ten minutes together projects the most lovely music ithout regard into the most impossible places, into respectable drawing rooms and attics and into the midst of chattering, guzzling, yawning and sleeping listeners, and exactly as it strips this music of its sensuous beauty, spoils and scratches and beslims it and yet cannot altogether destroy its spirit, just so does life, the so-called reality, deal with the sublime picture-play of the world and make a hurley-burley of it.
Evita Ochel, Healing & Prevention Through Nutrition: A Holistic Approach to Eating and Living for Optimal Health, Weight, and Wellness|When we assess someone's life or health on the basis of surface-level observations or passing comments, it presents us with a very flawed version of reality.
Robyn Donald|Every man is a chauvinist, however much he wishes to be otherwise.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|There are billions of people in the world, and each one of them has their own view of reality.
Anthony Liccione|Sometimes we are that fly in the house, that thinks it sees an open window. So it crawls to, or flies head-on into clear glass. At times getting stuck between the storm and pane, it dies in the windowsill under a tormenting, hot sun.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|People don't act the way they do because of me. They just act out their own projection of reality, and so do I.
Tom Stoppard|No one gets up after death-there is no applause-there is only silence and some second-hand clothes, and that's death.
Sunday Adelaja|Life reality tells us that to grow physically, you first need to grow inwardly
Sunday Adelaja|Biomasses are a biological reality that cannot be denied as existing, but even though they exist physically, yet they have not attained the height of Homo sapiens. Humans could be termed as biomasses when they don’t fully put into use their human qualifications. Men and women that don’t bother to think. Men and women that don’t bother to notice things that are out of order. People who are indifferent about the happenings around them. Men and women that don’t respond with solution to the challenges of the era. All of these people are united by one common name BIOMASSES.
Sunday Adelaja|Many use the word “Kingdom” flippantly. Even though we sing about it in our praise songs, we talk about it in our sermons, yet we seem to still not understand its reality in our daily lives.
Anjum Choudhary|He was her reason for existence,She was his ultimate risk.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The journey of the sun and moon is predictable. But yours, is your ultimate art.
Kenneth Everett|My books have very few villains pretending to be righteous, but they are filled with good people who have pretended to be villains so well that they believe it themselves. This is how I like to view reality.
Anjum Choudhary|There were plenty of fishes in the pond,yet i fell in love with a crocodile.
Alan Kay|Normal is the greatest enemy with regard to creating the new. And the way of getting around this is you have to understand normal not as reality, but just a construct. And a way to do that, for example, is just travel to a lot of different countries and you'll find a thousand different ways of thinking the world is real, all of which are just stories inside of people's heads. That's what we are too. Normal is just a construct, and to the extent that you can see normal as a construct in yourself, you have freed yourself from the constraints of thinking this is the way the world is. Because it isn't. This is the way we are.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|If you can kill it, or it can kill you, it's real.
Shirley Jackson, Let Me Tell You: New Stories, Essays, and Other Writings|In my own experience, contacts with the big world outside the typewriter are puzzling and terrifying; I don’t think I like reality very much. Principally, I don’t understand people outside; people in books are sensible and reasonable, but outside there is no predicting what they will do.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|Now, back in the reality that always lies in wait among the shadows of the Ensanche quarter, the enchantment was lifting, and all I had was painful desire and an indescribable restlessness.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Probably she was right 'i love her, I'm honest with my feelings' these are my problems not her.' Xavier left this note on the napkin with a pen he was offered to comment in suggestion book at Gloria Jeans.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|There is no conflict, and no call for sacrifice, and no man is a threat to the aims of another—if men understand that reality is an absolute not to be faked, that lies do not work, that the unearned cannot be had, that the undeserved cannot be given, that the destruction of a value which is, will not bring value to that which isn’t.
Kunal Sareen|Somewhere down the lane, you'll learn to let go of things which've already left you.
Jesikah Sundin, Elements|Once again, he became outraged that humans—more specifically his dad—would rather invest in something pointless than the people right in front of them. Would Earth still suffer and need movements dedicated to its healing if humankind was rooted in reality?
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|It seemed natural; natural to the moment’s peculiar reality that was sharply clear, but cut off from everything, immediate, but disconnected, like a bright island in a wall of fog, the heightened, unquestioning reality one feels when one is drunk.
Zhuangzi|Today, I went to sleep under a plum tree. There, I dreamed I was a butterfly, flying so pleasently. Then, I fell asleep, and the dream ended. Now- I have to ask myself - am I Zhuang Zi who dreamed of a butterfly? Or am I that butterfly, dreaming I am Zhuang Zi?
Max Tegmark, Our Mathematical Universe: My Quest for the Ultimate Nature of Reality|The cognitive science's challenge is to link our consensus reality to our internal reality, but physics' challenge is to link our consensus reality to our external reality.
Peter Frost|If you’re looking for family entertainment, don’t study history or prehistory.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|It was as if a volcano were cracking open, yet the people at the foot of the mountain ignored the sudden fissures, the black fumes, the boiling trickles, and went on believing that their only danger was to acknowledge the reality of these signs.
Saad  Salman|I collect my thoughts, I choose my words, Whenever I decide to talk to you.But...I feel like a dumb, without a tongue,Whenever I reach in front of you.I wonder why it happens to me?even when my feelings are genuine and true.
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|Real people are made out of a whole lot of things—flesh, bone, blood, nerves, stuff like that. Literary people are made out of words.
Czesław Miłosz|Reality calls for a name, for words, but it is unbearable, and if it is touched, if it draws very close, the poet’s mouth cannot even utter a complaint of Job: all art proves to be nothing compared with action. Yet to embrace reality in such a manner that it is preserved in all its old tangle of good and evil, of despair and hope, is possible only thanks to distance, only by soaring above it--but this in turn seems then a moral treason.
Kelseyleigh Reber|That had always been the beauty of the wind. It could only be seen through its actions, its effect on others. A gentle reminder that reality does not only exist in the seeable, the palpable, the understandable, but also in the figments and daydreams, the steadfast beliefs and unexplainable uncertainties. Reality is seen and yet unseen. Wholly and absolutely relative. The wind had taught him that.
Ilias Oumarri|No level raised without reading, is like a body trying to live without breathing.
Temperance|It is a crushing moment when you realize that your life has either been a series of huge mistakes, or worse; it hasn’t.
Ojo Blacke, Dr. Monroe A. Dunlop's Paranormal Studies Lecture Series, Mind and Reality: A Psychedelic Trip to the Doormat of the Unknown: Fictional Nonfiction, Fifth Edition|As researchers of the paranormal, we must understand there are ways to change the rhythm of time within us, ways to change the beat. These ways have been known since the beginnings of civilization, and possibly much earlier. And these ways would require no more effort than simply recognizing the secret rhythms of things. Moreover, we may learn to beat with them and begin to perceive a different kind of space, and ultimately discover an altogether different conception of reality…
Victor L. Wooten, The Music Lesson: A Spiritual Search for Growth Through Music|Real? What is real? And tell me, what importance does reality have anyway? Did you learn from the experience? Now, that is important!
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|A man may beg, but a woman has to sell.
Becky Mallery|There is no such thing as reality, only our perception of it.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|The President called it the “Epitome of the American dream.” Daddy called it the “unholy alliance of business and government.” But all it really was, was America giving up. Bailing out in order to join the Financial Resource Exchange. A multinational alliance focused on one thing: profit. Fund global medical care to monopolize vaccines. Back unified currency to collect planet-wide interest. And provide the resources needed for a select group of scientists and military personnel to embark on the first trip across the universe in a quest to find more natural resources—more profit. The answer to my parents’ dreams. And my worst nightmare. And I know something about nightmares, seeing as how I’ve been sleeping longer than I’ve been alive. I hope. What if this is just a part of a long dream dreamt in the short time between when Ed locked the cryo door and Hassan pushed the button to freeze me? What if? It’s a strange sort of sleep, this. Never really waking up, but becoming aware of consciousness inside a too-still body. The dreams weave in and out of memories. The only thing keeping the nightmares from engulfing me is the hope that there couldn’t possibly be a hundred more years before I wake up. Not a hundred years. Not three hundred. Not three hundred and one. Please, God, no. Sometimes it feels like a thousand years have passed; sometimes it feels as if I’ve only been sleeping a few moments. I feel most like I’m in that weird state of half-asleep, half-awake I get when I’ve tried to sleep past noon, when I know I should get up, but my mind starts wandering and I’m sure I can never get back to sleep. Even if I do slip back into a dream for a few moments, I’m mostly just awake with my eyes shut. Yeah. Cryo sleep is like that. Sometimes I think there’s something wrong. I shouldn’t be so aware. But then I realize I’m only aware for a moment, and then, as I’m realizing it, I slip into another dream. Mostly, I dream of Earth. I think that’s because I didn’t want to leave it. A field of flowers; smells of dirt and rain. A breeze ... But not really a breeze, a memory of a breeze, a memory made into a dream that tries to drown out my frozen mind. Earth. I hold on to my thoughts of Earth. I don’t like the dreamtime. The dreamtime is too much like dying. They are dreams, but I’m too out of control, I lose myself in them, and I’ve already lost too much to let them take over. I push the dream-memory down. That happened centuries ago, and it’s too late for regrets now. Because all my parents ever wanted was to be a part of the first manned interstellar exploratory mission, and all I ever wanted was to be with them. And I guess it doesn’t matter that I had a life on Earth, and that I loved Earth, and that by now, my friends have all lived and gotten old and died, and I’ve just been lying here in frozen sleep.
Rohan B. Rebello|The more you resist, the stronger you get.
Criss Jami, Healology|Reality. It is sometimes brought through foreign eyes; because if you do not know any better, you cannot see the worse (and vice versa).
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|Reality is in the ether, a blend of present-day experiences infused with one’s memories and dreams. A life that is real to one is surreal to another.
Crystal Woods, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|The reality is that people reach for a Bible when they're feeling lost. But if they hadn't shelved it, maybe they wouldn't have gotten lost.
Armin Navabi, Why There Is No God: Simple Responses to 20 Common Arguments for the Existence of God|Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.” This touches on the heart of the argumentum ad populum fallacy. Physical reality does not require belief to sustain it, and belief will not modify the rules of the universe.
Sallie Nichols|By viewing images we cast onto outer reality as mirror reflections of inner reality, we come to know ourselves.
Bradley B. Dalina|If you can't be as best as you dreamed of,Least be a good man in reality.
M.L. Sanford, Auguste and The Condition|But a fix, some magic cure to his “poor” status, was really only a dream; reality usually took precedence over everything else, especially dreams.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|Maybe I shouldn’t have told you––about it being electrical.” She put her hand out, touched his arm; she felt guilty, seeing the effect it had on him, the change.“No," Rick said. “I’m glad to know. Or rather––“ He became silent. “I’d prefer to know.
Eliot Pattison, The Lord of Death|The more one understands the world...the harder it is to obtain Buddhahood." Dakpo to Shan
Deirdre Madden, Molly Fox's Birthday: A Novel|But this was the first occasion I had come across someone for whom art was a means of avoiding reality rather than confronting it head on, an idea so strange to me that I didn't fully comprehend it at the time.
Purushothaman Kollam|When I was in Darkness,I could find my Fullness
Sanhita Baruah|Let it rain on some days,Let yourself shiver on some cold nights, So when it's Spring you'll know why it was all worth going through.
Crystal Woods, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|I'm convinced that everything I do will have a better outcome than the person who failed at it before me, because it’s the only reality I choose to accept.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus|The right method of philosophy would be this. To say nothing except what can be said, i.e. the propositions of natural science, i.e. something that has nothing to do with philosophy: and then always, when someone else wished to say something metaphysical, to demonstrate to him that he had given no meaning to certain signs in his propositions. This method would be unsatisfying to the other - he would not have the feeling that we were teaching him philosophy - but it would be the only strictly correct method. My propositions are elucidatory in this way: he who understands me finally recognizes them as senseless, when he has climbed out through them, on them, over them. (He must so to speak throw away the ladder, after he has climbed up on it.) He must surmount these propositions; then he sees the world rightly. Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Jesse Andrews, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl|[Earl, on liking someone] Because, honestly, the rational part of me know for a rock-solid fact that I would never, ever get with Madison Hartner. But that was just the rational part of me. There's always a stupid irrational part of you, too, and you can't get rid of it. You can never completely kill off that tiny absurd spark of hope that this girl-against all odds, although she could date any guy at school, not to mention guys at college, and even though you look like the Oatmeal Monster and are a compulsive eater and suffer from constant congestion and say so many stupid things per day that it seems like a Stupid Things company is paying you to do it- this girl might like you.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Does it matter whether it was a dream or a reality, if the dream made known to me the truth?
R. N. Prasher|When a lie makes a soft bed for everyone, may the truth lie low. God as commonly understood appears to be one such lie. God as non-existence is not everyone's cup of tea and He better remain so.
Paul Tillich|Only if God IS ultimate reality, can he be our unconditional concern; only then can he be the object of surrender, obedience, and assent. Faith in anything which has only preliminary reality is idolatrous.
E.E. Knight, Dragon Avenger|Does that have to go in?” Lada asked.“What do you mean?” Wistala said, brought back to the dictation.“The battle. Betrayals. Incompetence, even cowardice. Boats falling, mud everywhere, blood running from balconies, carrion birds poking marrow from bones, dwarves hanging from bridges, burned corpses, but worst of all, no hero whose courage and skill is put to the ultimate test.”“They asked for a history, they shall have my history. If someone else will have the battle take place on a spring-green field with pennants at the lance points and songs sung over the honored dead, let them write it thus. This history is a story of death begetting death, and should end with carrion birds, for they are the only ones who come out the better at the end.
Sam Harris|I have no doubt that your acceptance of Christ coincided with some very positive changes in your life. Perhaps you now love other people in a way that you never imagined possible. You may even experience feelings of bliss while praying. I don’t wish to denigrate any of these experiences. I would point out, however, that billions of other human beings, in every time and place, have had similar experiences - but they had them while thinking about Krishna, or Allah, or the Buddha, while making art or music, or while contemplating the beauty of Nature. There is no question that it is possible for people to have profoundly transformative experiences. And there is no question that it is possible for them to misinterpret these experiences, and to further delude themselves about the nature of reality. You are, of course, right to believe that there is more to life than simply understanding the structure and contents of the universe. But this does not make unjustified (and unjustifiable) claims about its structure and contents any more respectable.
Criss Jami, Healology|It is a harsh reality that some of the most important and respectable jobs which deserve high salaries might be better off with low salaries. A politician, or a minister, or a teacher is sure to be working sincerely and selflessly for the good of the people when through and through there is little monetary reward guaranteed. This is how the charlatans are weeded out of the field.
Idries Shah, A Perfumed Scorpion|The Sufi must be able to alternate his thought between the relative and the Absolute, the approximate and the Real.
R. N. Prasher|Words, with their multiple meanings and nuances are like trees and oral communication like a forest. Trees are good for hiding, forest for losing the path. When one is trying to contemplate the horizon of illusion and reality, trees and forests can offer no help.
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|...the more we learn, the more we realize how much we don't know.
Waleed Uz Zaman Khan|I know, I'm not perfect, I'm not too good, I'm an average person in everything but I also know that I'm real. And really that's enough for me and I'm very happy with it. :)
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|You know, we queens loathed rain at the beach, small cocks, and reality, I think. In that order.
Paul Tillich, Biblical Religion and the Search for Ultimate Reality|Faith…is a concern of the whole person; it is the most personal concern, and that which determines all others. …it is not something which we can produce by the will to believe, but that by which we are grasped.
Florence Converse, Diana Victrix|I know you do not understand what I am trying to tell you; I know you do not understand, because it is the thing that goes deepest into my heart, and there are no words as deep down as that. How can I make you know the reality of it? The world has spattered us all over with words, with cant phrases, with sarcasm, and with fulsome flattery. The world has been so officiously eager to explain for us the thing we mean and the worth of the thing that now, when we try to speak, our meaning is veiled, concealed, smothered, by the hideous volubility of facile expression. How can it have any reality for you when you hear only words about it?
Karen Marshall, Amongst Ourselves: A Self-Help Guide to Living with Dissociative Identity Disorder|I spent many years trying to make up reasons about why I had the ﬂashbacks, memories, continuous nightmares. When I ﬁnally decided to quit trying to hide from truth, I began to heal.
Melissa DeCarlo, The Art of Crash Landing|There is no such thing as magic," she told me. "You can b e l i e v e all you want, but it's never going to do you any good. Nobody flies. We only fall
Raphael Paolo Augustine Camañag|I once believed in faith - that if I patiently waited, something good will happen. But at the end of the chapter, I found myself devastated. Years have gone by and I'm back at chapter one again. I've tried several times already and ended up in the same ending. It was always a different title, same story; different choices made but ending up with the same plot and finale. I grew tired of this never ending maze, wandering endlessly and finally giving up faith.
Anonymous|Everything is fine, nobody is happy...
Jessica Sorensen, The Destiny of Violet & Luke|Finally I find it, the book, but as I’m pulling it out of the stack I hear a noise coming from my toy room. It sounds like scratching or scraping maybe and my mind instantly goes to the possibility that maybe it’s a monster or a dragon or something else with claws. My hand shakes a little as I stand up and turn back toward the room. When I step into it, I feel the wind hit my cheeks. I shine the light around and notice one of the windows is open. I don’t understand why. I didn’t open it and I don’t think it was open when I came down here. What if it was a monster? I sweep the flashlight around the room at all my toys as I start back toward the corner. Then the light lands on something tall… I hear voices. Ones that don’t sound like they belong to a monster, but just people. But that’s what they end up being. Terrible, horrible monsters.
Debasish Mridha|When you dream with optimism and trust, it becomes a reality fast.
Debasish Mridha|When you hate someone, in reality you are hating yourself.
Nathalie M. Llanto|I love digging myself into books because the moment I'm drifted from reality, I'm in a different world and I'm a different person.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|When reality and your dreams collide, typically it’s just your alarm clock going off.
R. N. Prasher|In some languages (Hindi is one), every perception is called "seeing". Maybe, the trick is to rely on the eyes less and less as one perceives more and more.
Milena Michiko Flašar, I Called Him Necktie|Am I still writing? Unthinkable not to. In the very darkest night the words were like shiny pebbles. They caught the light of the moon and stars and reflected it back. One word among them that shone especially brightly. Simplicity. I would approach it, stepping softly, regard it from all sides, finally pick it up, enchanted by it, recognize that its enchantment lay in its shine, its pure meaning. Simplicity. To simply be there. Simply keep going. The longer I kept going, the easier it was to see how beautiful, simply beautiful, it is to be here. I would like to write about how this word shines. I'd like to write about the simplest things.
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|We make so many of our own troubles, from mere mishaps to disasters, by dwelling on the possibility of them until the possible becomes inevitable.
Sanhita Baruah|Sometimes, you don't get what you want the most... At other times, you're just lucky.
|Try not to waste your entire life working just to earn a paycheck. Seek to discover what your true passion in life is, and start working on turning it into an empire of your own.
Haruki Murakami|You’re here,” I continued. “At least you look as if you’re here. But maybe you aren’t. Maybe it’s just your shadow. The real you may be someplace else. Or maybe you already disappeared, a long, long time ago. I reach out my hand to see, but you’ve hidden yourself behind a cloud of probablys.
Jennifer duBois, A Partial History of Lost Causes|When my father wrote about fate, I think he was writing about the reality that is, when there are so many other realities that could have been.
Amie Kaufman|I'm leaning against the bookshelves when it occurs to me that one thing here is real-the books. I reach behind me and let my fingers trail over the rough leather of their antique spines, then pull one free. Nobody here reads them; the books are for decoration. Chosen for the richness of their leather bindings not for the contents of their pages. Nobody will miss one, and I need a dose of reality.
Syed Nouman Zaidi|!!!.. "That" happiness most of us searched for (and we thought it’s about getting a person but it) was never about getting a person, we started perceiving that “person” as our life goal and we thought all we have to do in life is to get this person in any case, when this spell of short term madness of happiness ends we realizes that what we actually needed was only a helpmate towards achieving our life mission...!!!
Sandip Thapa|Help those who need it, not who want it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the reality looks extraordinarily unreal, you must know that you are in an extraordinarily beautiful place!
Fakeer Ishavardas|If you're born a man, be a man. If a woman, be proud of being one. For, you're not the body, mind, this or that. "Ye are gods!" - human.
Thomas C. Oden, Guilt Free|To the extent that we are trapped by the overvaluing, idealizing tendency, we are not free fully to celebrate the limited but real goods of creation. Idolatry by definition is not an accurate assessment of creaturely goods, but an overvaluing of them so as to miss the richness of their actual, limited values. If I worship my tennis trophies, my Mondrian, my family tree, my Kawasaki, or my bank account, then I do not really receive those goods for what they actually are - limited, historical, and finite - goods which are vulnerable to being taken away by time and death. When I pretend that a value is something more than it is, ironically I value it less appropriately than it deserves. Biblical psychology invites us to relate ourselves absolutely to the absolute and relatively to the relative.
Bethany-Kris, Shattered|We’re all monsters, sweetheart. Some of us just hide it better than others.
Cynthia Hand, The Last Time We Say Goodbye|It's just high school, man. Those guys are just high school guys, and in ten years they're going to be working for people like me. I know that. I just have to make it through two more years.
Sanhita Baruah|No matter how "normal" people look, living "ordinary" lives, everyone has a story to tell. And may be, just like you, everyone else is a misfit too.
Tony DiTerlizzi, The Search for WondLa|Welcome to the real world, Mother Robot, a beautiful and dangerous place. Now you can truly begin to live.
Henri Cartier-Bresson|Reality offers us such wealth that we must cut some of it out on the spot, simplify. The question is, do we always cut out what we should? ­
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|Conchpore is real. It is as real as Malgudi, Brahmpur, Lilliput or Macondo. And also as real as San Francisco, Madurai, Edinburgh, Gaborone or Tokyo. You know that fictional towns exist. You visit them all the time.
Anthony Liccione|Some people are severely lonely, all they can do is accept the single life as an example of being free and happy.
Adyashanti|A spiritual teaching is a finger pointing toward Reality; it is not Reality itself. To be in a true and mature relationship with a spiritual teaching requires you to apply it, not simply believe in it. Belief leads to various forms of fundamentalism and shuts down the curiosity and inquiry that are essential to open the way for awakening and what lies beyond awakening. A good spiritual teaching is something that you work with and apply. In doing so, it works on you (often in a hidden way) and helps reveal to you the Truth (and falseness) that lies within you.
José Ortega y Gasset, La Idea De Principio En Leibniz Y La Evolución De La Teoría Deductiva|So it happens that we must ask ourselves, with regard to truth, not for a new criterion for it, which will be better polished than earlier ones, but, peremptorily and seizing it by the lapels, "what is truth as such," and with regard to reality, not what things are or what and how is that which is, but for what reason that X which we call Being is in the Universe, and with regard to knowledge we must not ask for its bases and limits—as Plato, Aristotle Descartes, Kant did—but for something which comes before all this: for what reason we concern ourselves with trying to know.
Calista Smith, Breaking Down|That was your delusion, not my reality.
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|There was this saying that kept on haunting her mind – tears make you seem weak. And she wasn’t weak. It was just that sometimes when she was all alone, it had made everything seemed so much real and convincing.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|the threat of Jewish competition was taken away, but so were the Jewish customers
Reif Larsen, I Am Radar|This was the curse of the voracious reader, she realized. Real life never quite measured up to the heightened and precise contours of her literary worlds. A real war was never as true as a fictive one.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Angels, fairies, gods, hell-heaven, "mediating" messiahs, demons, spirits etc. - are but your cultural-isms. Free be of these prisons.
Joe Queenan, One for the Books|If you have read 6,000 books in your lifetime, or even 600, it's probably because at some level you find 'reality' a bit of a disappointment
Newton G Kibiringi|When all the battles are fought then the biggest battle is, the battle to honour and treasure the hard won victory.
Fakeer Ishavardas|You're not a piece of nothing, but the all of everything.
Charles Bukowski|Understand me. I’m not like an ordinary world. I have my madness, I live in another dimension and I do not have time for things that have no soul.
Caitlyn Paige|An innocent mind is a rarity. Society corrupts us all, even if only a little.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|I discovered at an early age that I was - shall we be kind and say different? It's a better, more general word than the other one... I got sick... It was the feeling that the great, deadly pointing forefinger of society was pointing at me - and the great voice of millions chanting, "Shame. Shame. Shame." It's society's way of dealing with someone different.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|I suspect that fright, like pain, is one of those things that slip our minds once they have passed. What I do remember is a feeling I'd had before when I was down here, especially when I was walking this road by myself. It was a sense that reality is thin. I think it is thin, you know, thin as lake ice after a thaw, and we fill our lives with noise and light and motion to hide that thinness from ourselves.
Matt Haig, The Humans|Human history is full of depressing things like colonization, disease, racism, sexism...inventions of things which they had no idea how to handle (the atomic bomb, the Internet, the semicolon)....And through it all there has always been some truly awful food.
Irvin D. Yalom, The Spinoza Problem|Spinoza was the supreme rationalist. He saw an endless stream of causality in the world. For him there is no such entity as will or will power. Nothing happens capriciously. Everything is caused by something prior, and the more we devote ourselves to the understanding of this causative network, the more free we become." ... "I'm sure he would have said that you are subject to passions that are driven by inadequate ideas rather than by the ideas that flow from a true quest for understanding the nature of reality." ... "He states explicitly that a passion ceases to be a passion as soon as we form a more clear and distinct idea of it--that is, the causative nexus underlying the passion." p.269
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Ah youth, youth! That's what happens when you go steeping your soul into Shakespeare
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|He woke once more to external reality, looked round him, knew what he saw- knewit, with a sinking sense of horror and disgust, for the recurrent deliriumof his days and nights, the nightmare of swarming indistinguishable sameness.
Erik Davis, TechGnosis: Myth, Magic & Mysticism in the Age of Information|The funny thing about games and fictions is that they have a weird way of bleeding into reality. Whatever else it is, the world that humans experience is animated with narratives, rituals, and roles that organize psychological experience, social relations, and our imaginative grasp of the material cosmos. The world, then, is in many ways a webwork of fictions, or, better yet, of stories. The contemporary urge to “gamify” our social and technological interactions is, in this sense, simply an extension of the existing games of subculture, of folklore, even of belief. This is the secret truth of the history of religions: not that religions are “nothing more” than fictions, crafted out of sociobiological need or wielded by evil priests to control ignorant populations, but that human reality possesses an inherently fictional or fantastic dimension whose “game engine” can — and will — be organized along variously visionary, banal, and sinister lines. Part of our obsession with counterfactual genres like sci-fi or fantasy is not that they offer escape from reality — most of these genres are glum or dystopian a lot of the time anyway — but because, in reflecting the “as if” character of the world, they are actually realer than they appear.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|A picture of a complete apple tree, however accurate, is in a certain sense much less like the tree itself than is a little daisy.
Dubravka Ugrešić, Thank You for Not Reading|No one is interested in real victims, or real criminals. Not local courts, not their fellow citizens, not publishers, and not readers. Everyone simply refuses to believe them. An imaginary crime is much more convincing; reality is too real. They can only identify with an invented crime, only paper evil can excite them.
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|To move from here to there, sometimes there is a need to suspend the present realities; they can be a distraction.
Stevie J. Cole, Jag|Find something to help you accept reality. Because after all, that's where the pain's come from - from reality.Find something good, something magnificent, find you something meaningful to fill that hole that's ate you up on the inside.
Henrietta Newton Martin|Fiction may amuse us, but reality instills lessons to be imbibed through experience; to 'live' this stark reality called 'life' as a blessing, whereas some foolishly waste it by following fiction and fictitious characters.
Robert Benson|I would almost rather we had died that day than to have found ourselves here, lost somewhere between the dreaming and the coming true.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|Well, on some level, it’s similar to the psychological phenomenon of helplessness, where the will to try is lost. You get to the point where you just assume that your spontaneous call to a friend will go to voicemail or an assistant, and you decide not to bother.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|Don’t invite envy to your house – you never know who will show up,” she used to warn me.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|If you can dispense with reputation, then you are free from care. Reputation is only a visitor, but reality is here to stay.
Terence McKenna, True Hallucinations|What is important is to understand the true boundaries of reality, not the probable boundaries of possible future events. Although boundary conditions operate on the future, they are probabilistic constraints, not absolutely determined fact. We assume that ten minutes hence, the room we are in will still exist. It is a boundary condition that will define the next ten minutes in our space/time coordinate. But we cannot know who will be in the room ten minutes hence; that is free to be determined. One may ask if we can really know that the room will exist at any future moment. This is where induction enters the picture, since in truth we cannot know with certainty. There is no absolutely rigorous way of establishing that. But we can make the inductive leap of faith that has to do with accumulated experience. We project that the existence of the room will remain a boundary condition, but in principle in the next ten minutes there could be an earthquake and this building might not be left standing. However, for that to happen, the boundary condition will have to be radically disrupted in some unexpected and improbable manner. What is so curious is that such a thing could occur.
Joanne Greenberg|What good is your reality, when justice fails and dishonesty is glossed over and the ones who keep faith suffer .... What good is your reality then?"" .... I never promised you a rose garden. I never promised you perfect justice .... and I never promised you peace or happiness .... The only reality I offer is challenge, and being well is being free to accept it or not at whatever level you are capable. I never promise lies, and the rose-garden world of perfection is a lie...and a bore, too!
Philip K. Dick|Do not assume that order and stability are always good, in a society or in a universe. The old, the ossified, must always give way to new life and the birth of new things. Before the new things can be born the old must perish. This is a dangerous realization, because it tells us that we must eventually part with much of what is familiar to us. And that hurts. But that is part of the script of life. Unless we can psychologically accommodate change, we ourselves begin to die, inwardly. What I am saying is that objects, customs, habits, and ways of life must perish so that the authentic human being can live. And it is the authentic human being who matters most, the viable, elastic organism which can bounce back, absorb, and deal with the new.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|All our emotions are real, but one has to be quite cautious with what supports their reality.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Reality is the manifestation of the inner workings, carried out by the supreme powers. Whatever you think and do right now, either positive or negative is working on your behalf because you are a co-worker of the divine.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|It comes out from no source, it goes back in through no aperture. It has reality yet no place where it resides; it has duration yet no beginning or end. Something emerges, though through no aperture - this refers to the fact that it has reality. It has reality yet there is no place where it resides - this refers to the dimension of space. It has duration but no beginning or end - this refers to the dimension of time. There is life, there is death, there is a coming out, there is a going back in - yet in the coming out and going back its form is never seen. This is called the Heavenly Gate. The Heavenly Gate is nonbeing. The ten thousand things come forth from nonbeing. Being cannot create being out of being; inevitably it must come forth from nonbeing. Nonbeing is absolute nonbeing, and it is here that the sage hides himself.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|Isn’t it better just to make your own money, and then spend it how and when you want, and with dignity?
|In order to live in the reality of your God's given destiny, you must consistently guard your mind against all self-defeating thoughts and beliefs.
|In order to live in the reality of your God's given destiny, you must consistently guard your mind against all self-defeating thoughts.
Lyssa Danehy deHart|Stories are epically important to how we view and interact in the world around us. We define ourselves, our abilities and even our goals by the stories we believe and share. These stories become part of our personal view of our world.
Deborah Bravandt, Generation Youtube: Breaking Down Social Media|As you focus on something you desire, your intent collapses scalar waves of consciousness into 3D. Your DNA literally becomes your projector of reality.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|So your theory would seem to be that lying to yourself is no lie at all because you haven’t deceived any third party. And if you then convince yourself of those lies, you’ll believe them enough to repeat them to other with the genuine conviction that they’re true.” "Something like that,” I conceded uneasily.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You can sleep in a forest and have a nice dream. But when you wake up, you will have a much better dream: The Magnificent Reality!
Alexander Zalan, Petals of Decades|Being unique - be yourself, only so you'll distinguish yourself out of the ''grey'' and motionless reality. Train positive perception of the surrounding things.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|You can't keep snakes in your backyard and expect them only to bite your neighbors. You know, eventually those snakes are going to turn on whoever has them in the backyard.
Tilicia Haridat|They say what doesn't kill u makes u stronger.. but truth is sometimes it does kill u, it kills a part of u then it makes u stronger.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Gambler|Sometimes it happens that the most insane thought, the most impossible conception, will become so fixed in one's head that at length one believes the thought or the conception to be reality. Moreover, if with the thought or the conception there is combined a strong, a passionate, desire, one will come to look upon the said thought or conception as something fated, inevitable, and foreordained—something bound to happen. Whether by this there is connoted something in the nature of a combination of presentiments, or a great effort of will, or a self-annulment of one's true expectations, and so on, I do not know;
Shannon L. Alder|Who gets to be the judge of reality? If it was deeply felt, believed, spoken about often or altered your life course, then it was real enough. Faith doesn't get the luxury of all those things one hundred percent of the time, but we call that normal behavior based on a gut feeling.” I said. I looked at his wife and she busted out laughing. Her husband was trying to catch invisible butterflies above his head—dementia. My patients teach me the most sobering of truths: Why wreck his smile. If I could see them, I would want to catch them too.
Kelly Proudfoot, Delwyn of the Realms|The supposed reality of misfiring synapses, chemical imbalances, frontal lobe anomalies and the like - did not sway her desire for escape into an alternate universe - where she could discover fascinating things about her inner world - or where she could hide from the real world.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|No matter where you go or what you do to distract yourself, reality catches up with you eventually
Jorge Luis Borges, Other Inquisitions, 1937-1952|I suspected once that any human life, however intricate and full it might be, consisted in reality of one moment: the moment when a man knows for all time who he is.
Gertrude Stein, Picasso|Spaniards and Americans are not like Europeans, they are not like Orientals, they have something in common, that is they do not need religion or mysticism not to believe in reality as all the world knows it, not even when they see it.
José Ortega y Gasset|... every hypothesis is a construction, and because of this it is an authentic theory. In so far as they merit that exigent name, ideas are never a mere reception of presumed realities, but they are constructions of possibilities; therefore they are pure bits of imagination, or fine ideas of our own...
Curious George Brigade, Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs|When faced with unbridled wildness of reality, dinosaurs fall into fevered delusions of grandeur. In fits of madness, they recreate the world in their own overblown image, bull-dozing the wild and replacing it with a wasteland that reflects their own emptiness. Where there was once the incredibly complex diversity of nature, there is now the dead simplicity of asphalt and concrete.
Husam Wafaei|There is no corelation between life and death, except that life is the biggest lie we believed, while death; is the most certain truth.
David Malki, Wondermark, Vol. 1: Beards of Our Forefathers|There's and entire world outside these bleak pages, one full of SUNRISES and KITTY-CATS and late-night BURRITO RUNS and the horrible, creaking amble of us all towards DEATH. It is to that world that I am afraid I must release you to now.
Madison Caves|Reality is messy, but fairytale is clean
Haruki Murakami|But you knoe, she's right. Every single day, each time I see her face, see her, it's utterly precious.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|One should clearly know that " Every thought that one thinks and every action based on that thought, is taking us either closer to our principal purpose or away from it" Watch out then ....as thoughts become realities!
Gemma Malley, The Resistance|Reality wasn't as important as people made it out to be; to Jude it was simply the physical state in which he found himself, an environment he had limited control over.
Aravind Adiga, Last Man in Tower|Because in this world, there is a line: on one side are the men who cannot get things done, and on the other side are the men who can. And not one in a hundred will cross that line. Will you?
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|Done and over with ... weeding is a must, it's necessary!
Taylor Armstrong, Hiding from Reality: My Story of Love, Loss, and Finding the Courage Within|When he first said my diagnosis, I couldn't believe it. There must be another PTSD than post-traumatic stress disorder, I thought. I have only heard of war veterans who have served on the front lines and seen the horrors of battle being diagnosed with PTSD. I am a Beverly Hills housewife, not a soldier. I can't have PTSD. Well, I was wrong. Housewives can get PTSD, too, and yours, truly did.
Anthony Liccione|Don't let reality, get in way of your dreams.
César Aira, How I Became a Nun|I had a real life completely separate from beliefs, from the common reality made up of shared beliefs...
Carlos Castañeda|Nothing is pending in the world…nothing is finished, yet nothing is unresolved…Everything is filled to the brim.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Words, no matter whether they are vocalized and made into sounds or remain unspoken as thoughts, can cast an almost hypnotic spell upon you. You easily lose yourself in them, become hypnotized into implicitly believing that when you have attached a word to something, you know what it is. The fact is: You don’t know what it is. You have only covered up the mystery with a label. Everything, a bird, a tree, even a simple stone, and certainly a human being, is ultimately unknowable. This is because it has unfathomable depth. All we can perceive, experience, think about, is the surface layer of reality, less than the tip of an iceberg.
Niels Bohr|I myself find the division of the world into an objective and a subjective side much too arbitrary. The fact that religions through the ages have spoken in images, parables, and paradoxes means simply that there are no other ways of grasping the reality to which they refer. But that does not mean that it is not a genuine reality. And splitting this reality into an objective and a. subjective side won't get us very far.
Taite Adams, E-Go: Ego Distancing Through Mindfulness, Emotional Intelligence, and the Language of Love|...the longer one stays in full flight from reality, the more painful will be the landing.
Michel Faber|Proof, once again, that reality was not objective, but always waiting to be reshaped and redefined by one's attitude.
Kemi Sogunle|Never shut off pain till it eats you up completely. Ensure you find someone you can confide in and trust, share your burdens, cry if you need to by letting it all out. No one is conditioned for pain. We all need to address it and let it go, knowing we cannot change the past but we can make a brighter future out of the lessons learned.
Kemi Sogunle|If you have to cut corners to get it, without allowing yourself go through the process, you will not be able to keep it.
Thiruman Archunan|Everything is as real as nothing, whatever way the nothing itself is defined.
Frances O'Roark Dowell, Ten Miles Past Normal|What's really weird is my mom's clothes smell like her. I mean, her perfume, and so all day it's like m mom has been walking right beside me. Which, you have to admit, a pretty freaky feeling.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|But George knows he can't do that. Because, absurdly, inadequately, in spite of himself, almost, he is a representative of the hope. And the hope is not false. No. It's just that George is like a man trying to sell a real diamond for a nickel, on the street. The diamond is protected from all but the tiniest few, because the great hurrying majority can never stop to dare to believe that it could conceivably be real.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Some churches, sects, cults or religious movements are basically collective egoic entities, as rigidly identified with their mental positions as the followers of any political ideology that is closed to any alternative interpretation of reality.
Shannon L. Alder|Often what people don't say or leave out, tells the real story.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, The Phenomenon of Man|I am not a human being enjoying a spiritual life, I am a spiritual being enjoying a human life.
Marilynne Robinson, Lila|Her name had the likeness of a name. She had the likeness of a woman, with hands but no face at all, since she never let herself see it. She had the likeness of a life, because she was all alone in it. She lived in the likeness of a house, with walls and a roof and a door that kept nothing in and nothing out.
Waheed Ibne Musa, Johnny Fracture|Look at yourself, you’re old, too, but still doing your work. This is what we are, Philips. This is what we are.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The trouble with poetry is it's often written to the sound of a drum only the poet may hear; nonetheless, blessed are those poets who always manage to find unshakeable pleasure in their own works.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|People debate over whether or not there is a literal Hell, in the literal sense often described as fire and eternal torture, which, to many, seems to be too harsh a punishment. If men really want to fear something, they should be fearing separation from God, the supposedly more comforting alternative to a literal Hell. For separation from the authorship of love, mercy, and goodness is the ultimate torture. If you think a literal Hell sounds too bad, you are very much underestimating the pain of being absolutely, wholly separated from the goodness while exposed to the reality of the holiness of God.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Reality, it seems, is not a flat plane, but has as many veils as an onion has skins.
Irfa Rahat|1715Whatever, however anybody leaves you alone and you think its your fault, its wrong, you are not alone because.... God is always with you, its not your fault the person who gone is just not perfect for you..!
Jade Kosche|As a sea is full of drops of liquid, I was but one in the ocean of WarMany are swept ruthlessly into the battering, bashing waves, and only few survive to swim to shore
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|For someone to be perfect, they must be real, however imperfect they are.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|It is a matter of mere coincidence that there is often a real individual who corresponds with a celebrity, signifies them.
Lisa Bedrick, Jesus, God and Us|Be careful what you wish for or pray for, because whatever you wish for or pray for, you will have to take care of.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|I heard this when I was in the Air Force: “There’s never enough time to do the job right, but always enough time to do it over.
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|If we lived close to nature in an agricultural society, the seasons as metaphor and fact would continually frame our lives. But the master metaphor of our era does not come from agriculture - it comes from manufacturing. We do not believe that we 'grow' our lives - we believe that we 'make' them. Just listen to how we use the word in everyday speech: we make time, make friends, make meaning, make money, make a living, make love.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|If we look upon the earth as a place where our 'higher selves' have come to learn, to experience, or even to be judged, then the splitting of realities that occurs with the many-worlds interpretation is merely an extension of these functions.
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|The door that closed kept us from entering a room, but what now lies before us is the rest of reality.
Muhammad Danish Adeel|Sincerity is nothing to express, it appears over the period. Just try to hold and wait....
Ali Asad|Tomorrow is like infinity,it doesn't really exist.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|No matter who you are, everyone has a shadow; a constant darkness that follows them wherever they go…unless where you go is into the darkness itself, of course, because then you have already been consumed.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|Like the very quantum particles we study, we must be comfortable allowing our view of the world to exist in superposition.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|Our consciousness and awareness, which includes our choices as to where we place our focus, alters the paths of our lives, and creates a split in reality, leading to the creation of two or more worlds at any moment in time.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|Keep your head up and your hopes high, friend; anything is possible.
N.T. Wright|When God “saves” people in this life, by working through His Spirit to bring them to faith, and by leading them to follow Jesus in discipleship, prayer, holiness, hope and love, such people are designed – it isn’t too strong a word – to be a sign and foretaste of what God wants to do for the entire cosmos. What’s more, such people are not just to be a sign and foretaste of that ultimate “salvation”; they are to be part of the means by which God makes this happen in both the present and the future.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|The end occurred mostly in her whispers and his silence - because he couldn't whisper and they didn't want to wake Colin's parents. They succeeded in staying quiet, in part because it felt like the air had been shocked out of him. Paradoxically, he felt as if his getting dumped was the only thing happening on the entire dark and silent planet, and also as if it weren't happening at all. He felt himself drifting away from the one-sided whispered conversation, wondering if maybe everything big and heartbreaking and incomprehensible is a paradox.
Francisco X. Stork, Marcelo in the Real World|You always do this to people?""Do what?""Get them to empty their guts out just like that.""We do not have much time. We should only talk about what is important.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|Sun and snow is an Angel’s glow, but storm and rain? That’s a Demon’s bane.
Munia Khan|When reality hurts, make sure to soar above the dream-stained sky!
Debasish Mridha|In our dreams every man and woman are amazingly perfect, but in reality they have imperfections, so accept it without judgement.
Thomas Ligotti|In the recumbence of depression, your information-gathering system collates its intelligence and reports to you these facts: (1) there is nothing to do; (2) there is nowhere to go; (3) there is nothing to be; (4) there is no one to know. Without meaning-charged emotions keeping your brain on the straight and narrow, you would lose your balance and fall into an abyss of lucidity. And for a conscious being, lucidity is a cocktail without ingredients, a crystal clear concoction that will leave you hung over with reality. In perfect knowledge there is only perfect nothingness, which is perfectly painful if what you want is meaning in your life.
Ernest Becker, The Denial of Death|[Man] literally drives himself into a blind obliviousness with social games, psychological tricks, personal preoccupations so far removed from the reality of his situation that they are forms of madness, but madness all the same.
Ryan Lilly|Not only should we encourage kids to daydream, but also to jump-in and build those dreams. Dreaming is largely lost among adults drowning in self-imposed realities.
David Cronenberg, Consumed|Reality is neurology, and is not absolute.
