Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The senator...was a smart man who had made his way in life with a single-mindedness oblivious to any of those stumbling blocks known as conscience, sworn oaths, justice, duty...
Lailah Gifty Akita|Change can only take place, if we desire for change.
Timothy Snyder, On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century|Both of these positions, inevitability and eternity, are antihistorical. The only thing that stands between them is history itself. History allows us to see patterns and make judgments. It sketches for us the structures within which we can seek freedom. It reveals moments, of each of them different, none entirely unique. To understand one moment is to see the possibility of being the cocreator of another. History permits us to be responsible: not for everything, but for something. The Polish poet Czesław Miłosz thought that such a notion of responsibility worked against loneliness and indifference. History gives us the company of those who have done and suffered more than we have.
Bruno Latour, Reassembling the Social: An Introduction to Actor-Network-Theory|In the letters section, a Scot reminds his readers of the ‘Glorious Alliance’ between France and Mary Queen of Scots, which explains why Scotland should not share the rabid Europhobia of Englishmen.
Rod Dreher|Here's how to get started with the antipolitical politics of the Benedict Option. Secede culturally from the mainstream. Turn off the television. Put the smartphones away. Read books. Play games. Make music. Feast with your neighbors. It is not enough to avoid what is bad; you must also embrace what is good. Start a church, or a group within your church. Open a classical Christian school, or join and strengthen one that exists. Plant a garden, and participate in a local farmer's market. Teach kids how to play music, and start a band. Join the volunteer fire department.
Steve Brouwer, Sharing the Pie : A Citizen's Guide to Wealth and Power|It is possible that the next economic downturn--or stock market crash--will bring on further developments. During the recession at the end of the 1980s, ex-Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke gathered strong support from disgruntled citizens in Louisiana for his gubernatorial and US Senate races. Voters did not seem to be bothered by his record, which included plenty of statements like: "The Jews have been working against our national interest. . . . I think they should be punished."Bertram Gross and Kevin Phillips had each foreseen part of a process that engendered remarkable tolerance for authoritarian political solutions. Gross correctly identified the kind of authority that the corporate world wanted to exercise over working- and middle-class Americans. Phillips was perceptive about the way ordinary Americans would participate in actually constructing a more harsh and restrictive social milieu. By the 1990s the two strands were coalescing into something we could call "Authoritarian Democracy." Today it is clear that the goals of the corporate rich can be furthered by the enthusiasms of the popular classes, especially in the realms of religion.
Walter M. Miller|After twelve centuries, a little hope had come into the world - and then came an illiterate prince to ride roughshod over it with a barbarian horde and...
Frederick the Great, Anti-Machiavel|It is enough", this malicious man tells us, "to extinguish the line of the defeated prince." Can one read this without quivering in horror and indignation?
Eric Liu, You're More Powerful than You Think: A Citizen's Guide to Making Change Happen|Alexis de Tocqueville warned that as the economy and government of America got bigger, citizens could become smaller: less practiced in the forms of everyday power, more dependent on vast distant social machines, more isolated and atomized--and therefore more susceptible to despotism.He warned that if the "habits of the heart" fed by civic clubs and active self-government evaporated, citizens would regress to pure egoism. They would stop thinking about things greater than their immediate circle. Public life would disappear. And that would only accelerate their own disempowerment.This is painfully close to a description of the United States since Trump and Europe since Brexit. And the only way to reverse this vicious cycle of retreat and atrophy is to reverse it: to find a sense of purpose that is greater than the self, and to exercise power with others and for others in democratic life.
Jean Sasson, Princess: A True Story of Life Behind the Veil in Saudi Arabia|In California, after weeks of meeting transported Americans from practically every state in the Union, I announced to Kareem that I liked these strange loud people, the Americans. When he asked me why, I had difficulty in voicing what I felt in my heart. I finally said: 'I believe this marvellous mixture of cultures has brought civilization closer to reality than in any other culture in history.' I was certain Kareem did not understand what I meant and I tried to explain. 'So few countries manage complete freedom for all their citizens without chaos; this has been accomplished in this huge land. It appears impossible for large numbers of people to stay on a course of freedom for all when so many options are available. Just imagine what would happen in the Arab world; a country the size of America would have a war a minute, with each man certain he had the only correct answer for the good of all! In our lands, men look no farther than their own noses for a solution. Here, it is different.'Kareem looked at me in amazement. Not used to a woman interested in the greater scheme of things, he questioned me into the night to learn my thoughts on various matters. It was obvious that my husband was not accustomed to a woman with opinions of her own. He seemed in utter shock that I thought of political issues and the state of the world. Finally, he kissed me on the neck and said that I would continue my education once we returned to Riyadh. Irritated at his tone of permission, I told him I was not aware that my education was up for discussion.
Helen MacInnes, Decision at Delphi|Americans by the very nature of the soft fat they collected around their brains along with all of their comforts, their total ignorance of historical meanings, their delusion that anarchists were either comic little men plotting nothings in a dark cellar or misunderstood cranks--how could Americans be taken seriously in a world of real politics?
Michael Davidow, The Rocketdyne Commission|They were free to be what they wanted to be, and what they wanted to be was nothing.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|In politics, you know, as well as I do, there are no men, but ideas - no feelings, but interests.
Steve Brouwer, Sharing the Pie : A Citizen's Guide to Wealth and Power|Astute social commentators had been anticipating this rightward shift since the early 1980s. Bertram Gross predicted, in his book Friendly Fascism, that the United States might arrive at a gentler form of the virulent ultranationalism, antilabor activity, and racism, which coalesced into fascism in Europe in the 1930s. Corporate America would tolerate such a rightward drift, so the argument went, because more government restrictions on personal freedom would enhance business efforts to discipline the labor force and increase corporate profits.
Helen Potrebenko, Taxi!: A Novel|Eddie and Jim both said it was a great thing the Russians were winning because the strongest team should win. Shannon thought the fascist philosophy was a very comfortable one. You simply cheered for the winner, who proved by virtue of winning that he should have won. No analysis, no doubts, no troubling moral questions.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|There is something less than fully human in those who have never known a commitment to an idea, who have never risked an exploration of the unknown, who have never attempted the kind of creativity of which men and women are potentially capable.
Steven Magee|Politics, it's all corrupt!
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|But of course, when they ask for a "lead from the church," most people mean they want the clergy to put out a political program. That is silly. The clergy are those particular people within the whole church who have been specially trained and set aside to look after what concerns us as creatures who are going to live forever. And we are asking them to do a quite different job, for which they have not been trained. The job is really on us- on the laymen.
Ray Palla, H: Infidels of Oil|I swear if Washington moved any slower, we could be at war and it would all be over before they could even lift their sluggish, naked, dead asses off of their comfortable heated-seat toilets. -Fitzhugh to Captain Jeeter
John   Kramer, Blythe|In politics and passion, perception is reality.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|That, after all, was his job. The title of emperor carried with it only a single duty.To make everything better.
Richard Rumbold|I never could believe that Providencehad sent a few men into the world,ready booted and spurred to ride, andmillions ready saddled and bridled to be ridden.
DaShanne Stokes|If you voted for a man who said "Grab em by the pussy," you have zero room to claim to protect anyone in bathrooms.
Marcelo Figueras, Kamchatka|When you're a kid, the world can be bounded in a nutshell. In geographical terms, a child's universe is a space that comprises home, school and—possibly—the neighbourhood where your cousins or your grandparents live. In my case, the universe sat comfortably within a small area of Flores that ran from the junction of Boyacá and Avellaneda (my house), to the Plaza Flores (my school). My only forays beyond the area were when we went on holiday (to Córdoba or Bariloche or to the beach) or occasional, increasingly rare visits to my grandparents' farm in Dorrego, in the province of Buenos Aires.We get our fist glimpse of the big wide world from those we love unconditionally. If we see our elders suffer because they cannot get a job, or see them demoted, or working for a pittance, our compassion translates these observations and we conclude that the world outside is cruel and brutal. (This is politics.) If we hear our parents bad-mouthing certain politicians and agreeing with their opponents, our compassion translates these observations and we conclude that the former are bad guys and the latter are good guys. (This is politics.) If we observe palpable fear in our parents at the very sight of soldiers and policemen, our compassion translates our observations and we conclude that, though all children have bogeymen, ours wear uniforms. (This is politics.)
George Orwell, 1984|It is deliberate policy to keep even the favoured groups somewhere near the brink of hardship, because a general state of scarcity increases the importance of small privileges and thus magnifies the distinction between one group and another. By the standards of the early twentieth century, even a member of the Inner Party lives an austere, laborious kind of life. Nevertheless, the few luxuries that he does enjoy his large, well-appointed flat, the better texture of his clothes, the better quality of his food and drink and tobacco, his two or three servants, his private motor-car or helicopter—set him in a different world from a member of the Outer Party, and the members of the Outer Party have a similar advantage in comparison with the submerged masses whom we call ‘the proles’.
George Orwell, 1984|And why do you imagine that we bring people to this place?’ ‘To make them confess.’ ‘No, that is not the reason. Try again.’ ‘To punish them.’ ‘No!’ exclaimed O’Brien. His voice had changed extraordinarily, and his face had suddenly become both stern and animated. ‘No! Not merely to extract your confession, not to punish you. Shall I tell you why we have brought you here? To cure you! To make you sane! Will you understand, Winston, that no one whom we bring to this place ever leaves our hands uncured? We are not interested in those stupid crimes that you have committed. The Party is not interested in the overt act: the thought is all we care about. We do not merely destroy our enemies, we change them. Do you understand what I mean by that?
Jack Campbell|That’s the difference between good military commanders and good politicians, John Geary. You’ve shown me that a good military commander spends the lives of their people reluctantly and with regret, but does spend them when necessary. The good politician does the same thing with principles. There aren’t any fine burials for sacrificed principles, though.
Plato, Euthyphro|...[T]he right way is to give one's attention first to the highest good of the young, just as you expect a good gardener to give his attention first to the young plants, and after that to the others. - Socrates
Angelica Hopes|True understanding involves sincere honesty and holistic, deep listening without the political corruption of evil power players. ~ Angelica Hopes, an excerpt from my book K.H. trilogy
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|Andrei Yanuaryevich (one longs to blurt out, “Jaguaryevich”) Vyshinsky, availing himself of the most flexible dialectics (of a sort nowadays not permitted either Soviet citizens or electronic calculators, since to them yes is yes and no is no), pointed out in a report which became famous in certain circles that it is never possible for mortal men to establish absolute truth, but relative truth only. He then proceeded to a further step, which jurists of the last two thousand years had not been willing to take: that the truth established by interrogation and trial could not be absolute, but only, so to speak, relative. Therefore, when we sign a sentence ordering someone to be shot we can never be absolutely certain, but only approximately, in view of certain hypotheses, and in a certain sense, that we are punishing a guilty person. Thence arose the most practical conclusion: that it was useless to seek absolute evidence-for evidence is always relative-or unchallengeable witnesses-for they can say different things at different times. The proofs of guilt were relative, approximate, and the interrogator could find them, even when there was no evidence and no witness, without leaving his office, “basing his conclusions not only on his own intellect but also on his Party sensitivity, his moral forces” (in other words, the superiority of someone who has slept well, has been well fed, and has not been beaten up) “and on his character” (i.e., his willingness to apply cruelty!)… In only one respect did Vyshinsky fail to be consistent and retreat from dialectical logic: for some reason, the executioner’s bullet which he allowed was not relative but absolute…
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Many criminologists believe that the source of the state’s pacifying effect isn’t just its brute coercive power but the trust it commands among the populace. After all, no state can post an informant in every pub and farmhouse to monitor breaches of the law, and those that try are totalitarian dictatorships that rule by fear, not civilized societies where people coexist through self-control and empathy. A Leviathan can civilize a society only when the citizens feel that its laws, law enforcement, and other social arrangements are legitimate, so that they don’t fall back on their worst impulses as soon as Leviathan’s back is turned.
David Hume, Essays: Moral, Political and Literary|I am apt, however, to entertain a Suspicion, that the World is still too young to fix any general stable Truths in Politics, which will remain true to the latest Posterity. We have not as yet had Experience of above three thousand Years; so that not only the Art of Reasoning is still defective in this Science, as well as in all others, but we even want sufficient Materials, upon which we can reason. 'Tis not sufficiently known, what Degrees of Refinement, either in Virtue or Vice, human Nature is susceptible of; nor what may be expected of Mankind from any great Revolution in their Education, Customs, or Principles.
David Hume, Selected Essays|I began to entertain a suspicion, that no man in this age was sufficiently qualified for such an undertaking; and that whatever any one should advance on that head would, in all probability, be refuted by further experience, and be rejected by posterity. Such mighty revolutions have happened in human affairs, and so many events have arisen contrary to the expectation of the ancients, that they are sufficient to beget the suspicion of still further changes.
David Hume, Selected Essays|Of all sciences there is none, where first appearances are more deceitful than in politics.
Yiyun Li, Dear Friend, from My Life I Write to You in Your Life|I have spent much of my life turning away from the scripts given to me, in China and in America; my refusal to be defined by the will of others is my one and only political statement.
Linda Stout, Bridging the Class Divide: And Other Lessons for Grassroots Organizing|Unless institutional power reinforces the hurt and prejudice suffered by a group, it is not oppression. By definition, a person of color cannot be racist, or a woman sexist, because they do not have the institutionalized power to act on their prejudices. Also, by definition, all white people are racist, not just because of the personal attitudes that we usually think of as racist, but because of the privilege white skin brings in our society. Whites cannot say they are not racist because they are born into a society that teaches racism and reinforces white privilege every day even before they can be aware of it. Whites can choose, however, to be active antiracists, which means making a commitment to a lifelong process of learning to recognize racism in themselves and in the institutions they are part of and taking steps to stop it.
Moisés Naím, The End of Power: From Boardrooms to Battlefields and Churches to States, Why Being In Charge Isn't What It Used to Be|Established politicians are also bumping into a new cast of characters within corridors of legislative power. In 2010 parliamentary elections in Brazil, for example, the candidate who won the most votes anywhere in the country (and the second-most-voted congressman in the country's history) was a clown - an actual clown who went by the name of Tiririca and wore his clown costume while he campaigned. His platform was as anti-politician as it gets. "I don't know what a representative in congress does," he told voters in YouTube video that attracted millions of voters, "but if you send me there I will tell you". He also explained that his goal was "to help needy people in this country, but especially my family".
John P. Avlon|The heirs of Jefferson and Madison would be the Democratic-Republicans, the heirs of Hamilton and Adams would be the Federalists. But the heirs of Washington would be all Americans.
Rosario Morales, Getting Home Alive|I am political in spite of myself. I don't want to do the things I know I have to do, don't want to expose myself to disapproval, to retribution, don't want to go to meetings and demonstrations, distribute leaflets, don't want to ask people for signatures, for money. I don't do these things as naturally as I breathe, the way I imagine real political people do, real communists, real socialists and feminists, real radicals, real troublemakers, real champions of the people. I do them because I know I've got to, because I am convinced it's the only way to make changes, to stop abuses. I do them almost as a last resort. I do them because I've been putting off doing them, avoiding them for months, because finally the necessity has gripped me and overcome my reluctance, my desire for the warmth of my room, for my books, for my people, for the reassurance of my homely habits.
Kermit Roosevelt III, Allegiance|We are at war, and in time of war there is only one rule. Form your battalion and fight.
Tony Benn|An educated, healthy & confident nation is harder to govern
Abhijit Naskar|A nation with a thousand awakened citizens and a corrupt leader, is much more alive than a nation with an awakened leader and a thousand corrupt citizens.
Noam Chomsky, The Kind of Anarchism I Believe in, and What's Wrong with Libertarians|In fact quite generally, commercial advertising is fundamentally an effort to undermine markets. We should recognize that. If you’ve taken an economics course, you know that markets are supposed to be based on informed consumers making rational choices. You take a look at the first ad you see on television and ask yourself … is that it’s purpose? No it’s not. It’s to create uninformed consumers making irrational choices. And these same institutions run political campaigns. It’s pretty much the same: you have to undermine democracy by trying to get uninformed people to make irrational choices.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|If Marx came back to life today, he would probably urge his few remaining disciples to devote less time to reading Das Kapital and more time to studying the Internet and the human genome.
Mira Grant, Blackout|The problem with people who have power is that they start thinking more about what it takes to keep that power than they do about whats right or wrong or just plain a bad idea. Here's a tip for you: if you're ever in a position to be making calls on right and wrong that can impact an entire nation, run your decisions past a six year old. If they look at you in horror and tell you you're getting coal in your stocking for the rest of your life, you should probably reconsider your course of action. Unless you want to be remembered as a monster, in which case, knock yourself out.
Atom Tate|If the Nazis are Socialists simply because they call themselves Socialists, then North Korea really is a Democratic Republic.
Timothy Snyder, On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century|Life is political, not because the world cares about how you feel, but because the world reacts to what you do. The minor choices we make are a kind of vote, making it more or less likely that free and fair elections will be held in the future. In the politics of the everyday, our words and gestures, or their absence, count very much.
Timothy Snyder, On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century|The whole notion of disruption is adolescent: It assumes that after the teenagers make a mess, the adults will come and clean it up. But there are no adults. We own this mess.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|Educated and ambitious, with their own forthright opinions, the women of the Garvey set did more to determine political direction than many councillors. Their involvement in public life and political machinations was such that the Shylonian ambassador was able to report, to his monarch, that the women of the Garvey clique were ‘politicians first, homemakers second.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|What had, moments ago, appeared a dangerous gambit, now seemed an elegant coup de maître.
DaShanne Stokes|When you're dealing with frauds and liars, listen more to what they don't say than what they do.
Murray Rothbard|Scratch a “libertarian” these days, and you will find...a leftist.
Neal Shusterman, Scythe|We're roughage," Tyger said. "If we don't cause a little intestinal distress, no one knows we're there.
Vanessa Williamson, Read My Lips: Why Americans Are Proud to Pay Taxes|The idea that "Americans hate taxes" has become a truism without the benefit of being true. Instead, Americans see paying taxes as a civic obligation and a political act. To be a taxpayer, Americans believe, is something to be proud of. It is evidence that one is a responsible, contributing, and upstanding member of society, a person worthy of respect in the community and representation in the government.
Rodney Page, Powers Not Delegated|The campaign website was funded by Armistead, and he personally authored the content. He was determined that the campaign's values and goals would fit on one page. The website developer, who was experienced with political campaigns, was opposed to this. He lobbied for detailed policy statements and explanations, which was the conventional approach. But Armistead disagreed. The website developer thus learned that day that core principles were more important than thousands of words of speculative verbiage.
Stephen Harrigan, A Friend of Mr. Lincoln|It'll be an unholy muddle, that's for sure," he was saying. "Me and Hardin and Baker all with our claws out for the same seat. The thing will have to be done carefully or we'll end up with out tidy little Whig house divided.""Why don't you take turns?""It's worth thinking about, but no matter how much you'd like politics to be a cotillion it just naturally wants to be a dirt fight.
Henry Martyn Robert, Parliamentary Law|The greatest lesson for democracies to learn is for the majority to give to the minority a full, free opportunity to present their side of the case, and then for the minority, having failed to win a majority to their views, gracefully to submit and to recognize the action as that of the entire organization, and cheerfully to assist in carrying it out until they can secure its repeal.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|In democracy, our most important tool is to vote. But our power tool is when we have the power to influence others on who to vote for.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|The moment you vote, you are a citizen. But moment you make your vote public, you are a politician.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|Vote; it’s the most important right granted to you as a citizen. But unless you are a politician, stay out of politics because your gains will not change anything and your losses will only make you waste your time and many friendships.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe, Democracy--The God That Failed: The Economics and Politics of Monarchy, Democracy, and Natural Order|With a [democratic] government anyone in principle can become a member of the ruling class or even the supreme power. The distinction between the rulers and the ruled as well as the class consciousness of the ruled become blurred. The illusion even arises that the distinction no longer exists: that with a public government no one is ruled by anyone, but everyone instead rules himself. Accordingly, public resistance against government power is systematically weakened. While exploitation and expropriation before might have appeared plainly oppressive and evil to the public, they seem much less so, mankind being what it is, once anyone may freely enter the ranks of those who are at the receiving end. Consequently, [exploitation will increase], whether openly in the form of higher taxes or discretely as increased governmental money “creation” (inflation) or legislative regulation.
Tom Black, 10 Leaders Britain Never Had|Osborne paused. “There is... something else.”Clegg sighed.“What?”“Your Wikipedia page.”“What? My-”“It says you're Prime Minister now.”“Well, it was news to me that I'm not, I can't-”“Was it one of your staff?”Silence fell heavily on the room. Clegg tilted his head to one side.“Are you... what are you...” he began.“I'm asking because if it was, it could be... serious.” Another pause. This time, Clegg couldn't help but smile in disbelief.“Are you going to accuse my staff of a constitutional coup for editing Wikipedia?
Russell Kirk, Ancestral Shadows: An Anthology of Ghostly Tales|To the modern politician and planner, men are the flies of a summer, oblivious of their past, reckless of their future.
Theodor Herzl, The Jewish State|I also hold a settling of questions by the referendum to be an unsatisfactory procedure, because there are no simple political questions which can be answered merely by Yes and No. The masses are also more prone even than Parliaments to be led away by heterodox opinions, and to be swayed by vigorous ranting. It is impossible to formulate a wise internal or external policy in a popular assembly.
John Webster, The White Devil|Princes give rewards with their own hands,But death or punishment by the hands of other.
May Martin Van Wye, Eve's Tower|But Frances was beginning to feel that somewhere along the line, property, business, and all that contributes to the creation of wealth, must give back to government enough to guarantee adequate safeguarding of human welfare. The question would be, how to protect human beings against homelessness, starvation, and dependent old age without breaking down human initiative. She was seeing this as one fundamental problem of the government of the future; seeing too that somewhere leaders must arise who will be able to cope with this problem—honest leaders who will see the problem in its many-sidedness, and at last be able to solve it constructively.
Beth Underdown, The Witchfinder's Sister|Lying bed, I listened to them, and I wonder now where in truth the real power rested that night: whether in the hands of men like Grimston, men like Edwards. Whether it slept with the King at Oxford in an ordinary bed, dormant, like a taint in the blood. Whether it rested on the waiting benches of the Commons, or whether it went home with their plain occupants, like a shilling in each of their pockets.I think the truth is that, rather than resting in any one of several places, all real power had gone loose by that night through the realm; and the land might have belonged to any man. Any man with the will to say, 'This is what we shall do.
Vanessa Williamson, Read My Lips: Why Americans Are Proud to Pay Taxes|Because taxpaying is seen as an emblem of civic worthiness, denying the poor the status of taxpayers has the effect of denying their political standing. Classing a large percentage of the populace as a kind of second-class citizenry is genuinely toxic for democratic norms.
Roger Scruton, England: An Elegy|The heretic is the one who speaks against the community from a place within its territory. He is the enemy within. The heathen, by contrast, is safely behind the walls, excluded by his own invincible arrogance.
Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward|Bernstein was impressed by Sloan's thoughtfulness. Sloan seemed convinced that the President, whom he very much wanted to see re-elected, had known nothing of what happened before June 17; but he was as sure that Nixon had been ill-served by his surrogates before the bugging and had been put in increasing jeopardy by them ever since. Sloan believed that the prosecutors were honest men, determined to learn the truth, but there were obstacles they had been unable to overcome. He couldn't tell whether the FBI had been merely sloppy or under pressure to follow procedures that would impede an effective investigation. He believed the press was doing its job, but, in the absence of candor from the committee, it had reached unfair conclusions about some people. Sloan himself was a prime example. He was not bitter, just disillusioned. All he wanted now was to clean up his legal obligations - testimony in the trial and in the civil suit - and leave Washington forever. He was looking for a job in industry, a management position, but it was difficult. His name had been in the papers often. He would not work for the White House again even if asked to come back. He wished he were in Bernstein's place, wished he could write. Maybe then he could express what had been going through his mind. Not the cold, hard facts of Watergate necessarily - that wasn't really what was important. But what it was like for young men and women to come to Washington because they believed in something and then to be inside and see how things worked and watch their own ideals disintegrate.
Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward|He believed the press was doing its job, but, in the absence of candor from the committee, it had reached unfair conclusions about some people. Sloan himself was a prime example. He was not bitter, just disillusioned. All he wanted now was to clean up his legal obligations - testimony in the trial and in the civil suit - and leave Washington forever. He was looking for a job in industry, a management position, but it was difficult. His name had been in the papers often. He would not work for the White House again even if asked to come back. He wished he were in Bernstein's place, wished he could write. Maybe then he could express what had been going through his mind. Not the cold, hard facts of Watergate necessarily - that wasn't really what was important. But what it was like for young men and women to come to Washington because they believed in something and then to be inside and see how things worked and watch their own ideals disintegrate.
Haroutioun Bochnakian|The political parties are there to distract us from our systems of government; instead of focusing on the system, we focus on political parties to vote for.Voting is our only encouraged interaction with our systems of government.The choice between political parties fractures our nations yet further, turns our focus on each other, and away from the mechanisms of our systems of government.
Haroutioun Bochnakian|Currently the best educated and the brightest minds of any nation are not among its elected, but among its public, and in much greater numbers.But even having a great number of the best and the brightest amongst us does not make us capable of installing a working version of direct democracy right away. People who claim that it does, may be there to voluntarily or involuntarily damage the credibility of direct democracy.Direct democracy needs a yet inexistent infrastructure to support the new mechanism that will render the public capable of constituting the experience necessary to domesticate direct democracy, without destabilizing our societies with needless haste, emotions and fractures. One way of doing it may be the constitution of a nation-wide, internet reliant hence fluid, non-political organism parallel but totally hermetic to our representative democracies, with a unique objective: creating the means, platforms and protocols necessary for the public and all the specialists it contains, to communicate horizontally.The public may decide to keep for the moment our representative democracies, but in parallel create an experimental version of direct democracy until we all acquire the necessary perspective and invent new working mechanisms of self-governance. Later the public may decide to have both representative and direct democracies sharing governance for a time, and experience first-hand the advantages and disadvantages of both systems before deciding where to go from there.
Robert A. Heinlein, For Us, the Living: A Comedy of Customs|Every citizen is free to perform any act which does not hamper the equal freedom of another. No law shall forbid the performance of any act, which does not damage the physical or economic welfare of any other person.
Maxine Leeds Craig, Ain't I a Beauty Queen?: Black Women, Beauty, and the Politics of Race: Culture, Social Movements, and the Politics of Race|When and where there is repression, what a woman does when she gets dressed in the morning may be considered political. Wearing or not wearing a veil, disobeying laws that prohibit transgender dressing, or wearing a large Afro in an institution that seeks to diminish the formation of racial alliances are all actions that can serve as challenges to domination
Robert A. Caro, The Passage of Power|It was Abraham Lincoln who struck off the chains of black Americans, but it was Lyndon Johnson who led them into voting booths, closed democracy's sacred curtain behind them, placed their hands upon the lever that gave them a hold on their own destiny, made them, at last and forever, a true part of American political life. How true a part? Forty-three years later, a mere blink of history's eye, a black American, Barack Obama, was sitting behind the desk in the Oval Office.
Wendy Brown, Undoing the Demos: Neoliberalism's Stealth Revolution|As neoliberalism wages war on public goods and the very idea of a public, including citizenship beyond membership, it dramatically thins public life without killing politics. Struggles remain over power, hegemonic values, resources, and future trajectories. This persistence of politics amid the destruction of public life and especially educated public life, combined with the marketization of the political sphere, is part of what makes contemporary politics peculiarly unappealing and toxic— full of ranting and posturing, emptied of intellectual seriousness, pandering to an uneducated and manipulable electorate and a celebrity-and-scandal-hungry corporate media. Neoliberalism generates a condition of politics absent democratic institutions that would support a democratic public and all that such a public represents at its best: informed passion, respectful deliberation, aspirational sovereignty, sharp containment of powers that would overrule or undermine it.
Patricia Briggs, Silence Fallen|You are looking at this wrong. You think I hold my territory by the might of my fist. But that's not it. I hold my territory by consent of the governed. I think it is a very American concept, which might be why you never looked for it." — Adam Hauptman, Columbia Basin Pack Alpha, to Iacopo (Jacob) Bonarata, Lord of the Night (master vampire of Milan)
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|The chief qualification of a mass leader has become unending infallibility: he can never admit an error.....The propaganda effect of infallibility, the striking success of posing as a mere interpreting agent of predictable forces, has encouraged in totalitarian dictators the habit of announcing their political intentions in the form of prophecy....Mass leaders in power have one concern wich overrules all utilitarian considerations: to make their predictions come true.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Politics means implementation of the best ideas for the society in the path of wellbeing and progress. This is the approach that gave the world, leaders of glorious characters such as Abraham Lincoln, Martin Luther King Jr., Subhas Chandra Bose (the actual man behind India’s Independence), Vasil Levski (the man who liberated Bulgaria from the Ottoman oppression), Nelson Mandela and many more. These people were technically politicians too, but unlike the majority of the politicians ofmodern society, their approach to politics was what it should be in a real system of politics.
Hannah Arendt, Crises of the Republic: Lying in Politics, Civil Disobedience, On Violence, and Thoughts on Politics and Revolution|Oddly enough, the only person likely to be an ideal victim of complete manipulation is the President of the United States. Because of the immensity of his job, he must surround himself with advisers, the "National Security Managers", as they have been recently called by Richard Barnet, who "exercise their power chiefly by filtering the information that reaches the President and interpreting the outside world for him".
Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers|[Voltaire] theoretically prefers a republic, but he knows its flaws: it permits factions which, if they do not bring on civil war, at least destroy national unity; it is suited only to small states protected by geographic situation, and as yet unspoiled and untorn with wealth; in general "men are rarely worthy to govern themselves." Republics are transient at best; they are the first form of society, arising from the union of families; the American Indians lived in tribal republics, and Africa is full of such democracies. but differentiation of economic status puts an end to these egalitarian governments; and differentiation is the inevitable accompaniment of development.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|You know what politique is? It is the French word for a lie. Kdoub! Politique! When you hear the French say: our politique, you know they mean: our lies. And when you hear the Moslems, the Friends of Independence, say: our politique, you know they mean: our lies. All lies are sins. And so, which displeases Allah more, a lie told by a Nazarene, who doesn’t know the true faith from the false, or a lie told by a Moslem, who does?
Robert A. Caro, The Passage of Power|You know,' Russell said, 'we could have beaten John Kennedy on civil rights, but not Lyndon Johnson.' There was a pause. A man was perhaps contemplating the end of a way of life he cherished. He was perhaps contemplating the fact that he had played a large role - perhaps the largest role - in raising to power the man who was going to end that way of life. But when, a moment later, Richard Russell spoke again, it was only to repeat the remark. 'We could have beaten Kennedy on civil rights, but we can't Lyndon.
Robert A. Caro, Robert A. Caro's The Years of Lyndon Johnson Set: The Path to Power; Means of Ascent; Master of the Senate; The Passage of Power|No southerner had been elected President for more than a century, and it was a bitter article of faith among southern politicians that no southerner would be elected President in any foreseeable future; when members of the House of Representatives gave their Speaker, Sam Rayburn, ruler of the House for more than two decades, a limousine as a present, attached to the back of the front seat was a plaque that read 'To Our Beloved Sam Rayburn - Who Would Have Been President If He Had Come From Any Place but the South.
Joshua Goldberg|The “social justice” movement is not at all about social justice, but about relentlessly bullying anyone who does not subscribe to their Stalinist ideology.
Emma Chase, Royally Matched|You would think having your arse constantly kissed would be enjoyable, even just a little. But when it’s a nest of snakes trying to latch on—offering a rim job with their flicking, forked tongues—it’s revolting.
John Oliver|It is going to be too easy for things to start feeling normal—especially if you are someone who is not directly impacted by his actions. So keep reminding yourself:This is not normal.Write it on a Post-It note and stick it on your refrigerator, hire a skywriter once a month, tattoo it on your ass.Because a Klan-backed misogynist internet troll is going to be delivering the next State of the Union address.And that is not normal.It is fucked up.
Sana Krasikov|Florence, listen to me carefully. He squeezed her hand. Take whatever that agent offers you. Give him what he wants, and don’t ask too many questions. Get yourself an exit visa as soon as you can. Then leave! Disappear. Forget this wretched place
Sana Krasikov|From the moment Julian entered the world, Florence had begun to conceive of life as separate from the aspects of its outward circumstances. Over and over, life renewed itself. Over and over, it made itself blind to the death and destruction of the past
Sana Krasikov|Their courtship unfolded in two settings, a Russian reality overlaid with New York memories
Sana Krasikov|Was it an instinct towards their future life together that she was already sensing, which made her pull back? For what she was seeing suddenly, in her mind’s eye, was an image of the two of them dancing on the edge of the world, not realising that they were about to fall off
Sana Krasikov|Only then, as she prepared to cross the avenue, did she again spot the man in the fedora hat. He was at the opposite side of the street from where he’d stood before, but the caramel color of his coat was unmistakable. He was loitering in front of what looked like a Ford V8 parked nose-up on the sidewalk. Florence adjusted her shawl over her shoulders and crossed to the opposite corner of the plaza. When she turned back to look again, he was gone
Sana Krasikov|The Bolshevik leaders perched atop the Mausoleum were no easier to tell apart than chess pawns. But Florence too was certain that she could recognise the twinkling eyes of Joseph Stalin, which looked down at her each workday from the oil painting above Timofeyev’s desk
Sana Krasikov|Sunset was just then settling over Red Square. There seemed some hidden vision to be gleaned. A message about man’s chaotic spirit and his sombre dignity. His dignity and his power. His power and his purpose. She was sure that there was some thread there, but the burden of decoding it made her feel too tired
Sana Krasikov|Moscow appeared to her as an Asiatic sprawl of twisting streets, wooden shanties, and horse cabs. But already another Moscow was rising up through the chaos of the first. Streets built to accommodate donkey tracks have been torn open and replaced with boulevards broader than two or three Park Avenues. On the sidewalks, pedestrians were being detoured onto planks around enormous construction pits. A smell of sawdust and metal filings hung in the air
Sana Krasikov|Sergey described the mighty furnaces and plants rising up from the steppes. “How far we’ve come. How much work there is still to do!” She would have to see it herself one day, with her own eyes. Florence reread the last line with a turbulent flip in her stomach. Was this an invitation?
Sana Krasikov|Our communists aren’t like your communists. In New York they’re always on the street demonstrating, but their demands are absurd. Slash rents! Free groceries and electricity for the poor! They demand that landlords open up their vacant apartments to house the unemployed. They even demand that the Communist Party distribute unemployment relief instead of the Labor Department. They might as well demand cake and champagne!
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|How singular," murmured Maximillian; "your father hates me, while your grandfather, on the contrary -- What strange feelings are aroused by politics.
Slavoj Žižek, Trouble in Paradise: From the End of History to the End of Capitalism|First —we should restrain our anti-colonialist joy here— the question to be raised is: if Europe is in gradual decay, what is replacing its hegemony? The answer is: 'capitalism with Asian values' (which, of course, has nothing to do with Asian people and everything to do with the clear and present tendency of contemporary capitalism as such to suspend democracy). From Marx on, the truly radical Left was never simply 'progressist'. It was always obsessed by the question: what is the price of progress? Marx was fascinated by capitalism, by the unheard-of productivity it unleashed; it was just that he insisted that this very success engenders antagonisms. And we should do the same with the progress of global capitalism today: keep in view its dark underside, which is fomenting revolts.What all this implies is that today's conservatives are not really conservative. While fully endorsing capitalism's continuous self-revolutionizing, they just want to make it more efficient by supplementing it with some traditional institutions (religion, for instance) to constrain its destructive consequences for social life and to maintain social cohesion. Today, a true conservative is the one who fully admits the antagonisms and deadlocks of global capitalisms, the one who rejects simple progressivism, and who is attentive to the dark obverse of progress. In this sense, only a radical Leftist can be today a true conservative.
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|Democracy is a continuous, open process of civility.A democracy can never be “done”; updating democracy can never be over.Democracy can be nothing else but a continuous process, because we use it to organize our life, and life is nothing but a continuous process.Democracy can be compared to an operating system or an anti-virus software; if it does not get perpetually updated, it becomes obsolete very fast.Trusting the updates or the “improvements” of democracy to the elected and the owned mass media is like trusting the updates of an anti-virus program to virus creators; it defeats the purpose of updates or improvements.
Harry G. Frankfurt, On Bullshit|Bullshit is unavoidable whenever circumstances require someone to talk without knowing what he is talking about. Thus the production of bullshit is stimulated whenever a person’s obligations or opportunities to speak about some topic exceed his knowledge of the facts that are relevant to that topic. This discrepancy is common in public life, where people are frequently impelled – whether by their own propensities or by the demands of others – to speak extensively about matters of which they are to some degree ignorant. Closely related instances arise from the widespread conviction that it is the responsibility of a citizen in a democracy to have opinions about everything, or at least everything that pertains to the conduct of his country’s affairs.
H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy|One cannot enter a State legislature or a prison for felons without becoming, in some measure, a dubious character.
Krishan Kumar, Utopianism|Utopia's value lies not in its relation to present practice but in its relation to a possible future. Its "practical" use is to overstep the immediate reality to depict a condition whose clear desirability draws us on, like a magnet.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|China the Communist Party still pays lip service to traditional Marxist–Leninist ideals, but in practice it is guided by Deng Xiaoping’s famous maxims that ‘development is the only hard truth’ and that ‘it doesn’t matter if a cat is black or white, so long as it catches mice’. Which means, in plain language: do anything it takes to promote economic growth, even if Marx and Lenin wouldn’t have been happy with it. In Singapore, as befits that no-nonsense city state, they followed this line of thinking even further, and pegged ministerial salaries to the national GDP. When the Singaporean economy grows, ministers get a raise, as if that is what their job is all about
DaShanne Stokes|One of the most important qualities of a president is the ability to inspire, to bring people together for the common good.
DaShanne Stokes|We must acknowledge and take responsibility for the conflicts we have helped to create, and act to create real change. That, after all, is the true hallmark of democracy--a commitment to justice, honest self-appraisal, and action--even when it means challenging ourselves and the political institutions we hold most dear.
Russell J. Dorn|If you have to stretch that far to reach the justification you want, then perhaps you’re standing upon the wrong pedestal.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Long ago I decided that at a political meeting the truth usually comes out in just such a speech or a remark ignored at the time because its tone is not that of the meeting. Humorous, or satirical, or even angry or bitter — yet it’s the truth, and all the long speeches and contributions are nonsense.
DaShanne Stokes|We owe our loyalty to each other and to our children's children, not to party politics.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Fundamentalism of any kind, be it religious, atheistic, political or educational, is the greatest threat to human excellence – it is a threat to progress – it is a threat to greatness.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|Public justice is the greatest kind of show, my brother. Drama. Suspense. And best of all education en masse.
DaShanne Stokes|Truth is hard, propaganda is cheap.
Edw. C. Young|Social Security is neither social, nor secure.
George Lakoff, The Political Mind: Why You Can't Understand 21st-Century American Politics with an 18th-Century Brain|Why didn't the Democrats accomplish more right after the 2006 elections that gave them control of Congress? It wasn't just that they didn't have votes to override a presidential veto or block a filibuster. They didn't use their mandate to substantially change how the public--and the media-- thought about issues. They just tried to be rational, to devise programs to fit people's interests and the polls. Because there was little understanding of the brain, there was no campaign to change brains. Indeed, the very idea of "changing brains" sounds a little sinister to progressives-- a kind of Frankenstein image comes to mind. It sounds Machiavellian to liberals, like what the Republicans do. But "changing minds" in any deep way always requires changing brains. Once you understand a bit more about how brains work, you will understand that politics is very much about changing brains-- and that it can be highly moral and not the least bit sinister or underhanded.
DaShanne Stokes|No matter their party, people with a conflict of interest should be banned from the Electoral College.
William F. Buckley Jr., Up from Liberalism|A second marked characteristic of the Liberal in debate with the conservative is the tacit premise that debateis ridiculous....Many people shrink from arguments over facts because facts are tedious, because they require a formal familiarity with the subject under discussion, and because they can be ideologically dislocative. Many Liberals accept their opinions, ideas, and evaluations as others accept revealed truths.
Jimi Hendrix|When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace."-Jimi Hendrix
DaShanne Stokes|If you lay with a scorpion, don't be surprised when it finally stings you.
Elena Ferrante, Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay|Don’t be timid. You’re a writer, use your role, test it, make something of it. These are decisive times, everything is turning upside down. Participate, be present. And begin with the scum in your area, put their backs to the wall.
Alice Walker, Horses Make a Landscape Look More Beautiful: Poems|If this were a courageous country,it would ask Gloria to lead itsince she is sane and funny and beautiful and smartand the National Leaders we've always hadare not.When I listen to her talk about women's rightschildren's rightsmen's rightsI think of the long line of Americans who should have been president, but weren't.Imagine Crazy Horse as president. Sojourner Truth.John Brown. Harriet Tubman. Black Elk or Geronimo.Imagine President Martin Luther King confrontingthe youthful "Oppie" Oppenheimer. Imagine PresidentMalcolm X going after the Klan. Imagine President StevieWonder dealing with the "Truly Needy."Imagine President Shirley Chisholm, Ron Dellums, orSweet Honey in the Rockdealing with Anything.It is imagining to make us weep with frustration,as we languish under real estate dealers, killers, and bad actors.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|What we call isolation in the political sphere, is called loneliness in the sphere of social intercourse.Isolation and loneliness are not the same"...."While isolation concerns only the political realm of life, loneliness concerns life as a whole. Totalitarian government, like all tyrannies, certainly could not exist without destroying the public realm of life, that is, without destroying, by isolating men, their political capacities.But totalitarian domination as a form of government is not content with this isolation and destroys private life as well. it bases its self on loneliness, on the experience of not belonging to the world at all, which is the most radical and desperate experiences of man
Kim Stanley Robinson, Blue Mars|He was not interested in what they were doing, not any of it— it was both ugly and abstract, a continuous manipulation of people devoid of any of the tangible rewards that so much work had. That’s politics....
Kim Stanley Robinson, Blue Mars|The triviality of the current scene usually put her off, but now she supposed that the politics of the moment always looked petty and stupid; only later did it take on the look of respectable statecraft, of immutable History.
Rodney Page, Powers Not Delegated|As the campaign progressed, Armistead remembered what his parents had taught him: If you never tell a lie, you won't have to remember what you said.He subsequently developed a perverse respect for politicians who had mastered the art of spin. It was a skill to produce an answer having nothing to do with the question.He didn't think he was crafty enough to do it.
John Updike, The Centaur|The brontosaurus had thirty-ton body and a two-ounce brain. The anatosaurus had two thousand teeth. Triceratops had a helmet of filled bone seven feet long. Tyrannosaurus rex had tiny arms and teeth like six-inch razors and it was elected President. It ate everything—dead meat, living meat, old bones—
Bamigboye Olurotimi|The tragedy waiting for politicians in future is greater than the gain in politics if it is measured, politicians kill, steal and betray the voters, but at the end they go to early grave, lose their peace and become miserable for the rest of their life.
Gary Inbinder, The Hanged Man: A Mystery in Fin de Siecle Paris|Tears streamed down her wrinkled face. This world that she had longed to change for the better was as bad as the one into which she had been born. "An exercise in futility," she murmured.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|Mary! Mary! My dear, let me reason with you.I hate reasoning, John,—especially reasoning on such subjects. There's a way you political folks have of coming round and round a plain right thing; and you don't believe in it yourselves, when it comes to practice. I know you well enough, John. You don't believe it's right any more than I do; and you wouldn't do it any sooner than I.
John O'Toole|it is important to stress that history is always constructed, not absolute or unchallangeable. Histories are stories about the past, and reconstructing the past ill involve elements of mythologising from the cultural, political and theoretical stances of both the historian and the informants.
Hank Bracker|I served our country in its military for a total of 40 years 6 months and 7 days. At a time when we have fake news and people have accepted that lies are as valid as the truth all I can say is that my DD-214 shows that I served and retired from the United States Naval Reserve, before joining the United States Army in its Military Intelligence Corps, and served as such until retiring in 1987. I personally don’t know of anyone else that actually served in two branches of our military and retired from each, and although I frequently receive thanks for my service it is appreciated but not necessary. What is however necessary, is that we as citizens give a long hard look at where we are going as a nation. Yes, our infrastructure needs repair and our people need good jobs. We certainly want to feel secure but we definitely don’t need one man to fix our Constitution, which by the way is not broken! We do not need a crude iron fist to run our country! What we do need is a clear understanding of where we are going and what our country stands for…. “The pursuit of happiness” for “We the People!” Our government is based on a system of checks and balances, not the blind following of an autocrat. That’s been tried before and failed each time. Let’s not go down that “Rabbit hole!” Stand up and protect our democracy and cherish our freedom! What we have is priceless! Don’t let anyone take that away from us…. “Stand up for what is right!
Alan W. Watts, Does It Matter?|Not long ago Congress voted, with much patriotic rhetoric, for the imposition of severe penalties upon anyone presuming to burn the flag of the United States. Yet the very Congressmen who passed this law are responsible, by acts of commission or omission, for burning, polluting, and plundering the territory that the flag is supposed to represent. Therein, they exemplified the peculiar andperhaps fatal fallacy of civilization: the confusion of symbol with reality.
Frédéric Bastiat, That Which Is Seen and That Which Is Not Seen|We need not be surprised at this. On a wrong road, inconsistency is inevitable; if it were not so, mankind would be sacrificed. A false principle never has been, and never will be, carried out to the end.
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|Making a wrong choice in the leadership would be the end of mankind when run by the immature contestants, but from the divine’s glory it is to verify if the mankind is really serious of keeping the planet earth by apprising and enhancing the consciousness.
Jake Tapper|No president likes leaks, but it’s worth noting candidate Trump’s path to power was tread on a road of leaks. He didn’t have a problem with leaks then. It’s not a moral position if you only hold it when it applies to you.
Chris Hedges, I Don't Believe in Atheists|The danger we face does not come from religion. It comes from a growing intellectual bankruptcy that is one of the symptoms of a dying culture. In ancient Rome, as the republic disintegrated and the Caesars were deified, as the Roman Senate became little more than an echo chamber of the emperor, the population’s attention was diverted by a series of frontier wars and violent and elaborate spectacles in the arena. The excitement of entertainment consumed ancient Rome’s emotional and intellectual life. It poisoned civic and political discourse. Social critics no longer had a form in which to speak. They were answered with ridicule and rage. It was not prerogative of the citizen to think.
George Orwell, Inside the Whale and Other Essays|He is fiddling while Rome is burning, and, unlike the enormous majority of people who do this, fiddling with his face toward the flames.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Chaos brings movement to whatever is stagnant in your life. Stagnation leads to apathy, numbness, illness, suffering, etc. Be grateful for the situations in your life that may seem chaotic in the present moment, and realize that, in the greater scheme of things, chaos is Spirit giving you an opportunity… or possibly pushing you to move, grow, and be in the flow.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Marchmont|I have heard that all ideas of equality are visionary—that they can never be realized—and I believe it. But surely, though there must be hewers of wood, and drawers of water, they ought to have the absolute necessaries of life.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Marchmont|Novel-writing has in one respect an affinity to the drama—that time and distance are required to soften for use the harsher features that may be exhibited from real life; that it was almost impossible to bring forward events without touching on their causes; and that any tendency to political discussion, however liberal or applicable, was not to be tolerated in a sort of work which people took up with no other design than to be amused at the least possible expence of thought.
Mary Frances Berry, Five Dollars and a Pork Chop Sandwich: Vote Buying and the Corruption of Democracy|Public disinterest in punishing illegal vote buying means that local prosecutors rarely pursue charges against their fellow elected colleagues....Yet the inclination no matter how small, to blame the most vulnerable citizens for fraud is misdirected.....Any outrage over fraud should be reserved for the candidates who buy their votes, neglect the issues that concern the poor, and studiously refuse to implement policies that could help them.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Marchmont|They say I am a reformer. They say wrong: for I have long since given up any such chimerical idea, as that of being able to make men happier who are wicked and miserable by prescription. Withdrawing, therefore, from any such Utopian and hopeless attempt, I believed the best thing I could do was, to relieve, where I could, individual distress, and to lighten the chains that villany often imposes on simplicity under the name of law. In this I have done some good, and what else ought a man to do on this earth?
Mollie Hemingway|...The coarse rhetoric and reduction of women to violently empty reproductive organs isn't a great way to argue against Trump's vulgarity. The unhinged rhetoric, violent anti-speech street protests,and hysteria currently on display don't make Trump look like he's a unique threat.
George Orwell, Facing Unpleasant Facts: Narrative Essays|Every line of serious work that I have written since 1936 has been written, directly or indirectly, against totalitarianism and for democratic socialism, as I understand it. It seems to me nonsense, in a period like our own, to think that one can avoid writing of such subjects. Everyone writes of them in one guise or another. It is simply a question of which side one takes and what approach one follows. And the more one is conscious of one's political bias, the more chance one has of acting politically without sacrificing one's aesthetic and intellectual integrity.
ETC Wanyanwu|In nepotism, when a doctor is appointed to do the job of an engineer, and an engineer is appointed to do the job of a lawyer, you know there’s bound to be failure in the system
ETC Wanyanwu|Politics nowadays is a game unlike every other game, only for the willing hearts and strong minds
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Kitsch is the aesthetic ideal of all politicians and all political parties and movements. Those of us who live in a society where various political tendencies exist side by side and competing influences cancel or limit one another can manage more or less to escape the kitsch inquisition: the individual can preserve his individuality; the artist can create unusual works. But whenever a single political movement corners power, we find ourselves in the realm of totalitarian kitsch.
Chadwick Moore|I began to realize that maybe my opinions just didn’t fit in with the liberal status quo, which seems to mean that you must absolutely hate Trump, his supporters and everything they believe. If you dare not to protest or boycott Trump, you are a traitor.If you dare to question liberal stances or make an effort toward understanding why conservatives think the way they do, you are a traitor. It can seem like liberals are actually against free speech if it fails to conform with the way they think. And I don’t want to be a part of that club anymore.
Sunday Adelaja|Having the understanding of God, God’s ambassadors are able to bring a country out of crisis, change politics, business and economy
Chris Hayes|People like bipartisanship not because they like the substance of what bipartisanship produces, but because it reduces the cognitive stress that partisan disagreement creates. If two sides are bitterly arguing over some major piece of public policy, this forces us to choose sides, and for those with weak mastery of the issue or tenuous connections to a specific worldview, it is easy to be stalked by the worry that you’re choosing the wrong side: After all, there are a ton of people screaming in righteous indignation that the side you’re on is about to destroy the country.
Davan Yahya Khalil|If the caged birds think whoever scattering grains for them that person is their deity,what should we Kurds call the person who will grantee us an independence.
Micah White, The End of Protest: A New Playbook for Revolution|Activists have not been passive. For decades, we have tried every tactic to shift the course of our governments. We have voted, written editorials and manifestos, donated money, held signs, protests in marches, blocked streets, shared links, signed petitions, held workshops, knitted scarves, learn to farm, turned off the television, programmed apps, engaged in direct action, committed vandalism, launched legal challenges against pipelines . . . and occupied the financial districts. All this has been for naught. A new approach to activism and a new kind of protest are desperately needed.
Masrour Barzani|Iraq is a fabricated state that has failed. It has always been a failure. It exists on the map. On the map, it has some borders, but these borders weren’t drawn naturally.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Liars are highly unlikely to admit their lies, never mind apologize for the hurt they’ve caused. Liars don’t genuinely apologize. Deceit has become their full-out lifestyle. They are centered on themselves with no thoughts of the consequences of their lies. In cowardly style, they tell more lies to try and cover their tracks. They are not good at admitting they actually have shortcomings.
Thomas More, Utopia|It is even so in a commonwealth and in the councils of princes; if ill opinions cannot be quite rooted out, and you cannot cure some received vice according to your wishes, you must not, therefore, abandon the commonwealth, for the same reasons as you should not forsake the ship in a storm because you cannot command the winds. You are not obliged to assault people with discourses that are out of their road, when you see that their received notions must prevent your making an impression upon them: you ought rather to cast about and to manage things with all the dexterity in your power, so that, if you are not able to make them go well, they may be as little ill as possible; for, except all men were good, everything cannot be right, and that is a blessing that I do not at present hope to see.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|They were endowed with the qualities of youth- they were rebellious, fearless, eager to fight for a 'just cause', thirsty for adventure and action. They were also irresponsible, ignorant, and easy to manipulate- and prone to violence. Only they could give Mao the immense force that he needed to terrorize the society.
Phil Ochs|But our land is still troubled by men who have to hate. They twist away our freedom, and they twist away our fate. Fear is their weapon, and treason is their cry. We can stop them if we try.
Graham McCann, A Very Courageous Decision: The Inside Story of Yes Minister|That day -- Monday, 25 February 1980 -- unfolded, in the context of British politics, much like any other day. Government, in those days, happened rather like a tree falling in a forest when there was no one there to witness it. For those among the Great British Public who wanted to believe that something was happening, the assumption was that something was indeed most probably happening, while for those who still needed to see it, or hear it, to believe it, there remained a high degree of doubt that anything was happening at all.
Jonathan Lynn & Anthony Jay, The Complete Yes Minister|I went on to explain that it is an honour, and also that we need a transport policy."If by 'we' you mean Britain, that's perfectly true," he acknowledged. "But if by 'we' you mean you and me and this Department, we need a transport policy like an aperture in the cranial cavity.
George Carlin|They’re not pro-life. You know what they are? They’re anti-woman. Simple as it gets, anti-woman. They don’t like them. They don’t like women. They believe a woman’s primary role is to function as a brood mare for the state.
Greg Sargent|In other words, the Bannonite belief in disruption as an end in itself renders impossible any self-scrutiny or acknowledgment of error, in a kind of endless feedback loop (the consequences of which could become much more dire over time). And it is precisely the Bannonite contempt for procedural and institutional knowledge that is partly responsible for creating all of the logistical and legal problems to begin with.
Samantha Power, A Problem from Hell: America and the Age of Genocide|The United Staes had never in its history intervened to stop genocide and had in fact rarely even made a point of condemning it as it occurred,
Jack Newfield, A Prophetic Minority: A Probing Study of the Origins and Development of the New Left|The goal of radicalism is to improve the human condition, not to prove one's own moral superiority.
Ian Tuttle|The Left has failed to understand the extent to which its intolerant, often coercive, approach to issues that permit good-willed disagreement has turned off voters who might otherwise be sympathetic to their general program.
Ben Shapiro|The Left had to go searching for a new civil-rights struggle with which to cram conservatives back into their “victimizer” cubbyhole. The Left now pushes against civil rights in its ignorant search for the new struggle. There was, however, one problem: All the good civil-rights issues have been dealt with already. And so the Left, which focuses all of its efforts on social issues, was relegated to pushing crime-increasing myths about the evils of cops; the celebrities were forced to pretend that men peeing next to women was the next great Martin Luther King, Jr.–style struggle.
Mungo MacCallum|But perhaps his outstanding contribution to Australian politics was that, after a lifetime of switching sides, he put in place the basic two-party structure we have today: Labor versus anti-Labor. The anti-Labor parties have had many names, but always the same policy: to keep Labor out of office.
Steve McCann|They [left-wingers] willy-nilly throw around the accusation of Nazism and comparisons to Hitler whenever confronted by any opposition, yet they are today's Nazis in their determination to shut down by threats or violence free speech and assembly.
James Lewis|Because we are so focused on the real world, we keep forgetting how fantasy-driven the Left really is....As with orthodox Marxists, the left adamantly believes it is "Progressive", implying that its adherents know the inevitable and virtuous outcome of history. In the Soviet Union the Party truly believed every five years that Stalin's commands to fix agriculture were bound to work....Lenin and Stalin killed tens of millions of "rich peasants" without ever learning how to feed their country.
Truman Capote, Truman Capote: Conversations|So if black power means black armies racing through the streets, creating havoc, that certainly does nothing to advance the legitimate political and economic aspirations of the black community. Just the opposite, in fact....If they think a few Molotov cocktails are going to bring down the whole system and build something new, I'm afraid they're just indulging in wishful-thinking,
Naomi Shulman|Nice people made the best Nazis. My mom grew up next to them. They got along, refused to make waves, looked the other way when things got ugly and focused on happier things than “politics.” They were lovely people who turned their heads as their neighbors were dragged away. You know who weren’t nice people? Resisters.
Edward L. Bernays, Propaganda|No serious sociologist any longer believes that the voice of the people expresses any divine or specially wise and lofty idea. The voice of the people expresses the mind of the people, and that mind is made up for it by the group leaders in whom it believes and by those persons who understand the manipulation of public opinion. It is composed of inherited prejudices and symbols and cliches and verbal formulas supplied to them by the leaders.
Edward L. Bernays, Propaganda|It is obvious that politics would gain much in prestige if the money-raising campaign were conducted candidly and publicly, like the campaigns for the war funds. Charity drives might be made excellent models for political funds drives. The elimination of the little black bag element in politics would raise the entire prestige of politics in America, and the public interest would be infinitely greater if the actual participation occurred earlier and more constructively in the campaign.
Selwyn Duke|The [women's] march was pointless, classless, and brainless, but not harmless. One common theme was anger at certain crass comments Trump made in the past. To combat this, the march’s leaders and their lemmings decided to be crude, lewd, and even more crass in the present. It’s much like trying to correct your child’s cursing by cursing him out.
Klaus Mann, Mephisto|He looked like an excited sixteen-year-old with his tousled hair and shining eyes. Barbara could not deny she liked him, even though every word he said was repellent to her. With an eloquence that frequently tied itself in knots but was of an unflagging vehemence he explained to her that the faith for which he was fighting was basically revolutionary. 'When the day arrives and our Führer takes over supreme power, then that's the end of capitalism and the economy of the big bosses. The servitude of usury will be abolished. Big banks and stock exchanges that bleed our national economy white can close their doors, and no one will mourn them".Barbara wanted to know why Miklas did not join the Communists if he, like them, was against capitalism. Miklas explained as eagerly as a child reciting a lesson learned by heart. "because the Communists have no patriotism for the fatherland, but are supranational and dependent on Russian Jews. AndCommunists don't know anything about idealism-all Marxists believe that the only purpose in life is money. We want our own revolution-our German, idealistic revolution. Not one that will be directed by Freemasons and the Elders of Zion.
Ted Rall, The Anti-American Manifesto|Even now, years later, it's hard to tell why the government stood by and let the city of New Orleans be destroyed, dispatching troops rather than help.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Desmond|I might, indeed, read history; but whenever I attempt to do so, I am to tell you the truth, driven from it by disgust—What is it, but a miserably mortifying detail of crimes and follies?—of the guilt of a few, and the sufferings of many, while almost every page offers an argument in favor of what I never will believe—that heaven created the human race only to destroy itself.
William J. Clinton|When times are tough and people are frustrated and angry and hurting and uncertain, the politics of constant conflict may be good, but what is good politics does not necessarily work in the real world. What works in the real world is cooperation.
Gro Haarlem Brundtland|It did, in Scandinavia. When I first became prime minister 15 years ago, it was a cultural shock to many Norwegians. Today, four- year-olds ask their mommies: "but can a man be prime minister?" -Fourth World Conference on Women
Charlotte Turner Smith, Desmond|If truth is not to be spoken, Sir, in a government, calling itself free, least it should be understood by the people, who are governed; and prevent their freely supplying the oil, that facilitates the movement of the cumbrous machine—If facts, which cannot be denied, be repressed; and reason, which cannot be controverted, be stifled; the time is not far distant, when such a country may say, adieu liberty!
Sonal Panse, The Sunshine Time: Season 1 Episode 5|We have no business squatting on other people’s land and we have only ourselves to blame if they take a dim view of it. I mean, c’mon, what would you do if someone barged into our house and just took it over? How would you react? Are you going to say, welcome, intruders, take it all, we’ll gladly confine ourselves to the bathroom. That is, until you want us out of the bathroom as well. Then we will happily kill ourselves and leave you to deal with our bodies as you please. Is that what you would say? Of course not. You would make a complete ruckus. So why are you surprised when other people do the same?
Charlotte Turner Smith, Desmond|I think that our form of government is certainly the best—not that can be imagined—but that has ever been experienced; and, while we are sure that practice is in its favour, it would be most absurd to dream of destroying it on theory.
Mungo MacCallum, The Good, the Bad & the Unlikely, Australia's Prime Ministers|There is an understandable aversion to risk, and a reluctance to plan too far ahead: the modern electorate wants instant gratification and simplistic, populist solutions.
Mungo MacCallum, The Good, the Bad & the Unlikely, Australia's Prime Ministers|The family was serious about education; after dinner, Fred was known to issue volumes of the Encyclopaedia Britannica to his children and guests for a little light reading.
Mungo MacCallum, The Good, the Bad & the Unlikely, Australia's Prime Ministers|Reminded that the Commonwealth was already involved in pre-school and university education, Chifley replied: “That’s different – they’re for kids before they’ve got souls and after they’ve lost them.
Rebecca Traister, All the Single Ladies: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation|This would be the last moment of the primary during which I felt as though I inhabited a different planet than everyone else in my party, that I had heard a different speech, seen a different person, been in a different room than everyone else. But I can't say that I was unhappy that they had heard what they did. If they thought Hillary was telling them to fuck off, that was okay with me. For just one last day, before I joined their ranks, I wanted them to fuck off too.
Stewart Stafford|Great leaders lead by example, not by making an example of others.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|There's a wonderful, perhaps apocryphal story that people tell about Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the brilliant, prickly, and iconoclastic late senator from New York. Apparently, Moynihan was in a heated argument with one of his colleagues over an issue, and the other senator, sensing he was on the losing side of the argument, blurted out: 'Well, you may disagree with me, Pat, I'm entitled to my own opinion." To which Moynihan frostily replied, "You are entitled to you own opinion, but you are not entitled to you own facts.
Ryszard Legutko, Triumf człowieka pospolitego|But it does not require much effort to see that the dialogue in liberal democracy is of a peculiar kind because its aim is to maintain the domination of the mainstream and not to undermine it. A deliberation is believed to make sense only if the mainstream orthodoxy is sure to win politically. Today's 'dialogue' politics are a pure form of the right-is-might politics, cleverly concealed by the ostentatiously vacuous rhetoric of all-inclusiveness.
Glenn Greenwald, No Place to Hide: Edward Snowden, the NSA, and the U.S. Surveillance State|In video games, one of the most helpless against injustice can even mighty.
Chris Penningroth|The commandment was to ‘Love thy neighbor,’ not ‘Love thy government.
Jonathan Lynn & Anthony Jay, Yes Prime Minister: A Play|Humphrey Well, Prime Minister … one hesitates to say this but there are times when circumstances conspire to create an inauspicious concatenation of events that necessitate a metamorphosis, as it were, of the situation such that what happened in the first instance to be of primary import fraught with hazard and menace can be relegated to a secondary or indeed tertiary position while a new and hitherto unforeseen or unappreciated element can and indeed should be introduced to support and supersede those prior concerns not by confronting them but by subordinating them to the over-arching imperatives and increased urgency of the previously unrealised predicament which may in fact now, ceteris paribus, only be susceptible to radical and remedial action such that you might feel forced to consider the currently intractable position in which you find yourself.  	Jim is nonplussed.  	Jim What does he mean, Bernard?  	Bernard I, um – I, er, think that he’s perhaps suggesting the possibility that you, um, consider your position. Resign, in fact, Prime Minister.
Weam Namou, The Great American Family|On January 17, 1991 and for the 43 days that followed, I watched CNN’s live coverage of SCUD missiles and bombs fall over Baghdad like rain; then the 12 ½ years of unjust sanctions that killed approximately a million Iraqis, half of which were children under the age of five; then an unjust attack in 2003 that opened the borders to terrorists from all over the world and reduced the cradle of civilization to piles of rubble. The gov. asked us to support their plan or else be considered anti-American and undemocratic and they ask of us the same today, 25 years later, even though history proved they were pro-profit not pro-life.
Jonathan Lynn & Anthony Jay, Yes Prime Minister: A Play|Jim Is there no other way?  	Claire We could just say no to him.  	Jim Can’t risk that. Collapse of conference, collapse of backbench support, collapse of Cabinet. Collapse of my career. The biggest disaster since Dunkirk.  	Humphrey I think not, Prime Minister.  	Jim Name a bigger one.  	Humphrey The Freedom of Information Act.
Jonathan Lynn & Anthony Jay, Yes Prime Minister: A Play|Humphrey Not another czar, please, Prime Minister. In the last three years we’ve appointed an Enterprise Czar, a Youth-Crime Czar, a Welfare Supremo, a Pre-School Supremo, an Unemployment Watchdog, a Banking Regulator, a Science and Technology Supremo and a Community Policing Czar. If you go on like this you won’t need a Cabinet.  	Jim Perfect!  	Humphrey Perfect? Prime Minister, we even have a Twitter Czar!  	Bernard His appointment was announced as a Tweet.  	Humphrey What’s he supposed to achieve?  	Jim The same as the others: at least twelve column inches in every paper.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|For in the end laws are just words on a page - words that are sometimes malleable, opaque, as dependent on context and trust as they are in a story or poem or promise to someone, words whose meanings are subject to erosion, sometimes collapsing in the blink of an eye.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|The absence of even rough agreement on the facts puts every opinion on equal footing and therefore eliminates the basis for thoughtful compromise. It rewards not those who are right, but those - like the White House press office - who can make their arguments most loudly, most frequently, most obstinately, and with the best backdrop.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|I find comfort in the fact that the longer I'm in politics the less nourishing popularity becomes, that striving for power and rank and fame seems to betray a poverty of ambition, and that I am answerable mainly to the steady gaze of my own conscience.
Katherine J. Cramer, The Politics of Resentment: Rural Consciousness in Wisconsin and the Rise of Scott Walker|In addition, when they talked as if city people lived by different values, they were not emphasizing abortion, or gay marriage, or the things that are typically pointed to as the cultural issues that divide lower-income whites from the Democratic Party. Instead, the values they talked about were intertwined with economic concerns.
Barack Obama|But when our elected officials and our political campaign become entirely untethered to reason and facts and analysis, when it doesn’t matter what's true and what's not, that makes it all but impossible for us to make good decisions on behalf of future generations. It threatens the values of respect and tolerance that we teach our children and that are the source of America’s strength. It frays the habits of the heart that underpin any civilized society -- because how we operate is not just based on laws, it's based on habits and customs and restraint and respect.
George Orwell, 1984|Cut off from contact with the outer world, and with the past, the citizen of Oceania is like a man in interstellar space, who has no way of knowing which direction is up and which is down. The rulers of such a state are absolute, as the Pharaohs or the Caesars could not be.
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|Immeasurably, baby. I love you immeasurably.
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|I think she is marvelous. She is untouched by politics, unmarred and untainted. She is absolutely, brilliantly humble. Honest, hardworking. And it would be my honor that she accept to be my wife. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have a country to govern and a woman to woo.
George Orwell|Political language … is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind. One cannot change this all in a moment, but one can at least change one’s own habits, and from time to time one can even, if one jeers loudly enough, send some worn-out and useless phrase – some jackboot, Achilles’ heel, hotbed, melting pot, acid test, veritable inferno or other lump of verbal refuse – into the dustbin where it belongs.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|If it were possible for any nation to fathom another people's bitter experience through a book, how much easier its future fate would become and how many calamities and mistakes it could avoid. But it is very difficult. There always is this fallacious belief: 'It would not be the same here; here such things are impossible.'Alas, all the evil of the twentieth century is possible everywhere on earth.
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|He’s the president now, but he’s still Matt. My first crush, my first love. And I know that after Matt, I’ll never want or love another man again.
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|I am in love with the first lady of the United States. At the moment, a dozen vans from District florists are pulling up at the White House, and the staffers are helping me fill up her room. I’m going to ask her to marry me. Today.
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|She is the one relentless, constant thought in my head and tug in my damn chest. The only she that has ever existed in my life.
Bernadette Devlin McAliskey, The Price of my Soul|Policemen always call me a stupid bitch, and I deny that I'm stupid.
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States . . .
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|You once said you might not mind being by the president’s side,” he says. My libido goes crazy under that smile. His words husky, seducing me. The proximity of his mouth to my earlobe making my heart go haywire.“That was before,” I whisper worriedly.He captures my gaze with his powerful one. “Before you fell in love with me, or after?
Ronald Rosbottom|The French political class has been relentlessly myopic, if not completely blind, about the concerns of those who work and mine and farm. .... To cite Eugene Weber, "One thing that we learn from history is that people seldom learn from history.
Chris Smith, The Daily Show: An Oral History as Told by Jon Stewart, the Correspondents, Staff and Guests|LIZZ WINSTEAD Instead of Jon playing a character—the news anchor, one of the derelicts in a derelict world of media—Jon made a creative decision to take the show in the direction of the correspondents presenting the idiocy, and then Jon is the person who calls out the idiocy with the eloquence that the viewer wishes they had. And he did it in a way that’s not condescending, it’s not smug. It’s funny, it’s emotional, it’s calling out bullshit. So Jon became the voice of the audience.
David Henry Wilson, The Castle of Inside Out|I'm going to set up a Commission of Inquiry," said the Sow. "What's that?" asked Lorina."It's a way of putting things off, said the Sow, "in the hope that the problem will go away.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|There are no clean victories for black people, nor, perhaps, for any people. The presidency of Barack Obama is no different. One can now say that an African American individual can rise to the same level as a white individual, and yet also say that the number of black individuals who actually qualify for that status will be small. One thinks of Serena Williams, whose dominance and stunning achievements can’t, in and of themselves, ensure equal access to tennis facilities for young black girls. The gate is open and yet so very far away.
Theodore Roosevelt|Our fight is a fundamental fight against both of the old corrupt party machines, for both are under the dominion of the plunder league of the professional politicians who are controlled and sustained by the great beneficiaries of privilege and reaction.
Theodore Roosevelt|If this country is really to go forward along the path of social and economic justice, there must be a new party of nationwide and non-sectional principles, a party where the titular national chiefs and the real state leaders shall be in genuine accord, a party in whose counsels the people shall be supreme, a party that shall represent in the nation and the several states alike the same cause, the cause of human rights and of governmental efficiency. At present both the old parties are controlled by professional politicians in the interests of the privileged classes, and apparently each has set up as its ideal of business and political development a government by financial despotism tempered by make-believe political assassination. Democrat and Republican alike, they represent government of the needy many by professional politicians in the interests of the rich few. This is class government, and class government of a peculiarly unwholesome kind.
Eric Robert Morse, The Economic Theory of Sex: Industrialism, Feminism, and the Disintegration of the Family|A notable politician once said that it takes a village to raise a child. She forgot that it takes a family to raise a village. And the destruction of the family, largely due to policies and movements that she supports, has razed the village to the ground.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|One Saturday morning last May, I joined the presidential motorcade as it slipped out of the southern gate of the White House. A mostly white crowd had assembled. As the motorcade drove by, people cheered, held up their smartphones to record the procession, and waved American flags. To be within feet of the president seemed like the thrill of their lives. I was astounded. An old euphoria, which I could not immediately place, gathered up in me. And then I remembered, it was what I felt through much of 2008, as I watched Barack Obama’s star shoot across the political sky. I had never seen so many white people cheer on a black man who was neither an athlete nor an entertainer. And it seemed that they loved him for this, and I thought in those days, which now feel so long ago, that they might then love me, too, and love my wife, and love my child, and love us all in the manner that the God they so fervently cited had commanded.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Several centuries ago the greatest writer in history described the two most menacing clouds that hang over human government and human society as "malice domestic and fierce foreign war." We are not rid of these dangers but we can summon our intelligence to meet them.Never was there more genuine reason for Americans to face down these two causes of fear. "Malice domestic" from time to time will come to you in the shape of those who would raise false issues, pervert facts, preach the gospel of hate, and minimize the importance of public action to secure human rights or spiritual ideals. There are those today who would sow these seeds, but your answer to them is in the possession of the plain facts of our present condition.
Ceronetti|A psychiatrist on the Baader-Meinhof gang: „They seek salvation in a paranoia that blinds them to reality, because they believe everything that surrounds them is an evil machination”. On this point they are not blind. Man cannot, however, look upon the underlying evil and thus cannot escape the punishment of total blindness and corruption meted out to all except inspired seers, and especially those athletes who have overcome evil and been immunized before approaching the vision. For Arjuna the sight of God in his terrifying aspect is cathartic; he remains a warrior and a righteous man. For a Baader, a glimpse behind the veil produces mental upheaval.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|And to all the young people in particular, I hope you will hear this. I have, as Tim said, spent my entire adult life fighting for what I believe in. I’ve had successes and I’ve had setbacks. Sometimes, really painful ones. Many of you are at the beginning of your professional public and political careers. You will have successes and setbacks, too. This loss hurts, but please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it. It is. It is worth it. And so we need, we need you to keep up these fights now and for the rest of your lives. And to all the women, and especially the young women, who put their faith in this campaign and in me, I want you to know that nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion. Now, I, I know, I know we have still not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling, but someday, someone will, and hopefully sooner than we might think right now. And, and to all the little girls who are watching this, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world to pursue and achieve your own dreams.
Tony Blair, A Journey: My Political Life|For most normal people, politics is a distant, occasionally irritating fog.
David Gergen|Trust remains the coin of the realm in politics. A President who is trusted, by the people, by the congress, by the press, by foreign countries, is a President who can get a lot of good things done.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|I merely repeat, remember always your duty of enmity towards Man and all his ways. Whatever goes upon two legs is an enemy. Whatever goes upon four legs, or has wings, is a friend. And remember also that in fighting against Man, we must not come to resemble him. Even when you have conquered him, do not adopt his vices. No animal must ever live in a house, or sleep in a bed, or wear clothes, or drink alcohol, or smoke tobacco, or touch money, or engage in trade. All the habits of Man are evil. And, above all, no animal must ever tyrannise over his own kind. Weak or strong, clever or simple, we are all brothers. No animal must ever kill any other animal. All animals are equal.
Ortega y Gasset|The majority of men have no opinions, and these have to be pumped into them from outside, like lubricants into machinery. Hence it is necessary that some mind or other should hold and exercise authority, so that the people without opinions- the majority- can start having opinions. For without these, the common life of humanity would be chaos, a historic void, lacking in any organic structure. Consequently, without a spiritual power, without someone to command, and in proportion as this is lacking, chaos reigns over mankind.
Robert H. Thouless, التفكير المستقيم والتفكير الأعوج|The psychological fact of suggestion is that if statements are made again and again in a confident manner, without argument or proof, then their hearers will tend to believe them quite independently of their soundness and of the presence or absence of evidence for their truth.
Bertrand Russell, Bertrand Russell's Best|The problem of political theory is how to combine that degree of individual initiative which is necessary for progress, with the degree of social cohesion which is necessary for survival.
Ortega y Gasset|A concrete example of this mechanism is found in one of the most alarming phenomena of the last thirty years: the enormous increase in the police force of all countries. The increase of population has inevitably rendered it necessary. However accustomed we may be to it, the terrible paradox should not escape our minds that the population of a great modern city, in order to move about peaceably and attend to its business, necessarily requires a police force to regulate the circulation. But it is foolishness for the party of "law and order" to imagine that these "forces of public authority" created to preserve order are always going to be content to preserve the order that that party desires. Inevitably they will end by themselves defining and deciding on the order they are going to impose- which, naturally, will be that which suits them best.
Brother Yun, The Heavenly Man: The Remarkable True Story of Chinese Christian Brother Yun|From that day on I clearly understood that the kingdom of God can never mix with politics. The ultimate, stated aim of Marxist teaching is the complete eradication of all religion. The pure bride of Christ can never be controlled by an atheistic government or led by men who hate God!
Antonio G. Kowatsch|Reiterating other people's hopes, dreams and fears. That's what politics is all about.
Upton Sinclair, Dragon's Teeth I|Hitler was calling upon Almighty God to give him courage and strength to save the German people and right the wrongs of Versailles...and then to settle down and govern the county in the interest of those millions of oppressed "little people" for whom he spoke so eloquently.
Robert J. Sawyer, Quantum Night|¨Kayla replied, ´And we---or the p-zeds, at any rate---copy indiscriminately, without reflection. And if the person they´re coyping is a psychopath, then their behavior ends up being de facto psychopathic, too.´ ¨
George Orwell, Animal Farm|The animals were happy as they had never conceived it possible to be. Every mouthful of food was an acute positive pleasure, now that it was truly their own food, produced by themselves and for themselves, not doled out to them by a grudging master. With the worthless parasitical human beings gone, there was more for everyone to eat. There was more leisure too, inexperienced though the animals were.
Neel Mukherjee, The Lives of Others|There is a large gap between being an activist out of the idealism that comes from books, conversations, the fire of youth and being one because you have lived through the depredations that life has thrown at you.
Abhijit Naskar|Only those who live for others become immortal, and the rest simply perish within a few weeks , or alas days, after their mortal demise.
Roland Huntford, The New Totalitarians|Such is the control, and such the public mentality, enjoyed by the Swedish planners. The rulers of the Soviet Union, although favoured by despotic power, are not so fortunate. Obstructively resentful of officialdom, the Russian, in the words of the Spanish saying, has always known how orders are 'to be obeyed but not carried out'. To the Swede, that sort of compromise is downright immoral. His elected leaders have received those political blessings denied the autocrats in the Kremlin: compliant citizens and an unopposed bureaucracy.
J.K. Rowling, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: The Original Screenplay|I do know a few things, actually. I know you have rather backwards laws about relations with non-magic people. That you're not mean to befriend them, that you can't marry them, which seems mildly absurd to me.
Ron Paul, Liberty Defined: 50 Essential Issues That Affect Our Freedom|Years ago, a member of Congress slipped a laminated quote into my hand that he must have thought I would find meaningful. I paid little attention at first and unfortunately I don’t recall just who gave me the quote. I placed it next to my voting card and have carried it ever since. The quote came from Elie Wiesel’s book One Generation After. The quote was entitled “Why I Protest.”Author Elie Wiesel tells the story of the one righteous man of Sodom, who walked the streets protesting against the injustice of this city. People made fun of him, derided him. Finally, a young person asked: “Why do you continue your protest against evil; can’t you see no one is paying attention to you?” He answered, “I’ll tell you why I continue. In the beginning, I thought I would change people. Today, I know I cannot. Yet, if I continue my protest, at least I will prevent others from changing me.”	I’m not that pessimistic that we can’t change people’s beliefs or that people will not respond to the message of liberty and peace. But we must always be on guard not to let others change us once we gain the confidence that we are on the right track in the search for truth.
Barbara W. Tuchman, Practicing History:  Selected Essays|Any person who considers himself, and intends to remain, a member of Western society inherits the Western past from Athens and Jerusalem to Runnymede and Valley Forge, as well as to Watts and Chicago of August 1968. He may ignore it or deny it, but that does not alter the fact. The past sits back and smiles and knows it owns him anyway.
Joan Reardon, As Always, Julia: The Letters of Julia Child and Avis DeVoto: Food, Friendship, and the Making of a Masterpiece|I am in a state about all of this. I comb the newspapers. I listen to the commentators. And I get into fights all over the place. If a Republican knows his place and hates McCarthy and wishes to God Eisenhower would get more aggressive about these bastards, well and good and I will admit him to the brotherhood. If he says nasty things about Truman (who is rapidly becoming the Man I Love although I have been sore enough at him in my time) or still thinks taxes are coming down and we can get out of Korea‡ and we ought to fire all the Democrats in Washington and don’t worry, McCarthy-ism will blow over or alternately Where There’s Smoke There’s Fire—well, dear, I am no lady and I argue loudly and lose my temper and it’s disgraceful.
Max Weber, From Max Weber: Essays in Sociology|The final result of political action often, no regularly, stands in completely inadequate and often even paradoxical relation to its original meaning.
Tony McMahon, Sara Khan|Identity politics is killings free speech on campus, silencing Muslim women struggle, boosting both Islamism and the far Right and pushing reconciled Muslim voices to the fringes. It makes implicit assumptions about Islam - from an Islamist, Left or Right- perspective - and insists all Muslims must adhere to that definition or be regarded not truly Muslim. It ignores the fact that most ordinary Muslims are not in favour of a violent and that in surveys and polls they support British values more than the general UK population. Yet the myth persists that the ideology of Islamism is the true expression of what it means to be Muslim.
Barbara W. Tuchman, Practicing History:  Selected Essays|Nineteenth-century liberalism had assumed that man was a rational being who operated naturally according to his own best interests, so that in the end, what was reasonable would prevail. On this principle liberals defended extension of the suffrage toward the goal of one man, one vote. But a rise in literacy and in the right to vote, as the event proved, did nothing to increase common sense in politics. The mob that is moved by waving the bloody shirt, that decides elections in response to slogans—Free Silver, Hang the Kaiser, Two Cars in Every Garage—is not exhibiting any greater political sense than Marie Antoinette, who said, “Let them eat cake,” or Caligula, who made his horse a consul. The common man proved no wiser than the decadent aristocrat. He has not shown in public affairs the innate wisdom which democracy presumed he possessed.
Peter Pomerantsev, Nothing Is True and Everything Is Possible: The Surreal Heart of the New Russia|That unique Moscow mix of tackiness and menace. One time I see a poster advertising a new property development that captures the tone nicely. Got up in the style of Nazi propaganda, it shows two Germanic-looking youths against a glorious alpine mountain over the slogan "Life is Getting Better". It would be wrong to say the ad is humorous, but it's not quite serious either. It's sort of both. It's saying this is the society we live in (a dictatorship), but we're just playing at it (we can make jokes about it), but playing in a serious way (we're making money playing it and won't let anyone subvert its rules).
Mike Ducheine, The Obama Legacy|When the truth reaches the mass, it becomes impossible to govern by deception.
George Shirk, Ookpik|Sports, Politics and Technology. All the same game.
Simone de Beauvoir|But I was brought up on convent morals and paternal nationalism, I was getting bogged down in contradictions.
Lionel Shriver|Membership of a larger group is not an identity. Being Asian is not an identity. Being gay is not an identity. Being deaf, blind, or wheelchair-bound is not an identity, nor is being economically deprived.
Gore Vidal, The Last Empire: Essays 1992-2000|Foreigners are mystified by the whole business while thoughtful Americans – there are several of us – are equally mystified that the ruling establishment of the country has proved to be so mindlessly vindictive that it is willing, to be blunt, to overthrow the lawful government of the United States – that is, a president elected in 1992 and reelected in 1995 by We the People, that sole source of all political legitimacy, which takes precedence over the Constitution and the common law and God himself.
Jonathan Wolff, An Introduction to Political Philosophy|Men have special needs too: for example, a man generally needs a higher daily intake of calories than a woman. But this has never been though of as a sign of men's inferiority to women; if anything, it is a sign of strength and an entitlement to extra food.
J.R.R. Tolkien|We have had enough of the old men and the money-counters!" And people further off took up the cry: "Up Bowman, and down with the moneybags,
Max Weber, Essays in Economic Sociology|It is certain that there can be no work in political economy on any other than an altruistic basis... If our work is to retain any meaning it can only be informed by this: concern for the future, for those who will come after us.
Felix O. Hartmann, Dark Age|Power is like a house of cards. Leave it alone and it will stand forever. But if you try to build it higher and higher, sooner or later it is bound to collapse.
Dembe Michael|I'm just a common sense person, i don't judge others, i feel we all may have to face at an unknown time and i also think that with great power comes great responsibility. i just say a short prayer for those in office, and will continue to as long as i may: God the whole universe is subject to you, we live in a political reality that can seem far removed from your kingdom. bless those who lead my country. correct their errors and strengthen every good impulse.
Dembe Michael|A leader is not born to become leader without living like lion ,if you think a leader is not doing well ,then work hard ,invest your time and your efforts to secure it one day so that you can do better than your present leader. Togetherness we stand
Olaf Stapledon, A Man Divided|Why is it that all individuals today, at least all who are socially conscious, are in one way or another tortured by social guilt? Because whatever they do is fatally false, falsified by the pressure of an utterly false society. If you live solely for individual contacts and personal service, then you betray your obligation to the suffering millions with whom you have no contact. If you live for economic or social and political action to cure the sick world, then, either you will be entirely ineffective, or else you will gain power, and so be corrupted by power; and then you will contribute to the burden of the institutionalism and mechanized tyranny that is turning all men into robots. If you withdraw from the world to purge your soul of the world’s poison, seeking a lone salvation in religious discipline and contemplation, then again you betray your immediate obligation to your fellows, even if you innocently suppose you will discover truth invaluable to a future generation. No! As I see it, do what you will, you are damned, just because you are all of a piece with a damned world, a damned species.
Noam Chomsky|Both political parties have moved to the right during the neoliberal period. Today’s New Democrats are pretty much what used to be called “moderate Republicans.” The “political revolution” that Bernie Sanders called for, rightly, would not have greatly surprised Dwight Eisenhower.The fate of the minimum wage illustrates what has been happening. Through the periods of high and egalitarian growth in the ‘50s and ‘60s, the minimum wage—which sets a floor for other wages—tracked productivity. That ended with the onset of neoliberal doctrine. Since then, the minimum wage has stagnated (in real value). Had it continued as before, it would probably be close to $20 per hour. Today, it is considered a political revolution to raise it to $15.
Karan Mahajan, The Association of Small Bombs|What if I've died a long time ago and come here? he wondered. What if the defining characteristic of hell is that you're locked in an endless, blind battle to reform it?
Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers|Hence I think it is that democracies change into aristocracies, and these at length into monarchies,' people at last prefer tyranny to chaos. Equality of power is an unstable condition; men are by nature unequal; and 'he who seeks equality between unequals seeks an absurdity.' Democracy has still to solve the problem of enlisting the best energies of men while giving to all alike the choice of those, among the trained and fit, by whom they wish to be ruled.
Jeremy Bentham, The Works Of Jeremy Bentham: Published Under The Superintendence Of His Executor, John Bowring. Volume 1|Without publicity, no good is permanent; under the auspices of publicity, no evil can continue.
Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers|The matter of sedition is of two kinds: much poverty and much discontentment....The causes and motives of sedition are, innovation in religion; taxes; alteration of laws and customs; breaking of privileges; general oppression; advancement of unworthy persons, strangers; dearths; disbanded soldiers; factions grown desperate; and whatsoever in offending people joineth them in a common cause.' The cue of every leader, of course, is to divide his enemies and to unite his friends. 'Generally, the dividing and breaking of all factions...that are adverse to the state, and setting them at a distance, or at least distrust, among themselves, is not one of the worst remedies; for it is a desperate case, if those that hold with the proceeding of the state be full of discord and faction, and those that are against it be entire and united.' A better recipe for the avoidance of revolutions is an equitable distribution of wealth: 'Money is like muck, not good unless it be spread.' But this does not mean socialism, or even democracy; Bacon distrusts the people, who were in his day quite without access to education; 'the lowest of all flatteries is the flattery of the common people;' and 'Phocion took it right, who, being applauded by the multitude, asked, What had he done amiss?' What Bacon wants is first a yeomanry of owning farmers; then an aristocracy for administration; and above all a philosopher-king. 'It is almost without instance that any government was unprosperous under learned governors.' He mentions Seneca, Antonius Pius and Aurelius; it was his hope that to their names posterity would add his own.
Malcolm Nance, The Plot to Hack America: How Putin’s Cyberspies and WikiLeaks Tried to Steal the 2016 Election|The 2016 cyberattack was not just another case of simple Kompromat - meddling in the political affairs of a satellite nation or an individual dissenter. It was a direct attempt to hijack and derail the traditional processes and norms that held the United States together for more than 240 years. The attempt was even more brazen due to the apparent belief that Putin assumed that he and his oligarchy could charm, groom and select a candidate, then with the right amount of cybercrime and enough organized propaganda they could actually choose a president of the United States to do their bidding.
David Foster Wallace, David Foster Wallace: The Interview|…95 percent of political commentary, whether spoken or written, is now polluted by the very politics it’s supposed to be about. Meaning it’s become totally ideological and reductive: The writer/speaker has certain political convictions or affiliations, and proceeds to filter all reality and spin all assertion according to those convictions and loyalties. Everybody’s pissed off and exasperated and impervious to argument from any other side. Opposing viewpoints are not just incorrect but contemptible, corrupt, evil […] Political discourse is now a formulaic matter of preaching to one’s own choir and demonizing the opposition. Everything’s relentlessly black-and-whitened…. Since the truth is way, way more gray and complicated than any one ideology can capture, the whole thing seems to me not just stupid but stupefying… How can any of this possibly help me, the average citizen, deliberate about whom to choose to decide my country’s macroeconomic policy, or how even to conceive for myself what that policy’s outlines should be, or how to minimize the chances of North Korea nuking the DMZ and pulling us into a ghastly foreign war, or how to balance domestic security concerns with civil liberties? Questions like these are all massively complicated, and much of the complication is not sexy, and well over 90 percent of political commentary now simply abets the uncomplicatedly sexy delusion that one side is Right and Just and the other Wrong and Dangerous. Which is of course a pleasant delusion, in a way—as is the belief that every last person you’re in conflict with is an asshole—but it’s childish, and totally unconducive to hard thought, give and take, compromise, or the ability of grown-ups to function as any kind of community.
Chuck Klosterman, But What If We're Wrong? Thinking About the Present As If It Were the Past|....the increasingly common ideology that assures people they’re right about what they believe.... is, however, socially detrimental . It hijacks conversation and aborts ideas. It engenders a delusion of simplicity that benefits people with inflexible minds. It makes the experience of living in a society slightly worse than it should be.
Avi Silverman, Phalluses of Logic: How to Know When Republicans Lie|It is only by ignoring fact, science, and reason that one can support current Republican positions.
Maya Angelou|We, the black people, the most displaced, the poorest, the most maligned and scourged, we had the glorious task of reclaiming the soul and saving the honor of the country. We, the most hated, must take hate into our hands and by the miracle of love, turn loathing into love. We, the most feared and apprehensive must take fear and by love, change it into hope. We, who die daily in large and small ways, must take the demon death and turn it into life.-Martin Luther King Jr.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|You know, to just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump’s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. Right? The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic — you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that. And he has lifted them up. He has given voice to their websites that used to only have 11,000 people — now 11 million. He tweets and retweets their offensive, hateful, mean-spirited rhetoric. Now some of those folks — they are irredeemable, but thankfully they are not America.But the other basket — and I know this because I see friends from all over America here — I see friends from Florida and Georgia and South Carolina and Texas — as well as, you know, New York and California — but that other basket of people are people who feel that the government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures, and they’re just desperate for change. It doesn’t really even matter where it comes from. They don’t buy everything he says, but he seems to hold out some hope that their lives will be different. They won’t wake up and see their jobs disappear, lose a kid to heroin, feel like they’re in a dead end. Those are people we have to understand and empathize with as well.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 9: The Big Ride|Rayner can't go into politics, she's got more shit on her than Elton John's cock!
Vikram Singh Slathia|Without a Uniform Civil Code, labelling India be Secular nation is just a illusion.Uniform Civil Code is necessary for India so that t same laws r valid for every citizen without taking religion into consideration.
Karl R. Popper, The Open Society and Its Enemies|What we need and what we want is to moralize politics, not to politicize morals.
Sebastien de Castell|If not us, then who? Who's going to stand when everyone else kneels? Who's going to argue for the law even when there's no justice to be had? Who's going to try even when the trying is too damn hard?
Karl R. Popper, The Open Society and Its Enemies|I do not believe that human lives may be made the means for satisfying an artist's desire for self-expression. We must demand, rather, that every man should be given, if he wishes, the right to model his life himself, as far as this does not interfere too much with others. Much as I may sympathize with the aesthetic impulse, I suggest that the artist might seek expression in another material. Politics, I demand, must uphold equalitarian and individualistic principles; dreams of beauty have to submit to the necessity of helping men in distress, and men who suffer injustice; and to the necessity of constructing institutions to serve such purposes.
Edward R. Murrow|It is not necessary to remind you of the fact that your voice, amplified to the degree where it reaches from one end of the country to the other, does not confer upon you greater wisdom than when your voice reached only from one end of the bar to the other. All of these things you know.
R. A. Delmonico|In every area of politics, the goal is control.
John F. Kennedy|It is not only the unit vote for the Presidency we are talking about, but a whole solar system of governmental power. If it is proposed to change the balance of power of one of the elements of the solar system, it is necessary to consider the others.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A full loyalty to the leader merely fits to the dogs, not to the humans!
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|To hope is to gamble. It's to bet on your futures, on your desires, on the possibility that an open heart and uncertainty is better than gloom and safety. To hope is dangerous, and yet it is the opposite of fear, for to live is to risk.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Cause-and-effect assumes history marches forward, but history is not an army. It is a crab scuttling sideways, a drip of soft water wearing away stone, an earthquake breaking centuries of tension. Sometimes one person inspires a movement, or her words do decades later, sometimes a few passionate people change the world; sometimes they start a mass movement and millions do; sometimes those millions are stirred by the same outrage or the same ideal, and change comes upon us like a change of weather. All that these transformations have in common is that they begin in the imagination, in hope.
Cathy O'Neil, Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy|At the federal level, this problem could be greatly alleviated by abolishing the Electoral College system. It's the winner-take-all mathematics from state to state that delivers so much power to a relative handful of voters. It's as if in politics, as in economics, we have a privileged 1 percent. And the money from the financial 1 percent underwrites the microtargeting to secure the votes of the political 1 percent. Without the Electoral College, by contrast, every vote would be worth exactly the same. That would be a step toward democracy.
Neel Burton|Resentment is a powerful and corrosive force, both on the slippery left and the slippery right, and the history of humankind can largely be read as a history of resentment. Aside from a profound philosophy of capital, what we really need is a profound psychology and philosophy of resentment. We must learn to live for ourselves, without reference to the other, and, at the same time, to rise above and beyond ourselves. Or else history will keep repeating itself, and our life will be a living death.
Jacques Maritain, Christianity And Democracy|It is not enough for a population or a section of the population to have Christian faith and be docile to the ministers of religion in order to be in a position properly to judge political matters. If this population has no political experience, no taste for seeing clearly for itself nor a tradition of initiative and critical judgment, its position with respect to politics grows more complicated, for nothing is easier for political counterfeiters than to exploit good principles for purposes of deception, and nothing is more disastrous than good principles badly applied. And moreover nothing is easier for human weakness than to merge religion with prejudices of race, family or class, collective hatreds, passions of a clan and political phantoms which compensate for the rigors of individual discipline in a pious but insufficiently purified soul. Politics deal with matters and interests of the world and they depend upon passions natural to man and upon reason. But the point I wish to make here is that without goodness, love and charity, all that is best in us—even divine faith, but passions and reason much more so—turns in our hands to an unhappy use. The point is that right political experience cannot develop in people unless passions and reason are oriented by a solid basis of collective virtues, by faith and honor and thirst for justice. The point is that, without the evangelical instinct and the spiritual potential of a living Christianity, political judgment and political experience are ill protected against the illusions of selfishness and fear; without courage, compassion for mankind and the spirit of sacrifice, the ever-thwarted advance toward an historical ideal of generosity and fraternity is not conceivable.
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience|This American government—what is it but a tradition, though a recent one, endeavoring to transmit itself unimpaired to posterity, but each instant losing some of its integrity? It has not the vitality and force of a single living man; for a single man can bend it to his will. It is a sort of wooden gun to the people themselves. But it is not the less necessary for this; for the people must have some complicated machinery or other, and hear its din, to satisfy that idea of government which they have. Governments show thus how successfully men can be imposed upon, even impose on themselves, for their own advantage. It is excellent, we must all allow. Yet this government never of itself furthered any enterprise, but by the alacrity with which it got out of its way.
Noam Chomsky, 9-11|The debt is being cynically exploited by the far right, with collusion of the Democrat establishment, to undermine what remains of social programs, public education, unions, and, in general, remaining barriers to corporate tyranny.
Baruch Spinoza, Theological-Political Treatise|Scriptural doctrine contains not abstruse speculation or philosophic reasoning, but very simple matters able to be understood by the most sluggish mind.
Baruch Spinoza, Theological-Political Treatise|It will be said that, although God’s law is inscribed in our hearts, Scripture is nevertheless the Word of God, and it is no more permissible to say of Scripture that it is mutilated and contaminated than to say this of God’s Word. In reply, I have to say that such objectors are carrying their piety too far, and are turning religion into superstition; indeed, instead of God’s Word they are beginning to worship likenesses and images, that is, paper and ink.
Baruch Spinoza, Theological-Political Treatise|If Scripture were to describe the downfall of an empire in the style adopted by political historians, the common people would not be stirred.
Robert M. Gates, Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at War|He taught me early in life to take people one at a time, based on their individual qualities and never as a member of a group. That led, he said, to hatred and bias; that was what the Nazis had done.
Camille Perri, The Assistants|Our country is failing to live up to its promise of opportunity and fairness. It used to be true that if you went to college and you worked hard, you could count on having a decent middle-class life - but that's just not true anymore. Economic and political changes that have occurred over the past three decades have made the middle-class American dream for today's twenty- and thirtysomethings far less possible than it was for their parents' generation. It's not that we're lazy, that we have no work ethic, or that we have outrageous spending habits. It's that we've been screwed.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|... The form of leadership must be the focus of constant reappraisal. Weber states, for example: 'Each new fact may necessitate the re-adjustment of the relations between end and indispensable means, between desired goals and unavoidable subsidiary consequences.' This process of re-adjustment is ultimately without resolution, for the political and ethical value-spheres are not only in constant opposition but also in permanent flux. It is the task of the politician to negotiate this value conflict and to be decisive as to the value to be pursued and the means to be employed.
Patricia Cornwell, Postmortem|The public is blaming the city officials, who in turn have to find someone else to blame. It's the nature of the beast. If the police, the politicians, can pass the buck on down the line, they will.
Baruch Spinoza, Theological-Political Treatise|Everyone is by absolute natural right the master of his own thoughts, and thus utter failure will attend any attempt in a commonwealth to force men to speak only as prescribed by the sovereign despite their different and opposing opinions.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|... In view of the violence of political power responsibility must always prevail. The only possible synthesis between conviction and responsibility is thus one in which passion is subordinated to responsibility, so that political responsibility is the primary value to be pursued with passion, thereby engendering what H. H. Bruun terms a 'responsible ethic of conviction.' Weber states: 'To be sure, mere passion, however genuinely felt, is not enough. It does not make a politician, unless passion as devotion to a "cause" also makes responsibility to this cause the guiding star of action.
Peter A. Lorge, The Asian Military Revolution: From Gunpowder to the Bomb|Guns neither initiated nor enabled larger changes. Economic, political, and social development preceded and laid the foundation for the invention and use of the gun, not the other way around.
Frank Herbert, Chapterhouse: Dune|Create or arouse such unbridled forces and you built carnal fantasies of enormous complexity. You could lead whole populations around by their desires, by their fantasy projections.
Eric Robert Morse|When everything is a law, nothing is a law.
Dave Barry, I'll Mature When I'm Dead: Dave Barry's Amazing Tales of Adulthood|At a national political convention, you have hundreds of people who consider themselves at least as important as the Secretary of Commerce. If it's a Democratic convention, you also have dozens of A-list Hollywood and music celebrities. (If it's a Republican convention, you have Bo Derek.) Also you have swarms of lower-ranking Washington minions with titles like Deputy Assistant to the Associate Deputy Assistant Chief of Staff who are trying to move up the ladder to Deputy Associate to the Assistant Acting Deputy Assistant Understudy.
Saminu Kanti|Politics is like a branches on a tree, they all grow in different directions but their roots remain as one.
Josh Hatcher, Manlihood: The 12 Pillars of Masculinity|Stop blaming racism, politics, bullies, your crappy parents, your ex-wife, your lack of friends or anything else for your problems. Sometimes, I think our “problems” are really just opportunities to test our metal. We look at them as holes that we fall into, when really, they are the CHANCE to prove to ourselves and those around us just what kind of men we are!
Eric Robert Morse, The Economic Theory of Sex: Industrialism, Feminism, and the Disintegration of the Family|To the contemporary feminist, sexual differences mean inequality, inequality means injustice, and injustice must be stamped out at all costs. And so, they have set about stamping out sexual differences at all costs.
Guy Mankowski, An Honest Deceit|All of the administrative methods used in professional circles- confidentiality, whatever else is in vogue- are just tools. Tools that governing bodies can deploy, under the guise of fairness. Some of the most corrupt organisations I have worked with have the most finely developed guidelines that they work to. These guidelines gives them more rope to hang their victims.
Alan B. Krueger|Rather than street crime, I argue that a better analogy is to voting. Having a high opportunity cost of time—resulting, say, from a high-paying job and a good education—should discourage people from voting, yet it is precisely those with a high opportunity cost of time who tend to vote. Why? Because they care about influencing the outcome and consider themselves sufficiently well informed to want to express their opinions. Terrorists also care about influencing political outcomes. Instead of asking who has a low salary and few opportunities, to understand what makes a terrorist we should ask: Who holds strong political views and is confident enough to try to impose their extremist vision by violent means? Most terrorists are not so desperately poor that they have nothing to live for. Instead they are people who care so deeply and fervently about a cause that they are willing to die for it.
Rana Dasgupta, Solo|When they brought in communism it was for the people, so they killed the people. Now they've brought in capitalism, which is for the rich, so they only kill the rich. This time you and I have nothing to worry about.
Jonathan Leaf, The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Sixties|In researching this book, I quickly discovered a surprising thing about the 1960s: the decade was not nearly as radical as we've been led to believe. In fact, the upheaval was really confined to a very narrow stratum of society. For the overwhelming majority of Americans, the 1960s was a conservative decade.
Satuin Segi|War happens when people are too stubborn or scared to listen to the other party and coming up with compromises, and when that happens, they decide that we must send out people to die, if they want a war, they should not send men and woman who have no desire to fight, and have no real reason, if they want to fight the people running the show should do it themselves, they are basically murdering a lot of good people through their own cowardice.
Angela Y. Davis, Freedom Is a Constant Struggle: Ferguson, Palestine, and the Foundations of a Movement|Everyone is familiar with the slogan "The personal is political" -- not only that what we experience on a personal level has profound political implications, but that our interior lives, our emotional lives are very much informed by ideology. We oftentimes do the work of the state in and through our interior lives. What we often assume belongs most intimately to ourselves and to our emotional life has been produced elsewhere and has been recruited to do the work of racism and repression.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To know the good from the bad, study a man or woman's history of actions, not their record of intentions.
Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing|Was there anyone in this world who could taste something delicious-economic freedom and political reform-a taste that was salty and fattening and sweet and promising, and only be satisfied with one mouthful? Who would wait patiently for nearly a billion people to also have a taste? No, anyone would try to get a second mouthful, a third, a whole bowl for themselves.
David  Brooks|...Politics is an activity in which you recognize the simultaneous existence of different groups, interests and opinions. You try to find some way to balance or reconcile or compromise those interests, or at least a majority of them. You follow a set of rules, enshrined in a constitution or in custom, to help you reach these compromises in a way everybody considers legitimate.The downside of politics is that people never really get everything they want. It’s messy, limited and no issue is ever really settled. Politics is a muddled activity in which people have to recognize restraints and settle for less than they want. Disappointment is normal.But that’s sort of the beauty of politics, too. It involves an endless conversation in which we learn about other people and see things from their vantage point and try to balance their needs against our own. Plus, it’s better than the alternative: rule by some authoritarian tyrant who tries to govern by clobbering everyone in his way....
David Eddings, Polgara the Sorceress|When father uses the word 'politics' he's talkingabout relations between nations. When I use the word, though, I'mtalking about the various subtle ways a woman can get men to dowhat she wants them to do.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The sacrifice ‘of’ self for the greater good is the greatest calling imaginable, and it is the bedrock of the greatest nations. The sacrifice ‘for’ self is the most pathetic calling imaginable, and it is the quicksand within which nations perish.
Lionel Shriver, The Mandibles: A Family, 2029-2047|In an era of weaponized sensitivity, participation in public discourse is growing so perilous, so fraught with the danger of being caught out for using the wrong word or failing to uphold the latest orthodoxy in relation to disability, sexual orientation, economic class, race or ethnicity, that many are apt to bow out. Perhaps intimidating their elders into silence is the intention of the identity-politics cabal — and maybe my generation should retreat to our living rooms and let the young people tear one another apart over who seemed to imply that Asians are good at math.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|The modern State, whether in a totalitarian or a democratic country, has far too much power, and we are probably right to fear it.
J. Grant Howard, Balancing Life's Demands: A New Perspective on Priorities|This is a hard chapter for me to write. I am as uninvolved in biblical citizenship as other Christians. Involvement means front-line duty. Front-line duty means you get shot at. When it comes to getting shot at, I am your basic, Christian coward. I don't like to fight. I don't like to get hit. I don't like to get hurt. I know that as long as I am uninformed and uninvolved, I am safe. I don't have to suffer. Then I read 1 Peter. It tells me that a Spirit-filled, Word-orientated saint will be on the front lines, doing what is right, and suffering. It is hard for me to read and think and discuss in the realm of politics. There are other things I would rather do. It is hard for me to take a firm, intelligent stand on a political issue. It is even harder for me to make it public, and defend it, and have it criticized and ridiculed. In the area of government my comfort zone is way behind the front lines. How about yours? Maybe what we both need to do is volunteer for some front line duty while we are still allowed to carry weapons.
G.K. Chesterton|But it is clear that no political activity can be encouraged by saying that progress is natural and inevitable; that is not a reason for being active, but rather a reason for being lazy.
Patricia Murphy|I wasn’t always a demon.My name is Maggie Frew, and I grew up a simple human girl in suburban Iowa. I don’t carry a pitchfork, or have a forked tail. I’m not a creature from Hell. I’m a political campaign manager. Though, I guess some people might argue those are the same thing.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|But when the social entity grows large, becomes a megalopolis, a state, a federation, then the governing machine grows remote, impersonal, even inhuman. It takes money from us for purposes we do not seem to sanction; it treats us as abstract statistics; it controls an army; it supports a police force whose function does not always appear to be protective.
Francisco Grant|Sure, it may be a little misleading, but who cares? What is truth anyway? Really, who cares about actuality? You and I, we are in the business of perception, of catching eyes, and shaping minds. We tell people what to think before they can decide what to think for themselves. People are vile animals, just like pigs. There is no such thing as ethics. Ha! There is nothing wrong with a Machiavellian trick. People don’t know what they want. That is why they need people like you to lead them. And they will follow you, like a dog following its master. It is quite simple really. The only thing is, you can’t allow them to make up their own mind. You’ve gotta make it up for them. And, like I said, they will follow you. We humans are programmed—maybe genetically, maybe by some predestination—to seek a leader and follow him with unquestioning devotion. It is easier than thinking for ourselves.
Kim Stanley Robinson|Efficiency was just a measurement of how fast money moved from the poor to the rich. We prefer the opposite of efficiency, which is to say, justice.
Arundhati Roy, Things That Can and Cannot Be Said|History is really a study of the future, not the past.
John Quincy Adams|Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone, and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Anyway, I have long had a very definite tendency to tune out the moment I come anywhere near either a pulpit or a soapbox.
T. Rafael Cimino, The Heir Apparent|When the media enjoy such excessive profits from this mass hysteria, what incentive do they have to restrain it?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When a moral man speaks, listen. But when immoral men speak, toss away their words like bad fruit. Truth will never shine from a heart filled with corruption and lies.
Jean Baudrillard, Screened Out|We find the same situation in the economy. On the one hand, the battered remnants of production and the real economy; on the other, the circulation of gigantic amounts of virtual capital. But the two are so disconnected that the misfortunes which beset that capital – stock market crashes and other financial debacles – do not bring about the collapse of real economies any more. It is the same in the political sphere: scandals, corruption and the general decline in standards have no decisive effects in a split society, where responsibility (the possibility that the two parties may respond to each other) is no longer part of the game.This paradoxical situation is in a sense beneficial: it protects civil society (what remains of it) from the vicissitudes of the political sphere, just as it protects the economy (what remains of it) from the random fluctuations of the Stock Exchange and international finance. The immunity of the one creates a reciprocal immunity in the other – a mirror indifference. Better: real society is losing interest in the political class, while nonetheless availing itself of the spectacle. At last, then, the media have some use, and the ‘society of the spectacle’ assumes its full meaning in this fierce irony: the masses availing themselves of the spectacle of the dysfunctionings of representation through the random twists in the story of the political class’s corruption. All that remains now to the politicians is the obligation to sacrifice themselves to provide the requisite spectacle for the entertainment of the people.
David Graeber, The Democracy Project: A History, a Crisis, a Movement|So how do the people resist unjust authority, which, we all agree, they must and should do and have done in the past? The best solution anyone has come up with is to say that violent revolutions can be avoided (and therefore, violent mobs legitimately suppressed) if 'the people' are understood to have the right to challenge the laws through nonviolent civil disobedience.
Maajid Nawaz|Now I think that a true liberal will always prioritize individuals over the group, will always prioritize heresy over orthodoxy, will always prioritize the dissenting voice over the status quo.
Tim Kreider|The real Machiavellian genius of the First Amendment is that free speech turns out to be mostly harmless — a lot of P.C. nit-picking, dingbat conspiracy theories, tedious libertarian screeds and name calling. The only “free speech” that has any effect in a stable, well-run plutocracy is the kind protected by Buckley vs. Valeo in the form of campaign contributions.
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney|When asked my advice as I stroll through the town,“A good lady knows how to take a political assassin down.
Marc Bekoff, Why Dogs Hump and Bees Get Depressed: The Fascinating Science of Animal Intelligence, Emotions, Friendship, and Conservation|Ecologist Paul Ehrlich stressed that people who hold opposing opinions need to engage in open discussion with well-reasoned dissent. Positions should be questioned and criticized, not the people who hold them. Personal attacks preclude open discussion because, once someone is put on the defensive, fruitful exchanges are impossible, at least for the moment.
Tim Kreider|We tend to make up [stories] in the same circumstances in which people come up with conspiracy theories: ignorance and powerlessness. And they share the same flawed premise as most conspiracy theories: that the world is way more well planned and organised that it really is. They ascribe a malevolent intentionality to what is more likely simple ineptitude or neglect. Most people are just too self-absorbed, well-meaning, and lazy to bother orchestrating Machiavellian plans to slight or insult us. It's more often a boring, complicated story of wrong assumptions, miscommunication, bad administration, and cover-ups - people trying, and mostly failing, to do the right thing, hurting each other not because that's their intention but because it's impossible to avoid.
Ivan Eland|Naturally, people — especially in America — live in the moment and, given the “crisis” orientation of cable news, think that [the 2000s are] the worst period the country has ever gone through. Not really.
David Graeber, The Democracy Project: A History, a Crisis, a Movement|The police can use violence to say, expel citizens from a public park because they are enforcing duly constituted laws. Laws gain their legitimacy from the Constitution. The Constitution gains its legitimacy from something called 'the people.' But how did 'the people' actually grant legitimacy to the Constitution? As the American and French revolutions make clear: basically, through acts of illegal violence. So what gives the police the right to use force to suppress the very thing–a popular uprising–that granted them their right to use force to begin with?
Mukesh Kwatra|Pardon me for budging into concoction of the aristocrats blowing their trumpets, the demagogues' doctrines, the antagonists' squeals, the hypocrites' assertions, the sycophants fawning adoration, the facebookers' slants, the youthful sneers, the pragmatic notions n of course some acquiescent aspirants....this facebook page is so bombarded by myriad posts....maddening to read n like all.....so here's wishing each one of the revered contestants all the best.....may the deserving win.....
Charles M. Schulz, You're Not Elected, Charlie Brown|You sold out! We elected you, and you sold out! The next time we have an election, I think everyone should vote for himself. Or we might just as well vote for Charlie Brown! Yes, next year we may even say, 'You're elected, Charlie Brown!
Mohammed Khambaty|At every age we play the same game, just by different rules.
Robert Harris|A ghost who has only a lay knowledge of the subject will be able to keep asking the same questions as the lay reader, and will therefore open up the potential readership of the book to a much wider audience.
Ron Chernow, Alexander Hamilton|Jay was attacked with peculiar venom. Near his New York home, the walls of a building were defaced with the gigantic words, 'Damn John Jay. Damn everyone that won’t damn John Jay. Damn everyone that won’t put up lights in the windows and sit up all night damning John Jay.
Christina Engela, Bugspray|Is human dignity and human life so cheap that the rights protecting it can be traded away to appease the appetite for intimidation and prejudice of a vicious and self-centered group - for whatever reason, power, politics, nationalism, or unity?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If you are my food, how am I supposed to feel pity towards you? That would mean starvation for me. “A hungry leopard told a fallen, panting, imploring gazelle
Patrick Ness, The Ask and the Answer|A peace that blacked yer eye,' I say. 'A peace that split yer lip.' He looks at me for another second and then gives a sad snort. “The words of a sage,” he says, “in the voice of a hick.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|It seems to me that wherever religion and politics mix in one body, fascist values - and not 'family values' - rear their ugly head.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|People are hated a lot of places. Claire pointed out in her letter that Americans, in being hated, were simply paying the normal penalty for being people, and that they were foolish to think they should somehow be exempted from that penalty.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|If you 'don't do politics' , trust me - politics will do you.
Arash Tabish|People need to get smart and understand that politics is a wrong bussiness for ugly people and those ugly people are "Politicians" so please do not trust politicians and do not have any faith in politic.
Christina Engela|If you 'don't do politics', trust me - politics will do you.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|His themes were not pride and love at all, though he used the words perpetually; as he used them they meant self-praise and hate. He talked a great deal about Truth also, for he was, he said, “cutting down beneath the veneer of civilization.”It is a durable, ubiquitous, specious metaphor, that one about veneer (or paint, or pliofilm, or whatever) hiding the nobler reality beneath. It can conceal a dozen fallacies at once. One of the most dangerous is the implication that civilization, being artificial, is unnatural: that it is the opposite of primitiveness… Of course there is no veneer, the process is one of growth, and primitiveness and civilization are degrees of the same thing. If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Of those two things, you have either one, or the other. Not both.
Stephen King, The Dark Tower|Most politicians lie for the same reason a monkey swings by his tail, which is to say because he can.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|It was his first definite encounter with the wary-eyed, platitudinous, evasive Labour leaders, and he realised at once the formidable barrier ofinert leadership they constituted, between the discontented masses and constructive change. They seemed to be almost entirely preoccupied byinternecine intrigues and the "discipline of the Party". They were steeped in Party professionalism. They were not in any way traitors to their cause, or wilfully reactionary, but they had no minds for a renascent world. They meant nothing, but they did not know they meant nothing. They regarded Rud just as in their time they had regarded Liberalism, Fabianism, Communism, Science, suspecting them all, learning nothing from them, blankly resistant. They did not want ideas in politics. They just wanted to be the official representatives of organised labour and make what they could by it. Their manner betrayed their invincible resolution, as strong as an animal instinct, to play politics according to the rules, to manoeuvre for positions, to dig themselves into positions -- and squat...
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|He came away with an exasperated sense of failure. He denounced parliamentary government root and branch that night. Parliament was doomed. The fact that it had not listened to Rud was only one little conclusive fact in a long indictment. "It has become a series of empty forms," he said. "All over the world, always, the sawdust of reality is running out of the shapes of quasi-public things. Not one British citizen in a thousand watches what is done in Parliament; not one in a thousand Americans follows the discourses of Congress. Interest has gone. Every election in the past thirty years has been fought on gross misunderstandings.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|We have nothing to destroy," said Rud. "All these things are done for already. They are falling in all over the world. They are dead. No need for destructive activities. But if we have nothing to destroy we have much to clear away. That's different. What is needed is a brand-new common-sense reorganisation of the world's affairs, and that's what we have to give them. I can't imagine how the government sleeps of nights. I should lie awake at night listening all the time for the trickle of plaster that comes before a smash. Ever since they began blundering in the Near East and Spain, they've never done a single wise thing. This American adventure spells disaster. Plainly. Australia has protested already. India now is plainly in collapse. Everyone who has been there lately with open eyes speaks of the vague miasma of hatred in the streets. We don't get half the news from India. Just because there exists no clear idea whatever of a new India, it doesn't mean that the old isn't disintegrating. Things that are tumbling down, tumble down. They don'twait to be shown the plans of the new building. The East crumbles. All over the world it becomes unpleasant to be a foreigner, but an Englishman now can't walk in a bazaar without a policeman behind him...
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|Public men in America are too public. Too accessible. This sitting on the stoop and being 'just folk' was all very well for local politics and the simple farmer days of a hundred years ago, but it's no good for world affairs. Opening flower-shows and being genial to babies and all that is out of date. These parish politics methods have to go. The ultimate leader ought to be distant, audible but far off. Show yourself and then vanish into a cloud. Marx would never have counted for one tenth of his weight as 'Charlie Marx' playing chess with the boys, and Woodrow Wilson threw away all his magic as far as Europe was concerned when he crossed the Atlantic. Before he crossed he was a god -- what a god he was! After he arrived he was just a grinning guest. I've got to be the Common Man, yes, but not common like that.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Life is politics, you do it or it does you
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|You English," said Steenhold."You Americans," said Rud."When you aren't as fresh as paint," he said, "you Americans are as stale as old cabbage leaves. I'm amazed at your Labour leaders, at the sort of things you can still take seriously as Presidential Candidates. These leonine reverberators tossing their manes back in order to keep their eyes on the White House -- they belong to the Pleistocene. We dropped that sort of head in England after John Bright. When the Revolution is over and I retire, I shall retire as Hitler did, to some remote hunting-lodge, and we'll have the heads of Great Labour Leaders and Presidential Hopes stuck all round the Hall. Hippopotami won't be in it.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Once you are in power, never forget those who put you there. Deal with those who think they can do better than you and those who think you are god's representative on earth. Deal with each other according to his actions
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Politicians know it's a game of power, every politician at every level, even in the common of mortals.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|The Golden Mean is for the weakling, it was not meant for the likes of Alexander the Great, Cyrus, Pharaohs, or Hitlers of the world
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Nothing is sweeter and addictive than power, the unlucky soul this demon possesses, if he is not sacrificed on its altar will sacrifice others himself to get it
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If anyone rises to power, it's not only because he could, but also because the stars were aligned in his favor. Many with apparent means to take it failed simply because they weren't destined for the honor
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|These politicians impressed him as being the most shortsighted and sceptical men he had ever met. They lived in a little world that was bounded on the one side by "office" and on the other by the constituencies, and they seemed unable to imagine that it was not an eternal world. One tall man, he observed, in the year of grace 1941 was wearing a long frock-coat and a peculiar half-stiff collar reminiscent of that great parliamentary hand, Mr. Gladstone. They talked with one another about divisions; the government majority had dropped to twenty; and they talked about a scene in the House. The P.M.'s manners were becoming intolerable. Then with an air of relaxation they turned to Rud. The possibility of altering opinions in the constituencies seemed a very theoretical one to them. No doubt there were these waves of opinion in the country, and an intelligent parliamentary politician observed them and dodged about among them, but it was quite outside their technique to consider how the pressures of opinion could accumulate and be directed.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Can anyone maintain power without lying? It looks to me like living without breathing. Morality apart, I think some evils are part and parcel of nature and we cannot do without them. Sometimes evil is even necessary to run this evil nature.
Agatha Christie, Murder in the Mews|How well you express it! That is exactly the curse of a politician's life. He has to bow to the country's feeling, however dangerous and foolhardy he knows it to be.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|I'd gone to Central America because I didn't think politics was simply a matter of opinion. It wasn't about having the right "line," having an ideologically pure analysis. It had to be incarnate. And now I was seeing the same thing with faith. It couldn't be about wrangling over the Bible to find justification for your convictions. Like politics, faith had to be about action.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|Though Argaven might be neither sane nor shrewd, he had had long practice in the evasions and challenges and rhetorical subtleties used in conversation by those whose main aim in life was the achievement and maintenance of the shifgrethor relationship on a high level.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|To say that an Orgota government fell means, of course, only that one group of Commensals replaced another group of Commensals in the controlling offices of the Thirty-Three. Some shadows got shorter and some longer, as they say in Karhide.
Joshua Clover, The Matrix|History is not coherent; moreover, the politics of coherence tend to drive history in the least tolerable directions.
Agatha Christie, Murder in the Mews|I will only ask you to believe one thing. I have faith in myself. I believe that I am the man to guide England through the days of crisis that I see coming. If I did not honestly believe that I am needed by my country to steer the ship of state, I would not have done what I have done--made the best of both worlds--saved myself from disaster by a clever trick.''My lord, if you could not make the best of both worlds, you could not be a politician.
Christopher Mart, In the Shreds of Reality: Nameless|Corrupt judicial practices in Russia, America, China, Great Britain, and other countries only vary by a single degree: the cost of services.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|I remember one time we were walking into a grocery store and an old man was ringing a bell for the Salvation Army. I asked my dad if we could give him some money and he told me no, that he works hard for his money and he wasn’t about to let me give it away. He said it isn’t his fault that other people don’t want to work. He spent the whole time we were in the grocery store telling me about how people take advantage of the government and until the government stops helping those people by giving them handouts, the problem won’t ever go away… I believed him. That was three years ago and all this time I thought homeless people were homeless because they were lazy or drug addicts or just didn’t want to work like other people. But now I know that’s not true. Sure, some of what he said was true to an extent, but he was using the worst-case scenarios. Not everyone is homeless because they choose to be. They’re homeless because there isn’t enough help to go around. And people like my father are the problem. Instead of helping others, people use the worst-case scenarios to excuse their own selfishness and greed.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|Things were rather larger, more obvious and rougher on the American side, but the issues were essentially the same. The general public voted and demonstrated, but its voting seemed to lead to nothing. It felt that things were done behind its back and over its head but it could never understand clearly how. It never seemed able to get sound news out of its newspapers nor good faith out of its politicians. It resisted, it fumbled, it was becoming more and more suspicious and sceptical, but it was profoundly confused and ill-informed.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|They despite and hate the government more and more, but they don't know how to set about changing it. The country is dying for some sort of lead, and so far all it is getting is a crowd of fresh professional leaders. Who never get anywhere. Who do not seem to be aiming anywhere. We are living in a world of jaded politics. Poverty increases, prices rise, unemployment spreads, mines, factories stagnate, and nothing is done.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|It doesn't take ten years of study, you don't need to go to the University, to find out that this is a damned good world gone wrong. Gone wrong, because it is being monkeyed with by people too greedy and mean and wrong-hearted altogether to do the right thing by our common world. They've grabbed it and they won't let go. They might lose their importance; they might lose their pull. Everywhere it's the same. Beware of the men you make your masters. Beware of the men you trust.We've only got to be clear-headed to sing the same song and play the same game all over the world, we common men. We don't want Power monkeyed with, we don't want Work and Goods monkeyed with, and, above all, we don't want Money monkeyed with. That's the elements of politics everywhere. When these things go wrong, we go wrong. That's how people begin to feel it and see it in America. That's how we feel it here -- when we look into our minds. That's what common people feel everywhere. That'swhat our brother whites -- "poor whites" they call them -- in those towns in South Carolina are fighting for now. Fighting our battle. Why aren't we with them? We speak the same language; we share the same blood. Who has been keeping us apart from them for a hundred and fifty-odd years? Ruling classes. Politicians. Dear old flag and all that stuff!Our school-books never tell us a word about the American common man; and his school-books never tell him a word about us. They flutter flags between us to keep us apart. Split us up for a century and a half because of some fuss about taxing tea. And what are our wonderful Labour and Socialist and Communist leaders doing to change that? What are they doing to unite us English-speaking common men together and give us our plain desire? Are they doing anything more for us than the land barons and thefactory barons and the money barons? Not a bit of it! These labour leaders of to-day mean to be lords to-morrow. They are just a fresh set of dishonest trustees. Look at these twenty-odd platforms here! Mark their needless contradictions! Their marvellous differences on minor issues. 'Manoeuvres!' 'Intrigue.' 'Personalities.' 'Monkeying.' 'Don't trust him, trust me!' All of them at it. Mark how we common men are distracted, how we are set hunting first after one red herring and then after another, for the want of simple, honest interpretation...
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|The whole world," he said, "is going Radical again. Fundamentally. In religion. In politics. In law. The Common Man has been trying to get his Radicalism said and done plainly and clearly for a hundred and fifty years. Now we take it on. Our movement. The new wave of attack." "And fill a ditch in our turn," said Irwell. "Maybe we're over the last ditch," said Rud. "There must be a last ditch somewhere..."All other revolutionary movements have been experiments so far, Christianity, the French Revolution, the Russian Revolution, and more or less failures. They were experiments in liberation and they did not liberate. The old things wriggled back. But ours may be the experiment that succeeds. We may get to the Common-sense World State. Yes -- we -- in this room...Why not? It has to come somehow, somewhen... If it doesn't come pretty soon, there won't be much of humanity left to liberate.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|We've got to escape from narrowness. We're a movement, not a conspiracy. We've got to radiate contacts, and have as many people aware of us as possible. That's living, modern common sense.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Nor, perhaps, will it fail to be eventually perceived, that behind those forms and usages, as it were, he sometimes masked himself; incidentally making use of them for other and more private ends than they were legitimately intended to subserve. That certain sultanism of his brain, which had otherwise in a good degree remained unmanifested; through those forms that same sultanism became incarnate in an irresistible dictatorship. For be a man’s intellectual superiority what it will, it can never assume the practical, available supremacy over other men, without the aid of some sort of external arts and entrenchments, always, in themselves, more or less paltry and base. This it is, that for ever keeps God’s true princes of the Empire from the world’s hustings; and leaves the highest honors that this air can give, to those men who become famous more through their infinite inferiority to the choice hidden handful of the Divine Inert, than through their undoubted superiority over the dead level of the mass. Such large virtue lurks in these small things when extreme political superstitions invest them, that in some royal instances even to idiot imbecility they have imparted potency. But when, as in the case of Nicholas the Czar, the ringed crown of geographical empire encircles an imperial brain; then, the plebeian herds crouch abased before the tremendous centralization. Nor, will the tragic dramatist who would depict mortal indomitableness in its fullest sweep and direct swing, ever forget a hint, incidentally so important in his art, as the one now alluded to.
William Jennings Bryan|If true Christianity consists in carrying out in our daily lives the teachings of Christ, who will say that we are commanded to civilize with dynamite and proselyte with the sword? ... Imperialism finds no warrant in the Bible. The command 'Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature' has no Gatling gun attachment.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|But nowadays -- Our weakness for the last few years has been the ineffectiveness of the Opposition. This Labour Party has never had the quality of a fighting Opposition. It has just sucked the life out of Radicalism. It has never had the definite idealism of the Whigs and Liberals. 'Give us more employment and slightly higher pay and be sure of our contentment,' says Labour. 'We're loyal. We know our place. But we don't like being unemployed.' What good is that as Opposition? It's about as much opposition as a mewing cat. We mean more than that. I tell you frankly. Our task, I take it, my task, is to reinstate that practical working Opposition which has always been Old England's alternative line of defence... For the good of all of us...
Corinne Maier, Einstein|Daddy, I don't like military parades. I never want to be like those people who march rank and file to music - they were given brains by mistake.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|Look at the way people have swung through Communism, Toryism, Liberalism -- in vast blocks. In my father's boyhood you were either a Liberal or a Conservative in England, and there you stuck, and in America you were a sturdy individualist Democrat or Republican from the cradle to the grave. But now the Voice does it -- the pervading voice. And just nowit's come to a point when a Voice -- putting it straight and clear. Straight and clear...
Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf|In addition, I had the greatest interest in anything connected with politics, but this did not seem to me very significant. On the contrary: in my eyes, this was the self-evident duty of every thinking man, Anyone who failed to understand this lost the right to any criticism or complaint
Javed Jamil, Muslim Vision of Secular India: Destination & Roadmap|The current political dispensation in the country takes pride in its affiliations with religion and culture. But unfortunately, they have become a corporate government more than a moral government. Religion to them does not mean the supremacy of moral, family and social values prescribed by religion, but hatred based on religious identity. If they can revisit their strategy, and take a bold stand against social vices, almost all the religious communities of the country, which means more than 95 pc of the people, will be standing behind them. But unfortunately, they stand for the rest 5 per cent.
Philip Gould, The Unfinished Revolution: How New Labour Changed British Politics Forever|Start with an honest analysis of why you are in opposition, not in government.
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|When the day to day life is suppressing you, how could you put your moral values and will power to the realm of life?
Benjamin Barber|Global inequality means that while the wealthy have too few needs, the needy have too little wealth. Capitalism is stymied, courting long-term disaster.
Brian Zahnd, A Farewell to Mars: An Evangelical Pastor's Journey Toward the Biblical Gospel of Peace|I thought of you when I read this quote from "A Farewell to Mars: An Evangelical Pastor's Journey Toward the Biblical Gospel of Peace" by Brian Zahnd -"Jesus is introduced. (Standing ovation.) He stands before Congress and begins to deliver his speech. “Blessed are the poor …the mourners … the meek.” “Love your enemies.” “Turn the other cheek.” After a few perfunctory applauses early on, I’m pretty sure there would be a lot of squirming senators and uncomfortable congressmen. The room would sink into a tense silence. And when Jesus concluded his speech with a prophecy of the inevitable fall of the house that would not act upon his words (Matt. 7:26–27), what would Congress do? Nothing. They would not act. They could not act. To act on Jesus’s words would undo their system. The Sermon on the Mount doesn’t work in Cain’s system—no matter how noble or sophisticated. In the end, the US Congress would no more adopt the policies Jesus set out in the Sermon on the Mount than they were adopted by the Jewish Sanhedrin or the Roman Senate.
Arash Tabish|I have always said which politics is ugly, still i would like to tell let's have no faith in politics and don't trust politician. see what is going on in our world most important in our own country, can you really see? people are getting killed or losing their life for the false and wrong purposes of those ugly politician. i can expect more worse the situation then it is right now, and I am pretty sure I won't be disappointed. i wish our fellow humans specially our nation understand that we will never be able to build our country by making war everywhere, as i always said that with war we can not bulid our country, make our nation life better and bring a positive change in our society or our world. with war we only destroy our country, killing our fellow human beings and even destroying humanity inside of ourselves. Let's understand that we have a group of wrong and ugly people which we call them ( politician ). they are trying to do whatever they can and it take even the let lots of people to die for their own purpose to get what they want. they will never be able to bring peace by what they are busy doing so please come join me and let's say (No) to war and not only with words but we need to show it practically in our life , Let's not to pick up guns and refuse to go War. We need to have faith in God and follow the right path that he showed us. Let's spread love among human beings. Remember that if you keep having faith in politics and politician, i promise that you will see more difficult time and more worse then how it is now. Let's stop making excuses, having faith in God, asking him for help and following the right path that he showed us.
Chuck Klosterman, But What If We're Wrong? Thinking About the Present As If It Were the Past|The ultimate failure of the United States will probably not derive from the problems we see or the conflicts we wage. It will more likely derive from our uncompromising belief in the things we consider unimpeachable and idealized and beautiful. Because every strength is a weakness, if given enough time.
Chuck Klosterman, But What If We're Wrong? Thinking About the Present As If It Were the Past|Sometimes I fantasize about the US head of state as a super-lazy, super-moral libertarian despot and think, “That would certainly make everything easier,” even though I can’t think of one person who’d qualify, except maybe Willie Nelson.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|Incidentally, I notice that our professors, trying to show off to their students, rant and rail against the state and against law and order, while expecting that same state to punctually pay their salaries, pensions, and family allowances, so that they value at least this kind of law and order. Make a fist with the left hand and open the right hand receptively—that is how one gets through life.
Joseph N. Welch|Have you no sense of decency, sir?
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|While the truth is putting on its shoes, the lie becomes a president!
Clifford Cohen|All too often, our elegant political theories amount to nothing more than ideology triumphing over common sense.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|...the Conservative party found him an embarrassment because he was apt to criticize the party leader in public, the Liberals naturally wanted to defeat him, and the newspapers were out to get him. It was a dreadful campaign on his part, for he lost his head, bullied his electors when he should have wooed them, and got into a wrangle with a large newspaper, which he threatened to sue for libel. He was defeated on election day so decisively that it was obviously a personal rather than a political rejection.
Steven Erikson, Dust of Dreams|..."Were hostages ever killed?"She shook her head. "Not until the end. When everything...fell apart. "All it needs,",she said, memories clouding her mind, "is the breaking of one rule, one law. A breaking that then no one calls to account. Once that happens, once the shock passes, every law shatters. Every rule of conduct, of proper behaviour, it all vanishes. Then the hounds inside each and everyone of us is unleashed. At that moment Withal" - she met his eyes, defiant against the grief she saw in them - "we show our true selves. We are not beasts- we are something far worse. There deep inside us. You see it - the emptiness in the eyes, as horror upon horror is committed, and no one feels. No one feels a thing." --Steven Erikson... Dust of Dreams
Lee Kuan Yew, From Third World to First: The Singapore Story: 1965-2000|Start with putting three of your friends to jail. You definitely know what for, and people will believe you
Peggy Noonan|Word of the day- kakistocracy. From the Greek meaning government by the worst persons, least qualified or most unprincipled.
Arash Tabish|Let's face the fact that most people believe what they like to believe or what they want to believe even if it is not real or it is not right things to blieve but they reject the reality and the right thing to believe. You know why cause most of them feel hurted by the truth, they are avoiding the truth instead they accept lie and unreal things. that is why i always mentioned that politics is just a wrong business for ugly people, unfortunately these ugly people are using our nation to reach for their goals, they can do anything to get what they want so let's be smart, be thoughtful and never believe in propaganda, never trust politicians even if you think that they are right cause most of them are not honest, let's remember that we are being led to slaughterhouse by Corrupt politicians, unfortunately most ordinary people is puppet of fake and worthless news and media and most media is the right hand for Anarchy. Let's be smart, be thoughtful and try do our best to avoid hate and anger but spread love, joy, peace, kindness and forbearance among our nation and our fellow human beings.
Pat Condell, Freedom Is My Religion|In a democracy, of course, you always get a choice:Do you want to be governed by the red or by the blue? It's entirely up to you.Do you want to be patronized or condescended to by liars or by crooks? You get to choose.Would you prefer your fundamental values to be insulted or ignored by con men or by charlatans?In short, do you want your influence to be zero or nil?And when would you like to be listened to, never or not at all?It's your choice. Do you want some more choice?Take it or leave it. Now there's a real choice.
Thomas Piketty, Capital in the Twenty-First Century|All told, over the period 1932-1980, nearly half a century, the top federal income tax rate in the United States averaged 81 percent.
Jonathan Leeman, Political Church: The Local Assembly as Embassy of Christ's Rule|The division between politics and religion, I dare say, is an ideological ploy. Imagine an airport security metal detector standing at the entrance of the public square, which doesn't screen for metal for but for religion. The machine beeps anytime someone walks through it with a supernatural big-G God hiding inside of one of their convictions, but it fails to pick up self-manufactured or socially-constructed little-g gods. Into this public square the secularist, the materialist, the Darwinist, the consumerist, the elitist, the chauvinist, and, frankly, the fascist can all enter carrying their gods with them, like whittled wooden figures in their pockets. Not so the Christians or Jews. Their conviction that murder is wrong because all people are made in God's image might as well be a semi-automatic. What this means, of course, is that the public square is inevitably slanted toward the secularist and materialist. Public conversation is ideologically rigged. The secularist can bring his or her god. I cannot bring mine because his name starts with a capital letter and I didn't make him up.
Helen Keller|Our democracy is but a name. We vote? What does that mean? It means we choose between two bodies of real, though not avowed, autocrats. We choose between Tweedledum and Tweedledee...
Adam Nicolson, Seize the Fire: Heroism, Duty, and Nelson's Battle of Trafalgar|At that level through out the 18th century, another vision of admirable behavior persisted. The mob did not want the smooth conformable man, the slick hypocrite who could so politely maneuver his way into the rewards of high politics and high society. They wanted his very opposite, the clever thief. The man who thrived not by using the well oiled wheels of society but by opposing them and cheating them; by attending to the well-being of his own heroic self.
Antonio Gramsci|I live, I am partisan. This is why I hate those who do not take sides; I hate those who are indifferent
Joshua Goldberg|Like the far-right that they claim to be so staunchly opposed to, the far-left is based entirely around hate....not only is she a white person who isn’t self-flagellating, but she’s also a woman who doesn’t see herself as a victim of some evil patriarchal conspiracy. To an SJW, that’s heresy: all white people are evil and all women are victims. If a woman doesn’t think that she’s a victim, then she has “internalized misogyny” and she just doesn’t know any better, so she needs SJWs to speak on her behalf. Likewise, if a black person doesn’t tow the SJW line exactly, then they will be immediately labeled an “Uncle Tom” or “house nigger” by the extremely patronizing SJWs who see minorities as nothing more than political props and tools and who view all races as monoliths with intrinsic characteristics .
Bikash Bhandari|You follow voice of masses, Possibly you suppress your inner voice.
Henry A. Giroux, America at War with Itself: Authoritarian Politics in a Free Society|Americans need to continue to develop broad-based movements that reject the established political parties and rethink the social formations necessary to bring about a radical democracy. We see this in the Black Lives Matter movement as well as in a range of other movements that are resisting corporate money in politics, the widespread destruction of the environment, nuclear war and the mass incarceration state.
Steven Magee|Most politicians are corrupt as they do not represent the masses that voted for them, but rather they choose to return numerous favors to the corporations that funded their election campaigns.
Lesslie Newbigin, The other side of 1984|The nation state has taken the place of God. Responsibilities for education, healing and public welfare which had formerly rested with the Church devolved more and more upon the nation state ... National governments are widely assumed to be responsible for and capable of providing those things which former generations thought only God could provide - freedom from fear, hunger, disease and want - in a word: "happiness".
Steven Magee|If you do not want to be lied to, then you need to stop following politics.
Monty Don, My Roots: A Decade in the Garden|Modern life is, for most of us, a kind of serfdom to mortgage, job and the constant assault to consume. Although we have more time and money than ever before, most of us have little sense of control over our own lives. It is all connected to the apathy that means fewer and fewer people vote. Politicians don’t listen to us anyway. Big business has all the power; religious extremism all the fear. But in the garden or allotment we are king or queen. It is our piece of outdoors that lays a real stake to the planet.
Steven Magee|The Democratic Party would like to be re-elected so that they can continue to uphold almost no Occupational Safety & Health Administration (OSHA) whistle-blower complaints, enforce hardly any police internal affairs allegations, and corrupt corporations with lobbyists can continue operating outside of the law.
Barbara W. Tuchman, Practicing History:  Selected Essays|The writer of history, I believe, has a number of duties vis-à-vis the reader, if he wants to keep him reading. The first is to distill. He must do the preliminary work for the reader, assemble the information, make sense of it, select the essential, discard the irrelevant- above all, discard the irrelevant - and put the rest together so that it forms a developing dramatic narrative. Narrative, it has been said , is the lifeblood of history. To offer a mass of undigested facts, of names not identified and places not located, is of no use to the reader and is simple laziness on the part of the author, or pedantry to show how much he has read.
David Baldacci, The Target|Politics is a dirty, ruthless business, Agent Robie. It makes the intelligence sector look relatively honorable by comparison.
Eric D. Weitz, Weimar Germany: Promise and Tragedy|. And it especially cannot endure when powerful groups in that society seek at every turn to undermine and destroy its very being. The threats to democracy are not always from enemies abroad. They can come from those within who espouse the language of democracy and use the liberties afforded them by democratic institutions to undermine the substance of democracy. Weimar cautions us to be wary of those people as well. What comes next can be very bad, even worse than imaginable.
Mark Clifton, They'd Rather Be Right|[H]e quoted eloquently from the Bill of Rights, the Constitution, the Gettysburg Address, and a section which had been stricken from his party's platform seventy-five years ago. He was not quite clear on what all this had to do with [the present situation], but it was noble and stirring and would bring in a lot of votes.
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|Those who are not true leaders or elders will just affirm people at their own immature level, and of course immature people will love them and elect them for being equally immature. You can fill in the names here with your own political disaster story. But just remember, there is a symbiosis between immature groups and immature leaders, I am afraid, which is why both Plato and Jefferson said democracy was not really the best form of government. It is the safest. A truly wise monarch would probably be the most effective at getting things done.
Joe Haldeman, Mindbridge|One rash person in the right place and earth could be a sterile cinder in seconds, but that's been more-or-less true for a century.
Simon Sebag Montefiore, The Romanovs: 1613-1918|Who is fit to be elected?' asked Napoleon. 'A Caesar, an Alexander only comes along once a century, so that election must be a matter of chance.
Yoshiki Tanaka, 銀河英雄伝説 2 野望篇 [Ginga eiyū densetsu 2]|Maybe Trünicht was to society what a cancer cell could be to the body—consuming the healthy cells’ nutrition so that it alone would multiply, grow stronger and bigger, and at last kill its host. Trünicht would agitate for war one day, insist on democracy the next, and steadily increase his power and influence while never taking responsibility for anything he said. Therefore, the stronger he got, the weaker society would become, until he would finally consume it.
Helen Craik, Stella of the North|So spoke the man whose importance originated in the golden harvest he had reaped with the resistless hand of force, from the the legal, but unfortunate possessors, in a far distant region, where the conviction of riches proves certain destruction to the hapless natives, and poverty is considered as the greatest crime their European plunderers can possibly be accused of.
Elizabeth Bradley|One of the essential qualities of the clinician is interest in humanity, for the secret of the care of the patient is in caring for the patient.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When a great man stands on a land for a moment, the land becomes not just a great land for a moment, but a great landmark!
Eliza Parsons, The Girl of the Mountains|By vice, dissipation, and extravagance, [the nobility] have been driven to the most despicable, and often the most atrocious actions, for which persons in a humble line would be exemplarily punished, while men and women of rank claim the privilege of being infamous.
Alejandro Jodorowsky, Psicomagia|Although really society should not change, it should mutate. And, little by little, it is mutating...... Society is like the body of a chicken: the chicken's foot is hard and insensitive while the eye is very alive. And there are beings who embody the cells of the eyes and others who embody the cells of the feet, of the wings, or of the anus.
Stanley Hauerwas, Resident Aliens: Life in the Christian Colony|That which makes the church "radical" and forever "new" is not that the church tends to lean toward the left on most social issues, but rather that the church knows Jesus whereas the world does not. In the church's view, the political left is not noticeably more interesting than the political right; both sides tend towards solutions that act as if the world has not ended and begun in Jesus.
Stanley Hauerwas, Resident Aliens: Life in the Christian Colony|In fact, even Tillich's socialism was accommodationist because it continued the Constantinian strategy: The way to make the church radical is by identifying the church with secular "radicals", that is, socialists.
Peter Singer, Writings on an Ethical Life|If we shrug our shoulders at the avoidable suffering of the weak and the poor, of those who are getting exploited and ripped off, we are not the left.
Saminu Kanti|There's one country that can be trusted to understand the complexity of history, it's Nigeria.
Noam Chomsky|They declare that it is unpatriotic and disruptive to question the workings of authority--but patriotic to institute harsh and regressive policies that benefit the wealthy, undermine social programs that serve the needs of the great majority, and subordinate a frightened population to increased state control.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|Untalented people, unintelligent people go into politics. Those who are talented become artists, painters, poets, philosophers, mystics, dancers. They have a thousand and one other beautiful things to do, not politics. Only the third rate, the most unintelligent part of a country, moves into politics.
Peter J. Carroll, Psybermagick: Advanced Ideas in Chaos Magick|Never join a conspiracy that you could possibly betray, because if you could, someone else will.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Ethelinde, or the Recluse of the Lake|For having been educated in a convent, she knew nothing of the customs or manners of the world; and found it difficult to understand that among a people piquing themselves on their liberty, it was the custom to shut a man up in perpetual confinement, to enable him to pay his debts.
James Morris Robinson, Genesis: A New World Order|There will come a time when Satan will throw a veil over the earth...and convince us that he does not exist. Look at the extreme degradation of our politics, values and loyalty and tell me that day is not today.
Ilana Mercer, Broad Sides - One Woman's Clash with a Corrupt Culture|Republicans are the drag queens of politics. Peel away the pules for family, faith and fetuses and one discovers either neoconservative welfare-warfare statists or global social democrats ...
Ilana Mercer, The Trump Revolution: The Donald's Creative Destruction Deconstructed|To Donal Trump, making America great means making the people great. To the political cast, conversely, making America great means making government great.
Ilana Mercer, The Trump Revolution: The Donald's Creative Destruction Deconstructed|To Donald Trump, making America great means making the people great. To the political cast, conversely, making America great means making government great.
Noam Chomsky, On Language|Moynihan, when he was ambassador to the United Nations, produced the same effect when he attacked the Third World. These attacks aroused great admiration here; for example, when he denounced Idi Amin of Uganda as a "racist murderer." The question is not whether Idi Amin is a racist murderer. No doubt the appellation is correct. The question is, what does it mean for Moynihan to make this accusation and for others to applaud his honesty and courage in doing so? Who is Moynihan? He served in four administrations, those of Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, and Ford - that is to say, administrations that were guilty of racist murder on a scale undreamed of by Idi Amin. Imagine that some minor functionary of the Third Reich had correctly accused someone of being a racist murderer.
Noam Chomsky, On Language|The liberal press cannot question the basic doctrine of the state religion, that the United States is benevolent, even though often misguided in its innocence, that it labors to permit free choice, even though at times some mistakes are committed in the exuberance of its programs of international goodwill. We must believe that we "Americans" are always good, though, to be sure, fallible.
Abdulsalam Unshur|One chance missing, makes losing more chances.
Dane Whalen|Terrorism is the use of violence or intimidation in the pursuit of a political aim. The highest political aim is the creation and enforcement of law. Cops use violence and intimidation to enforce law. Therefore, all cops are, by definition, terrorists.
William E. Connolly, The Fragility of Things: Self-Organizing Processes, Neoliberal Fantasies, and Democratic Activism|If you are stuck in circumstances in which it takes Herculean efforts to get through the day— doing low-income work, obeying an authoritarian boss, buying clothes for the children, dealing with school issues, paying the rent or mortgage, fixing the car, negotiating with a spouse, paying taxes, and caring for older parents— it is not easy to pay close attention to larger political issues. Indeed you may wish that these issues would take care of themselves. It is not a huge jump from such a wish to become attracted to a public philosophy, spouted regularly at your job and on the media, that economic life would regulate itself automatically if only the state did not repeatedly intervene in it in clumsy ways. Now underfunded practices such as the license bureau, state welfare, public health insurance, public schools, public retirement plans, and the like begin to appear as awkward, bureaucratic organizations that could be replaced or eliminated if only the rational market were allowed to take care of things impersonally and quietly, as it were. Certainly such bureaucracies are indeed often clumsy. But more people are now attracted to compare that clumsiness to the myth of how an impersonal market would perform if it took on even more assignments and if state regulation of it were reduced even further. So a lot of “independents” and “moderates” may become predisposed to the myth of the rational market in part because the pressures of daily life encourage them to seek comfort in ideological formations that promise automatic rationality.
Edward Schillebeeckx, Jesus In Our Western Culture: Mysticism, Ethics And Politics|Although we cannot attain Jesus in his fullness unless at the same time we also take into account his unique relationship with God which has a special nature of its own, this does not of itself mean that Jesus' unique way of life is the only way to God. For even Jesus not only reveals God but also conceals him, since he appeared among us in non-godlike, creaturely humanity. As man he is a historical, contingent being who in no way can represent the full riches of God... unless one denies the reality of his real humanity (and that runs counter to the consensus of the church). So the gospel itself forbids us to speak of a Christian religious imperialism and exclusivism.
Usman W. Chohan|What is Science Fiction? It is the absence of governance and political arrangements in worlds where advanced technology marches onwards. Petty politics and primal instincts continue to dominate while scientific advancement continues. This is our problem today as well: our brightest minds devote themselves to science but shun governance and politics. So as in each catastrophe conjured and contemplated in science fiction, we run the risk of cosmic destruction, lest our greatest minds turn to resolving the outstanding problems of politics and governance first.
Saminu Kanti|I am not a member of any political party, APC or PDP. I am a Democrat.
Quentin R. Bufogle, Horse Latitudes|A little stupid is like a little forest fire. If you happen upon some stupid, please stomp it out before it spreads.
Salman Rushdie|Two things form the bedrock of any open society — freedom of expression and rule of law. If you don’t have those things, you don’t have a free cou
Terry Pratchett|It's political, sir. Apparently he wants a return to the values and traditions that made the city great, sir." "Does he _know_ what those values and traditions _were_?" said Vimes, aghast.
C.S. Lewis, Present Concerns|Where men are forbidden to honour a king they honour millionaires, athletes, or film-stars instead: even famous prostitutes or gangsters. For spiritual nature, like bodily nature, will be served; deny it food and it will gobble poison.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World Revisited|On the levels of politics and theology, beauty is perfectly compatible with nonsense and tyranny. Which is very fortunate; for if beauty were incompatible with non­sense and tyranny, there would be precious little art in the world. The masterpieces of painting, sculpture and architecture were produced as religious or political propaganda, for the greater glory of a god, a govern­ment or a priesthood. But most kings and priests have been despotic and all religions have been riddled with superstition. Genius has been the servant of tyranny and art has advertised the merits of the local cult. Time, as it passes, separates the good art from the bad meta­physics. Can we learn to make this separation, not after the event, but while it is actually taking place? That is the question.
Clifford Cohen|We live in an age of equivocal competency: if you want, you can be a competent dictator, a competent self-promoter, a competent terrorist. Just because you can do something well does not mean you should be doing it.
H.G. Wells|They did not think politics was a great constructive process, they thought it was a kind of dog-fight. They wanted fun, they wanted spice, they wanted hits, they wanted also a chance to say "'Ear, 'ear!" in an intelligent and honourable manner and clap their hands and drum with their feet. The great constructive process in history gives so little scope for clapping and drumming and saying "'Ear, 'ear!" One might as well think of hounding on the solar system.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|IT (The country) IS HEADED TOWARD OVERSIMPLIFICATION. YOU WANT TO SEE A PRESIDENT OF THE FUTURE? TURN ON ANY TELEVISION ON ANY SUNDAY MORNING - FIND ONE OF THOSE HOLY ROLLERS: THAT'S HIM, THAT'S THE NEW MISTER PRESIDENT! AND DO YOU WANT TO SEE THE FUTURE OF ALL THOSE KIDS WHO ARE GOING TO FALL IN THE CRACKS OF THIS GREAT, BIG, SLOPPY SOCIETY OF OURS? I JUST MET HIM; HE'S A TALL, SKINNY, FIFTEEN-YEAR-OLD BOY NAMED "DICK." HE'S PRETTY SCARY. WHAT'S WRONG WITH HIM IS NOT UNLIKE WHAT'S WRONG WITH THE TV EVANGELIST - OUR FUTURE PRESIDENT. WHAT'S WRONG WITH BOTH OF THEM IS THAT THEY'RE SO SURE THEY'RE RIGHT! THAT'S PRETTY SCARY - THE FUTURE, I THINK, IS PRETTY SCARY.
George Saunders|In the old days, a liberal and a conservative (a “dove” and a “hawk,” say) got their data from one of three nightly news programs, a local paper, and a handful of national magazines, and were thus starting with the same basic facts (even if those facts were questionable, limited, or erroneous). Now each of us constructs a custom informational universe, wittingly (we choose to go to the sources that uphold our existing beliefs and thus flatter us) or unwittingly (our app algorithms do the driving for us). The data we get this way, pre-imprinted with spin and mythos, are intensely one-dimensional.
Noam Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival: America's Quest for Global Dominance|It is useful to remember that no matter where we turn, there is rarely any shortage of elevated ideals to accompany the resort to violence.
Rick Elkin, Turn Right at Lost: Recalulating America|The premise that America’s power and influence was rooted in its wealth was wrong to begin with. To the contrary, our strength comes from America’s magical stuff. It is something intangible, something invulnerable, something no measure of evil, no amount of violence or bloodshed can destroy.
Rick Elkin, Turn Right at Lost: Recalulating America|What worries me is that I am not sure any of the Republicans, or any Democrat, is ready to 'go to the mats.' And, ergo, I am concerned that our current leaders are simply incapable of creating a winning war strategy.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason|The point is you are supposed to vote for the principle of the thing, not the itsy-bitsy detail about this percent and that percent.
Clifford Cohen|Why do the powerful always insist on having a “back story” to justify whatever they do? Why can’t they—just once—do something for the simple reason that it is the right thing to do, in itself, for reasons understood and accepted by all? In politics, laws are passed to secretly serve hidden agendas, for without such agendas many lawmakers would never find the motivation to support anything at all.
Henry Kissinger|In every era, humanity produces demonic individuals and seductive ideas of repression. The task of statesmanship is to prevent their rise to power and sustain an international order capable of deterring them if they do achieve it.
Amit Kalantri|Money is not as good as power, but power is as good as money.
Amit Kalantri|Power is not pleasure, power is pain.
Boris Johnson|There must be room in our world for eccentricity, even if it offends the prudes, and room for the vague other-worldliness that often goes with genius.
Simon Sebag Montefiore, The Romanovs: 1613-1918|Power is always personal: any study of a Western democratic leader today reveals that, even in a transparent system with its short periods in office, personalities shape administrations. Democratic leaders often rule through trusted retainers instead of official ministers. In any court, power is as fluid as human personality.
Andrew Breitbart|If the political left weren't so joyless, humorless, intrusive, taxing, over-taxing, anarchistic, controlling, rudderless, chaos-prone, pedantic, unrealistic, hypocritical, clueless, politically correct, angry, cruel, sanctimonious, retributive, redistributive, intolerant, and if the political left wasn't hell-bent on expansion of said unpleasantness into all aspects of my family's life the truth is: I would not be in your life. If the democratic party were run by Joe Lieberman and Evan Bayh, if it had the slightest vestige of JFK and Henry "Scoop" Jackson I wouldn't be on the political map. If the American media were run by biased but not evil Tim Russert and David Brinkley types I wouldn't have joined the fight. You would not know who I am. The left made me do it, I swear, I am a reluctant cultural warrior.
Brian Staveley, The Providence of Fire|Oh for ’Shael’s sweet sake, girl, you think you can rule an empire without lying? You think your father didn’t lie? Or his father? Or any of your goldy-eyed great-great-founders of Annur? It’s built into the job. Bakers have flour, fishermen have nets, and leaders have lies.
Thomas Jefferson|I never submitted the whole system of my opinions to the creed of any party of men whatever in religion, in philosophy, in politics, or in anything else where I was capable of thinking for myself. Such an addiction is the last degradation of a free and moral agent. If I could not go to heaven but with a party, I would not go there at all.
Roger Scruton, Fools, Frauds and Firebrands: Thinkers of the New Left|The two goals of liberation and social justice are not obviously compatible, any more than were the liberty and equality advocated at the French Revolution. If liberation involves the liberation of individual potential, how do we stop the ambitious, the energetic, the intelligent, the good-looking and the strong from getting ahead, and what should we allow ourselves by way of constraining them?
Simon Sebag Montefiore, The Romanovs: 1613-1918|Very few politicians, who have chosen a political career, can fulfill the aspirations and survive the strains of an elevated office that in a monarchy was filled so randomly. Each tsar had to be simultaneously dictator and supreme general, high priest and Little Father. They required all the qualities listed by the sociologist Max Weber: the personal gift of grace, the virtue of legality, and "the authority of the eternal yesterday.
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|There was no whimsical ‘sip of wine at Thanksgiving’ for us kids while we were still teenagers. This was the Clinton era, and my parents were already worried about the moral deterioration of the country.
William Deresiewicz|We can start all the organic farms we want, but we can't stop congress from declaring pizza sauce a vegetable.
Andre the BFG, Andre's Adventures in MySpace|When the evidence for and against "democracy being the finest system of government yet invented" is weighed, George W Bush is going to tip the scales very heavily against.
Rebecca Traister|As the second decade of the twenty-first century has worn on, politicians of all stripes, aware of the political power of the unmarried woman yet seemingly incapable of understanding female life outside of a marital context, have come to rely on a metaphor in which American women, no longer bound to men, are binding themselves to government.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Many comedians are very proud of themselves for saying the things others are supposedly afraid to say. They are at the forefront of this culture of entitlement where we get to do anything, think anything, and say anything.
Miriam Defensor Santiago, Stupid is Forever|In my view, leadership is the courage to take risks in defense of a position that is both legal and moral. The politician who tries to become a wise guy by becoming friends to everybody - corrupt or not - is not a leader.
Stephen King, Wizard and Glass|A mob always picked its own leaders, and it always picked the right ones.
Abraham Lincoln, The Gettysburg Address|. . . that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom—and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.-	President Abraham Lincoln, Gettysburg address, November 19, 1863
Aristotle, Politics|Neither should we forget the mean, which at the present day is lost sight of in perverted forms of government; for many practices which appear to be democratical are the ruin of democracies, and many which appear to be oligarchical are the ruin of oligarchies. Those who think that all virtue is to be found in their own party principles push matters to extremes; they do not consider that disproportion destroys a state.
Aristotle, Politics|Neither should we forget the mean, which at the present day is lost sight of in perverted forms of government; for many practices which appear to be democratical are the ruin of democracies, and many which appear to be oligarchical are the ruin of oligarchies. Those who think that all virtue is to be found in their own party principles push matters to extremes; they do not consider that disproportion destroys a state. A nose which varies from the ideal of straightness to a hook or snub may still be of good shape and agreeable to the eye; but if the excess be very great, all symmetry is lost, and the nose at last ceases to be a nose at all on account of some excess in one direction or defect in the other; and this is true of every other part of the human body. The same law of proportion equally holds in states. Oligarchy or democracy, although a departure from the most perfect form, may yet be a good enough government, but if any one attempts to push the principles of either to an extreme, he will begin by spoiling the government and end by having none at all. Wherefore the legislator and the statesman ought to know what democratical measures save and what destroy a democracy, and what oligarchical measures save or destroy an oligarchy. For neither the one nor the other can exist or continue to exist unless both rich and poor are included in it. If equality of property is introduced, the state must of necessity take another form; for when by laws carried to excess one or other element in the state is ruined, the constitution is ruined.
Mohsin Hamid, Discontent and Its Civilizations: Dispatches from Lahore, New York, and London|But since the subsequent US invasion of Afghanistan, terrorists have killed many times that number of people in Pakistan. Tens of thousands have died here in terror and counterterror violence, slain by bombs, bullets, cannons, and drones. America's 9/11 has given way to Pakistan's 24/7/365. The battlefield has been displaced. And in Pakistan it is much more bloody.
L.E. Modesitt Jr.|In politics, looking at the big picture is the most convenient way to avoid getting bogged down in annoying little details, like the facts. That's why politicians always talk in generalities, such as "balancing the budget" or "obtaining justice under law" or "maintaining meaningful employment," when they really mean "massive spending cuts in programs advocated by my opens," or "creating a religious loophole for my largest contributor," or "keeping open a redundant and wasteful government facility in my district.
Aireen C. Pontillo|If the truth is Impermissible, then we'll eventually be breaking all the rules.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln|As a nation, we began by declaring that ‘all men are created equal.’ We now practically read it ‘all men are created equal, except negroes.’ When the Know-Nothings get control, it will read ‘all men are created equal, except negroes, and foreigners, and catholics.’ When it comes to this I should prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty—to Russia, for instance.
Frederick the Great|A prince ... is only the first servant of the state, who is obliged to act with probity and prudence. ... As the sovereign is properly the head of a family of citizens, the father of his people, he ought on all occasions to be the last refuge of the unfortunate.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|When she was pregnant with her second child, a midwife asked if Catherine had any unspoken fears about anything that could go wrong with the baby - such as genetic defects or complications during the birth. My sister said, 'My only fear is that he might grow up to become a Republican.
Mehmet Murat ildan|One of the lowest creatures on earth is the politician who tries to eliminate his political rivals using unlawful methods and even violence! To halt the march of such demonic people, never use the same immoral methods, because to defeat a poisonous snake you don’t have to be a poisonous snake yourself!
F. S. Oliver|Politics unfortunately abounds in shams that must be treated reverentially for every politician who would succeed. If you are the sort of man whose stomach revolts against treating shams reverentially, you will be well advised to stay out of politics altogether and set up as a prophet; your prophecies may perhaps sow good seed for some future harvest. But as a politician you would be impotent. For at any given time the bulk of your countrymen believe firmly and devoutly, not only in various things that are worthy of belief, but also in illusions of one kind and another; and they will never submit to have their affairs managed for them by one who appears not to share in their credulity.
Beatrice Fairfax, Ladies now and then|There used to be a canny politician in the Hyde Park area in Chicago in which I at one time lived for several years. His slogan was "I am for harmony if I have to use an axe." As "Secretary of Charm," if and when my merits and ambitions are recognized by my appointment to that office, I will take a page out of old "Doc" Jamieson's book. My motto will be "I will have charm, even if I have to use a club.
Stephen King, The Shining|The world's a hard place, Danny. It don't care. It don't hate you and me, but it don't love us, either. Terrible things happen in the world, and they're things no one can explain. Good people die in bad, painful ways and leave the folks that love them all alone. Sometimes it seems like it's only the bad people who stay healthy and prosper. The world don't love you, but your momma does and so do I.
Scott Westerfeld, Afterworlds|What did a happy ending even mean in real life, anyway? In stories you simply said, 'They lived happily ever after,' and that was it. But in real life people had to keep on living, day after day, year after year.
Brigid Kemmerer, Letters to the Lost|Can I tell you one thing?” Melonhead says.I swallow. “Sure.”“One day isn’t your whole life, Murph.” He waits until I look at him. “A day is just a day.”I scoff and slouch in the chair. “So what are you saying? That people shouldn’t judge me on one mistake? Tell that to Judge Ororos.”He leans in against the table. “No, kid. I’m saying you shouldn’t judge yourself for it.
Brenda Sutton Rose|My mother’s dress bears the stains of her life:blueberries, blood, bleach, and breast milk;She cradles in her arms a lifetime of love and sorrow;Its brilliance nearly blinds me.
Nikki Rowe|You are here, alive and awake and for whatever reasons you have fought your battles, it's time to start focusing on what strengths pulled you up when the entire world had knocked you down. That's where the virtue in self grows.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Transformations are a part of life. We are constantly being changed by things changing around us. Nobody can control that. Nobody can control the environment, the economy, luck, or the moods of others. Compositions change. Positions change. Dispositions change. Experiences change. Opportunities and attitudes change. You will change.
Nurudeen Ushawu|Be soft, don't let the world make you hard. Be gentle, don't let the people make you difficult. Be kind, don't let the realities of life steal your sweetness and make you heartless.
Tanya Masse|You should base everything on what you see with your own eyes, hear with your own ears and feel with your own heart. Period. Always believe what you KNOW about a person, not what you HEAR.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Parenting: Mindful Living Course for Parents|Because the parenting IS the most difficult job in the world! Our children need our Love, but also our support within this amazing matrix of choices. They need us to guide them towards Healthy Foods, Healthy Habits, Inspiring Activities, Life Enriching Friends, etc.’Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids body mind soul
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you press grapes, wine will pour out; if you crush roses, perfume will pour out; if you afflict the talented, genius will pour out.
Jayson Engay|Don't complain if your're facing hard moments in life. Challenge yourself to face it, challenge yourself to beat it.
Jayson Engay|Learn to accept things, learn to understand things that they're happening because it's for our own good. No matter what happen, just always remember that "If that thing didn't happen, I wouldn't be what I am now.
Vladimir Nabokov|Listen—I want to run all my life, screaming at the top of my lungs. Let all of life be an unfettered howl. Like the crowd greeting the gladiator. Don’t stop to think, don’t interrupt the scream, exhale, release life’s rapture. Everything is blooming. Everything is flying. Everything is screaming, choking on its screams. Laughter. Running. Let-down hair. That is all there is to life.
-Joseph Jiyun Yang|Don't expect a good life, just expect to be good in life." -Joseph Jiyun Yang
Tarang Sinha|It's difficult to carry the weight of responsibilities. But, it's more difficult to carry the weight of expectations.
Dan Brown, Origin|Remember death. Even for those who wield great power, life is brief. There is only one way to triumph over death, and that is by making our lives masterpieces. We must seize every opportunity to show kindness and to love fully.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|Be cheerful ten times as much as you complain. Communicate and listen more than you are silent with others. In other words, put on a happy face and be positive in your life. You only have one life to live.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|I helped bring cheerfulness to a city, valued a long term local job, prepared for that disaster, was that extra dad, wrote songs of hopeful music, and searched for the truth but the most important thing was knowing you were not alone on the journey.
Nuruddin Ushawu|Many people will fight you, not because you are wrong, but because you are different.
Matshona Dhliwayo|No matter how ugly a fruit is, worms will seek it out.
Kasie West, Lucky in Love|We make our own luck. I believed that, too. We chose our own fate. We controlled our own future. I knew what I wanted. I needed to go get it.
Frederick Vanderbuilt|On a writer’s path there are always some level of pain and solitude, life and death, love and hate, longing and fullness of soul, romance and separation, contemplation and adventure. And each one of them is constantly walking side by side in my lifetime. Always reachable by a thought.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Worry about today, tomorrow will take care of itself.
Rajasaraswathii, A Diary to win|A fearless mind is fearless because, it cannot see anything different from it. Fear of superiority and power comes only when we begin to differentiate.
Rajasaraswathii, A Diary to win|The universe is vast because, it has accepted everything. Every entity is supplement to the other.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If there are many thorns in your life, it is because you are a rose.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When people smile at a rich man, they are smiling at his wallet.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The say money talks, but I've seen it sing, and even seen it dance.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When fortune favors fools, it is to punish them for the sake of the wise.
Swati Kumar, The Great Indian Dilemma|Life will sometimes, test your emotions.
Swati Kumar, The Great Indian Dilemma|In spite of minor hassles, life was good.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be slow to teach, and quick to learn. Avoid impious people, run from fools, and seek out the wise.
Matshona Dhliwayo|People can hurt you, but you must still love. People can betray you, but you can still trust. People can put you down, but you must still rise. People can oppose you, but you can still prevail.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a man could outpace his shadow, he would still find it waiting for him at the finishing line.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you wrestle with life, your heart inevitably becomes a warrior; when you wrestle with death, your soul inevitably becomes a conqueror.
Lily Amis, Birdy & Fishy, Destination: Freedom|As seasons change, life changes!
Avijeet Das|People keep asking astrologers for their destinies. Ironically, it is the people themselves who are the creators of their own destinies.
Avijeet Das|We keep searching for things all our life, yet seldom do we notice them!
Sher E Yazdan|Life is too short.But there are alot of sorrows,
Matshona Dhliwayo|The first professor you meet in life is your mother; the second is hardship, and the last is death.
Oliver Markus Malloy, Bad Choices Make Good Stories|There is neither a Heaven nor a Hell. Life after Death is an oxymoron. Life is just another word for existence, and Death is just another word for non-existence.
Oliver Markus Malloy, Bad Choices Make Good Stories|There is neither a Heaven for a Hell. Life after Death is an oxymoron. Life is just another word for existence, and Death is just another word for non-existence.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|Beliefs are our foundation and our guiding compass, navigating us through life.
Hera Septyadita|Prepare yourself well, so you don't have to regret anything .
John Coffey, The Green Mile|I'm tired of being on the road, lonely as a sparrow in the rain. Tired of not ever having me a buddy to be with, or tell me where we're coming from or going to, or why. Mostly I'm tired of people being ugly to each other.
VIVAFREI|I have come to realize that a person’s relationship with their career is no different than their relationship with their spouse. You wake up together. You go to sleep together. You live together. It is possible to stay in a relationship that is based on convenience, financial security, or necessity, as opposed to genuine passion or love. But chances are that if the relationship is not built on genuine passion and love, it will have some difficulty at some point in time. Chances are it will fall apart at some point in time. And even if you manage to make it work, it just doesn’t feel good every day to wake up and go to sleep with someone or something you are simply not passionate about.The other thing I have come to realize is perhaps even more important. They say that people are afraid to fail. The proverbial “they”. I don’t know who “they” are, but they say it… People are afraid to fail. Or so it goes. But I disagree. People may think they are afraid to fail. But they are not afraid of failure per se. They are actually only afraid that other people will see that they have failed. They are afraid of what other will think of their failure. People will take incredible chances when there is no risk of others witnessing their failure. It’s why people dance and sing in the shower. It is the fear of what others will think of their failure that leads to constraints. Despair. Even suicide. In my career, I have seen multiple friends and clients give up, I am certain, out of a perceived shame of what they must have thought others were thinking of their failures... But it is an objective, outright, and utterly useless hindrance. A hindrance to success. There is nothing constructive about it. It is a reflex to overcome.... Flukes aside, success requires total dedication.
Nurudeen Ushawu|If every man could eat, thinking about another man, life would have been much easier.
litymunshi|absolute equality not possible . what is possible ,we can honour the qualities in each person .that would reduce this gap
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Seriously, people have never called or told me that I was an unproposed guy or the lame loader or the douchebag’s dude, but it was me who felt it safe and secure after I named to myself, wondering what negatives I would feel if people name it. Same thing happens with us everywhere in life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|I attended the University of Earth, and earned my P.H.D in life from the school of hardship.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If people notice you only when you do something very strange, then you are very lucky! You can enjoy your life without being noticed as long as you don’t do anything very strange!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Before you wear a crown of gold, life sometimes makes you wear a crown of thorns.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have never reached rock bottom, you have never attended the school of greatness.
Ahmed Mostafa|Life is a bitch; you get used though, or you kill yourself. Either way, you're winning.
Harrish Sairaman|If you can’t see a solution it does not mean it doesn’t exist, you are just blind to it
Carla Reighard, Travelers|I think you should live every moment like tomorrow is your last day, but you should also plan for the future like you will be living another hundred years.
Samiullah Khan Mohmand|Life is like a painting, seems smooth and glorious but you can see its dullness when you are near it.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|All definitions are the interpretations of contrasts. What is, helps define what it is not!
Matshona Dhliwayo|When reaching for the stars, beware of those who want to cut off your hands.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In poverty, friends are few; in prosperity, acquaintances are numerous; in affluence, associates are countless.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Story goes that he wanted many things from one women, and she wanted one thing from many men.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In life, those with heart certainly outdo those with ‘smart’.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|Nothing goes away. Not on its own. You deal with it, or it deals with you.
Todd Crawshaw, Exploits of the Satyr|Terrified, yes. But I run toward the fire now. Not away.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|There will always be a part of your life that’s not quite in order. This is the growth part, the area where lessons come from. Embrace this! Learn from it, and then move on.
Lost Soul|Somethimes you just have to take time to get to know yourself.Be alone.Eat alone,take yourself out,sleep alone.In the midst of this you will learn much about yourself.You will grow,figure out what inspires you,what you like and enjoy at.And when you find your true verison of yourself you will be free and secure in yourself,all you need to do is take some time just for you.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|Abundance is, but a matter of perception. For here in these lands of plenty, there are more natural treasures than one can behold.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|All in our lives, we are busy engaged and struggling with the figures and stats of rent, bills and savings when we forget to count the days of our lives.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|While correcting others, a grammar nazi forgets that he is the prey of the life-error
Matshona Dhliwayo|When dealing with two faced people, it is difficult to know which face is uglier, the real one or the manufactured one.
-Daryavesh Rothmensch|Life!, is but only...A faint whisper!".
George Sander|There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
Ramana Pemmaraju|We only share our ignorance with others, infact only it IS capable and contagious for it breeds in unawareness, on the contrary Intelligence belongs to an individual's territory, for his very functioning is 'other worldly' and he stands out from the mediocre crowd. What are YOU!
Abby Rosmarin, No One Reads Poetry: A Collection of Poems|If I believe, truly believe our soulsare meant to cross paths, in each andevery life, traversing millennia and repeatingthis sweet interaction time and time againThen what is one lifetimewhere those interactions arecut short- For the Departed
Sasha Martin, Life from Scratch: A Memoir of Food, Family, and Forgiveness|Everything depends on the moment the spice hits the pan: whether it sizzles with mouthwatering fragrance or turns to ash. Once, I thought happiness was the sizzle in the pan. But it’s not. Happiness is the spice – that fragile speck, beholden to the heat, always and forever tempered by our environment.
SANDEEP|There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved
RJ Blizzard|We are all walking a thin line between the sacred and the ordinary. The two are never far from each other, and sometimes they are the same
AnkitMishra|Don’t just make your life a documentary of compromised relationships rather live notorious, fearless and scandalous life to be part of others biographies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A tree dances for the wind not because it enjoys it, but because it doesn’t want to break.
Kevin Leman, The Firstborn Advantage: Making Your Birth Order Work for You|You can be a genius, but you won't get far in life without balance.
Malebo Sephodi|And It was said to me: "embrace the glorious mess you are". How easy it is to see darkness in the winter shedding and not see that even in its gloominess lies great beauty. That even in our great struggles - lies within a great victory. How then does the Spring green come about without the fertilisation of the Winter brown? Isn't it the very brown that gives way and life to the green we await to goggle in awe. There is power and sheer beauty in your mess. A true triumphing chaos that renders sweet melodic honey to your journey. So again it was whispered to me "embrace the glorious mess that you are
Avijeet Das|Struggles make us a man or a woman! Stay raw, work hard and party harder!
Harsh Agrawal, Affiliate Marketing For Dummies by ShoutMeLoud: Shortcut to unexplored digital monetization technique.|Everything is created twice. Once in your mind, then in your life!
Avijeet Das|The thunder howled and the rain splashed, the leaves played with the breeze and the lightning flashed, and the tigress growled at last. She looked here and she looked there, she hadn't seen so much rain anywhere, a desire suddenly came in her heart, a mad longing that had to start, she felt deep love in the rain, looking at her cubs all over againBut two years ago she had been wounded, By cowardly men who wanted her grounded, They were afraid of her power, they wanted to capture her and to enslave her in their tower They laid traps and they waited in the trees, The jungle was full of birds and the bees, The tigress was out hunting for meat, her cubs awaiting in the cave for their treatThere was something missing in the air, the fragrance of jasmine was not there, The tigress looked up into the trees and saw the men's faces painted in grease, She challenged them looking into their eyes, And saw fear, fright , and faces full of lies! She roared with all her might, This was her land, She had all the right!The cowardly men crouching behind the trees, Fired their guns in twos and threes, The brave Tigress looked them in the eye, She was the fire and she was the sky, Indomitable force, invincible power, She was the Tigress, The Queen in her EmpireNone of the bullets could break her Spirit,Only one could graze her right leg a bit, She roared with all her heart's might, For she was the Queen for all to sight! The guns emptied and no more bullets to shoot, The cowardly men jumped from the trees and ran away in two hoots! The Tigress laughed and loudly roared,For she was the power and her Spirit soaredShe is the Tigress inside every Woman, She has the Power to defeat any Man,Love her and she would love you back,Respect her and she would respect you back,Dare to harm her and she would defeat you till the Last!
Pete Hamill, North River|One thing I learned in this world? Things don't last. People say they do. They don't. Your friends, they die. The wars go on and on and on, then they end. People say they will love each other for the rest of their lives, and they don't.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|Things is very primitive in the jungle - no place to shit, sleep on the ground like an animal, eat out of cans, no place to take a bath or nothing, clothes is all rotting off.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When the heart is beautiful, its light shines though the eyes, vocal tones and actions of its owner.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Genius is in you, but like a seed, you determine whether it dies or grows.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|We fear things because we value them. We fear losing people because we love them. We fear dying because we value being alive. Don't wish you didn't fear anything. All that would mean is that you didn't feel anything." - Julian Blackthorn
Matshona Dhliwayo|Stand alone when it is to your benefit, with others when it is to your advantage, and with everyone when it is to your empowerment.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|a question is embarrassing for a moment, but not asking is embarrassing for a lifetime
Gift Gugu Mona|Life comes once, live wisely.
Andrija Jonić|A true ruler does not rule others, he rules himself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Jealousy stings, envy poisons, anger harms, and hate murders.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Behind you, leave your enemies. Beside you, keep your family. Around you, maintain your friends. Within you, cherish God.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|In life, growth is imminent. And, growth without change, is unthinkable. And, to make the unthinkable thinkable, new roads need to be carved out by way of old ones. The old stands tall and firm and befriends the new to fall into place, with refined maturity and greater understanding and cultured admiration. It's simply pure Magic.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Water is soft, but can maneuver any obstacle; be shrewd, and be gentle, and you too will be able to do likewise.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Leave beauty marks in the lives of those you meet, not scars.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Behind you, leave your enemies. Beside you, keep your family. Around you, maintain your friends. Within you, treasure God.
Najwa Zebian, Mind Platter|If they don't appreciate your presence, they may never recognize your absence.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower takes a while to grow, but can die in an instant; this is how it is with trust.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|The fires of refinement will shine the light of Christ into the dark places of our hearts, burn off the chaff, and restore us to a state of greater purity.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Though the fire and water tried to overtake me, I have come out to a place of great abundance. I know that the fires of refinement, although hard, dark, and difficult, brought me to a better and richer place in God.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Drama don't arrive by surprise; it is summoned, undisguised.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Abiding does not mean sitting idly by. It means resting in the work, resting in the moment, resting in the truth, resting in the confidence that God is your provision.
Aditi Dufare, The Mysterious Night|People love to do such things, attempting to degrade other individuals for their mistakes to fulfill their inner will in order to feel more noteworthy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If death blew a trumpet each time he was coming, there would be no one to greet him on arrival.
Eileen Anglin|We can be the light, the lantern, the morning star in someone's life. Living as best we can with a kind and forgiving heart. Taking compassionate action. Taking the time to smile or to help someone or an animal in need can make all the difference.Living with personal integrity. Not being perfect, but doing the best we can to live our lives in such a way that guides others is more powerful than any words you could speak or write.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to lead a pleasant life, be good to yourself; if you want to lead a happy life, be good to others; and if you want to lead an exceptional life, be good to everyone.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Charity is fortune, avarice is poverty, peace is treasure, and happiness is wealth.
Anonymous|Life is a mirror, smile at it:-)
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Let's do everything that we can, and let the good Lord do everything else that we can't.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|I'm not made to fit into the society's definition of me. I've got freedom to define myself. You too, if you know!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Let them judge you, but remain virtuous.Let them criticize you, but remain wise.Let them misunderstand you, but remain kind. Let them hate you, but remain exceptional.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The wise are like a sprouting seed; they go forward and upward, never backward or downward.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is wise to buy acquaintances, but foolish to buy friends.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Life has me trapped in a cocoon of earth where I must grow and change until the day I sprout wings. And on that day I shall burst free, no longer marooned on a pebble of dust in a universe that only waits for me to find a means to fly.
Boniface Sagini, Thrills and Chills: Trudging Through Life|Pain changes people for better or for worse. It can change a fledging, naive person to a strong, courageous person or on the other end of the spectrum, sadly however, a devout and pious Christian to a smoking meathead.
Boniface Sagini, Thrills and Chills: Trudging Through Life|Take life a little more gladly,  Every disappointment a little more lightly, Every heartache a little more positively, And you have a little more days to live.
Boniface Sagini|We want instant lunch, instant cure, instant miracles, instant salary, instant success— instant everything. This instant civilization, we have obsessed with, has made us grow a tad too impatient in virtually everything about life. And, of course, that doesn’t serve us so well.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower does not bloom for itself, but for the world; do likewise.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your feet may be small, but travel much. Your hands may be little, but conquer much. Your eyes may be tiny, but perceive much. Your ears may be modest, but heed much.
Boniface Sagini, Thrills and Chills: Trudging Through Life|And sometimes I do freak out. Sometimes I get offended. I feel anxious, but it’s okay, because it usually goes away.
Mlungisi Simelane|By what you allow to occupy your mind and mouth, you can either bless your life to great heights of success or send it orbiting into realms of failure, sadness, and discontentment.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The wise are like a river; they go forward and upward, never backward or downward.
Nurudeen Ushawu|More than being human, we need peace and love.More than being strong and capable, we need compassion.More than being clever, we need kindness and gentleness.But where are all these sense of humanity?Where is the love that we have for human life and nature?Where is the peace that we once had?What about our dreams, dream of a better world?Little children are crying, am beginning to feel guilty.Where is that sense of brotherhood?Where is the compassion?What about our faith, have we lost trust in God?
Matshona Dhliwayo|When bitter, say little; when angry, say nothing; when happy, say much; when joyful, say all.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you look to money for happiness, you will be disappointed; to power, you will be disillusioned; to honor, you will be dissatisfied; to others, you will be disenchanted; but if you look to God, you will be fulfilled.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A rose would be miserable if it was forced to be a daisy, no matter how much water it was fed.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Not every day is awful.Not every day is good.Despite the way the hours passI’m living like I should.Not every day is all wrong.Not every day is right.At least I’m not a spider trying to scamper out of sight.Not every day is ideal.Not every day is bad.At any rate I have my senseseven if they’re mad.Not every day is happy.Not every day is glum.When sadness drags me in the dumpsA simple tune I hum.Not every day I smile.Not every day I frown.With effort, I can take a scowland turn it upside down.Not every day is crazy.Not every day is sane.If consequence nips at my heelsI don’t pass on the blame.Not every day is giddy.Not every day is blah.Yet I can still appreciatea giggle and guffaw.Not every day is timid.Not every day is proud.I may not be a dragonbut I roar about as loud.Not every day has rainbows.Not every day has rain.Despite the fact I’m stiff and sore,I’m not in chronic pain.On every day the sun shines,so every night I praythat I might see the morning lightand live another day.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|A sunrise is a wondrous marvel, but in reality the sun never rises. It is the earth that rotates to face the sun. Life too can be a wondrous marvel, but like the earth, we must turn our eyes toward brighter things.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Life is a test. Without problems to solve, it wouldn’t be much of a test.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Many of us draw lines which we intend never to cross. But life tests our resolve, mercilessly at times, and a foot budges, nudged past that thinly-drawn line. So we draw another, resolving never to cross this one. Days grow dark and fog creeps in to blind our view, clouding the reason for the line’s existence from our minds. We draw another mark, ashamed that the last was crossed with less coaxing than we imagined it would require. Shadows and doubts give further need to draw a new line, and then another and another. Lines, I think, are too slim and obscure to be dependable deterrents for behavior. Too often, too easily, people stumble into places they later regret entering. What, then, keeps some individuals from crossing those narrow lines?It is the power of values. For if a person possessing values were to step one foot outside their line, they would be forced to release hands with those inflexible values and consciously abandon them. But their values are persuasive, keeping a tight grip, warding off the luring temptations beckoning one to test the line. Thus values maintained keep a person safely away from areas they dare not travel, steering a life between the lines, enhancing willpower and shaping mighty strength of character.
Harrish Sairaman|If you follow, Practice and Live ‘Ownership’, you have arrived in Life!
Matshona Dhliwayo|You cannot fast-forward time, you cannot rewind it, and you cannot pause it; you can only waste or benefit from it.
Avijeet Das|The so called beautiful people, especially the ones who are obsessed with their looks, bore me. They just have this superficiality in all things that they do or want to accomplice in life. It is like they want to look 'beautiful' all the time but not 'be beautiful' from within. I like depth. People who go deep into the way of things and the meaning of life. People who may not look beautiful but are truly beautiful!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowing what to say is sense, when to say it is intelligence, how to say it is wisdom, why and how to say it is enlightenment.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Talent is like a little seed; when nurtured, it will flourish.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Esteem intelligence, cherish knowledge, and value understanding, but trust wisdom.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Skill gives you legs to jog, talent gives you legs to run, brilliance gives you legs to sprint, but genius gives you wings to fly.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A rose, no matter how beautiful, still has to contend with thorns.
Dembe Michael|Do something completely unrelated to your goals, and feel good about it. We all need rest, recreation, and a reminder that there is more to life than pursuing our goals.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be humble as you learn, confident as you teach, and modest when you have mastered both.
Dembe Michael|When we are confronted by fear and frustration, it’s easy to forget what we’re fighting for. It’s easy to let the importance of our dream dwindle away, and hope that maybe “someday” we’ll have the determination to make it happen.
Dembe Michael|Don’t let your dream die! Keep it sharp and clear in your own mind. Honor it and vow to keep moving toward it, no matter what it takes.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are angry for one second, it leaves you with only fifty-nine seconds of happiness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The soul is a great magician; transforming thoughts into reality, desires into actions, and life into experiences.
Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity|Life is not judged just by the heart beats, but by the way you accept and overcome the challenges of life.
Anoop Raghav|A Maximus, the Gladiator lies in every human being. When the time comes, your Maximus within you will come out. It is not called destiny, it is an extended automatic self reflex
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Make every moment last forever, because nothing else does.
Avijeet Das|Flowers too wither and fall,but they inspire one and all!
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|This is our story to tell. He says it in his Ten Commandments way and it hits me that way: profoundly. You'd think for all the reading I do, I would have thought about this before, but I haven't. I've never once thought about the interpretative, the storytelling aspect of life, of my life. I always feel like I was in a story, yes, but not like I was the author of it, or like I had any say in ita telling whatsoever.You can tell your story any way you damn well please.It's your solo.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the world gives you a thousand reasons to cry, find a thousand and one reasons to smile.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A bird that sings too much will only lose its voice, but a bird that does not sing at all will lose its symphonies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sun is never denied the light it gives; likewise, you are never denied the kindness you bestow.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Don’t mourn over the past; it has no pity for you. Don’t cry over the present, it has no sympathy for you, and I don’t weep the future, it has no mercy on you.
Avijeet Das|A writer of any merit does not worry about being accepted everywhere. He must write to inspire, to change for the better or to challenge the status quo!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your mind has the intellect to lift the world,your heart has the wisdom to better the world, and your soul has the genius to elevate the world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are no greater than the friends you keep, the books you read, the heroes you admire, and the obstacles you overcome.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|If someone isn't what others want them to be, the other become angry.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Don’t be afraid of being alone; remember, when the sun rises, it rises with nobody at its side.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Turn your failures into lessons, your obstacles into opportunities, your tragedies into triumphs, and in no time you will turn your dreams into reality.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower does not diminish in beauty, no matter how many weeds envy it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom has a hundred eyes to see opportunities, courage has a hundred feet to seek opportunities, and strength has a hundred arms to seize opportunities.
Thabiso Monkoe, The Azanian|Rather be a thin dog free,  than to be a fat one chained
Anthony P. Mauro, Sr.|The human body is much, much more than the sum of its parts, the difference being the human spirit.
Avijeet Das|Sometimes all you need to do is just hold on to yourself! Look at the stars in the sky, listen to the sweet murmurings of the breeze, inhale the fragrance of the night, and you will feel fine!
Avijeet Das|Love is a strange feeling indeed, a feeling that every person must experience at least once in his or her life. A feeling that makes us feel one with God!
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are a product of your mind, a result of your thoughts, and a consequence of your actions.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be wise enough to learn from the past, shrewd enough to capitalize on the present, and clever enough to prepare for the future.
Kruthika Swaminathan|Not everyone is running the same race,sometimes you gotta chosesometimes you gotta loseNot everyone is running at the same pace,sometimes you gotta look backsometimes you gotta wait for them on the trackNot everyone is looking for the same place,sometimes you gotta run fastsometimes you just gotta walk pastIt's like the cars on the freeway,they follow the red green rulesbut they are always on the moveLife is this and much more!though you keep running till you reach the heavenly doorafter all, it is all about the journey and the destination you adore!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Time is your acquaintance, life is your friend, death is your enemy, and existence is your soulmate.
Alin Sav|There are so many ways to change the world, and every single one starts with you.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If you suffer lingering doubts; if the consolation you cling to is ‘it will probably be okay,’ then run the other way because what you’re contemplating is not a good choice.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|To be a rainbow in someone’s cloud is commendable, but I prefer to be the rain because it dampens cheeks and washes away tears.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You’re destined for greatness,” Life said. “But first, I’m going to make you cry.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Don’t judge a tree by its size, but by its fruit.
Alin Sav|I live locally, I eat regionally but I think internationally.
litymunshi|until one face the worst ,do not get test the best.other way having best already ,may have different worse flow in life. we never get to know truth
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|There are no free tickets in life, there is always some cost in one form or another.
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|Life is all about balance, without which the seeds of chaos grow.
Mike Bunye|If the air we breathe is life to us, blessing us is life to God.
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|Life is an open book, with the potential to become whatever can be comprehended.
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|There are no free passes in life, outcomes will always mirror the input.
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|Life wasn't meant to be a trial, it was intended to be a wondrous joy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you think too much, you will worry too much; if you worry too much, you will fear too much; if you fear too much, you will dread too much; and if you dread too much, you will suffer too much.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|Everyone was always becoming someone else.Sometimes, when you were older, you became someone younger. And me, I felt old. How can aguy who’s about to turn seventeen feel old?
Matshona Dhliwayo|If an opportunity comes dressed in trouble’s apparel, do not scorn it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from acquaintances, and you are clever; from friends, and you are intelligent; from enemies, and you are shrewd; but learn from all, and you are wise.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In a crowd do not lose your individuality, and in your individuality do not lose the crowd.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your mind shines brightest when you enlighten others; your heart, when you encourage others; your soul, when you elevate others; and your life, when you empower others.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A rose started off a bud, a bird started off an egg, and a forest started off a seed.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You may be poor, but important; uneducated, but wise; lowly, but noble; simple, but insightful; and ordinary, but great.
Matshona Dhliwayo|At ten, you are foolish. At twenty, you are naive. At thirty, you are alert. At forty, you are experienced. At fifty, you are wise.
Virginia Woolf, The Diary of Virginia Woolf, Volume Three: 1925-1930|The immense success of our life, is I think, that our treasure is hid away; or rather in such common things that nothing can touch it.
Deepak Madhu Nair|It's not about being educated, it's about being civilised.
Gary Edward Gedall|Yesterday I bought myself a new, very sharp kitchen knife.And I managed to cut my finger within 5 minutes of getting home!Those plastic packages are bloody dangerous!!!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from a river; obstacles may force it to change its course, but never its destination.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Who is a magician? The one who says, "I bring nonliving people to life.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|College life is different, entirely different like you don't have to get ready and wear that red and crisp blue school uniform and look alike every day. Free to define ourselves with statement attire. Good thing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|One who is not afraid to die lives, and one who is afraid to live dies.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|They may not know each other to say it, but it was never hidden. How much ever they hated each other, fate ties them together.
New International Version Bible|For he says, "In the time of my favor I heard you, and in the day of salvation I helped you." I tell you, now is the time of God's favor, now is the day of salvation. 2 Corinthians 6:2
Matshona Dhliwayo|If birds did not believe in their ability to fly, the sky would be empty.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you live in the desert, view the sun not as your enemy, but as your friend. If you live in the wilderness, view nature not as your adversary, but as your companion.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the sky had no tears, the world would have no rainbows.
Nicole  Lyons, Hush|I have never seen battles quite as terrifyingly beautiful as the ones I fight when my mind splinters and races, to swallow me into my own madness, again.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Water your dreams with fear, and they will wilt; with doubt, and they will wither; with hope, and they will grow; with faith, and they will flourish.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A bird will only fall from the sky when it stops believing in its ability to fly, and a fish will only drown in water when it stops believing in its ability to swim.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Worry makes you weaker, regret makes you sadder, hate makes you angrier, but hope makes you stronger, and love makes you happier.
Sue Ward Drake, Hear No Evil|Be positive. Believe that you will succeed. See it, go for it. No matter what the odds, most of the battle is inside your own head. -- Bob Mayer
Matshona Dhliwayo|They know your face, but not your mind.They understand your words, but not your heart.They hear your name, but not your soul.They grasp your past, but not your future.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are one thought away from intelligence, one word away from kindness, one deed away from excellence, one step away from brilliance, and one second away from transcendence.
Sushant Singh|Be yourself, DO NOT ACT.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Some day, with the last exhaustion, peace will come. It won't be the end of all things to come.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Never Beg SOMEONE to be in your life, You just have to believe that, You're worth more than you think
Matshona Dhliwayo|No matter how deep you bury good seeds, they always find a way to rise.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Some day, with the last exhaustion, peace will come. It won't be the end of all things to comeEach thing is of like form from everlasting and comes round again in its cycle. Any day stands equal to the rest...will see; not all of the time your on that cycle..you better watch yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The weak dread the storm, the foolish invite the storm, the wise avoid the storm,the strong battle the storm, and the great overcome the storm.
Matshona Dhliwayo|What you think is a seed, what you say is the bud, and what you do is the fruit.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Sometimes the things that destroy you, become the architectural blueprints which make your mind royal.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|If you can dance like raindrops, there will always be sunshine.
Mensah Oteh|If you can’t find a few minutes every day for yourself, you don’t have a complete life.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|When the doors begin to close, the mind begins to open.
Meredith T. Taylor, Churning Waters (The Churning Waters Saga)|My life had become a puzzle - its pieces scattered about like paper in the wind, with no one there to chase them but me.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|The deeper magic always comes, in the intense sorcery of your inner silence.
Mensah Oteh|When choosing your relationships, be guided by your life’s purpose, your vision and your dreams.
Mensah Oteh|Don’t try to get even with those who wrong you, get ahead.
litymunshi|my dearin an idea, by an idea, living through in idea, we are our own prisoners .
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are waiting for the perfect spouse, you are waiting for the perfect disappointment.
litymunshi|dear me i think i can run miles after miles through my mind by imaginary flyover ,gather all together to write down on my notebook.
Curtis Tyrone Jones, Giants At Play: Finding Wisdom, Courage, And Acceptance To Encounter Your Destiny|Be patient with those who can't see your vision, because sometimes it takes time for eyes to adjust to the light.
litymunshi|dear mewhich one ? Ship or Boat ? on a boat -it's keel me and you . little to collect so we meet each other now & then . little to loss ,at time of depart other than most valuable both of us .Ship ? it's complicated .conversation with my life-----------------------------------litymunshi
Micheline Jean Louis|We are filled vessels that gets to choose what we pour back into the world, and what we choose to share defines who we are.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|It's beneficial to have a reputation for honesty, if only so that one can lie at crucial moments.
Eraldo Banovac|Older people sometimes talk about the good old days when life was better. In fact, they talk nostalgically about their own youth that was irretrievably gone. The past century has made enormous progress in all fields. The standard of living, work environment, health care quality and mobility, and the availability of cultural programs, recreational activities and information – all that clearly speaks in favor of nowadays.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Three kinds of people achieve illumination: those who learn, those who teach, and those who do both continuously.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Stir the world with your skills, shake the world with your talents, move the world with your brilliance, change the world with your genius.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Start with yourself, strive for continuous improvement, perfection doesn't happen right away
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Don't allow a negative experience effect your day for the worse. We may not have the power to control everything that happens to us, but we DO have a choice on how we react to it.
litymunshi|dream . larger than in sleep.dream ,if its helps you to growdream ,if you opened up to lifedream if you recognise another you inside your mind and heart my dear , don't let this go .dream, for everything ,you know this comes to you asking you that you can again
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge gives you the world, intelligence gives you the sky, understanding gives you the stars, but wisdom gives you the universe.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|It's beneficial to have a reputation for honesty, if only so that one could lie at crucial moments.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In helping yourself, you prove you are strong; in helping others, you prove you are compassionate; in helping many, you prove you are generous; if helping everyone, you prove you are enlightened.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you can stay positive in bad situations, you are strong; if you can stay optimistic in hopeless situations, you are mighty; if you can stay hopeful in impossible situations, you are great.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Yesterday says, “Forget me, but learn from me.” Today says, “Embrace me, yet utilize me.”Tomorrow says, “Anticipate me, then prepare for me.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Life is short, death is long, days are narrow, and years are wide.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If roses tried to be sunflowers, they would lose their beauty; and if sunflowers tried to be roses, they would lose their strength.
Eraldo Banovac|Human nature is so complicated. Those who have little, want a lot. Those who have a lot, think others have more. Those who lose, blame others for the loss.
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|I talk about writing and write so much because aside from music, it’s the only thing giving me peace and reason and purpose. Everyone is looking for answers but I don’t have them and I’m not the answer, but I feel like if I could see the face of God, I’d be better, healed—absolved. I feel like a bastard and like I’m pushing a Ponzi scheme every time someone comes to me for guidance and I push them to the “right” path when I’m just as lost as they are. And it makes me feel like shit every time someone wants to look up to me, or when people call me strong or brave or amazing or want to tell me how “great” I am. And then, the next moment, I’m fine, until the next tide of emotion comes again. I’m just a person who’s had a lot of time to think—a flawed and fucked-up person.
Jessica Fechtor, Stir: My Broken Brain and the Meals That Brought Me Home|To trust in your own aliveness, in your own ability to sustain and be sustained - there are times when there is no greater act of defiance.
Eraldo Banovac|Concerning mistakes, follow three simple rules. Firstly, correct a mistake that you made whenever it is possible. Secondly, don't repeat the same mistakes. Thirdly, learn from past mistakes.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Those who laugh with you when you laugh are acquaintances, those who cry with you when you cry are companions, and those who do both are friends.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want little, give little; if you want much, give much; if you want all, give all.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you can stay positive in bad situations, you are strong; if you can stay positive in hopeless situations, you are mighty; if you can stay positive in impossible situations, you are great.
Izey Victoria Odiase|I love my story. Sure it's been difficult, but it's the story that got me here, the reason I am who I am.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A lion is not afraid of walking alone, even if the whole jungle is pursuing it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If bees only gathered nectar from perfect flowers, they wouldn’t be able to make even a single drop of honey.
Eraldo Banovac|Do you want to resolve a conflict successfully? Don't wait, start a conversation.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Water drops erode mountains not because of their size, but their persistence.
Eraldo Banovac|Sometimes people think the old days were better than today. Even though life was simpler and slower, it was not necessarily easier.
Eraldo Banovac|In real life, the truth is a rarity, while lies are common place.
Byron Sogie-Thomas, Razor Bumps and Stretch Marks|Not every Gym Rat will become MVP, but every MVP is a gym rat.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn, only to live. Live, only to learn.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the tranquillity is killing you, seek for the storm to save your life!
Matshona Dhliwayo|You can paint the whole sky black, but that won’t keep stars from shinning.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your greatest wish is to be happy, you are clever; if it is to make others happy, you are virtuous; but if it is to make yourself and others happy, you are wise.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sun is intelligent because it never rises too early, and wise because it never sets too late.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If there is wisdom in your mind, prove it; joy in your heart, share it; love in your soul, show it; good in your life, impart it.
Kamand Kojouri|If on any given day you don't cry from rejoicing in the beauty of the world, then you have not lived that day.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The early bird gets the worm, and the early fox gets the bird.
kundhan karunakar|More than Gyms, we need centers where we can exercise how to be grateful for things we have & we got, which will add life to our life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A lion is born knowing how to hunt, but has to learn how to hunt well.
Lynne Gordon-Mundel|The doorway to health, higher intelligence and inexhaustible creativity lies in your willingness to live from Source. Risk being who you are meant to be; you are more compassionate, colorful, imaginative, visionary, more sensitive than you think.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you pour more water into a river, it will not drown the fish.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you try to cultivate your talents in someone else’s shadow, they might wilt.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Faith moves mountains, intelligence goes over them, wisdom goes around them, but love levels them.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|There are trials in life that feel as tremendous as a quest to slay dragons. These trials are daunting. They require hard work, determination, and courage. But when the dragon is finally slain, the relief is immense.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I know you would like to blame the world, but the fact is that life is an 'up to you' thing.
Amy Patrick, Hidden Deep|We don't have all the answers. A few months ago, that would have driven me crazy. Now I know sometimes you have to just take life for what it is instead of worrying about what might happen.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|A man is a slave of everything he does. Some things get rid off easily, some things doesn't.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The world is full of angels; if you can’t find one, be one.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are better than your past, greater than your present, and brighter than your future.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be merry, because it confuses your enemies; happy, because it annoys them; cheerful, because it angers them; and joyful, because it kills them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greatest universe is not somewhere out there, but inside of yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your clock cannot buy you more time, your bed cannot get you more sleep, your titles cannot acquire you more influence, your fame cannot gain you more honor, and your money cannot earn you more happiness.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|When people ask me about the definition of a copywriter, I say, "If I become a good copywriter, I will have the ability to bring nonliving people to life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have the power to think, you have the power to change your world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If birds sing without worrying about who is listening to them, and monkeys dance without worrying about who is watching them, and hyenas laugh without worrying about who is mocking them, then you too must do what you do best without worrying about who is ridiculing you.
Jessica Hagy, How to Be Interesting: An Instruction Manual|Maybe your past isn't perfect. Maybe it was brutal. Maybe you were brutal. Maybe you've got more scars than you thought one skin could hold. You can't linger on those thoughts. You will drown in them. After all, it's only an interesting backstory if you can get past it.
Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life|You will not get chances all the time, so don't miss any chance if you feel that it can hold you at the right place that you deserve.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower blooming in the desert proves to the world that adversity, no matter how great, can be overcome.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When life is sweet, be thankful, and rejoice; but when bitter, be strong, and persevere.
Hideaki Sorachi|Manga endings might always be the same. However when it comes to real life, neither you nor I are readers. We are the writers. We can change the ending.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As paint needs a canvass for its beauty to show, stars need darkness for their splendor to shine.
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|It’s a strange feeling when you realise that you have become a passive bystander, watching the quirks of your own fate with an icy indifference.
Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life|If its clear that you are doing right thing, just go ahead. But answer yourself first before doing something.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Listen to all, believe few, count on some, but trust none.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A good strategy of life is obvious: When the right path is found, it must be walked no matter how hard it is and the precious target this path destined to must be arrived at by defeating every difficulty encountered!
Matshona Dhliwayo|In my youth I had three teachers: friends, enemies, and books. In my adulthood I had three professors: God, nature, and life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The poorest man you can marry is not the one who lacks money, but the one who lacks character.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is in vain to chase two birds at the same time, even if you have a thousand legs.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you stop tending to flowers when they lose a few petals, you will never grow a garden.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The world sees you for what you are, but the universe sees you for what you can be.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When a storm shows up, always remind yourself a rainbow is hiding behind it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want your inner light to shine brighter, illuminate someone else’s.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge is the path, understanding is the way, wisdom is the highway, and enlightenment is the destination.
Robin Sacredfire|Life is supposed to be fast, not slow. Spirits fly when worms are crawling; birds sing when the dead are moaning.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Let go of the past, even if it offers you Heaven; embrace the future, even if it offers you Hell.
Daisy Cook|reading is like life, it can take u on one WILD ride
Sunday Adelaja|If you don’t believe in virtues and principles, then you are not building your life on anything.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A virtuous spouse adds years to your life, a wise one adds decades, but a loving one adds an eternity to your life.
Saad Shah|You can predict your future life, only predict not assure.
John M Sheehan|Put your interest in the future, because you're going to spend the rest of your life there and make sure in this future you will be found in the loving arms of Christ
Akash Paliwal|Stuck in thoughts , Thoughts are drenching me , Urging to quarrel within - to quench .
T.S. Wieland|I had a few people ask me if I might one day write my own autobiography. I just told them, 'It's already being written; through my books.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greatest lesson a tree can give you is to stand tall and proud, no matter how strong life’s winds blow against you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Dear past, I survived you. Dear present, I’m ready for you. Dear future, I’m coming for you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Skill follows the rules, talent breaks the rules, mastery shatters the rules, but genius makes its own rules.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have power, be just; wealth, be generous; knowledge, be wise; titles, be humble; and life, be grateful.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Thoughts can only hurt you with your permission, feelings can only wound you with your consent, experiences can only damage you with your authorization; life can only ruin you with your approval.
Compton Gage|If the clouds be full of rain, they empty themselves upon the earth: and if the tree falls toward the south, or toward the north, in the place where the tree falls, there it shall be.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If seeds waited for perfect conditions to grow, there would be no plants in the desert.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|In our most vulnerable hour, it is helpful to remember our creative power.
Sunday Adelaja|If we don’t live by God’s heartbeat, by what He has in His heart, then we are wasting our time and life
Matshona Dhliwayo|To avoid enemies, say nothing; to avoid critics, do nothing; to avoid haters, be nothing; but to avoid mediocrity, ignore all.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Opportunities, like roses, come with a beautiful fragrance, but also with thorns.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When perplexed, God appears to you in the form of wisdom; when troubled, in the form of peace; when sad, in the form of joy; when heartbroken, in the form of love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|One who thinks for himself is a threat to his enemies, a refuge to his acquaintances, a prize to his friends, and a gift to the world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As only dead leaves allow the wind to blow them to and fro, never allow yourself to be swayed by popular opinion.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Don’t climb a mountain to look down on people below, but to get a clearer view of the stars above.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sun does not rise abruptly, but perseveres until it rules the sky.
Nikki Rowe|If they criticise you before they cheer you on, they are not your people. Simple.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you were able to fall a hundred times as a child and rise, you are able to fall a thousand times as a grown up and soar.
Eraldo Banovac|Unfortunately, people who always tell the truth don't have many friends.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have a dream no one else can see, a reward awaits you that no one else can have.
Herman Melville|And the drawing near of Death, which alike levels all, alike impresses all with a last revelation, which only an author from the dead could adequately tell.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a lion invites you home for dinner, it is you he wants to serve as a meal to his guests.
Md Zakir Hossen|I dont know "how to cry " But I know it well what can make me cry.There is no love below or above of me but when I will die then all the loves will comes with rain and wind which things never make me alive. In the morning we feel bettar but in the evening our brain quarrelling with our body.
Adrián Lamo|The universe doesn't waste anything. Sometimes, we just don't have standing to see how events or experiences are important.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When life’s great storms come, the weak sink, the cowardly jump ship, the strong drop an anchor, the mighty adjust their sails, and the great sail on to their destiny.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The ignorant learn from none, the simple learn from some, the intelligent learn from many, but the enlightened learn from all.
Vicky Adin|History is about ordinary people living their ordinary lives, just as we do today, while all around the world is changing. It makes heroes out of some people and victims out of others.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have food on your table, clothes on your back, a roof on your head, and a dream in your heart, you have everything you need in life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you guide others out of the dark, you are a star, even if no one knows your name.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Ignorance is your opponent, fear is your enemy, vice is your adversary, virtue is your friend, and wisdom is your helper.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When life’s journey is wearisome, put on hope’s shoes.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Words let you know what is in someone’s mind, deeds let you know what is in someone’s heart, and character lets you know what is in someone’s soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To help yourself, help others; to help others, help yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your present thoughts do not lift you higher than your previous ones, rid yourself of them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is in vain to try and stop a star from rising, even with a ladder.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from the ocean; when it rises, it carries more than itself along with it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Seeds, not doubting their potential, rise and become forests.
Adhish Mazumder, Solemn Tales of Human Hearts|Welcome to the 21st century cosmopolitan world where biased thoughts preside over unbiased deeds, simple gestures become overrated gossip materials and injustice is a part of long term justice.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have a house but no home, you are homeless; knowledge but no wisdom, you are imprudent; acquaintances but no friends, you are lonely; money but no happiness, you are poor; and life but no joy, you are lifeless.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be happy when you work, thankful when you earn, cautious when you spend, shrewd when you save, and charitable when you give.
Adhish Mazumder|Before you work with me you must know that I am an atheist and I believe in neither supreme powers of any God or the trickery of the Devil, I am student of the criminal psychology and believe that behind every murder there is psychopath at work with some insidious agenda at play and motive unknown to human mind.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The less you want, the happier you are; the happier you are, the less you want.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you shake a tree, fruit must fall, no matter how reluctant it is.
Rajasaraswathii, Success-Talks : For Evolution of Your Success|You need a companion for your thought process, more than a physical relationship.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are a gift to the universe, but a package is only valuable if it allows itself to be unwrapped.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your strength lies in knowledge, your power lies in wisdom, your treasure lies in understanding, and your wealth lies in life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to shine, sit before a lamp; if you want to shine brighter, sit before a fire; but if you want to shine the brightest, sit before a sage.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to be strong, love yourself; if you want to be powerful, love others; if you want to be invincible, love everyone.
Val Uchendu|Life is a gift and every day is an opportunity to share your gift with others. Don’t be grateful, be fabulously grateful
Matshona Dhliwayo|Confuse them with your intelligence, baffle them with your excellence, bewilder them with your brilliance, and perplex them with your transcendence.
Val Uchendu|Every second, the dial of life counts down for everyone; whatever you do be sure it’s worth the time
Matshona Dhliwayo|To be ordinary, be normal; to be original, be different; to be valuable, be unique; to be priceless, be yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If Noah waited for signs of rain to build an ark, he would have been swept away by the flood.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Consort|But plants grow again," She murmured, focusing on the verdant beauty around her. "They put down new roots, create room for themselves in foreign soil.
Munia Khan|...and when we die we die alone I cry, I cry aloneLike a piece of stone I am thrown into the wavy ocean of lifeto atone...to atoneOnly to atone...
Matshona Dhliwayo|You don’t command wind in the direction it blows, but you command a ship in the direction it sails.
Sandeep Sahajpal|You should neither take life too lightly to lose control over it, nor too seriously to become absolutely inflexible. ‘Change’ is intrinsic to ‘life’; even rocks change over a prolonged period.
Jellis Vaes|Your scars are unique gems that contain opportunities for both personal growth and to help save the life of someone else. However, you can only realize these when you fully claim who you are. And to fully claim who you are also means recognizing, and taking ownership of the scars that come along with the rest of you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To be happy: the simple pursue pleasure, the common pursue riches, the uncommon pursue knowledge, and the exceptional pursue wisdom.
Min Kim|Judge a man by what he tried, not by what he accomplished.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|Sometimes it doesn't matter "what you're doing?", the thing only matter is "At least you're doing something than doing nothing
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|Modern formulaic society will try to make you "normal," rushing to call pseudoscientific anything you can do that they can’t.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you fail a thousand times, find a thousand and one ways to succeed.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To achieve success, ignore doubt; fame, ignore haters; greatness, ignore fear; and immortality, ignore hardship.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the road to your dreams is full of potholes, take the highway.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Snails do not despair for having short legs, but rejoice for being able to travel long distances in spite of them.
Kamand Kojouri|What is life? Life is living in this moment, experiencing and experimenting but experience isn’t life. Life is reflecting and meditating but reflection isn’t life. Life is helping and guiding but philanthropy isn’t life. Life is eating and drinking but food isn’t life. Life is reading and dancing but art isn’t life. Life is kissing and pleasuring but sex isn’t life. Life is winning and losing but competition isn’t life. Life is loving and caring but love isn’t life. Life is birthing and nurturing but children aren’t life. Life is letting go and surrendering but death isn’t life. Life is all these things but all these things aren’t life. Life is always more.
Kamand Kojouri|Life is a concept, like the “universe", that expands as soon as we reach what we think is its edge.
Kamand Kojouri|First, create your ego. Then destroy it. This is all of life.
Huntley Fitzpatrick, The Boy Most Likely To|Maybe thinking any one person can show up and give you all you need is as much of a delusion as thinking you can find truth in a bottle. Maybe you can just find what you need in little pieces, in people who show up for one crucial moment - or a whole chain of them - even if they cant solve it all.
Rudolf Jerome Ragay|Never judge a person how he died, but how he lived.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Happy is he who marries the woman he wants, happier is he who marries the woman he needs, and happiest is he who marries the woman he wants and needs.
Matshona Dhliwayo|No matter how tall and wide darkness is, it cannot block the stars.
Sandeep Sahajpal|We always say that the times change, but truly speaking, the time remains the same, it is we who occur along the timelines.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greater the fruit a trees bears, the greater the number of stones thrown at it.
Deborah Sandella|Life constantly challenges us; it’s not personal, just the natural process of growth and evolution.
Stephanie Ayers|Character is defined by what you do when no one is looking, but the visible can shatter any perfect impression.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|I don't have any special talents, just an ordinary desire to live like a human being.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Cheerfulness will help you draw strangers, cleverness will help gain acquaintances, faithfulness will help you keep companions, and kindness will help you multiply friends.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Make your wife happier, children wiser, yourself kinder, and you will make your life better.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Where the world only sees a seed, an optimist sees a tree.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You have little control over the world around you, but full control over the world within you.
Okizona|Life is what we make it , we were all born naked.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you tend to a flower, it will bloom, no matter how many weeds surround it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A warrior is defined by his scars, not his medals.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Cowards shrink from challenges, weaklings flee from them, and warriors wink at them.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|She was a wonderful teenage girl who had the miraculous power to cure herself from any wound, either physical or mental. With her own salty tears, she would cleanse her raw wounds. And her breaths were given, as though not to breathe but, rather, to fan her sores.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|If you surround yourself with people who don't care about you, be prepared for a life of misery.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from roses; even when trampled they give off perfume, not despair.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you count your blessings, count life twice.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|But if ever I try to mend, some other bodies would instantly break, would instantly be fragments.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have never walked a mile in someone’s shoes, do not mock the soars on his feet.
S.W. Biddulph|To know and not to do, is not to know.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are beloved; even if you were the last person on earth, the sun would rise for you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you have the world on your shoulders, God alone can help you carry it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A tree is honored for the size of its fruit, not the size of its leaves.
Reilyn J. Hardy, The Last Chronomancer|We might not get to choose who we’re born as or where we come from, but only you can decide what becomes of you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Helping yourself is common sense, helping others is virtue, helping yourself and others is enlightenment.
Lily Amis|Don’t BELIEVE everything you read and see on the socialmedia! Don’t let LIKES & RT brainwash your mind, take control over your time and take you away from your life, family & responsibilities!
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Genes come together to construct a magnificent life-form, while neurons come together to form our Illusion of Consciousness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Ears for wisdom, hands for work, eyes for opportunities, and a mouth for thanks.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have nothing but joy in this life, you are still rich.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When your life is stormy, take a refuge to a port: To music or to literature, in short, to art, to any kind of art!
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you kick a lion when it is down, God help you when it gets up.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sun does not rise to earn praise; it just shines, and the whole world pays homage.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If beautiful lilies bloom in ugly waters, you too can blossom in ugly situations.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fear is an assassin; if you let it in your life, it will kill your dreams.
Shubha Vilas, OPEN-EYED MEDITATIONS Practical Wisdom for Everyday Life|An uneducated heart competes, a half educated heart cooperates but enlightened heart serves
Matshona Dhliwayo|Just because everyone is behaving like a clown, it doesn’t mean you have to join the circus.
Tony Williams|I woke up this morning as I do every morning, with an attitude of gratitude.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Make your own luck, and then share it with others.
Nurudeen Ushawu|I didn't say I can change the whole world with all it entirety alone. But I can strike on a lot of things and cause a rift, and bring so many things together.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greater the fruit a tree bears, the greater the number of stones thrown at it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is in the roots, not the branches, that a tree’s greatest strength lies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The early bird gets the first worm, but the wisest bird gets the fastest one.
Matshona Dhliwayo|There are three things that a beggar and a rich person share every day: the sun, the moon, and the stars.
Juan F. Cisneros Cisneros|Life is like a pencil, it can either be wasted; or, be used to create something beautiful.
Aireen C. Pontillo|Liars don't lie to those who are innocent, they lie to those who know the truth
Japanese Proverb|Fall seven times, Stand up eight
Matshona Dhliwayo|As inside of every seed is the power to rise from darkness, inside of everyone is the power to rise from adversity.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the storm forgets to bring a rainbow, paint your own.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn what you can, teach what you know, live how you ought.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to double your happiness, pour it into someone else.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have much, be generous; if you have little, be grateful; even if you have nothing, be hopeful.
Ramana Pemmaraju|The more you know a person, the less you interfere in his affairs.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Whether the glass is half empty or half full, you have the power to fill it up.
Dipin Damodharan|Life is not about reasons, explanations, interpretations, or solutions. It's all about actions and reactions.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sometimes you must do crazy things to discover the life beyond your life, to enter the unknown zone beyond your known zone!
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and use it to hang your troubles.
Shashi, Songs of the Mist|The kind of stillness of being nothing, and doing things from that emptiness, make one strong.
Shashi, Songs of the Mist|When the living gets unburdened with needs and desires, the life becomes simple and easy to carry.
Shashi, Songs of the Mist|Everything that flowers, dies too, but in its dying provides seed of a new beginning. - The Monk (Pg-50)
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, CHOKI  MOTOBU   Original MMA Fighter|An exceptional Sensei has traits such as patience and integrity. Otherwise, natural fighting ability, cruelty and aggressive behavior may be observed in most animal predators.
Hikigaya Hachiman|If to be truthful is to be cruel, then lying must surely be an act of kindness. And so, kindness is a lie.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sun announces its presence with light, not words; do likewise.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When the world told the caterpillar its life was over, the butterfly objected, “My life has just begun.
Simran.M.Anthony|Even if I told you what scares me, you wouldn't understand how it feels.So just so you know, I've travelled roads I had no idea where they'd take me to.And maybe I don't know much about life and its horrors but trust me, I know enough.And I can fix everything, like I always have.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When all seems to be against you, remember, a ship sometimes has to sail against the current, not with it.
Gilgamesh|Hero of Justice? A world where no one is hurt?" Don't be absurd. "Humanity" is the name for an animal that cannot find joy in life without sacrifice. The pretty lie that is "equality" is nonsense spouted by weaklings who cannot look upon the darkness. Nothing but an excuse to cover up life's ugliness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Never allow yourself to be defined by your past; ‘yesterday’ is just a word, not a dictionary.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the grass is greener on the other side, try planting better seeds.
-Unknown|When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When night comes do not despair; rejoice instead and say to yourself, “At least now I can see the stars.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It can’t be done,” they told the caterpillar. “It can,” replied the butterfly.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Amidst the whole peril in the world, here’s why you’re still alive–to find your purpose. Your purpose will ignite hope in others.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If they ask you how rich you are, tell them to look inside your heart.
Gugu Mona|Never let anything be a setback in your life, not even your thoughts, words nor actions.
Timi Nadela, Get To The Top|Success doesn't happen overnight. It takes hard work, dedication and keep your eyes on the prize. Don't look back.
Timi Nadela, Get To The Top|Life, at its best, is happening right in front of you. You might miss it if you're too busy bee. Live your life with a little bit of spice!
Matshona Dhliwayo|There is no smarter professor than life, and no wiser sage than experience.
Stephanie Lahart|When you are unique and rare, be prepared to be hated on. Family, so-called friends, and associates will show their true character when they see you succeeding. Words of Wisdom: Stay focused! Don’t allow anybody to rob you of your purpose. Keep on shining! Keep on thriving! Hold your head up high and do the damn thing! Everybody will NOT be happy for you, everybody will NOT rejoice with you, and everybody will NOT believe in you. And that’s okay! Be your OWN personal cheerleader. This is about YOU, not them. Haters don’t deserve your time or energy. Do YOU. Your destiny is yours to keep!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|True success is not the end of the journey; true success is a journey without an end. So many people relax after achieving something and they forget the undone. They neglect their untapped destiny and they halt their journey of life not reaching their real and true destination. Whilst we have life, we must live life. Whilst we have life, we must give a true meaning to life. Whilst we have life, we must dare to do the undone; though the road is weary; though we may be having a sense of fulfillment, and though we might have done something! Let us awake and pursue with all zeal and tenacity until we get to the real end of our true purpose and destiny, such that long after we are gone, the voice of our footprints will speak to inspire, build and raise a generation of champions !
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are as the sun; the world is your stage; even without an audience, shine.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you look up and don’t see the stars, the universe may have cleared the sky for you to replace them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|While the whole world was asleep, the caterpillar was awake, working towards becoming a butterfly.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A rose does not answer its enemies with words, but with beauty.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If seeds despaired in their darkest hours, they would never rise to enjoy their brightest days.
Osama Sarwar|Honesty is a great thing, if tempered with love.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|They will turn you over, toss you about, fob you off, take you less seriously, because to get there, you must walk on your own feet.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|From all I learned about life, you can’t lose yourself in others to discover yourself. You will get lost forever.
Masashi Kishimoto|Sorry I'm late, I'm afraid I got lost on the path of life-Kakashi Sensei
Matshona Dhliwayo|When a rock transforms into a diamond, lesser stones will not speak of its beauty, but speak of its unpolishedness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Roses do not bloom hurriedly; for beauty, like any masterpiece, takes time to blossom.
Wayne Chirisa|To model the path of love, is to model the representation of God in your life.
Kakashi Sensei|Sorry I'm late, I'm afraid I got lost on the path of life
William Alexander Percy|They ask little, for they know it is little they will receive for all their asking, but what little is so dear, as it always is to the autumn-hearted who know life is pitiful and infinitely sweet.
T S. Edwards|Do you pray for our world or just your world? If all your prayers were answered, would it change our world or just your world?
Raneem Kayyali|Thou art but a feeble flower in the garden of the universe, yet thou hath a purpose much greater than thyself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Smile, just to infuriate those who envy you.
Saru Singhal|In the bigger scheme of things, we are two pawns... waiting for life to make its move.#Fatalist
Elise Icten|Once upon a time, there was a world. It had three types of people in it. Those who walked a path of fear. Those who walked a path of faith and those who were lost. There were two realities; one that was visible to the senses and the other visible to the soul. Those on a path of fear, would see all things worldly. Those on a path of faith would feel the beauty. Those who were lost were incapable of neither seeing or feeling.
Elise Icten|This reality requires you to bury your nature and conform. This is the only way to survive. It is within this reality one often shares a minuscule of what one could share. Competition and scarcity dominate the mind and the heart shuts down. The lure with which one acquires is left with with subsequent hollowness. There was nothing to be had as all it was, was appearance. The conqueror leaves empty-handed. During a lonely moment, one can go and touch inside. It is here that the spirit shows how life is wasted by living a lie.
Elise Icten|And so in this reality, everything came unseen but perfectly felt. Here, everything shared possessed intensity. The vibrancy of energy moved from one good deed to another. Here one was bigger than his circumstances and here every interaction was multiplied. Here there was no work as every undertaking was a talented blessing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When people try to bury you, remind yourself you are a seed.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have the power to put a smile on one person’s face, you have the power to change the world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be like seeds; do not see dirt thrown at you as your enemy, but as ground to grow.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When people try to pull you down, remember, they had to look up to do so.
Iva Ursano, The Shear Truth: 10 Things Your Hairstylist Really Wants You to Know.|Stop thinking you can't do something. All those thoughts you have going on in your head are made up lies. What are you afraid of? Success? Failure? No such thing as failure. You don't fail at anything. You experience, learn and grow.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Thoughts are powerful; before you were born, you were one.
AnkitMishra|I am lost in the paradigm of life, death and time. The only thing I have learnt about this paradigm is that the time is running between life and death and with every passing day we are getting closer to the death and truth is that time is running for Good.
Iva Ursano, The Shear Truth: 10 Things Your Hairstylist Really Wants You to Know.|I've learned a lot of things this year...not everyone who smiles at you is your friend. Fear really is terrifying but when you face it, the feeling is euphoric. I can say no and not feel guilty. I can say yes and not feel guilty. I know when to walk away from anything that isn't good for me, but the best thing I learned is that happiness is inside of me and always has been.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Life is sweet till a bitter reality comes and hits us! After that, if you are a strong person, life will continue being sweet!
Pradeepa Pandiyan|Be thankful to those painful moments of your life, because that has what shaped you to become who you are now.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To be knowledgeable, sit before scholars; to be wise, sit before life.
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|There are three impossibilities in life: God cannot lie, God cannot change and finally, I cannot be a poor man.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You don’t choose the music your enemies play, but you choose which songs you dance to.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Yesterday, I was clever, I wanted to be rich. Today, I am wise, I want to be happy.
Olivia Sinaga|Be alive. Feel it, and be happy of it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The world accommodates you for fitting in, but only rewards you for standing out.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When excellence comes in at the door, failure flies out the window.
Matshona Dhliwayo|God hides treasure in dirt, so that only those humble enough to dig through it find it.
Virginia Woolf|I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.
Anaïs Nin|I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naïve or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
John Lennon|As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.
Nora Ephron|Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.
Bette Davis|When a man gives his opinion, he's a man. When a woman gives her opinion, she's a bitch.
Anaïs Nin|How wrong is it for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself?
Margaret Thatcher|In politics, If you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman.
