Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Never forget that you are not in the world; the world is in you. When anything happens to you, take the experience inward. Creation is set up to bring you constant hints and clues about your role as co-creator. Your soul is metabolizing experience as surely as your body is metabolizing food
Roopleen|To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.
Christopher Healy, The Hero's Guide to Storming the Castle|No one is defined by a single act," Frederic said. "Whether it was years ago or weeks ago. We're all given chances to change, to make up for things we've done wrong. It's how we handle those opportunities that really matters.
Nikki Rowe|I said, but I have to go, there are so many places calling my name.
Anne Bradstreet|Wisdom with an inheritance is good, but wisdom without an inheritance is better than an inheritance without wisdom.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|When it came to adults, it was better not to talk. They had a way of hearing one thing and processing it as something else. No reason to give them an excuse to hurt you.
Roy  Bennett|Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.
Dee Marie, Sons of Avalon: Merlin's Prophecy|Fighting in the name of freedom has too high a price," Merlin sighed as he leaned into his mother's arms.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|For years I've been searching for a homeland, finally I found it in you..
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|We don’t know anything about silent sages, buried knowledge, the eye of the mute poet, serene seers, yet how many talkative destroyers, prophets and ideologues, teachers and beautifiers there are on the other side.
Rumiko Takahashi|In the hearts of men lies both good and evil. The two coexist. Some men become good, and others become evil. It is the way of this world.-Kikyo
Confucius|Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of man.
Shannon L. Alder|Always give your resume of good deeds when you run into someone that you wronged many years ago. They simply need to know today's version of you, before they judge you on yesterday's news.
Pope Gregory I|We make Idols of our concepts, but Wisdom is born of wonder
Victor Hugo|A library implies an act of faith which generations, still in darkness hid, sign in their night in witness of the dawn." (1872)
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|The life and passion of a person leave an imprint on the ether of a place. Love does not remain within the heart, it flows out to build secret tabernacles in a landscape.
Jaeda DeWalt|People can have the best of intentions when they tell their loved ones how they should be living their lives. But often times, when we are in struggle, we are seeking to be supported, not solved.
Jacob Bronowski|Man masters nature not by force, but by understanding
George Sheehan|Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
Dale Carnegie|When two partners always agree, one of them is not necessary." If there is some point you haven't thought about, be thankful if it is brought to your attention.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Stupidity and wisdom meet in the same centre of sentiment and resolution, in the suffering of human accidents.
John Brunner, The Jagged Orbit|What people want, mainly, is to be told by some plausible authority that what they are already doing is right. I don't know know of a quicker way to become unpopular than to disagree.
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|When mind exists undisturbed in the Way, nothing in the world can offend, and when a thing can no longer offend it ceases to exist in the old way. When no discriminating thoughts arise, the old mind ceases to exist.
Quintus Aurelius Symmachus|We gaze up at the same stars, the sky covers us all, the same universe encompasses us. What does it matter what practical system we adopt in our search for the truth? Not by one avenue only can we arrive at so tremendous a secret.
Abdulrazak Gurnah, Paradise|Respect yourself and others will come to respect you. That is true about all of us, but especially true about women. That is the meaning of honour.
Mary E. Pearson, The Fox Inheritance|It's other people who make us wise, and I haven't known nearly enough.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|Whoever wants the "I" to yield up its mysterious and tremendous secret must stop it from looking perpetually in the mirror, must stop the little ego's fascination with its own image.
Colin Bateman, Mystery Man|If you dwell in the darkness, you can see in the dark and look into the light. But in choosing the darkness, you know you are destined to walk alone.
Sarah Jessica Parker|When it comes to life and love, why do we believe our worst reviews?
Gary L. Francione|I am opposed to animal welfare campaigns for two reasons. First, if animal use cannot be morally justified, then we ought to be clear about that, and advocate for no use. Although rape and child molestation are ubiquitous, we do not have campaigns for “humane” rape or “humane” child molestation. We condemn it all. We should do the same with respect to animal exploitation. Second, animal welfare reform does not provide significant protection for animal interests. Animals are chattel property; they are economic commodities. Given this status and the reality of markets, the level of protection provided by animal welfare will generally be limited to what promotes efficient exploitation. That is, we will protect animal interests to the extent that it provides an economic benefit.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Why should you want to give up a child's wise not-understanding in exchange for defensiveness and scorn, since not-understanding is, after all, a way of being alone, whereas defensiveness and scorn are a participation in precisely what, by these means, you want to separate yourself from.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|We are all small-minded people, creeping about the earth grubbing for our own advantage and making the very mistakes for which we want to humiliate our neighbors.
William Wordsworth, Wordsworth: Poems|Books! tis a dull and endless strife:Come, hear the woodland linnet,How sweet his music! on my life,There's more of wisdom in it.
Edward M. Kennedy|The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.
Alexander McCall Smith, The World According to Bertie|No plaque reminds the passer-by of these glories, although there should be one; for those who invent biscuits bring great pleasure to many.
George Eliot|Duty has a trick of behaving unexpectedly -- something like a heavy friend whom we have amiably asked to visit us, and who breaks his leg within our gates.
Juan Mascaró|Fools, their wisdom weak,are their own enemiesas they go through life,doing evilthat bearsbitter fruit.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Meeting a stranger can be totally fleeting and meaningless, for example, unless you enter the individual’s world by finding out at least one thing that is meaningful to his or her life and exchange at lest one genuine feeling. Tuning in to others is a circular flow: you send yourself out toward people; you receive them as they respond to you.
Shannon Hale, Princess Academy|Look no farther than your hand,Make a choice and take a stand.
Rachel Naomi Remen|Everybody is a story. When I was a child, people sat around kitchen tables and told their stories. We don't do that so much anymore. Sitting around the table telling stories is not just a way of passing time. It is the way the wisdom gets passed along. The stuff that helps us to live a life worth remembering.
George Gordon Byron|What deep wounds ever closed without a scar?The hearts bleed longest, and heals but to wear That which disfigures it.
Mark Carwardine, Last Chance to See|In every remote corner of the world there are people like Carl Jones and Don Merton who have devoted their lives to saving threatened species. Very often, their determination is all that stands between an endangered species and extinction.But why do they bother? Does it really matter if the Yangtze river dolphin, or the kakapo, or the northern white rhino, or any other species live on only in scientists' notebooks?Well, yes, it does. Every animal and plant is an integral part of its environment: even Komodo dragons have a major role to play in maintaining the ecological stability of their delicate island homes. If they disappear, so could many other species. And conservation is very much in tune with our survival. Animals and plants provide us with life-saving drugs and food, they pollinate crops and provide important ingredients or many industrial processes. Ironically, it is often not the big and beautiful creatures, but the ugly and less dramatic ones, that we need most.Even so, the loss of a few species may seem irrelevant compared to major environmental problems such as global warming or the destruction of the ozone layer. But while nature has considerable resilience, there is a limit to how far that resilience can be stretched. No one knows how close to the limit we are getting. The darker it gets, the faster we're driving.There is one last reason for caring, and I believe that no other is necessary. It is certainly the reason why so many people have devoted their lives to protecting the likes of rhinos, parakeets, kakapos, and dolphins. And it is simply this: the world would be a poorer, darker, lonelier place without them.
Wendy Mass, Every Soul a Star|As long as you know who you are, and see what makes you happy, it doesn't matte how others see you
Aaron Cohen|Happiness is attained, not through self-interest, but through unconditional fidelity in endless love of eternal light.
Lionel Barrymore|To my mind there is nothing so beautiful or so provocative as a secondhand book store...To me it is astonishing and miraculous to think that any one of us can poke among the stalls for something to read overnight--and that this something may be the sum of a lifetime of sweat, tears, and genius that some poor, struggling, blessed fellow expended trying to teach us the truth.
Ptah-Hotep|Be a craftsman in speech that thou mayest be strong, for the strength of one is the tongue, and speech is mightier than all fighting.
Seneca|I am not a ‘wise man,’ nor . . . shall I ever be. And so require not from me that I should be equal to the best, but that I should be better than the wicked. It is enough for me if every day I reduce the number of my vices, and blame my mistakes.
David Eddings, King of the Murgos|The whole world is beautiful, Belgarion' Eriond assured him in response to that unspoken thought. 'You just have to know how to look at it
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|There are many things in the deep waters; and seas and lands may change. And it is not our part here to take thought only for a season, or for a few lives of Men, or for a passing age of the world. We should seek a final end of this menace, even if we do not hope to make one.
Jess C. Scott, Take-Out, Part 1|He felt a little lost, after that experience. Lost as the girls on their knees. It was a never-ending story of young girls losing themselves, such that they were no longer humans with any souls or characters, but pretty girls with fat asses and nice tits.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|I'm not trying to tell you," he said "that only educated men are able to contribute something valuable to the world. It's not so.But I do say that educated and scholarly men, if they're brilliant and creative to begin with--which, unfortunately, is rarely the case--tend to leave infinitely more valuable records behind them than men do who are MEREly brilliant and creative.
C. JoyBell C.|Do you have a leather jacket? One for a ten-year-old boy?" I asked the man selling leather jackets and gloves in Covent Garden, London. "Yes, I have one right here!" And the man dug out a fine leather jacket that looked styled and tailored for a young boy. "I'm buying this for my son" I said to him. "I love this jacket, it's perfect, I think I will just come back for it tomorrow, though! I'll be back tomorrow, okay?" And the man reached his arms above his head, and said with a big smile upon his face "You only have one life to live! What is the difference if you do something today, or if you do it tomorrow?" I thought about the man's words. And I bought the jacket. He was right, there is no difference, really, between doing something today and doing something tomorrow, when you only have one life to live! Afterall, tomorrow may never come! All you really have is today!
Amanda Hocking, Wisdom|A vampire is branding girls, okay?" I ignored his refusal. "Something about that just feels wrong to me.""I would hope so.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Latter-day capitalism. Like it or not, it's the society we live in. Even the standard of right and wrong has been subdi-vided, made sophisticated. Within good, there's fashionable good and unfash-ionable good, and ditto for bad. Within fashionable good, there's formal and then there's casual; there's hip, there's cool, there's trendy, there's snobbish. Mix 'n' match. Like pulling on a Missoni sweater over Trussardi slacks and Pollini shoes, you can now enjoy hybrid styles of morality. It's the way of the world—philosophy starting to look more and more like business administration.Although I didn't think so at the time, things were a lot simpler in 1969. All you had to do to express yourself was throw rocks at riot police. But with today's sophistication, who's in a position to throw rocks? Who's going to brave what tear gas? C'mon, that's the way it is. Everything is rigged, tied into that massive capital web, and beyond this web there's another web. Nobody's going anywhere. You throw a rock and it'll come right back at you.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|The source of wisdom and power, of love and beauty, is within ourselves, but not within our egos. It is within our consciousness. Indeed, its presence provides us with a conscious contrast which enables us to speak of the ego as if it were something different and apart: it is the true Self whereas the ego is only an illusion of the mind.
Baltasar Gracián|Folly consists not in committing Folly, but in being incapable of concealing it. All men make mistakes, but the wise conceal the blunders they have made, while fools make them public. Reputation depends more on what is hidden than on what is seen. If you can’t be good, be careful.
John Keats|There is an electric fire in human nature tending to purify - so that among these human creatures there is continually some birth of heroism. The pity is that we must wonder at it, as we should at finding a pearl in the rubbish.
Nikki Rowe|You will meet many opponents in your time that will come face to face with your flaws, trust the chaos ~ pain & confusion is the pathway to break open and become free.
Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control|INTEREST. Here is the key to the whole thing. If and when you are truly interested in what you are doing, or are about to do, then you will center your attention on it with little or no effort, and almost irrespective of the attendant conditions.
Robertson Davies|I am quite a wise old bird, but I am no desert hermit who can only prophesy when his guts are knotted with hunger. I am deep in the old man’s puzzle, trying to link the wisdom of the body with the wisdom of the spirit until the two are one.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The smaller the creature, the bolder its spirit.
Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control|In the endeavor to establish a difficult habit, for example, mere wishing will never carry it to a successful conclusion; our wishing must rise to the level of WANTING if this goal is to be achieved.
Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence|Do not, under any circumstances, put this book down and turn on the teevee.The teevee debilitates our culture. 
François-René de Chateaubriand|Quand on parle des vices d’un homme, si on vous dit : “Tout le monde le dit” ne le croyez pas ; si l’on parle de ses vertus en vous disant encore : “Tout le monde le dit”, croyez-le.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|He said after a little while, 'I see why you say that only men do evil, I think. Even sharks are innocent, they kill because they must.' 'That is why nothing can resist us. Only one thing in the worl can resist an evil-hearted man. And that is another man. In our shame is our glory. Only our spirit, which is capable of evil, is capable of overcoming it.
Beth Johnson|A statement made from the heart has an aroma, it has lights, it has earth andsun and moon. It is colorful and it grasps the attention of those around you,like the sunset.
Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control|Too much stress cannot be laid...upon the admonition that we seek so far as possible to live in the lives of other people. By sharing in the misfortunes of others, and rejoicing in their happiness, you add to your own emotional serenity and stability.
Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder|What a rich wisdom it would be, and how much more bountiful a harvest, to gain pleasure not from achieving personal perfection but from understanding the inevitability of imperfection and pardoning those who also fall short of it.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|MOMWholeheartedly,She loved me-And inspired me-With transcending devotion.It was a blessing-To have been her son,To have been loved-Without conditions.Her words of wisdom-Opened my eyes-To the world-And to myself.By seeing the best in me, She empowered me.By believing in me, She transformed me.She grew old-And floated away,But her love remains standing-Eternally by my side.
Samuel Johnson, The Idler; Poems|He that reads and grows no wiser seldom suspects his own deficiency, but complains of hard words and obscure sentences, and asks why books are written which cannot be understood.
Yasmina Khadra, Swallows of Kabul|Basically, being alive means keeping yourself ready for the sky to fall in on you at any time. If you start from the assumption that existence is only an ordeal, a test we have to pass, then you’re equipped to deal with its sorrows and its surprises. If you persist in expecting it to give you something it can’t give, that just proves that you haven’t understood anything. Take things as they come; don’t turn them into a drama. You’re not piloting the ship, you’re following the course of your destiny.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Life's Complex Journey|To be careless in making decisions is to naively believe that a single decision impacts nothing more than that single decision, for a single decision can spawn a thousand others that were entirely unnecessary or it can bring peace to a thousand places we never knew existed.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|He who knows he is a fool is not the biggest fool; he who knows he is confused is not in the worst confusion. The man in the worst confusion will end his life without ever getting straightened out; the biggest fool will end his life without ever seeing the light. If three men are traveling along and one is confused, they will still get where they are going - because confusion is in the minority. But if two of them are confused, then they can walk until they are exhausted and never get anywhere - because confusion is in the majority.
Abigail Van Buren|Wisdom doesn't automatically come with old age.Nothing does --- except wrinkles.It's true,some wines improves with age.But only if the grapes were good in the first place
Victoria Bond, Zora and Me|I thought about the difference between a mama's girl and a daddy's girl. I decided that a daughter who belongs to her daddy expects gifts, while a daughter who belongs to her mama expects a lot more. Not from her mama. From herself.
Ben Carson, One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America's Future|While wisdom dictates the need for education, education does not necessarily make one wise.
Romain Rolland, Jean Christophe Vol I|But perhaps there are in us forces other than mind and heart, other even than the senses - mysterious forces which take hold of us in the moments when the others are asleep; and perhaps it was such forces that Melchior had found in the depths of those pale eyes which had looked at him so timidly one evening when he had accosted the girl on the bank of the river, and had sat down beside her in the reeds - without knowing why - and had given her his hand.
Trent Zelazny|Snobbery might sometimes look cool, like smoking, but the end result is usually a repelling one.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We know that for mankind to move forward, changes must be made. However, if an old man is wise only by his gray hair, yet it is inevitable that this wisdom will also become impaired by age, then it can be deduced that we cannot expect the very old or very young to make progressive strides to better society, it must be up to the men and women still in the prime of their lives to re-learn and teach the changes needed to be made.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Sometimes I think that wisdoms slip from my mind like drool from the lips of an idiot...Where's all this stuff coming from? Is it any good? Any good in, you know, the wisdom sense? Who am I to spout this stuff anyway?Well, here's the thing. You too can find yourself shedding wisdom like cat hair if you only allow yourself the liberty of introspection.Think about what you alone know that no one else does. That one neat wonderful profound insight. It is fully yours. No one else on this planet of about six billion people understands it like you do.Now, see if you can share it with someone. Bestow it, a gift of yourself.Wisdom is like gossip. Except it's the good kind.
Nisargadatta Maharaj, I Am That: Talks with Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj|You may die a hundred deaths without a break in the mental turmoil. Or, you may keep your body and die only in the mind. The death of the mind is the birth of wisdom.
Esther Hicks|You are joy, looking for a way to express. It's not just that your purpose is joy, it is that you are joy. You are love and joy and freedom and clarity expressing. Energy-frolicking and eager. That's who you are.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When you feel life at crossroads,you need higher perspective view.
Charles Alexander Eastman, The Soul of the Indian|The true Indian sets no price upon either his property or his labor. His generosity is limited only by his strength and ability. He regards it as an honor to be selected for difficult or dangerous service and would think it shameful to ask for any reward, saying rather: "Let the person I serve express his thanks according to his own bringing up and his sense of honor. Each soul must meet the morning sun, the new sweet earth, and the Great Silence alone!. What is Silence? It is the Great Mystery! The Holy Silence is His voice!
Allan Wolf, The Watch That Ends the Night|Marriage without struggle is like an unfired clay pot.It is easily made, but it will not stand the test of time.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|The only way you would have failed," she said, "is if you had.
Anonymous, The Arabian Nights|My story is of such marvel that if it were written with a needle on the corner of an eye, it would yet serve as a lesson to those who seek wisdom.
Josef Škvorecký, The Engineer of Human Souls|We may think we live for wisdom, but in fact we're living for the the pleasure wisdom brings us.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|It is important never to separate love and knowledge, compassion and wisdom. A wisdom without compassion is closed upon itself and does not bear fruit. A compassion without wisdom is a madness and a cause of suffering.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|For a while the hobbits continued to talk and think of the past journey and of the perils that lay ahead; but such was the virtue of the land of Rivendell that soon all fear and anxiety was lifted from their minds. The future, good or ill, was not forgotten, but ceased to have any power over the present. Health and hope grew strong in them, and they were content with each good day as it came, taking pleasure in every meal, and in every word and song.
R. Scott Bakker, The Darkness That Comes Before|Saying 'I could have done more,' Zin, is what marks a man as a man and not a God.
Chris A. Jackson|Here’s a little mote of wisdom: Not everyone who claims to be an expert, is indeed an expert. Please note: I have never claimed to be an expert on anything except perhaps making the perfect omelet, and if you don’t like spicy, you’d probably argue with me on that one, too. In fact, anyone claiming to be an expert on anything, in my opinion, should immediately be viewed with suspicion, or be able to produce a PhD Diploma on the subject he or she is professing to be expert in.
William Beckford, The Episodes of Vathek|If you seem to be happy in this place of solitude, you will acquire a great reputation for wisdom, and I know, by my own experience, that under the cloak of a great reputation it is possible to hide whole treasures of folly. (“The Story of Princess Zulkais and the Prince Kalilah”)
Jayleigh Cape|A wealth of experience and wisdom doesn't have to be a dead giveaway to your increasing years. The spin you put on it is what will keep you young. Don't let it make you bitter. Learn from it, and let it make you better.
François-René de Chateaubriand, René|Le passé et le présent sont deux statues incomplètes: l'une a été retirée toute mutilée du débris des âges, l'autre n'a pas encore reçu sa perfection de l'avenir.
Mikhail Naimy, The Book of Mirdad: The Strange Story of a Monastery Which Was Once Called the Ark|Logic is immaturity weaving its nets of gossamer wherewith it aims to catch the behemoth of knowledge. Logic is a crutch for the cripple, but a burden for the swift of foot and a greater burden still for the wise.
Iimani David|Thirty-nine years of my life had passed before I understood that clouds were not my enemy; that they were beautiful, and that I needed them. I suppose this, for me, marked the beginning of wisdom. Life is short.
Raheel Farooq|Hundreds of wise men cannot make the world a heaven, but one idiot is enough to turn it into a hell.
J.R.R. Tolkien|A King will have his way in his own hall, be it folly or wisdom.
Milton Glaser|We are all born with genius. It's like our fairy godmother. But what happens in life is that we stop listening to our inner voices, and we no longer have access to this extraordinary ability to create poetry.
Witold Gombrowicz|Dzieje kultury wykazują, ze głupota jest siostrą bliźniaczą rozumu, ona rośnie najbujniej nie na glebie dziewiczej ignorancji , lecz na gruncie uprawnym siódmym potem doktorów i profesorów. Wielkie absurdy nie są wymyślane przez tych, których rozum krząta się wokół spraw codziennych. Nic dziwnego zatem, że właśnie najintensywniejsi myśliciele bywali producentami największego głupstwa. / The history of culture shows that foolishness is a twin sister of wisdom. It does not flourish on the fields of pure ignorance but on the fields tirelessly plowed by doctors and professors. Great absurdities do not flourish where one is busy with everyday life. No wonder that sometimes most vigorous thinkers come up with utmost stupidities. (Dziennik 1956, XIX, Thursday)
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Every creature was designed to serve a purpose. Learn from animals for they are there to teach you the way of life. There is a wealth of knowledge that is openly accessible in nature. Our ancestors knew this and embraced the natural cures found in the bosoms of the earth. Their classroom was nature. They studied the lessons to be learned from animals. Much of human behavior can be explained by watching the wild beasts around us. They are constantly teaching us things about ourselves and the way of the universe, but most people are too blind to watch and listen.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Smartass Disciple: Master, what did you do to earn wisdom ?Master of Stupidity: Well, I forget. Shit happened, life goes on.
Destiny Booze|I would much rather be considered wise than smart. But, I still think it is wise to get an education.
Archilochos, Carmina Archilochi: The Fragments of Archilochos|The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one, but that is the best of all.
Judy Gold|If you're going to hit a car, try to be sure that it's not a cop car
Ocean Crisstopher Poet, Unknown Book 7431667|Don't kill me because I'm gay,pray for me for it is God who created me.
Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World|Unfortunately, modern man has become so focused on harnessing nature's resources that he has forgotten how to learn from them. If you let them, however, the elements of nature will teach you as they have taught me.
Idries Shah, Knowing How to Know: A Practical Philosophy in the Sufi Tradition|In a village where everyone has only one leg, the biped will hop about more lamely than anyone else, if he knows what is good for him.
Suzy Kassem|Any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek.
Joshua Caleb|Knowledge is a Bed of Roses; for Every Beautiful Flower, there are a Dozen Thorns to Match
François-René de Chateaubriand|L’arbre tombe feuille à feuille : si les hommes contemplaient chaque matin ce qu’ils ont perdu la veille, ils s’apercevraient bien de leur pauvreté.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Without attachment, a naked body is merely a lifeless sex-toy.
C.S. Lewis|If there is a wasp in the room, I’d like to be able to see it.
Shannon L. Alder|True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do.
Ricky Maye, Barefoot Christianity|Being the light of the world is about being a broken, exploding, scarred star and shining a light of hope and inspiration to everyone around you.
Brandi L. Bates, Remains To Be Seen|In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.
Niccolò Machiavelli|It is of the greatest important in this world that a man should know himself, and the measure of his own strength and means; and he who knows that he has not a genius for fighting must learn how to govern by the arts of peace.
Idries Shah, Observations|Wisdom is when you understand what, previously, at best you only knew.
Tony Vigorito|Free will is the cutting edge of Creation, don’t you see? The word spontaneity derives from the Latin sponte, meaning ‘of one’s free will.’ Spontaneity is the impulse, the purest expression of freedom, and the impulse wants to do whatever it wants to do. But you are afraid of what others think, others who are just as afraid of what you think, and so you pussyfoot along the perimeter of the free-will zone, wilting like a wallflower.
Confucius, The Analects|One who never anticipates deceit or expects duplicity, and yet is the first to recognize such things – is that not a sage indeed?
Joseph Conrad, The Shadow-Line|One must not make too much of anything in life, good or bad.
Napoleon Hill, You Can Work Your Own Miracles|The mind has a definite way of clothing one's thoughts in appropriate physical equivalents. Think in terms of poverty and you will live in poverty. Think in terms of opulence and you will attract opulence. Through the eternal law of harmonious attraction, one's thoughts always clothe themselves in material things appropriate unto their nature.
Cambria Hebert, #Hater|Women don't like to be told what to do. They like to be the ones telling us what to do. You want her to do something, you're gonna have to go about it a different way.
Ali R.A|Pride, cowardice, and miserliness are bad for me but good for women
Phyllis McGinley|Compromise, if not the spice of life, is its solidity. It is what makes nations great and marriages happy
C.S. Lewis, Phantastes|An almost perfect relationship with his father was the earthly root of all his wisdom. From his own father, he said, he first learned that Fatherhood must be at the core of the universe. [speaking of George MacDonald]
John Piper|humility is beyond our reach. if it were a product of reaching, we would instinctively be proud of reaching it. it is a gift.
Ueda Akinari, Tales of Moonlight and Rain|In friendship, bond not with a shallow man.
Harold S. Kushner|Do things for people not because of who they are or what they do in return, but because of who you are
Kelli Jae Baeli, Crossing Paths|You can bail water 24/7, and no matter how good you are at not sinking, you still have a hole in your boat.
Gary L. Francione|I reject animal welfare reform and single-issue campaigns because they are not only inconsistent with the claims of justice that we should be making if we really believe that animal exploitation is wrong, but because these approaches cannot work as a practical matter. Animals are property and it costs money to protect their interests; therefore, the level of protection accorded to animal interests will always be low and animals will, under the best of circumstances, still be treated in ways that would constitute torture if applied to humans.By endorsing welfare reforms that supposedly make exploitation more “compassionate” or single-issue campaigns that falsely suggest that there is a coherent moral distinction between meat and dairy or between fur and wool or between steak and foie gras, we betray the principle of justice that says that all sentient beings are equal for purposes of not being used exclusively as human resources. And, on a practical level, we do nothing more than make people feel better about animal exploitation.
Gary L. Francione|Animals are property. There are laws that supposedly protect animal interestsin being treated “humanely,” but that term is interpreted in large part to mean that we cannot impose “unnecessary” harm on animals, and that is measured by what treatment is considered as necessary within particular industries, and according to customs of use, to exploit animals. The bottom line is that animals do not have any respect-based rights in the way that humans have, because we do not regard animals as having any moral value. They have only economic value. We value their interests economically, and we ignore their interests when it is economically beneficial for us to do so.At this point in time, it makes no sense to focus on the law, because as long as we regard animals as things, as a moral matter, the laws will necessarily reflect that absence of moral value and continue to do nothing to protect animals. We need to change social and moral thinking about animals before the law is going to do anything more.
Gary L. Francione|So it is always preferable to discuss the matter of veganism in a non-judgemental way. Remember that to most people, eating flesh or dairy and using animal products such as leather, wool, and silk, is as normal as breathing air or drinking water. A person who consumes dairy or uses animal products is not necessarily or usually what a recent and unpopular American president labelled an "evil doer.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|Knowledge & understanding mixed with ones convictions of 'experience' is hardly impositional". ~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee, as for the time it did me. There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness.
Osho|you need power only to do something harmful.otherwise love is enough,compassion is enough.
Chögyam Trungpa, Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism|Are the great spiritual teachings really advocating that we fight evil because we are on the side of light, the side of peace? Are they telling us to fight against that other 'undesirable' side, the bad and the black. That is a big question. If there is wisdom in the sacred teachings, there should not be any war. As long as a person is involved with warfare, trying to defend or attack, then his action is not sacred; it is mundane, dualistic, a battlefield situation.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Don’t follow someone else’s map. You should glean teachings from all directions, keeping true to those that bring progress yet remaining open to changes in yourself.
Jess C. Scott, The Darker Side of Life|Follow your heart, Ithilnin," Albirich repeated. "Time is precious. Don't waste it living someone else's life.
Fadi Hattendorf|Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.
Osho|respect life,revere life.there is nothing more holy than life,nothing more divine than life.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|From the cradle to the grave, joy and pain is the fertilizer for wisdom.
Tsoknyi Rinpoche, Carefree Dignity: Discourses on Training in the Nature of Mind|Whenever ego suffers from fear of death & your practice turns to seeing impermanence, ego settles down.
Henry David Thoreau, Life Without Principle|I did not know that mankind were suffering for want of gold. I have seen a little of it. I know that it is very malleable, but not so malleable as wit. A grain of gold will gild a great surface, but not so much as a grain of wisdom.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|Their mother is Athene, the goddess of wisdom, and, although they are often ready to play the buffoon to amuse you, such conduct is the prerogative of the truly wise.
Genieve Dawkins, The Turmoil Within|The friend is a human EdenBut Eden is so easily lostWhen you choose, choose wiselyBefore you share, count the cost
Danielle Jordan|No one is ever going to give you something that they're too afraid to even claim for themselves. People don't know themselves, so they don't like to see other people figure it out and live their lives in ways that they themselves cannot. So they try to box you in, and limit you, so they don't feel inadequate. But you don't need their approval- the only person who ever, ever limits you is yourself.
Robertson Davies, A Mixture of Frailties|But the character of the music emphasized the tale as allegory--humorous, poignant, humane allegory--disclosing the metamorphosis of life itself, in which man moves from confident inexperience through the bitterness of experience, toward the rueful wisdom of self-knowledge.
Saul Bellow|The old continued to have one resurgence of foolishness after another, until the organism gave out altogether.
Amanda Hocking, Wisdom|Are you just gonna stare at Jack or are we gonna go?" Milo asked, poking his head into the bedroom.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|You might say that you've finally earned the wisdom.Actually, it's the wisdom that has found and formed you.
George Orwell, Coming Up for Air|Perhaps a man really dies when his brain stops, when he loses the power to take in a new idea.
Billie Jean King|Tennis taught me so many lessons in life. One of the things it taught me is that every ball that comes to me, I have to make a decision. I have to accept responsibility for the consequences every time I hit a ball.
William Ellery Channing|To live content with small means; to seek elegance rather than luxury, and refinement rather than fashion; to be worthy, not respectable, and wealthy, not, rich; to listen to stars and birds, babes and sages, with open heart; to study hard; to think quietly, act frankly, talk gently, await occasions, hurry never; in a word, to let the spiritual, unbidden and unconscious, grow up through the common. this is my symphony.
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|To deny the reality of things is to miss their reality; to assert the emptiness of things is to miss their reality. The more you talk and think about it, the further astray you wander from the truth. Stop talking and thinking and there is nothing you will not be able to know.
Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra|Whoever is full of wisdom is naturally compassionate; in fact we recognize that someone has gained spiritual wisdom by seeing their compassionate behavior. . . . Individuals and countries with power need to develop wisdom and compassion, for without these attributes, there is a danger that the power will be used to oppress and exploit others. (31)
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|One true king knew when to step aside and give up the reins of power—to remove his crown and relinquish his kingdom—all for the sake of glimpsing, just once in a lifetime, the face of a holy child.He was the Fourth to follow the Star.His gift was a secret.The rest of his journey is unknown.
Francis Bacon|We are much beholden to Machiavelli and others, that write what men do, and not what they ought to do . For it is not possible to join serpentine wisdom with the columbine innocency, except men know exactly all the conditions of the serpent; his baseness and going upon his belly, his volubility and lubricity, his envy and sting, and the rest; that is, all forms and natures of evil. For without this, virtue lieth open and unfenced. Nay, an honest man can do no good upon those that are wicked, to reclaim them, without the help of the knowledge of evil.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|When two wise men are blaming one another,then time has come for you to be the third one.
Mary Schumann, Strong Enchantments|The only way to heal yourself was to understand. Understand the love or the hate or the cowardice, or the impulsiveness, the lack of will of the one who hurt you--the circumstances that twisted them, the influences that warped them. And when you forgot yourself and saw the others with pitying comprehension, saw their tortured motives, a white, healing peace descended upon you. Your betrayal became an impersonal one, like a bridge giving way when you crossed it, lightning, a motor collision--you were in the way and you were damaged--that was all. It wasn't meant for you. When you understood, you were released into a new freedom and wisdom.
Jean-Pierre de Caussade, Abandonment to Divine Providence|God teaches the soul by pains and obstacles, not by ideas.
Ibrahim Aslan|Don't talk about love, But speak out of love cause most of the liars are only perfect of talking about nothing but passion & don't talk about justice, But speak out of justice cause most of the oppressors are only perfect of talking about nothing but rightness.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Right now, just speak gently your words of wisdom to the youngsters.Sooner or later, those words will arrive at the right place in their hearts.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Man will never reach the higher wisdom,If he can't yet accept the pain of change.
James Lee Burke, Black Cherry Blues|. . . I had found the edge. The place where you unstrap all your fastenings to the earth, to what you are what you have been, where you flame out on the edge of the spheres, and the sun and moon become eclipsed and the world below is as dead and remote and without interest as if it were glazed with ice. 
Anne Holm|I wrote "David" because it seemed to me that children, who can love a book more passionately than any grown person, got such a lot of harmless entertainment and not enough real, valuable literature.
Nyogen Senzaki|Like this cup, you are full of your own opinions and speculations. How can I show you wisdom unless you first empty your cup?
Sorin Cerin|If we deny the thirst of love, we stand to lose the last known address of the stranger whithin us. 
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Vulnerability really means to be strong and secure enough within yourself that you are able to walk outside without your armor on. You are able to show up in life as just you. That is genuine strength and courage. Armor may look tough, but all it does is mask insecurity and fear.
Johan Huizinga, Homo Ludens: A Study of the Play-Element in Culture|If a serious statement is defined as one that may be made in terms of waking life, poetry will never rise to the level of seriousness. It lies beyond seriousness, on that more primitive and original level where the child, the animal, the savage, and the seer belong, in the region of dream, enchantment, ecstasy, laughter. To understand poetry we must be capable of donning the child's soul like a magic cloak and of forsaking man's wisdom for the child's.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Relationships are steppingstones for the evolution of our consciousness. Each interaction we have, be it one of joy or contrast, allows us to learn more about who we are and what we want in this lifetime. They bring us into greater alignment…as long as we continue to move forward and do not get attached to hurt, anger, or being a victim.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Expectation has brought me disappointment. Disappointment has brought me wisdom. Acceptance, gratitude and appreciation have brought me joy and fulfilment.
Confucius|Wenn du weißt, behaupte, dass du es weißt. Und wenn du etwas nicht weißt, gib zu, dass du es nicht weißt. Das ist Wissen.
Arkady Strugatsky|We don't notice things change. We know that things change, we've been told since childhood that things change, we've witnessed things change ourselves many a time, and yet we're still utterly incapable of noticing the moment that change comes--or we search for change in all the wrong places.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|For what are in reality the things we call ‘Wisdom,’ ‘Virtue,’ ‘Heroism,’ ‘sublime hours,’ and ‘great moments of life,’ but the moments when we have more or less issued forth from ourselves, and have been able to halt, be it only for an instant, on the step of one of the eternal gates whence we see that the faintest cry, the most colourless thought, and most nerveless gestures do not drop into nothingness; …
Mark Twain|The perfection of wisdom, and the end of true philosophy is to proportion our wants to our possessions, our ambitions to our capacities, we will then be a happy and a virtuous people.
Belsebuub|We can't just restrict ourselves to what we know, because we are talking about the unknown.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Love is supposed to lift you up, not hold you down. It is supposed to push you forward, not hold you back.
Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance|Die Welt ist von Narren geschaffen, damit Weise in ihr Leben.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|When we choose to stay down, we are in reality confusing wisdom with cowardice. When we choose to stand back up, we are using wisdom to overcome cowardice.
Epictetus|It is much better to die of hunger unhindered by grief and fear than to live affluently beset with worry, dread, suspicion and unchecked desire.
Plutarch|Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.
Sigrid Undset, The Axe|God grant ... that he may learn to understand in time, that whoso is minded to do as he himself wills will soon enough see the day when he will find he has done that which he had never willed.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|You were not just blessed for yourself,your were blessed to be a blessing toothers.
Marc Allen, The Millionaire Course: A Visionary Plan for Creating the Life of Your Dreams|The greatest solution of all is to live and work in partnership with yourself, your family and friends, your work and community, your nation, your world, nature, and spirit.
Voltaire, Candide and The Maid of Orleans|Wisdom must yield to superstition's rules,Who arms with bigot zeal the hand of fools.
H.M. Ward, The Arrangement 8: The Ferro Family|I don't know what to say to fill the silence. I don't know how to fix this. It seems wrong to leave him, but I have to. There's no compromise, no alternative. Things just weren't meant to be, which seems like a pansy-ass thing to say, until it happens to you.
Randall Jarrell, The Complete Poems|I see at last that all the knowledgeI wrung from the darkness—that the darkness flung me—Is worthless as ignorance: nothing comes from nothing,The darkness from the darkness. Pain comes from the darknessAnd we call it wisdom. It is pain.
Langston Hughes|Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
Jim Berg, Changed Into His Image|Wisdom is not having God's perspective of the whole matter before us, but having God's perspective about what next response will honor Him while keeping us still usable to Him.
Jayson Engay|We always need a motivation, in order for us to meet our full potential at work.
Anonymous|A spoon does not know the taste of soup, nor a learned fool the taste of wisdom.
JJ Matebesi|People who actually have good advice seldom give it voluntarily, instead others seek them out for it. They do not shove it down people's throats just to boost their exaggerated sense of importance.
Kelly Williams Brown, Adulting: How to Become a Grown-up in 468 Easy(ish) Steps|Wise random strangers at bars are modern-day Oracles of Delphi, except drunk and sometimes leaving abruptly when it's their turn for karaoke.
Harry Truman|Selfishness and greed, individual or national, cause most of our troubles.
Leo Tolstoy|truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|If you are what you eat, you are what you see and hear.
Gautama Buddha|Yes, Kālāmas, it is proper that your have doubt, that you have perplexity, for a doubt has arisen in a matter which is doubtful. Now, look you Kālāmas, do not be led by reports, or traditions, or hearsay. Be not led by the authority of religious texts, not by the delight in speculative opinions, nor by seeming possibilities, not by the idea: 'this is our teacher'. But, O Kālāmas, when you know for yourself that certain things are unwholesome, and wrong, and bad, then give them up... And when you know for yourself that certain things are wholesome and good, then accept them and follow them.
Prem Rawat|We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.
Haim Shapira, על הדברים החשובים באמת|Between the natural way and the path of grace there is a deep abyss. It is in that gap that we live our lives as a giant struggle between good and evil, Satan and God, despair and love. Whenever despair wins, it is the natural way. Whenever love wins, it is a moment of grace. When love is victorious and defeats despair completely, you've reached the path of grace.
Anne Holm, I Am David|There's always something when you're at fault, too, and that fault you must discover and learn to recognize and take the consequences of it.
Anne Holm, I Am David|But Johannes had said, "Politeness is something you owe other people, because when you show a little courtesy, everything becomes easier and better. But first and foremost, it's something you owe yourself. You are David.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Morgoth's Ring|Indeed if fish had fish-lore and Wise-fish, it is probable that the business of anglers would be very little hindered.
Josh Billings|Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt of, not swallowed.
Cormac McCarthy, Cities of the Plain|You call forth the world which God has formed and that world only. Nor is this life of yours by which you set such store your doing, however you may choose to tell it. Its shape was forced in the void at the onset and all talk of what might otherwise have been is senseless for there is no otherwise. Of what could it be made? Where be hid? Or how make its appearance? The probability fo the actual is absolute. That we have no power to guess it out beforehand makes it no less certain. That we may imagine alternate histories means nothing at all.
Terry Pratchett|Anyone with half a mind could see that," said Tiffany.Miss Tick sighed. "Yes. But sometimes it's so hard to find half a mind when you need one.
Dejan Stojanovic|Entering a cell, penetrating deep as a flying saucer to find a new galaxy would be an honorable task for a new scientist interested more in the inner state of the soul than in outer space.
Megan  Webster|Seek out your superiors and learn from them. Do not hide nor shy away from them for the sake of your pride for true pride is perceived, not in perceived skill, but in improvement.
Newton Gatambia|A wise man is able to differentiate between humility and weakness, he does not mistake courage for pride.
Plato|The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.
Tyler Perry, Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings: Madea's Uninhibited Commentaries on Love and Life|...when you put on your shortest dress, please leave some mystery in it. That's the difference between a miniskirt and a ho-skirt. A ho-skirt shows your Frisbee. A miniskirt shows just enough to cause some mystery. What these young women lack is mystery.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|How will you go about finding that thing the nature of which is totally unknown to you?" (Plato) The things we want are transformative, and we don’t know or only think we know what is on the other side of that transformation. Love, wisdom, grace, inspiration- how do you go about finding these things that are in some ways about extending the boundaries of the self into unknown territory, about becoming someone else?
Gary L. Francione|Any serious social, political, and economic change must include veganism.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|We shouldn't have been so scornful; we should have had compassion. But compassion takes work, and we were young.
Gary L. Francione|Speciesism is morally objectionable because, like racism, sexism, and heterosexism, it links personhood with an irrelevant criterion. Those who reject speciesism are committed to rejecting racism, sexism, heterosexism, and other forms of discrimination as well.
Swami Vivekananda|The knowing ones must have pity on the ignorant.One who knows is willing to give up his body even for an ant,because he knows that the body is nothing.
Gary L. Francione|If we take the position that an assessment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism is not possible because we are all “on our own journey,” then moral assessment becomes completely impossible or is speciesist. It is impossible because if we are all “on our own journey,” then there is nothing to say to the racist, sexist, anti-semite, homophobe, etc. If we say that those forms of discrimination are morally bad, but, with respect to animals, we are all “on our own journey” and we cannot make moral assessments about, for instance, dairy consumption, then we are simply being speciesist and not applying the same moral analysis to nonhumans that we apply to the human context.
Gary L. Francione|The notion that we should promote “happy” or “humane” exploitation as “baby steps” ignores that welfare reforms do not result in providing significantly greater protection for animal interests; in fact, most of the time, animal welfare reforms do nothing more than make animal exploitation more economically productive by focusing on practices, such as gestation crates, the electrical stunning of chickens, or veal crates, that are economically inefficient in any event. Welfare reforms make animal exploitation more profitable by eliminating practices that are economically vulnerable. For the most part, those changes would happen anyway and in the absence of animal welfare campaigns precisely because they do rectify inefficiencies in the production process. And welfare reforms make the public more comfortable about animal exploitation. The “happy” meat/animal products movement is clear proof of that. We would never advocate for “humane” or "happy” human slavery, rape, genocide, etc. So, if we believe that animals matter morally and that they have an interest not only in not suffering but in continuing to exist, we should not be putting our time and energy into advocating for “humane” or “happy” animal exploitation.
Victor Hugo|Science says the first word on everything, and the last word on nothing.
Gary L. Francione|There are some animal advocates who say that to maintain that veganism is the moral baseline is objectionable because it is “judgmental,” or constitutes a judgment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism and a condemnation that vegetarians (or other consumers of animal products) are “bad” people. Yes to the first part; no to the second. There is no coherent distinction between flesh and other animal products. They are all the same and we cannot justify consuming any of them. To say that you do not eat flesh but that you eat dairy or eggs or whatever, or that you don’t wear fur but you wear leather or wool, is like saying that you eat the meat from spotted cows but not from brown cows; it makers no sense whatsoever. The supposed “line” between meat and everything else is just a fantasy–an arbitrary distinction that is made to enable some exploitation to be segmented off and regarded as “better” or as morally acceptable. This is not a condemnation of vegetarians who are not vegans; it is, however, a plea to those people to recognize their actions do not conform with a moral principle that they claim to accept and that all animal products are the result of imposing suffering and death on sentient beings. It is not a matter of judging individuals; it is, however, a matter of judging practices and institutions. And that is a necessary component of ethical living.
Gary L. Francione|We should never present flesh as somehow morally distinguishable from dairy. To the extent it is morally wrong to eat flesh, it is as morally wrong — and possibly more morally wrong — to consume dairy
Gary L. Francione|If we are ever going to see a paradigm shift, we have to be clear about how we want the present paradigm to shift.We must be clear that veganism is the unequivocal baseline of anything that deserves to be called an “animal rights” movement. If “animal rights” means anything, it means that we cannot morally justify any animal exploitation; we cannot justify creating animals as human resources, however “humane” that treatment may be.We must stop thinking that people will find veganism “daunting” and that we have to promote something less than veganism. If we explain the moral ideas and the arguments in favor of veganism clearly, people will understand. They may not all go vegan immediately; in fact, most won’t. But we should always be clear about the moral baseline. If someone wants to do less as an incremental matter, let that be her/his decision, and not something that we advise to do. The baseline should always be clear. We should never be promoting “happy” or “humane” exploitation as morally acceptable.
Gary L. Francione|An abolitionist is, as I have developed that notion, one who (1) maintains that we cannot justify animal use, however “humane” it may be; (2) rejects welfare campaigns that seek more “humane” exploitation, or single-issue campaigns that seek to portray one form of animal exploitation as morally worse than other forms of animal exploitation (e.g., a campaign that seeks to distinguish fur from wool or leather); and (3) regards veganism, or the complete rejection of the consumption or use of any animal products, as a moral baseline. An abolitionist regards creative, nonviolent vegan education as the primary form of activism, because she understands that the paradigm will not shift until we address demand and educate people to stop thinking of animals as things we eat, wear, or use as our resources.
Teresa R. Funke, Dancing in Combat Boots|I let all that anger and worry go because they don't belong to me any more than the future does. And I don't wanna feel them anyhow, because the truth is, whatever happens when this war ends, here and now, far from Richmond County, I'm freer than I've ever been.
Gary L. Francione|The rights paradigm, which, as I interpret it, morally requires the abolition of animal exploitation and requires veganism as a matter of fundamental justice, is radically different from the welfarist paradigm, which, in theory focuses on reducing suffering, and, in reality, focuses on tidying up animal exploitation at its economically inefficient edges. In science, those who subscribe to one paradigm are often unable to understand and engage those who subscribe to another paradigm precisely because the theoretical language that they use is not compatible.I think that the situation is similar in the context of the debate between animal rights and animal welfare. And that is why welfarists simply cannot understand or accept the slavery analogy.
John Paul II, Love and Responsibility|Limitation of one's freedom might seem to be something negative and unpleasant, but love makes it a positive, joyful and creative thing. Freedom exists for the sake of love.
Sarah Spann, Wildflowers Come Back|You got up off the bathroom floor. That’s a start. Now, just stay off the floor. After all—aside from winning the lottery—all any of us can ever really hope for is more days spent standing tall than spent in pieces on the floor.
Homer|Men grow tired of sleep, love, singing and dancing, sooner than war.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|Yes - en I's rich now, come to look at it. I owns myself, en I's wuth eight hund'd dollars. I wisht I had de money, I wouldn' want no mo'.
Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories|Children are the closest we have to wisdom, and they become adults the moment that final drop of everything mysterious is strained from them.
John Piper, Think: The Life of the Mind and the Love of God|The ultimate difference between God's wisdom and man's wisdom is how they relate to the glory of God's grace in Christ crucified. God's wisdom makes the glory of God's grace our supreme treasure. But man's wisdom delights in seeing himself as resourceful, self-sufficient, self determining, and not utterly dependent on God's free grace.
Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living|Patience is a natural consequence of the cultivation of compassion & love, for ourselves and all beings.
Murasaki Shikibu|Let us be sure that the lady of our choice possesses certain tangible qualities that we admire; and if in other ways she falls short of our ideal, we must be patient and call to mind those qualities that first induced us to begin our courting.
José Saramago, The Cave|Authoritarian, paralyzing, circular, occasionally elliptical stock phrases, also jocularly referred to as nuggets of wisdom, are a malignant plague, one of the very worst ever to ravage the earth.
John Holt, Instead of Education: Ways to Help People Do Things Better|Only to the degree that people have what they need, that they are healthy and unafraid, that their lives are varied, interesting, meaningful, productive, joyous, can we begin to judge, or even guess, their nature. Few people, adults or children, now live such lives.
John Rosemond, A Family of Value|The essence of successful discipline is not technique; rather, it is self-confidence.
Emil M. Cioran, On the Heights of Despair|I hate wise men because they are lazy, cowardly, and prudent. To the philosophers' equanimity, which makes them indifferent to both pleasure and pain, I prefer devouring passions. The sage knows neither the tragedy of passion, nor the fear of death, nor risk and enthusiasm, nor barbaric, grotesque, or sublime heroism. He talks in proverbs and gives advice. He does not live, feel, desire, wait for anything. He levels down all the incongruities of life and then suffers the consequences. So much more complex is the man who suffers from limitless anxiety. The wise man's life is empty and sterile, for it is free from contradiction and despair. An existence full of irreconcilable contradictions is so much richer and creative. The wise man's resignation springs from inner void, not inner fire. I would rather die of fire than of void.
John Calvin|men are undoubtedly more in danger from prosperity than from adversity. for when matters go smoothly, they flatter themselves, and are intoxicated by their success
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|If it's knowledge and wisdom you want, then seek out the company of those who do real work for an honest purpose.
Sun Tzu|One hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the most skillful, subduing the other's military without battle is the most skillful.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals|We are unknown to ourselves, we men of knowledge - and with good reason. We have never sought ourselves - how could it happen that we should ever find ourselves? It has rightly been said: "Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also"; our treasure is where the beehives of our knowledge are.
Daisy Goodwin, The American Heiress|... anyone can acquire wealth, the real art is giving it away.
Théophile Gautier, Mademoiselle de Maupin|The years I have squandered in puerile excitement, in going hither and thither, in seeking to force nature and time, I ought to have spent in solitude and meditation, in endeavoring to make myself worthy of being loved.
Robert A.F. Thurman, Why the Dalai Lama Matters: His Act of Truth as the Solution for China, Tibet, and the World|Buddhism is all about science. If science is the systematic pursuit of the accurate knowledge of reality, then science is Buddhism, Buddhism is science.
Benjamin Franklin, The Way to Wealth|Vessels large may venture more, But little boats should keep near shore.
Michael Gruber, The Book of Air and Shadows|There are three kind of history. The first is what really happened and that is forever lost. The second is what most people thought happened, and we can recover that with assiduous effort. The third is what the people in power wanted the future to think happened and that is 90 percent of the history in books.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|I was headed for an entire life spent alone, pitying myself for not being more, ignoring all those people who actually ask me to be more, because they see it in me.
Hermann Hesse, The Fairy Tales of Hermann Hesse|He brooded on how close destruction always was to all creatures, animals as well as humans, and he realized that there is nothing we can predict or know for certain in this world except death.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|The dead to the grave, the living to the loaf.
Georges Clémenceau|L'homme qui n'a pas été anarchiste à seize ans est un imbécile. Mais c'en est un autre, s'il l'est encore à quarante.
Russell Lynes|the only graceful way to accept an insult is to ignore it; if you cant ignore it, top it; if you cant top it, laugh at it; if you cant laugh at it, its probably deserved
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Es decir..., lo que yo creo es que el hombre piensa en el significado de la vida porque sabe con certeza que va morir algún día. (...) Nadie sabe lo que va a ocurrir. Por eso nosotros, para evolucionar necesitamos la muerte.
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|One thing, all things: move among and intermingle, without distinction. To live in this realization is to be without anxiety about non-perfection. To live in this faith is the road to non-duality, because the non-dual is one with the trusting mind.
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|For the unified mind in accord with the Way all self-centered striving ceases. Doubts and irresolutions vanish and life in true faith is possible. With a single stroke we are freed from bondage; nothing clings to us and we hold nothing. All is empty, clear, self-illuminating, with no exertion of the mind's power.
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|When thought is in bondage the truth is hidden, for everything is murky and unclear, and the burdensome practice of judging brings annoyance and weariness. What benefit can be derived from distinctions and separations?
Michael Ende|One may enter the literary parlor via just about any door, be it the prison door, the madhouse door, or the brothel door. There is but one door one may not enter it through, which is the child room door. The critics will never forgive you such. The great Rudyard Kipling is one of a number of people to have suffered from this. I keep wondering to myself what this peculiar contempt towards anything related to childhood is all about.
L. Ron Hubbard|Stress the right of the individual to select only what he desires to know, to use any knowledge as he wishes, that he himself owns what he has learned.
Chaim Potok|...a blink of an eye in itself is nothing. But the eye that blinks, that is something.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|How can you be one of the stars of heaven, when the stars are innumerable? What star number do you have?
Andre Jordan|‎your first thought would send the power of Quantum physics into a hive of activity. your first thought, would inevitably become the destiny of the day
William Edward Hartpole Lecky, The Map of Life, Conduct, and Character|That vice has often proved an emancipator of the mind, is one of the most humiliating, but, at the same time, one of the most unquestionable facts in history.
Santosh Kalwar|I have more wisdom than any books ever written in history of times, any scripture ever written which you rhyme but this is not my purpose.
Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson|I'll not go where there is any of that sort of thing going on, again. It's the sure way, and the only sure way;
Patricia Grasso, Courting an Angel|How does a woman gain such wisdom in only twenty-nine years?” Gordon asked, escorting her across the lawns toward the mansion.“The same way a man does."“Which is?"Lady Keely cast him an ambiguous smile. “Either you are born with wisdom, my lord, or you make dowithout it...
Patrick White, Three Uneasy Pieces|I would like to believe in the myth that we grow wiser with age. In a sense my disbelief is wisdom. Those of a middle generation, if charitable or sentimental, subscribe to the wisdom myth, while the callous see us as dispensable objects, like broken furniture or dead flowers. For the young we scarcely exist unless we are unavoidable members of the same family, farting, slobbering, perpetually mislaying teeth and bifocals.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|King Solomon's life reminds meof wisdom, wealth, women, woes.
Seneca|Huius (sapientis) opus unum est de divinis humanisque verum invenire; ab hac numquam recedit religio, pietas, iustitia ...
Francis Quarles|Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.
Ina May Gaskin, Ina May's Guide to Childbirth|It would be a mistake, though, to consider care by family doctors or midwives inferior to that offered by obstetricians simply on the grounds that obstetricians need not refer care to a family physician or midwife if no complications develop during a course of labor.
Gertrude Bell|...the holy men sat in an atmospherereeking of antiquity, so thick with thedust of ages that you can't see through it--nor can they.
John Kenneth Galbraith, The Great Crash of 1929|Wisdom, itself, is often an abstraction associated not with fact or reality but with the man who asserts it and the manner of its assertion.
Voltaire|You despise books; you whose lives are absorbed in the vanities of ambition, the pursuit of pleasure or indolence; but remember that all the known world, excepting only savage nations, is governed by books.
Confucius, Gespräche|Wenn man noch nicht das Leben kennt, wie sollte man den Tod kennen.
Confucius, Gespräche|Wenn man noch nicht den Menschen dienen kann, wie sollte man den Geistern dienen können?
William Shakespeare|There are occasions and causes, why and wherefore in all things.
François-René de Chateaubriand|Si quelques heures font une grande différence dans le cœur de l’homme, faut-il s’en étonner ? Il n’y a qu’une minute de la vie à la mort.
Sophocles|Prefiero, señor, obrar bien y fracasar, antes que triunfar con malas artes.Palabras de Neoptólemo a Odiseo, en la tragedia griega Filoctetes.
Christopher Rice|... dançava para si mesmo, um homem nu entre cegos...
Kim Stanley Robinson, Green Mars|The vaunted experience of age was perhaps only a matter of wounds and scarring -- that young minds to old minds might be as young bodies to old bodies: stronger, more vital, less twisted by damage.
Sorin Cerin|The ending can only start with the beginning and end with self estrangement, as to become once again his own/old self. This is why every man is a continuous ending. 
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|When one feels oneself smitten by love for a woman, one ought to say to oneself, “What are her surroundings? What has been her life? All one’s future happiness lies in the answer.
Krystal Sutherland, Our Chemical Hearts|I can’t lie to you and tell you that standing in front of someone and offering them your soul and having them reject you is not gonna be one of the worst things that ever happens to you. You will wonder for days or weeks or months or years afterward what it is about you that was so wrong or broken or ugly that they couldn’t love you the way you loved them. You will look for all the reasons inside yourself that they didn’t want you and you will find a million.Maybe it was the way you looked in the mornings when you first woke up and hadn’t showered. Maybe it was the way you were too available, because despite what everyone says, playing hard to get is still attractive.Some days you will believe that every atom of your being is defective somehow. What you need to remember, as I remembered as I watched Grace Town leave, is that you are extraordinary.
Criss Jami|Never marry when under the guise you need to 'see if it'll work', but rather marry because in your mind you want to make it work.
Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World|Whether we walk among our people or alone among the hills, happiness in life's walking depends on how we feel about others in our hearts.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Accept the past as the past and realize that each new day you are a new person who doesn’t need to carry old baggage into the new day with you. It’s amazing how many people ruin the beauty of today with the sorrows of yesterday. Yesterday doesn’t exist anymore! For example, if ever I feel foolish or guilty about something I’ve done, I learn from it and attempt to do better the next time. Shame or guilt serves no one. Such feelings actually keep us down, often lowering the vibrations of those around us, as well. Living in the present moment is the recurring baptism of the soul, forever purifying every new day with a new you.
Jayson Engay|Remember that we're living in a place that is temporary. No matter what you believe in the end of time I don't care about it. As of now.. live your life, cut those negative thoughts and actions, reach your dreams and goals.
Kelly    Martin, When Everyone Shines But You - Saying Goodbye To I'm Not Good Enough|You are conditioned to believe that if you let go, if you surrender, you will either be a victim of circumstances and not assertive in your own being, or you will be viewed as being lazy, lacking in willpower, and un-motivated.Yet will and power cannot exist alongside one another. Motivation does not come into question when you surrender fully into the present moment. Motivation to do, to take action, to make moves, comes naturally from this surrender.
Jayson Engay|People keeps on complaining, but they're not doing anything about the things that they're complaining about.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Avoid selling to dumb customers, there aren't enough left!
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|If wine is the enemy of religion, I shall devour the enemy of religion.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|The function of a nutrient is to become transmuted, not to leave unaltered traces.
Belsebuub, Gazing into the Eternal: Reflections upon a Deeper Purpose to Living|Wisdom is not increased by acquiring more information, but by increasing the capacity of seeing.
Belsebuub|There is a knowledge that is beyond the mind and the intellect, it is the wisdom of consciousness.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|As Hegel said, tragedy was not the conflict between right and wrong but right and right, a dilemma none of us who wanted to participate in history could escape. The major had the right to live, and I was right to kill him. Wasn't I?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|O Heavenly Children, the stories you have concocted in God's name have angered Him; for he would never instigate war between brothers, or encourage tribes to harbor resentment towards one another. He prefers the man who loves over the one who hates. And the man who spreads kindness, peace and knowledge, over the one who spreads lies, fear and terror — and misuses His name.
Nando Parrado, Miracle in the Andes|I am no wise man. Every day shows me how little I know about life, and how wrong I can be. But there are things I know to be true. I know I will die. And I know that the only sane response to such a horror is to love.
Nando Parrado, Miracle in the Andes|I have suffered great losses and have been blessed with great consolations, but whatever life may give me or take away, this is the simple wisdom that will always light my life: I have loved, passionately, fearlessly, with all my heart and all my soul, and I have been loved in return. For me, this is enough.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|What's so magical about solitude? In many fields, Ericsson told me, it's only when you're alone that you can engage in Deliberate Practice, which he has identified as the key to exceptional achievement. When you practice deliberately, you identify the tasks or knowledge that are just out of your reach, strive to upgrade your performance, monitor your progress, and revise accordingly. Practice sessions that fall short of this standard are not only less useful - they're counterproductive. They reinforce existing cognitive mechanisms instead of improving them.
Alice Clayton, Wallbanger|Always take a compliment, Caroline. Always take it for the way it was intended. You girls are always so quick to twist what others say. Simply say thank you and move on.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|I've come to the point where I never feel the need to stop and evaluate whether or not I am happy. I'm just 'being', and without question, by default, it works.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|You can't be a rebel without the scars that come with it. Truth is, some days scars are just as ugly as they are beautiful.
Shannon L. Alder|Your actions will always be what the world sees, but people who choose to see through God's eyes will always have the compassion to understand why.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|The heart that gives, gathers.
Chris Crutcher, King of the Mild Frontier: An Ill-Advised Autobiography|There is no Jesus without Judas, no Martin Luther King, Jr., without the Klan; no Ali without Joe Frazier; no freedom without tyranny. No wisdom exists that does not include perspective. Relativity is the greatest gift.
Confucius, The Analects|Am I a man of great wisdom? Hardly! Even when a simple person brings me a question, my mind goes utterly blank, I just thrash it out until I’ve exhausted every possibility.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It's simple, it's not that simple; or life is simple, but the things in it are not. When a man does not understand it, he tends to inflate it. When he does, he tends to deflate it. In the end, neither images are fully accurate.
Marcel Proust|We do not receive wisdom, we must discover it for ourselves, after a journey through the wilderness which no one else can make for us, which no one else can spare us, for our wisdom is the point of view from which we come at last to regard the world. The lives that you admire, the attitudes that seem noble to you, have not been shaped by paterfamilias or a schoolmaster, they have sprung from very different beginnings, having been influenced by everything evil or commonplace that prevailed round about them. They represent a struggle and a victory. I can see that picture of what we were at an earlier stage may not be recognisable and cannot, certainly, be pleasing to contemplate in later life. But we must not repudiate it, for it is a proof that we have really lived, that it is in accordance with the laws of life and of the mind that we have, from the common elements of life, of the life of studios, of artistic groups—assuming one is a painter—extracted something that transcends them.
Craig Groeschel, The Christian Atheist: Believing in God but Living As If He Doesn't Exist|Love keeps no record of wrongs, but bitterness keeps detailed accounts.
M.K. Clinton, The Returns|If believing were simple, then this world wouldn’t be in the mess that it is today.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Never rebel for the sake of rebelling, but always rebel for the sake of truth.
Sandra Chami Kassis|People often speak of hell, not wanting to go there, avoiding it..etc. I never had that problem because hell is a state of mind. Look around you; rape, murder, wars, hatred, envy...my friend; you're already there!!
Israelmore Ayivor|When you optimize your talents very well, you can pick money from people's pockets and nobody will ever get the guts to call you a thief.
Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams|My father used to tell me that stories offer the listener a chance to escape but, more importantly, he said, they provide people with a chance to maximize their minds. Suspend ordinary constraints, allow the imagination to be freed, and we are charged with the capability of heighetned thought.Learn to use your eyes as if they are your ears, he said, and you become connected with the ancient heritage of man, a dream world for the waking mind.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing!Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly,& Sharing the success with all!
Rob Liano|When people say "If I only knew then what I know now" makes me wonder why they aren't using that wisdom now.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|When you practice leadership,The evidence of quality of your leadership, Is known from the type of leaders that emerge out of your leadership
Zarina Bibi|A Sufi will say – Everything is beautiful, even the dirt that clings beneath my feet.
E.D.E.N. Southworth, Capitola's Peril|There is some advantage in having imagination, since that visionary faculty opens the mental eyes to facts that more practical and duller intellects could never see.
William Arnot, Studies in Proverbs: Laws from Heaven for Life on Earth|A people religiously right, will not long remain politically wrong.
Evinda Lepins, Back to Single|Knowledge unlocks the door to the mysteries of our mistakes; wisdom guides us away from repeating them". HS/el
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best...For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever, A battle for the rest..
Osiri Wisdom|Wisdom is indispensable in the fulfillment of purpose".
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Travel Moulds A Man,People Mould His Wisdom And Experiences Mould His LIFE...!
Mehmet Murat ildan|If everyone bows in front of your wisdom, your greatest wisdom will be to tell them not to bow!
V. Pain|Fish for a man, he'll eat for a day, don't teach him to de-bone that fish, You may not have to worry about him tomorrow!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without living the most chaotic internal storms, you can’t get the calmness of the wisdom! Wisdom is the child of the storm.
Alasdair Gray, Poor Things|Baxter knows a lot more than I do, I told her.Yes, said Baxter, but I will never tell people all of it.
Kathryn  Hall, Plant Whatever Brings You Joy: Blessed Wisdom from the Garden|Gently guide the tender vine else it become wild, tangled and impossible.
Trent Zelazny|Art is art. You can take it or leave it. Liking it or not liking it does not make you a better person, and who you like or dislike results in the same thing.
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|Cara: I used to believe everything my brother told me, because he was older and I figured he knew more about the world. But as it turns out, being a grown-up doesn't mean you're fearless. It just means you fear different things.
Robert M. Price|Whatever can be threatened, whatever can be shaken, whatever you fear cannot stand, is destined to crash. Do not go down with the ship. Let that which is destined to become the past slip away. Believe that the real you is that which beckons from the future. If it is a sadder you, it will be a wiser one. And dawn will follow the darkness sooner or later. Rebirth can never come without death.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|Yesterday I was clever,That is why I wanted to change the world.Today I am wise,That is why I am changing myself.
Marilynne Robinson|To recognize our bias toward error should teach us modesty and reflection, and to forgive it should help us avoid the inhumanity of thinking we ourselves are not as fallible as those who, in any instance, seem most at fault. Science can give us knowledge, but it cannot give us wisdom. Nor can religion, until it puts aside nonsense and distraction and becomes itself again.
Horace Walpole|In science, mistakes always precede the truth.
Mollie Marti|Mastery is the breeding ground of fresh, creative passion.
Andrew Carnegie|This, then, is held to be the duty of the man of wealth: To set an example of modest, unostentatious living, shunning display or extravagance; to provide moderately for the legitimate wants of those dependent on him; and, after doing so, to consider all surplus revenues which come to him simply as trust funds, which he is called upon to administer, and strictly bound as a matter of duty to administer in the manner which, in his judgement, is best calculated to produce the most beneficial results for the community--the man of wealth thus becoming the mere trustee and agent for his poorer brethren, bringing to their service his superior wisdom, experience, and ability to administer, doing for them better than they would or could do for themselves.
Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl|If she could no longer be called beautiful, she possessed something better-a knowledge of beauty; it’s inflated value, it’s inevitable loss.
Kevis Hendrickson|Magic is a dangerous thing, child. It isn’t something to use lightly.
Чудомир|Ако животните имаха разум, те също биха вършили глупости като хората.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|There was a considerable difference between the ages of my parents, but this circumstance seemed to unite them only closer in bonds of devoted affection.
Vernon D. Burns|I consider myself a green party supporter...because green represents my favorite color other than clear. And I met a guy who was running for the green party this one time, and he seemed like he had a great head on his shoulders for a homeless guy.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|If you boil it down, just because someone else does the wrong thing we are not exempt from doing what’s right.
Tyler Perry, Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings: Madea's Uninhibited Commentaries on Love and Life|My friend Madea has "attitude" that comes with wisdom. Back in our teens and twenties, we thought we knew everything and made all those foolish mistakes. Then, when we got a little older, at thirty, we started getting these flashes of light, revelations of what a great and lucky thing it is that we didn't get caught doing those stupid things back then. Around forty, if we are lucky, we stop lying to ourselves. Fifty and above, we've run out of patience for foolishness. Take me to the bottom line.
Anne Holm, I Am David|Johannes had once said that violence and cruelty were just a stupid person's way of making himself felt, because it was easer to use your hands to strike a blow than to use your brain to find a logical and just solution to the problem.
Jacques Philippe, Searching for and Maintaining Peace: A Small Treatise on Peace of Heart|In order to resist fear and discouragement, it is necessary that through prayer - through a personal experience of God re-encountered, recognized and loved in prayer - we taste and see how good the Lord is (Psalm 34).
Pablo|It makes no sense to compare yourself with others because there will always be better & worse people than you out there. Each person has his own path to make. You are where you are now. Could you reach for the stars & have everything you want? realistically no. You may not win Olympic Gold in London 2012 , or be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company etc but you most definitely have the capacity to make YOUR life as the Masterpiece it could really be. The choice is yours...
Sandra Chami Kassis|In the dark , everything is scary
Pablo|Don't worry much about the after-life, Just like you don't worry about your before-Life. Worry (and be grateful) about THIS life. This one DOES count
Mehmet Murat ildan|On the road to wisdom, behave like a raven and observe everything carefully!
Cheryl Hamada|Listen with your heart, listen to your inner voice of wisdom, listen to your dreams. You know what is right for you.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the wisdom speaks, be quite and listen! When the stupidity speaks, stand up and leave!
Tahir Shah, Travels With Myself|Once in a very long time you come across a book that is far, far more than the ink, the glue and the paper, a book that seeps into your blood. With such a book the impact isn't necessarily obvious at first...but the more you read it and re-read it, and live with it, and travel with it, the more it speaks to you, and the more you realize that you cannot live without that book. It's then that the wisdom hidden inside, the seed, is passed on.
Anne Holm|For a moment David was tempted to think that perhaps there were no good people at all outside concentration camps, but then he reminded himself of the sailor and Angelo and the English people who might have been ignorant but were certainly not bad.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Create a wisdom and share it with others; in return, don’t wait for anything, not even a simple thanks, because expecting something in return does not belong to the wisdom!
Carlos Castañeda, The Teachings of Don Juan: A Yaqui Way of Knowledge|Seek and see all the marvels around you. You will get tired of looking at yourself alone, and that fatigue will make you deaf and blind to everything else. - Don Juan
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|The world is fairly studded and strewn with pennies cast broadside by a generous hand. But- and this is the point- who gets excited by a mere penny? But if you cultivate a healthy poverty and simplicity, so that finding a penny will literally make your day, then, since the world is in fact planted in pennies, you have with your poverty bought a lifetime of days.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|If you succeed in judging yourself rightly, then you are indeed a man of true wisdom.
Annie Dillard, For the Time Being|There are 1,198,500,000 people alive now in China. To get a feel for what that means, simply take yourself - in all your singularity, importance, complexity, and love - and multiply by 1,198,500,000. See? Nothing to it.
George Orwell|At any given moment there is an orthodoxy, a body of ideas of which it is assumed that all right-thinking people will accept without question. It is not exactly forbidden to say this, that or the other, but it is “not done” to say it… Anyone who challenges the prevailing orthodoxy finds himself silenced with surprising effectiveness. A genuinely unfashionable opinion is almost never given a fair hearing, either in the popular press or in the high-brow periodicals.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|Head knowledge is worthless, unless accompanied by submission of the will and right action.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Wisdom is nothing more than the marriage of intelligence and compassion.And, as with all good unions, it takes much experience and time to reach its widest potential.Have you introduced your intellect to your compassion yet? Be careful; lately, intellect has taken to eating in front of the TV and compassion has taken in too many cats.
Luther E. Vann, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|The greater puzzle of universal wisdom and beauty that we have strived to honor through our work includes the profound legacies of world artistic and spiritual traditions, the innate integrity of human communities where people seek to live in social harmony, and that regenerative stream of life sustained upon the earth itself as it spins through the cosmos to the music of the spheres.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|At the time of Lewis and Clark, setting the prairies on fire was a well-known signal that meant, ‘Come down to the water.’ It was an extravagant gesture, but we can’t do less. If the landscape reveals one certainty, it is that the extravagant gesture is the very stuff of creation. After the extravagant gesture of creation in the first place, the universe has continued to deal exclusively in extravagances, flinging intricacies and colossi down aeons of emptiness, heaping profusions on profligacies with ever fresh vigor. The whole show has been on fire from the word go. I come down to the water to cool my eyes. But everywhere I look, I see fire: that which isn’t flint is tinder, and the whole world sparks and flames.
Mark Twain, Roughing It, Vol 1|So I learned then, that gold in it's native state is but dull, unornamental stuff, and that only low-born metals excite the admiration of the ignorant with an ostentatious glitter. However, like the rest of the world, I still go underrating men of gold and glorifying men of mica. Commonplace human nature cannot rise above that.
Chanctetinyea J.J. Ouellette|What sets humans apart from animals is that we have to walk around saying how smart we are, and animals just live their lives.
Immaculée Ilibagiza, Left to Tell: Discovering God Amidst the Rwandan Holocaust|Author says her father was so diplomatic that when people came to him for solutions, people not only accepted them, but they believed they thought of them.
Randolph Bourne|Really to believe in human nature while striving to know the thousand forces that warp it from its ideal development-to call for and expect much from men and women, and not to be disappointed and embittered if they fall short- to try to do good with people rather than to them- this is my religion on its human side. And if God exists, I think that he must be in the warm sun, in the kindly actions of the people we know and read of, in the beautiful things of art and nature, and in the closeness of friendships.
Kent Allan Rees, Molly Withers and the Golden Tree|Unless you want a horrible surprise, never go bird watching with an open mouth.
John Paul II, Love and Responsibility|Take away from love the fullness of self surrender, the completeness of personal commitment, and what remains will be a total denial and negation of it.
Hazrat Inayat Khan|Love is the divine Mother's arms; when those arms are spread, every soul falls into them.The Sufis of all ages have been known for their beautiful personality. It does not mean that among them there have not been people with great powers, wonderful powers and wisdom. But beyond all that, what is most known of the Sufis is the human side of their nature: that tact which attuned them to wise and foolish, to poor and rich, to strong and weak -- to all. They met everyone on his own plane, they spoke to everyone in his own language. What did Jesus teach when he said to the fishermen, 'Come hither, I will make you fishers of men?' It did not mean, 'I will teach you ways by which you get the best of man.' It only meant: your tact, your sympathy will spread its arms before every soul who comes, as mother's arms are spread out for her little ones.
Charles Kingsley, The Water Babies|Did not learned men, too, hold, till within the last twenty-five years, that a flying dragon was an impossible monster? And do we not now know that there are hundreds of them found fossil up and down the world? People call them Pterodactyles: but that is only because they are ashamed to call them flying dragons, after denying so long that flying dragons could exist.
J.B.S. Haldane, Possible Worlds|I have no doubt that in reality the future will be vastly more surprising than anything I can imagine. Now my own suspicion is that the Universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose.
Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living|Understanding the true nature of things, or seeing things as they really are, is the ground of wisdom.
Emil M. Cioran, Oeuvres|Il ne fait aucun doute pour moi que la sagesse est le but principal de la vie et c'est pourquoi je reviens toujours aux stoïciens. Ils ont atteint la sagesse, on ne peut donc plus les appeler des philosophes au sens propre du terme. De mon point de vue, la sagesse est le terme naturel de la philosophie, sa fin dans les deux sens du mot. Une philosophie finit en sagesse et par là même disparaît.
Don Richard Riso|The testimony of the greatest humans who have ever lived is that the way to make the most of ourselves is by transcending ourselves. We must learn to move beyond self-centeredness to make room within ourselves for others. When you transcend yourself, the fact will be confirmed by the quality of your life. We will attain – even if only momentarily – a transparency and a radiance of being which results from living both within and beyond yourself. This is the promise and the excitement of self-understanding.
Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living|Peace can be found within, no matter the external circumstances.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|Tout bonheur est un chef-d'oeuvre: la moindre erreur le fausse, la moindre hésitation l'altère, la moindre lourder le dépare, la moindre sottise l'abêtit.
Frans G. Bengtsson, The Long Ships|A wise man, once he is past fifty, does not befuddle his senses with strong drink, nor make violent love in the cool spring night, nor dance on his hands.
Francis Assikinack|In my opinion, it was chiefly owing to their deep contemplation in their silent retreats in the days of youth that the old Indian orators acquired the habit of carefully arranging their thoughts.They listened to the warbling of birds and noted the grandeur and the beauties of the forest. The majestic clouds—which appear like mountains of granite floating in the air—the golden tints of a summer evening sky, and the changes of nature, possessed a mysterious significance.All of this combined to furnish ample matter for reflection to the contemplating youth.
Yasmina Khadra|You can know all there is to know about life and mankind, but what do you really know about yourself?
Meseret Geneti|Those who want to buy wisdom remain with out wisdom, because money buys nothing except commodities.
Richard Finney, Demon Days: Angel of Light|A lizard brain fired the gun that wounded you, but it was the combination of three brains that orchestrated the elaborate circumstances in which the trigger was pulled. Way back when, the Landlord believed a second brain would endow some of his lower life forms with the capacity for emotional connections. By adding the third brain, he probably planned on having his... higher forms empowered with the ability to not only think before acting, but to feel regret afterwards when their actions were wrong. But that’s not what happened, is it?
Shmuel HaNagid|You Who'd be Wise" from "Ben Mishle" written sometime between 1013 and 1050 C.E.You who'd be wiseshould inquire into the nature of justice and evilfrom your teachers,seekers like yourself, and the studentswho question your answer.
Giovanni della Casa|A man must...not be content to do things well, but must also aim to do them gracefully.
Holly Bennett, Shapeshifter|...they say [Finn] has tasted the Nuts of Wisdom." Elatha laughed. "Perhaps the Nuts of Wisdom will gird him against your sister.
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|The Great Way is not difficult for those who have no preferences. When love and hate are both absent everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the smallest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth then hold no opinion for or against. The struggle of what one likes and what one dislikes is the disease of the mind.
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|To live in the Great Way is neither easy nor difficult, but those with limited views are fearful and irresolute: the faster they hurry, the slower they go, and clinging cannot be limited: even to be attached to the idea of enlightenment is to go astray. Just let things be in their own way and there will be neither coming nor going. Obey the nature of things (your own nature), and you will walk freely and undisturbed.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|For the future, I shall rely only upon those elements of my character which I have tested. Who would ever have said that I should find pleasure in shedding tears? That I should love the man who proves to me that I am nothing more than a fool?
Jan Kochanowski|Cieszy mię ten rym: „Polak mądr po szkodzie”;Lecz jeśli prawda i z tego nas zbodzie,Nową przypowieść Polak sobie kupi,Że i przed szkodą, i po szkodzie głupi.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|In not only the physical science, but in the real mental silence, the wisdom dawns. (75)
Francis Bacon|Crafty men condemn studies; Simple men admire them; And wise men use them: For they teach not their own use: but that is a wisdom without them, and above them, won by observation.
Rahman Baba, The Poetry of Rahman Baba: Poet of the Pakhtuns|If the partridge didn't call at the wrong moment, Neither the hunter nor the falcon would know of it. It follows from this point also, That everyone's voice betrays him.
Janaki Sooriyarachchi, Finbo|Of course, being brave does not mean running towards danger.
Orson Scott Card, Hart's Hope|Fatherhood to us was an act of passion, soon forgot; but not to Orem ap Avonap. Never guessing that the blond and happy farmer was no blood of his, Orem had taken a part of that simple man into himself and saved it for this time. At any time in the Palace he might run by, Youth on this shoulders or, as time went by, toddling along behind.
Jennifer Melzer, The Goblin Market|Even a wise man knows doubt from time to time, it is the fool who allows it to rule his judgement.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|Each coil has the earthquake which created it, as every death has the life that gave birth to it.
Dan Buettner, Thrive: Finding Happiness the Blue Zones Way|A doctor may know more than a peasant, but a peasant and a doctor know more together.
Sarah Palin|Common sense tells us that the government's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones. Common sense also tells us that a top-down, one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|Is the sunrise superior just because it goes before the sunset with a day and sunset goes before the sunrise with a night? Could there be day without night and sunrise without sunset, life without death?
John A. Widtsoe, Rational Theology|It is the business of man to become acquainted with the material universe in all of its manifestations, so far as may be possible, in order to provide a foundation of knowledge on which the reasoning mind of man may increasingly build.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|Even the snow melts, let alone the frugal regards of a soul confident in its own eternity.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|One of the disadwantages of school and learning, he thought dreamily, was that the mind seemed to have the tendency too see and represent all things as though they were flat and had only two dimensions. This, somehow, seemed to render all matters of intellect shallow and worthless...
Aijaz Ahmad|Normalization takes place not because there is Western-ideology that normalizes third-world texts in any special way (other than the usual play with exoticism) but because this academic seeks to domesticate everything, even Marx.
Alexander McCall Smith, La's Orchestra Saves the World|Go to any small village anywhere in the world, and see what they remember. Everything. It's all there -- passed on like a precious piece of information, some secret imparted from one who knew to one who yearns to know. Taken good care of.
Kahlil Gibran|Ihr redet, wenn ihr aufhört mit euren Gedanken in Frieden zu sein.
Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control|This is the best possible way to retain important details that you wish to remember in any unified field of knowledge, whether it be the field of economics, science, history, or any other--link them up with related items which you already know or wouldn't mind knowing.
Johnathan Cainer|Before big bridges, deep tunnels and the advent of health and safety regulations, there were many ways to cross rivers. They would use rowing boats, rickety rafts or in the absence of a vessel, swim or wade. Everyone knew what a stepping-stone was. They all understood that it was not something that you would want to stand on for any length of time. It was a means to an end, an important point and a route from A to B.
Sorin Cerin|Without the absolute truth, to know the truth value of our own existence is beyond our strengths/limits/possibilities. 
Duff Brenna, The Altar of the Body: A Novel|She had stayed home and worked hard and a posthumous recognition had eventually followed. Not that Buck hadn't worked hard, sure he did, but in the end the body won't hold up as a work of art.
Sorin Cerin|We are certainly descendents of the sea for our tears are salted and when we shed them on the jowl of time, the sea that has always been within us flows on our face. 
Kahlil Gibran|Wenn [der Lehrer] wirklich weise ist, fordert er euch nicht auf, ins Haus seiner Weisheit einzutreten, sondern führt euch an die Schwelle eures eigenen Geistes.
Mahabharata. Bhagavadgita. English.|Weisheit kann Angst nicht bannen, Angst jedoch kann Weisheit bannen.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The only way to heal is to help others heal, and the only way to find love and keep love in our lives is to give it to others.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., The Pursuit of Dreams: Claim Your Power, Follow Your Heart, and Fulfill Your Destiny|When your pockets are empty, go where your heart is full.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|If you cannot find a reason to be grateful for today, be grateful for you have the sky.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The most tragic and deviant behaviour of all is that we live our lives like we will never die, and nonetheless we never live at all.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The reason why we get the same partners is not because people are the same, but because we pull the dark shadow of past hurts over our eyes and we live the same all over again. We change the actors, but never the masks we give them in our play.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|In moments of great change we suffer, somehow hoping deep down that our emotions and our dramas can change the future or prevent it from happening. Future happens regardless.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|It's always your assumptions about you, about others, about future that make reality worse than it actually is.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|In the pursuit of dreams, we all have different beginnings. Your past is not negotiable. You must let go of the hope for a better past.
Annie Kagan, The Afterlife of Billy Fingers: How My Bad-Boy Brother Proved to Me There's Life After Death|How noble is the journey of each human being, from Divine to dust and back again. How brave to enter a body and dance the dance of existence only to lose everything imagined to be true in the moment of death.
Life Advancer|If it doesn't open, it's not your door
Good Life Quotes|I didn't change, I just found myself.
Coco Chanel|If you're sad, add more lipstick and attack!
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|Don't trust your head, Samwise, it is not the best part of you.
Toni Sorenson|Focus on the win and you lose the battle, focus on the battle and you win.
Charbel Tadros|There is no real distinction between who can and cannot be a teacher. All that matters is that this person should have knowledge of the subject matter, empathy and compassion with others, and, above all, a great sense of humor which is the true mark of wisdom.
Charbel Tadros|To get a true education, going to school is not enough. School helps students gain knowledge; however, true education is in gaining wisdom, which can only be earned with experience.
Charbel Tadros|A true leader should have the power to begin, the eloquence to communicate, the patience to execute and the wisdom to evaluate. Without one, he remains a slave to he who possesses it.
Charbel Tadros|Anyone can put a price on knowledge - schools and universities do it all the time, but no one can put a price on wisdom for it can neither be bought nor sold. It should be given and accepted with no ulterior motives.
Charbel Tadros|Wise people offer their wisdom for free and accept all gifts, for they know that the universe is not giving them gifts, but tools they will need on their road to wisdom.
Charbel Tadros|It is an insult to a wise person when his motives for guiding are questioned. However, he understands that people aren’t used to free gifts and still helps them anyway.
Charbel Tadros|It is the duty of every wise person to seek out people with potential and freely guide them on the path of wisdom. By doing so, the wise leaders of the future are born, and the world will have a chance to mend itself.
Charbel Tadros|A leader, without wisdom, is dangerous. A wise person, without leadership, is useless. But if they work together, they are unstoppable.
Charbel Tadros|The relationship between apprentice and mentor is one of the most beautiful and most sacred relationships. In sharing his wisdom with his apprentice, the mentor discovers even more wisdom to share.
Charbel Tadros|There are only three things which increase when shared: love, wisdom and happiness.
Charbel Tadros|Knowledge, degrees and diplomas are not for everyone, but wisdom is. True wisdom is in being happy doing what you do best no matter how trivial it may seem as long as it is beneficial to you and to those around you.
Charbel Tadros|Do not make people feel overly indebted to you. In their quest to restore the illusive balance and wipe out the debt, they will demonize and attribute wrongdoings to you. Instead, give with love and receive with gratitude.
Charbel Tadros|The universe is an ocean upon which we are the waves. While some decide to surf, others venture to dive.
Charbel Tadros|When you allow the spirit to speak through you and empower it with love, you will discover things you didn't know you knew.
Charbel Tadros|Things will happen when they should. When an event is forced, its outcome would be less than optimal.
Charbel Tadros|To preserve your innocence while acquiring intelligence, that is a true mark of wisdom.
Charbel Tadros|You cannot reach success only by working hard, you also need to be working smart.
Charbel Tadros|A wise person knows that he should not allow his roots to grow too deep in this world, for the deeper they grow here, the shallower they become in spirituality.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Our heart calls us one way, the mind pulls us the other way, and we do the opposite. We cannot find peace when the mind rages war against the heart, when we fight with our thoughts the pull of our love.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|He who has little problems, shows little love. He who has overcome huge problems, has giant love. Because he understands what it means and won’t have others suffer like he did.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|If we don’t express truth and love in relationships, they simply become a state of isolation with somebody (some body) still around.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|With every dream and with every love, you have to die to the old, and be reborn to the new. You must leave what you know behind, and surrender to the unknown.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The holiest place on Earth, is not a temple or a church, but our relationship to one another.
Lailah Gifty Akita|True knowledge makes a man reject the wrong , by chosen what is right.
Bert McCoy|without the bombardment of thoughts, the truth will emerge through intuition.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Her eyes, full of ancient, sacred wisdom. Her bones, deposits of inherited bravery. She is a proud descendant of strong, courageous women who went to the stakes fighting for their truths.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|A humble heart, a friendly look, a smile on the face is really what you need to break the ice, not a very big axe.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Because I started investing in wiserrelationships, I am now an absurdly wealthy woman—if blessings,fulfillment & joy are measured as wealth.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Most people like to talk about themselves, so get them going and you’ll make new friends quickly!
Stephen King, The Waste Lands|And because Eddie knew that was only the truth, he said nothing.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|You think it's time for a new beginning. You long to start from scratch, so you seek new things - trying like hell to reinvent yourself. Out with the old and in with the world's new. But you'll never create a version of yourself that is as magical and unique as the original. So... just be you.
Graham Austin-King, Fae - The Realm of Twilight|Can I help you?" he said, in a manner which indicated very clearly that not only did he not wish to help them, but also that he resented the implication that he ought to
Lailah Gifty Akita|We don't even know we are one family, one faith!
Lailah Gifty Akita|One spirit, one shepherd
Anat Talshir, About the Night|It doesn't matter how old you are," Lila said. "What matters is how you live.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Engineering Success: The True Meaning of Leadership and Team Building|We rely on our education, on our judgment and our intuition to make decisions, but sometimes we find ourselves in the most dangerous scenario we can be in as individuals or as team, when we don’t know that we don’t know but we believe we do know.
Mircea Popister|They say watch the breathing, watch the diet and for God’s sake make that kid go quiet. But they never say: “I am wrong and you are right”, because the self –pride they always want to hide! But in time, like the truth it shall come to surface and all those lies, that awful misery they always boast about will be extinct, whilst their conscience filled with guilt.
Charbel Tadros|Without wisdom, a teacher is nothing more than a research paper: a knowledge filled text which is boring and has no practical use. With wisdom, a teacher is like a great novel: a text filled with knowledge, practical applications and, above all, fun.
Yasmina Khadra, Dieu n'habite pas La Havane|Celui qui se relève de ses faux pas aura gagné l'estime des dieux. De toutes les couleurs qu'on lui en a fait voir, il construira un arc-en-ciel.
Charbel Tadros|There is no real distinction between who can and cannot be a teacher. All that matters is that this person should have knowledge of the subject matter, empath and compassion with others, and, above all, a great sense of humor which is the true mark of wisdom.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I know there are days when even one single positive thought feels like too much effort, but you must develop an unconditional love for life. You must never lose your childish curiosity for the possibilities in every single day. Who you can be, what you can see, what you can feel and where it can lead you. Be in love with your life, everything about it. The sadness and the joys, the struggles and the lessons, your flaws and strengths, what you lose and what you gain.
Myles Hickmond|Insecurities are like mosquitos, you try to get rid of them but they still come back.
Myles Hickmond|To take a leap, you must hope not to fall.
Nanette L. Avery|When we are young we squander time as though it were unlimited; When we grow older, then like beggars we wish for crumbs of remembrance...
Haritha Velpureddy|You do not deserve what you think you deserve, But you Deserve what you do.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers|Music open our minds to allow the perception of new thoughts of a higher nature, which gives us a spiritual lift, which produces yet more joy.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers|Everything that happens, happens at the only possible time it can happen, and it is always at exactly the right time.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers|It takes practice, feeling happy about the ever enfolding events of life, and, because of all the conditioning we have undergone before this, it may be very difficult to make the change, but if we take the saying to heart and practice it, as the days unfold we will find ourselves living ever happier lives, smiling more, and finally, laughing more.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|If I read inspirational words, they better have some pain to back them up. My strength for moving forward has never been sparked by flowery prose calling me and Angel. Tell me how you swallowed Hell, and lived to tell the tale... the 'pain' and your transformation - will inspire me to soar. And I promise you, I will listen.
Rachel Van Dyken, The Consequence of Revenge|Midnight's the only time where you can be both in the past, present, and future.
King Solomon Son of David|When I applied my mind to know wisdom and to observe the labor that is done on earth—people getting no sleep day or night-- then I saw all that God has done. No one can comprehend what goes on under the sun. Despite all their efforts to search it out, no one can discover its meaning. Even if the wise claim they know, they cannot really comprehend it.
King Solomon Son of David|I also saw under the sun this example of wisdom that greatly impressed me: There was once a small city with only a few people in it. And a powerful king came against it, surrounded it and built huge siege works against it. Now there lived in that city a man poor but wise, and he saved the city by his wisdom. But nobody remembered that poor man.
Nikki Rowe|Know your worth and love yourself in such a way that anyone who is no good for you, wont be able to reach you.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To enter the land of wisdom, firstly start changing the angles you look at the things!
Native Teachings|The path is smooth, why do we throw rocks before us.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Promise me this. When you find yourself in need of inspiration, bypass the roses that will clamor aimlessly for attention. And focus on the souls who have actually 'lived' among the thorns.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|Fear was wisdom in a situation like this, and he was pleased that Folly was obviously intelligent enough to know it. He hoped that she would use the fear to make her cleverer, rather than more foolish, but that was asking much of a human, relatively odd or not.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you attain the highest wisdom, you will disappear physically because people will start seeing only your ideas and thinking about only your wisdom; you will die physically and you will turn into an empty chair full of universe simply!
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|The world is like a brute beast, you teach it how it should behave towards you
Conrad Richter, The Awakening Land: The Trees, The Fields, & The Town|The Awakening Land" p628-629 Hardship and work, that's what his mother always harped on. Once when he had refused to work on the lot, she had said, "You're going to live longer than I do, Chancey. Watch for all kinds of new-fangled notions to take away folks' troubles without their having to work. That's what folks today want and that's what will ruin them more than anything else." Could there be something after all in this hardship-and-work business, he pondered. He had thought hardship and work the symptoms of a pioneer era, things of the past. He believed that his generation had outlived and outlawed them, was creating a new life of comfort, ease and peace. And yet war, the cruelest hardship of all, war between brothers, was on them today like a madness. Did it mean that the need for strength and toughness was to be always with them; that the farther they advanced, the more brilliant and intelligent they became, the more terrible would be the hardship that descended upon them, and the more crying the need of hardihood to be saved.
Dalai Lama|Our lives are in constant flux, which generates many predicaments. But when these are faced with a calm and clear mind supported by spiritual practice, they can all be successfully resolved. When our minds are clouded by hatred, selfishness, jealousy, and anger, we lose not only control but also our judgment. At those wild moments, anything can happen, including war. Although the practice of compassion and wisdom is useful to us all, it is especially valuable for those responsible for running national affairs, in whose hands lie the power and opportunity to create a framework for world peace.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Intelligence is seeing the ups, downs, cycles and patterns in the game of life. Wisdom is not being played or a player - but being at one with life, dancing with life, being full of life, in flow with life - glad to be alive.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you can play with your pain, every day would be a party.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Deliver more than you promise and earn the respect and gratitude of the intelligent, the wise, and the honourable.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|At critical moments in the life of individuals and of societies, it is not necessarily the facts that are needed as much as a profound narrative that makes sense of life’s conflicts and misunderstandings. When all seems to be falling apart and becoming less rational and more chaotic, it is usually a different story that is needed to make things whole again. Mythic imagination can break the spell of time and open us to a level of life that remains timeless. Myth is not about what happened in past times; myth is about what happens to people all of the time.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|As for thy thirst after books, away with it with all speed.
Osho, The Empty Boat: Talks on the Sayings of Chuang Tzu|You are always afraid that somebody may think you a fool. You are afraid that if others think you to be a fool, you will start suspecting it. If so many people think you a fool your self-confidence will be lost. And if everybody goes on repeating that you are a fool, sooner or later you will come to believe it.Only a wise man cannot be deceived, he can appear as a fool.Have you observed yourself? You are always trying to exhibit your wisdom, always in search of a victim to whom you can show your knowledge, just searching, hunting for somebody weaker than you – then you will jump in and you will show your wisdom.A wise man need not be an exhibitionist. Whatsoever is, is. He is not aware of it, he is not in any hurry to show it. If you want to find it, you will have to make efforts. If you have to know whether he is gentle or not, that is going to be your discovery.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|The magic, grace, growth and wonder of life is that wisdom follows a fall and defeat not from a win.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Almost every so called setback is an opportunity for growth, learning, self love, wisdom and humility
Derek Walcott|Who is the man who can speak to the strong?Where is the fool who can talk to the wise?Men who are dead now have learnt this long,Bitter is wisdom that fails when it tries.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To do things right, we need to UNITE black and white, red and blue, blue and white - all stars and stripes. We need to either apply all the lessons from the past - or get rid of all the stories and START AGAIN. We are moving towards a rainbow world. Our children are intermixing and so are our colors. You can keep your religions and traditions, but always stand with what is good for the greater good of ALL as a united neighborhood instead of a segregated team. This is what America needs. This is what the world needs. Our unity. In our schools, neighborhoods, communities, state offices and economic equations. Choosing to stand with the right wing or left wing, or this group or that group, is only going to keep this country divided and grounded. In the end, all human needs are the same and they will never change. So what is there to fight about? Let's hit restart and unite. Flip the script and start again. To make America truly great again, it must be united. Every bird needs two wings to fly. Any nation torn at the wings will never soar the skies. So we can all start here. The only political party anyone should be an active part of is the one called concerned.
Suzy Kassem|I call for all religions, cultures, countries, crews, parties and peacemakers to unite for the sake of building a peaceful, united global village for future generations. It starts TODAY. If we stay divided, we will only remain crippled - and we will fall. It is time for everyone to see there is more for us to GAIN through unity and love than hatred and division. Get wise and unite. This is the only way. We need to start fresh with a truly united perspective.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You see, somewhere deep within the universe is a cosmic heart that pours knowledge to those with questions. And to communicate with it, you simply have to tap into your own heart. Yet there is a catch. You cannot be sleeping. You have to be wide awake. And your heart cannot be heavy. It must be as light as a feather. And your questions cannot carry any shades of darkness; they must be as childlike as a curious and receptive student of Truth. And the answers, can be interpreted in many different ways -- depending on how much truth you have in you.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I'm the girl that goes backwards, takes wrong turns, stumbles in the dark. I'm also the girl that finds gold where others feared to stray. Perhaps because I follow my heart instead of sage advice thrown my way. I don't want to become numb by always playing it safe. Many of our most cherished times happen when we shatter the damn box, step off the safety zone and listen to the sound of our soul.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Be with someone who willingly runs in the storm with you, not someone who cowers away because of turbulent winds.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|There may be human joy in doing good with definite purpose, but they who do good expecting nothing in return know a joy that is divine.
St. Francis of assisi|Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
Lama Surya Das, Letting Go of the Person You Used to Be: Lessons on Change, Loss, and Spiritual Transformation|I believe that this is the time to become warriors for peace and dialogue, not warmongers or mere worriers.
Reuben Berger|If you don't REALLY miss someone, it's because you never REALLY connected very deeply with them.
Susan Spencer-Wendel|And then she reminded me: "It's the journey, not the destination, true?""True." I said " A bit hackneyed, but true indeed."She sighed. I smiled.
Abhysheq Shukla|Happiness keeps you Sweet , Trials keep you Strong, Sorrows keep you Human, Failures keep you Humble, Success keeps you Glowing, But Only faith Keeps You Going! Be Happy Live Simply.
Vishal Gupta|Wisdom : balance between survival, principles and emotions.
Barry Schwartz|Practical wisdom," Aristotle told us, "is the combination of moral will and moral skill.
Kim Dong Hwa, The Color of Water|People say that a dog can sense the longing of a person, so perhaps he's barking in response to your heart.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|If you really want to learn, do not be surprised if someone tries to teach you. And do not lightly reject the method.
Alexander Chee, Edinburgh|You ought to know, you were my best friend. You were. I know you loved me. I loved you.No one should have gone through what we went through, but we did. And it kills me to think of it.But I didn't love you like you loved me. I don't hate you for that. It just makes me sorry, that there isn't someone else who could love you better.I know when you think about how I went, you'll get it. I was always uneasy about being alive. The idea of being dead makes me feel clear. When I think of it. It makes me think peace, peace, peace. It makes me happy. I am looking forward to it, to the absence of everything. And so I want you to be happy for me, that this is better for me. That I found what I needed. I know you won't be. But it's the last thing I want. You happy.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|You have your own problems right now, Zenik, said a voice in her head. Stop worrying about saving the world and save your own ass. Sometimes her inner voice could be very wise.
Enock Maregesi|Mungu hatakubali kuwa na mtu katika ufalme wake ambaye hatakubali kutawaliwa naye. Usikubali kutawaliwa na Ibilisi, kubali kutawaliwa na Mungu. Ni jukumu letu kuanza kuishi sasa kama vile tutakavyoishi mbinguni. Shetani anataka uwe na hekima ya duniani ili akupumbaze. Lakini hofu ya Mungu ndiyo msingi wa hekima ya kweli. Ukitaka asikupumbaze, pokea Roho ya Mungu kwa kubatizwa. Ukiipokea Roho ya Mungu utajua mambo ya Mungu, ambayo dunia haiwezi kujua.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honor trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then - to learn.
Jules Michelet, Joan of Arc|It is our harsh fate on earth that body and soul should be so closely bound together; that the soul should have to drag the body along, should be exposed to its vicissitudes, should even respond to them. This primal curse has always weighed heavily upon us; but how much more heavily under a religious law which compels us to endure this outrageous condition; which will not permit our honor, when it is imperiled, to save itself by casting aside the body, and seeking refuge in the world of the spirit!
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the love of music, there will be no misery in life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|To live without love, is to have no light.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It is only through the darkness, we desire the light.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Most people, whatever their opinions and protestations, do not want to learn.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You can change your life, one day at a time.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|He is wise who at last sees in suffering only the light that it sheds on his soul; and whose eyes never rest on the shadow it casts upon those who have sent it towards him. And wiser still is the man to whom sorrow and joy not only bring increase of consciousness, but also the knowledge that something exists superior to consciousness even. To have reached this point is to reach the summit of inward life, whence at last we look down on the flames whose light has helped our ascent.
Germany Kent|Today, spend a little time cultivating relationships offline. Never forget that everybody isn't on social media.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|We suffer but little from suffering itself; but from the manner wherein we accept it overwhelming sorrow may spring. We are wrong in believing that it comes from without. For indeed we create it within us, out of our very substance.
Kaitlin Bevis, Aphrodite|Battles like that . . .” My voice lowered. “They look like they come down to one person or one action in one big, flashy moment, but they don’t. Major victories come in inches. Each action, each sacrifice, every small act of defiance adds up..
Solomon, Ecclesiastes, a New Tr. with Notes by J.N. Coleman|So I loathed all the fruit of my effort, for which I worked so hard on earth, because I must leave it behind in the hands of my successor. Who knows if he will be a wise man or a fool? Yet he will be master over all the fruit of my labor for which I worked so wisely on earth! This also is futile! What does a man acquire from all his labor and from the anxiety that accompanies his toil on earth? For all day long his work produces pain and frustration, and even at night his mind cannot relax! This also is futile!There is nothing better for people than to eat and drink, and to find enjoyment in their work.
Gabrielle Zevin|...an irresistible of why we read and why we love.We are not quite novels.We are not quite short stories.In the end, we are collected works.
Lloyd Alexander, The Foundling and Other Tales of Prydain|He learned that the lives of men are short and filled with pain, yet each one a priceless treasure, whether it be that of a prince or a pig-keeper. And, at the last, the book taught him that while nothing was certain, all was possible. "At the end of knowledge, wisdom begins, Dallben murmured. "And at the end of wisdom there is not grief, but hope.
Ken Poirot|Anyone can smile for a photo, but who is still smiling after the selfie?
Timothy G. Cameron|Never get into a pissin' contest with a skunk." Mary Jo R.
Dennis Prager, Still the Best Hope: Why the World Needs American Values to Triumph|Those who value wisdom know that when you give people something for nothing, you produce ungrateful people; that when you obscure the differences between men and women, you end up with many aimless men and angry women; that when you give children “self-esteem” without their earning it, you produce narcissists who enter adulthood often incapable of empathy and of handling life; that if you do not destroy evil, it will proliferate; and that if you are kind to the cruel, you will end up being cruel to the kind. If you really want goodness to prevail, wisdom is a key to unlocking it. The heart is not.
Robert Lawson, Rabbit Hill|D'you know, Georgie," he said, settling back comfortably in the deep grass, that there song you've been a-singin' at all day - it ain't much of a song and it ain't much of a tune, but there's real good *sense* to it, though you probably don't know it. And I'll tell you why - because there always *is* new Folks comin', that's why. There's always new Folks comin' and always new times comin'.
N.K. Jemisin, The Stone Sky|Syl Anagist's assimilation of the world had been over a century before I was ever made; all cities were Syl Anagist. All languages had become Sylanagistine. But there were none so frightened, or so strange in their fear, as conquerors. They conjure phantoms endlessly, terrified that their victims will someday do back what was done to them - even if, in truth, their victims couldn't care less about such pettiness and have moved on. Conquerors live in dread of the day when they are shown to be, not superior, but simply lucky.
Master Oogway|If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than you are now.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|He who knows himself is wise; yet have we no sooner acquired real consciousness of our being than we learn that true wisdom is a thing that lies far deeper than consciousness. The chief gain of increased consciousness is that it unveils an ever-loftier unconsciousness, on whose heights do the sources lie of the purest wisdom.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|Wisdom is the lamp of love, and love is the oil of the lamp. Love, sinking deeper, grows wiser; and wisdom that springs up aloft comes ever the nearer to love. Love is the food of wisdom; wisdom the food of love; a circle of light within which those who love, clasp the hands of those who are wise.
Mos Def|All the things that are worth doing, take time.
Grace Sara, Awakening in the 21st Century: Considering Existence|Your actions show what you know, and your replies to obstacles give clarity into what you will learn.
Richard L.  Ratliff|Do your thoughts continue and repeat a cycle Seed, growth, bloom, and seed again
Zeno of Citium|Well-being is attained little by little, and nevertheless is no little thing itself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You look somewhere else, then you see something different and so your journey for wisdom starts! Wise man’s mind is the mind looking at everywhere!
John Adrian Robinson|You can build a business, or you can run it, but there’s only two ways it can be run, you can run it straight, or you can run it into the ground.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Among other possibilities, money was invented to make it possible for a foolish man to control wise men; a weak man, strong men; a child, old men; an ignorant man, knowledgeable men; and for a dwarf to control giants.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The world you are in –Is the true hell.The journey to Truth itselfIs what quickens the heart to become lighter.The lighter the heart, the purer it is.The purer the heart, the closer to light it becomes.And the heavier the heart,The more chained to this hellIt will remain.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|As a species, wise, harmonious progress is our mission.
James Rozoff|You may never live long enough to discover who you are, but by the time you reach middle age you will hopefully realize who you are not.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Keep reading! Keep travelling! Keep thinking! And finally you will be there, in the Land of Wisdom where the mind has the power of an eagle’s eye!
Anthony  Ryan, Tower Lord|Your realm is an insane place. In Volaria, no-one goes hungry, slaves are no use when they starve. Those freeborn too lazy or lacking in intelligence to turn sufficient profit to feed themselves are made slaves so they can generate wealth for those deserving of freedom, and be fed in return. Here, your people are chained by their freedom, free to starve and beg from the rich. It's disgusting.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|I am pain stricken to say that, various “educational” institutions have adopted the medieval doctrine "fear of the lord is the beginning of wisdom" as their motto. Let me tell you this, fear of the Lord, Santa Claus, Krishna, Thor, Hulk or any other imaginary being brings merely the illusion of wisdom, not wisdom. And illusion of wisdom is a billion times more harmful than lack of wisdom.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|Biti dobro upućen u stvari znači lišiti druge mogućnosti da udovolje svojoj taštini, što će pametan čovek uvek nastojati da izbegne.
Hazel Gaynor, The Cottingley Secret|...the more I felt that perhaps believing in fairies was more important than seeing them. In seeing, there is often question and doubt.
Bozorgmehr|Books are the shells of wisdom, which are split open for the pearls of character.
Immanuel Kant|El sabio puede cambiar de opinión. El necio, nunca.
Anthony  Ryan, Tower Lord|Nobility is a lie. A pretence that high standing comes from anything more than money or martial prowess. Any dolt can play the noble, and as you'll discover in time, daughter, it's mostly dolts who do.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|It takes wisdom, power and influence to be able to make a positive impact on what goes on in society and in the nation as a whole.
Gregory S. Close, In Siege of Daylight|Never leap into battle, when you may come quietly to victory at a walk.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|A seeker of radical strenght Keeps everything on track, Feeble force yields at length, Not sure where to go back. When one can't find courage, And all the efforts seem vain, It's advised to fight like a sage: Be powerful like a bullet train! Too much work and no play Can make a brain go astray! Determined to live and stay Can lead life into a long way.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|Truly they who know still know nothing if the strength of love be not theirs; for the true sage is not he who sees, but he who, seeing the furthest, has the deepest love for mankind. He who sees without loving is only straining his eyes in the darkness.
Tarun Betala, The Things We Don't Know:  How mankind found answers to some of life's most pressing questions.|We ought to, as human beings, have the courage to seek a collective “truth” that benefits our species the most, and to accept that all of our doctrines and beliefs may just be incomplete. That we don’t know it all and that perhaps we never will. That others like us may have something to teach us, and we may have something to contribute to their communities. That communities, types of people, are divisions we’ve created for ourselves. That for all of what we know, the knowledge and wisdom that we have gathered in the few millennia may be a small fraction of what is there to be discovered, understood and applied.
Avery Flynn, The Negotiator|Youth is wasted on the young. If it was me, you can be sure I wouldn't be lazing around thinking I had the right woman. I'd make damn sure and then do whatever it took to make sure she thought the same, too.
Don Norman, The Design of Everyday Things|Don't follow blindly; focus on strengths, not weaknesses
Mehmet Murat ildan|To attain the wisdom of every season, you must live all the seasons!
Calvin W. Allison|Both wisdom, and generosity derive from God. And when one submits themselves completely to Him, one soon becomes like Him: wise and generous.
A.D. Rahman Ahmad|Dalam aku senang berkawan, aku suka bersendirian. Diam dari jauh memerhatikan, siapa kawan, siapa sebenarnya lawan.
Emily Brontë|If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Stored personal memories along with handed down collective memories of stories, legends, and history allows us to collate our interactions with a physical and social world and develop a personal code of survival. In essence, we all become self-styled sages, creating our own book of wisdom based upon our studied observations and practical knowledge gleaned from living and learning. What we quickly discover is that no textbook exist how to conduct our life, because the world has yet to produce a perfect person – an ideal observer – whom is capable of handing down a concrete exemplar of epistemic virtues. We each draw upon the guiding knowledge, theories, and advice available for us in order to explore the paradoxes, ironies, inconsistencies, and the absurdities encountered while living in a supernatural world. We mold our personal collection of information into a practical practicum how to live and die. Each day we define and redefine who we are, determine how we will react today, and chart our quest into an uncertain future.
Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth|I believe there are only three businesses: my business, other people's business, and God's business.
Nina Hrusa|Later that day when I walked down this dried-out riverbed, enjoying the last rays of sunshine on my bare skin, I felt a deep inner peace coming up straight from my heart.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|I care as much as I can, but I don’t spend energy caring about things I cannot resolve.
Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth|I believe I will not not die a minute too early or a minute too late, but exactly when I am supposed to.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Embrace wisdom and relentlessly pursue joy, and you can live agelessly.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|Yes, the world is an illusion. But Truth is always being shown there.
Terry a O'Neal|Just when you think you have it all figured out, an epiphany arrives at the higher level of one's consciousness.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Imagination envisions what could be. Reality states what is. And when my journey is shaped by one of these at the exclusion of the other, I will eventually wake up on some road facing the ‘reality’ that I’m far more lost than I could have ‘imagined’.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|A compass calibrated by my greed is a rather shrewd way to legitimize my agenda. However, true north on a compass such as this is a straight line to the edge of a really big cliff.
Don Norman, The Design of Everyday Things|In hindsight, events seem logical
Don Norman, The Design of Everyday Things|One of my rules in consulting is simple: never solve the problem I am asked to solve. Why such a counter-intuitive rule? Because, invariably, the problem I am asked to solve is not the real, fundamental, root problem.
A.E. Samaan|The foundation of wisdom is knowing how to tell when you are totally clueless, lost, and in need of assistance.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Things becomes invisible at the very moment I refuse to grant them importance. And while I am utterly ashamed to admit it, many of the most important things in my life are invisible.
Werner Heisenberg, Physics and Beyond: Encounters and Conversations|I am firmly convinced that we must never judge political movements by their aims, no matter how loudly proclaimed or how sincerely upheld, but only by the means they use to realize these aims.
Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.|I wrote about the things I discovered along the way and about how whether we believe it or not, everything we need to succeed in life is already present inside us. We just have to find the few.
Germany Kent|With God, there’s always an appointed time for things, and when you put Him first, trust in His timing, and keep the faith, miracles happen!
Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth|If you feel anxiety or depression, you are not in the present. You are either anxiously projecting the future or depressed and stuck in the past. The only thing you have any control over is the present moment; simple breathing exercises can make us calm and present instantly.
Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth|Health, peace of mind, peak performance, and success in any area of life all depend upon doing the right thing at the right time, in harmony with the cycles of the Four Seasons.
May Sarton, The Fur Person|The Fur Person learned then and there that it is better to be a philosopher than to be a king and that, all things considered, wisdom was to be preferred to power.
Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth|In my experience, stress is the cause of all injury and pain.
Idries Shah, Special Illumination: The Sufi Use of Humor|If you want special illumination, look upon the human face:See clearly within laughter the Essence of Ultimate Truth.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every plant, tree, and animal is a blessing and every person has a purpose for living. Courage, curiosity, and generosity produce noble spirits. Enduring life honorably results in wisdom. Knowledge passed down from one generation to the next along with humankind's tradition of performing charitable and self-sacrificing deeds creates principled legacies for future generations to emulate.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Bir kaplanın sırtında yolculuk etmenin en önemli kuralı, kulaklarını asla bırakmamaktır.
Miyakahi Hayao|I do not know where to go, but I have been on the road.
Emory R. Frie, Wonderland|Am I still the same Alice? Or have I become a better or worse one?”“Yes,” was the caterpillar’s reply.“Yes, to what?”“It doesn’t matter.
Carlos Salinas, The Little Book of Big Quotes: Volume I|Through every turn in life, through every little twist of fate, there is an opportunity to take a step back, find and reinvent yourself, and come back a bigger, stronger, better you.
Carlos Salinas, The Little Book of Big Quotes: Volume I|The taller you stand, the more possibilities you see.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|God brings wonderful people into our lives. He also takes people out to protect us from harm. When we roll with God’s grace, we feel his wisdom.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|The right reason and motive for success, while pursued in the right way, will trigger divine support, human celebration and personal fulfillment because the endeavor becomes bigger than oneself.
Eileen Anglin|If you want to heal or experience more happiness in life, learn to move out of the mental body and be in your heart more. You will know you are "in your head" is when you analyze, control and overthink. When you have run on thoughts, worry, and talk without listening. When you take all the workshops and read all the books, but aren't experiencing it's message in your heart.
Vironika Tugaleva|Once trust is built, distance cannot kill it. Time and space alone cannot destroy authentic connection.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|To a farmer dirt is not a waste, it is wealth.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|If the farmer is rich, then so is the nation.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|I am a scientist, and as such I am proud to say that being stupid at times is a very human thing. Be proud to be stupid, be proud to be fool. Being a fool is a billion times better than being blinded by the illusion of intellect. I admit I am a fool, but at the very least, with each passing day I do my best to get lesser fool.
Vironika Tugaleva|I believe that the best leadership is loud authenticity. That is what the world needs now. We don’t need more plastic, Photoshooped perfection. I don’t want people to look at me and wish they could be me. I want people to look at me and see their own potential. I want people to be more accepting of their own failures, imperfections, and struggles because they watch me accept of my own.
Munia Khan|Crossing the limit is not my styleMy footsteps meander less than a mileI travel the world perhaps in a minuteYet a dream, to me, is never infinite!
Vironika Tugaleva|Compassion and communication are both incredibly important in relationships, but most of us use these at the wrong time. If we communicate, it's only in times of conflict, allowing repressed emotions and unsaid worries form into their worst phrasings. If we show compassion, it's only in good times, when we're feeling good about one another and don't feel triggered or attacked. What if we changed our approach? What if we showed compassion in conflict—taking the time to listen, understand, help each other release pent-up emotions? And what if we communicated in good times—taking the time to talk about patterns we fall into, triggers we both have, and how we can work together to break our cycles? Then, we would stop helplessly dancing the same old tango of mutual misunderstanding. Then, we could work on giving one another room to feel, to love, and to grow.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Keep in mind my friend, if an answer is not rational, then it is not an answer, but a delusion.
James Rozoff|Technology has not made humanity any wiser, it has only made us more dangerous.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|If you are financially affluent, think of adopting a kid and raise him or her right next to your biological offspring. And let your love become the proof of your parenthood, instead of your DNA.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Failures make character, not success.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be sure to understand the terms of any contract, before you sign.
WISDOM KWASHIE MENSAH (WKM)|You can't have favour with God and suffer in life. Learn to have God's favour first, and the favour of men will fall in place automatically for you.
Auliq Ice|I know that I do not know, and uncertainty, certainly, is the cruelest of words.
Upanishad|Who sees the many and not the one, wanders on from death to death.Even by the mind this truth is to be learned: there are not many but only one. Who sees variety and not the unity wanders on from death to death.
Lailah Gifty Akita|As soon as you approach the light, the darkness shall fade.
William Osler|The value of experience is not in seeing much, but in seeing wisely.
Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth|Life is a continuum of problems to solve and lessons to learn. Once you accept this truth, then the problem you’re facing is no longer a problem but rather an opportunity to learn.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Networking isn't how many people you know, it's how many people know you.
Vironika Tugaleva|The biggest mistake people make when trying to be authentic is just that: they try. They see these role models of what an "authentic" person is supposed to look like or act like, and they try to emulate that. Authenticity isn't about what things appear to be. It's about allowing things to be what they are. Authenticity is about getting away from hiding, from wearing a mask, from always asking, "How should I act? What should I say? What will people think?" That includes asking, "How should an authentic person act? What would a genuine person say?"Being authentic isn't about making yourself a certain way. It's not even about finding out what you "really" enjoy as opposed to what other people enjoy, or who you "really" are as opposed to who other people are. Authenticity is allowing your likes, dislikes, personality, appearance, hobbies, and beliefs to be fluid, to change, to evolve as you learn, grow, and experience the world.At its core, authenticity is the practice of surrendering the tiresome task of keeping up appearances and taking up of the lifetime work of allowing what is already within you to come out while you remove as many internal and external obstacles as possible.And who knows what will spill out of you if you just allow it to? Who knows what is within you awaiting recognition, awaiting permission to show itself to the world? Even you don’t know—until you try. Or, rather, until you stop trying. Until you become curious.
Robin Sacredfire|The most important feeling in the world is trust. The worse is betrayal. Without trust, there is no love. Without trust, there is betrayal. And betrayal is the ultimate consequence of selfishness and naiveness, both ramifications of egotism. Whenever you can't confront reality, you can't love and you can't protect yourself against the lack of it. Wisdom can help you, because wisdom consists in the ability to love oneself, confront reality and accept the mistakes of others. That requires courage, but courage without wisdom is foolishness in disguise. You must be wise to see through and remain calm. It is a never-ending goal, and as much as the intensity of the complexities you're faced with. More complexities require more wisdom. Peace can't be found without an action towards it, and solutions that justify it. An antagonistic solution would only present itself as one whenever wisdom has failed. An avatar must be immensely wise to live with himself but not ignorant enough to accept the masses when confronted with their ignorance. However, if you're just a mortal being struggling against endless challenges, pray to God for wisdom, for He will bring forth to your realm His most highly recommended masters and meaningful literature. If you find them, don't judge them by how they appear, look or are dressed. Don't judge them as well by when and where they appear to you. For the unwise does not have the right to judge the mysteries unveiling his own ignorance. And if you find a book in a trashcan, do not judge it as well by where you have found it. Salvation is everywhere. It is wise to believe that. We suffer more due to the immense signs we reject than those we accept.
James Miller|Such a principled disregard of ad hominem evidence is a characteristically modern prejudice of professional philosophers. For most Greek and Roman thinkers from Plato to Augustine, theorizing was but one mode of living life philosophically. To Socrates and the countless classical philosophers who tried to follow in his footsteps, the primary point was not to ratify a certain set of propositions (even when the ability to define terms and analyze arguments was a constitutive component of a school's teaching), but rather to explore 'the kind of person, the sort of self' that one could elaborate as a result of taking the quest for wisdom seriously.
Sue Grafton, I is for Innocent|Let’s face it, life is trivial, and my guess is that dying imparts very little wisdom on those in process.
Ramon Ravenswood, Twilight Zone Encounters|I am that I ama Goddess, a Godentitled to the deepest and most beautiful sensationsoffered by Heaven and EarthIn love I trustIn Wisdom I am revealed
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|The telling and the hearing of a story is not a simple act. The one who tells must reach down into deeper layers of the self, reviving old feelings, reviewing the past. Whatever is retrieved is reworked into a new form, one that narrates events and gives the listener a path through these events that leads to some fragment of wisdom. The one who hears takes the story in, even to a place not visible or conscious to the mind, yet there. In this inner place a story from another life suffers a subtle change. As it enters the memory of the listener it is augmented by reflection, by other memories, and even the body hearing and responding in the moment of the telling. By such transmissions, consciousness is woven.
Honoré de Balzac, The Country Doctor|Se ciascuno pensa solo a se stesso e non si fida che di se stesso, come volete che ci sia coraggio civile, dal momento che questa virtù si basa sulla rinuncia a se stessi? Coraggio civile e coraggio militare nascono dallo stesso principio. Voi siete chiamati a dare la vostra vita in un sol momento, la nostra si consuma a goccia a goccia. Da entrambe le parti è la stessa lotta, sotto forme diverse. Non basta essere onesti per far progredire il più piccolo paese, bisogna anche essere preparati; senza contare che istruzione, onestà, amor di patria non valgono niente se non c'è la ferma volontà di trascurare ogni interesse personale per dedicarsi al pubblico bene
Steve Maraboli|There is no saint here. I have attained wisdom from life's experiences... the positive, the negative, the destructive, the nourishing. I have been medicine and I have been poison. I've learned a lot about heaven from aligning with angels and I learned a lot about hell from acting like a devil. I offer my scars... what you call "wisdom"... as insight I have gathered from my comfort of living within both the light and the shadow.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|The more silent is my mind,The more it speaks;Wisdom is a light divine,And its shadow a mystique!
Scott Stabile|In my experience, it is always worth it to find the love that lives inside you. No matter how deep you have to dig sometimes.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|If the soul is immortal, it demands our care not only for that part of time which we call life, but for all time; and indeed it would seem now that it will be extremely dangerous to neglect it. If death were a release from everything, it would be a boon for the wicked, because by dying they would be released not only from the body but also from their own wickedness together with the soul; but as it is, since the soul is clearly immortal, it can have no escape of security from evil except by becoming as good and wise as it possibly can. For it takes nothing with it to the next world except its education and training...
Idries Shah, Observations|It is your duty to do your best. It is not, however, your birth-right to prevail.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If there’s one thing that’s irrefutably absurd, it’s believing that we can separate intelligence from wisdom and still have it be intelligence.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Too often, opinion is a lens polished by the grit of bias. And as I stare through my own lens, I might ask how much polish can the grit of bias actually create?
Teresa Schultz, The Bible In Poetry,|(God) will always grant us wisdom when we ask. And when we seek Him and obey Him, He works all things out for our good.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Eventually, it boils down to two choices – do I wish to experience this physical reality primarily through joy or do I want to experience it through suffering? That’s all there is to it. And since each person eventually works their way toward the realization that conscious expansion can happen through joy rather than suffering – enlightenment is a natural byproduct.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There are paths above the paths, the paths of the birds! There are paths above the paths of the birds, the paths of the clouds! And there are paths above the paths of the clouds, the paths of the planets! When you are travelling on a path, never forget that there are higher paths, there are higher wisdoms over your head!
Quentin S. Crisp, The Little One: A Meditation|We may learn things from one who preaches, or we may find their pontificating a waste of time—often enough, a hypocritical waste of time. What child ever preaches? Yet time spent open-heartedly with a child is never wasted.
Virginie Despentes, Vernon Subutex, 1|La vie se joue souvent en deux manches: dans un premier temps, elle t'endort en te faisant croire que tu gères, et sur la deuxième partie, quand elle te voit détendu et désarmé, elle repasse les plats et te défonce.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you read proverbs, you will find answers to every puzzle.
WISDOM KWASHIE MENSAH (WKM)|Even in your pains, troubles or difficulties, create unforgettable memories by putting a smile on the faces of others'.
Donna Goddard, Waldmeer|There is a depth to life which only comes from our connection to other people. However, we have to find it without becoming a prisoner.
Kamleshwar|इतिहास का विश्लेषण, उसकी सामाजिक व्याख्या मनुष्य कि घृणा को तर्क से शमित करती है, पर अतीत तर्क कि पद्धति को स्वीकार नहीं करता, वह केवल आंशिक सत्यो को स्मृति की कहानियो में बदल देता है और उसे सदियों जीवित रखता है .
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The critical nature of 'choices' -- [the] timing will prove to be an asset or liability; it will reward wisdom or expose stupidity. Either way, we learn from the path of suffering or satisfaction… by choice and by design.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The critical nature of 'choices' -- [the] timing will prove to be an asset or liability; it will reward wisdom or expose stupidity. Either way, we learn from the path of suffering or satisfaction… by choice or by design.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Three things have a limited threshold:Time, pain, and death.While truth, love, and knowledge –Are boundless.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You can control the visibility of my name and my popularity, but you cannot control the frequency at which people are quoting me. Truth always rises with time.
A.Y.C.C|How can our words ever truly be our own? Since we started growing all we've been taught is to care how we represent our persona and how we should communicate appropriately and how we portrait ourselves as acceptable human beings. what we've been taught, thats everything. We didn't shape our own minds, so how can our words really be our own?
Patricia Engel, The Veins of the Ocean|...books give a man ideas, they make him want to live.
Alaric Hutchinson|Bravery is the choice to show up and listen to another person, be it a loved one or perceived foe, even when it is uncomfortable, painful, or the last thing you want to do.
Ivan Figueroa-Otero, Spirituality 103, the Forgiveness Code: Finding the Light in Our Shadows|When men learn to glimpse the Universe through the eyes of the Spirit, all they see is Love
Sōseki Natsume, Sanshirō|Tokyo is bigger than Kumamoto. And Japan is bigger than Tokyo. And even bigger than Japan... Even bigger than Japan is the inside of your head. Don't ever surrender yourself ― not to Japan, not to anything. You may think that what you're doing is for the sake of the nation, but let something take possession of you like that, and all you do is bring it down.
Lailah Gifty Akita|He who wishes to gain understanding, must first depart from devilish ways.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Fire and Ice Legend|The basis of love that most people share is the intimacy they developed with their partners, the intensity of their attraction, or the similarity of their thought patterns.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Fire and Ice Legend|The masses often let themselves down and even those at the forefront who are hoisting the flag of the cause that is intended to alleviate their miseries. However, they do not do so out of wickedness or malice. Often times, they betray their interests out of incomprehension, docility and resignation to the status quo. In a subtle way, the masses often end up collaborating with those oppressing them.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|...The world gets blessed every now and then with unique souls who though burdened by their invisible crosses, still have the extraordinary strength to forge ahead in life and give others a helping hand at the same time. Despite their tribulations, most of us think they are fine. Even when the weight of their crosses become unbearable, even when they proceed in a breathless manner, we still have a hard time understanding that they are drowning. In fact, we even condemn them for failing to sacrifice more...
Nikolai Gogol, Dead Souls|You see, wisdom does not come with grey hairs.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|What is the purpose of wealth if it cannot serve an ideal that enhances humanity and betters the lives of the people, even if that means those we have never met before in our lives?
Michael  Rogers, Tales Of|Do not allow a lack of one's own talent or confidence shackle the door prior to even opening it." (Ginger Susanoo, 2018).
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Divine providence for next dimension is a natural as rest, food and water are to our natural bodies. Rest, Arise and Eat for the challenges ahead of you are too great for you.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I must never equate the degree of pain as evidencing the incorrectness of a decision, for if I do I will default on some of the most critical decisions I should have ever made.
Apostle Paul -- Letter to the Romans|Remember it is not you who supports the root, but the root that supports you.
Apostle Paul -- Letter to the Romans|What do you have that you did not receive? And if you did receive it, why do you boast as if you had not received it?
Jesus of Nazareth -- Book of Luke|If they do these things when the tree is green, what will they do when it is dry?
Daryavesh Rothmensch|knowledge is our enviroment..wisdome, is how we perceive our environment".
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|Well, there would be no sound if we shout on the background.
Raymond E. Feist, Talon of the Silver Hawk|The ways of the heart are complex.” He looked out at the ocean again. “The waves churn and break upon the rocks, Talon. So do human feelings. Passion can be a man’s undoing. With passion must come wisdom; otherwise, your enemies have a weapon to use against you.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|With true love, you can move mountains, make unusual sacrifices, live a life of deprivations and still be happy.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Most of the truly kind people of this world show some measure of discomfort when offered kindness. Their gratitude stems not only from their understanding of the depth of the force of kindness, but also from their conviction that kindness should not be taken for granted.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|So, you see; you have the soul of a missionary, the heart of a revolutionary and the mind of a reformer. But what are you to yourself and the family and friends who will always be there for you?
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|…our recollections bring out our joyful smiles, but hardly make us chortle or guffaw; our recollections often leave imprints on our faces that show our regrets, but they hardly produce sounds that echo the depth of those regrets.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|The selfish and self-centered have a hard time being kind, even though you and I know that kindness is a source of relief to the soul.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|When we tend to be too hard on those we love, we erode the softness of our souls in the process, taking out the humanity within us that is the nucleus of our goodness, even if our actions are for their own sake.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|The writer is the cursed artist of the soul. The expression of his art is a reflection of his quest to understand man by unraveling the mysteries that have been haunting humankind from time immemorial. In the end of his journey to understand man, the writer becomes more human even though his soul ends up finding less peace.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Most people live lives that are full of mysteries, lives whose ultimate purpose we may never really understand. But for the sake of serenity, we must believe in life’s nobleness.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|A man can’t talk of true happiness if he has never known true love—the trusting, selfless and unconditional love that I took for granted.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|The true leaders of our time, the legends of this world or the movers of the movers are the towering figures that are blessed with beautiful minds, receptive ears and directing voices. They are the ones we should emulate in life.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Singers, actors or artists who touch on sorrow are trying to give comfort to aggrieved souls by giving some meaning to their sorrows.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Man craves joy far more than anything else in life, but there is nothing as madly intoxicating as the feeling of joy that comes from the soul.
Muditha Champika, Decoding Mysteries Of Nature And The Universe: Comparison of Pure Buddhist Philosophy and Science|If there is no any patience, forbearance and forgiveness. Then there is no peace.
Raymond E. Feist, Talon of the Silver Hawk|why do I want to appear to be drinking more than I am?''Make it a habit. Men in their cups are fools, more often than not. And it can be wise to look the fool at times.
Raymond E. Feist, Talon of the Silver Hawk|Robert had taught him to keep his thoughts in the present or near future, for as Robert had told him, To dwell in the past is to live in regret.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...[R]eal wisdom is the property of God, and... human wisdom has little or no value.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|Love has no color, love has no language and love has no religion.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|When faced with difficulties, a humble, understanding, appreciative and selfless person finds it easy to win a friend. On the other hand, a temperamental, egoistic, condensing, self-absorbed, self-conceited and narrow-minded person who lacks the basic sense of humility easily loses friends when in distress.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Kindness is a source of relief to the soul of the giver, creating a sense of fortitude that is incomprehensible to those who do not know what kindness is all about.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|There are people who bring joy to our lives, but who fail to make us happy. They are the people for the moment. Never rely on their love because it is not sustainable. Their love is alike a comet that illuminates the sky, but then fades away because it lacks the sustainable energy of the sun.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|We need the wisdom to accept the fact that this world abounds with issues we cannot solve; and we need to part ways with those people, ideas and things that are a vexation to the soul.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|The narrow-minded find it convenient to create stereotypes, and then try to fit everybody, everything and every situation into those stereotypes.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Writers understand the world better, but they lack the strength to change it. Perhaps that is so because they understand their limitations more than others.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|When singers, actors or artists touch on sorrow, they are trying to give comfort to aggrieved souls by giving some meaning to their sorrows. The job of the singer, actor or artists ,in general, is to make us comfortable with our feelings or emotions―be it pain, hurt, anger, hatred, sadness, pleasure, love, cheerfulness or joy.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Male writers who never find the stabilizing force of an understanding woman in their lives usually end up as the jaded figures of their days, the types who give much artistic expression to the world, but who are lonely in their overcrowded worlds of love.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|A writer needs a partner who can act as fuel to his artistic mind, yet has the great ability to sober him up and help him be in sync with the non-artistic part of his soul.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Writers are the most pathetic souls when it comes to expressing their personal feelings. Their personalities are as complex as the characters they have weaved. And in a curious way, without them really knowing it, writers are the sum total of the characters they created in their heads or in their writings. Yes, My Dear Tania; writers are capable of reflecting their characters, even though most of them are determined to be just like your ordinary guy next door.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|When somebody you love dies, a phase of life’s innocence dies with that person, and a part of you dies as well.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Societies and people that come close to being happy are those that do well in narrowing the disparity between their desires and their needs, especially the material things of life.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|In the world of today, human desires far supersede human needs. Waste, as you can see, is the result of all of those contradictions. That is how we ended up complicating our world.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|…a writer, like most artists, needs a partner who can act as the fuel to his artistic mind and soul, yet has the great ability to sober him up and help him be in sync with the non-artistic part of his soul.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|In today’s world, human desires far supersede human needs. Waste, as you can see, is the result of that disparity.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|We, humans, have come up with so many superficialities that are completely unnecessary for our existence and happiness on earth.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Most people have this tendency to make judgments on others based on preconceptions, especially when they are dealing with them for the first time.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|In dealing with others, man is inherently a slave to his preconceptions, to the stereotypes he became familiar with that made life easier for him to comprehend.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Life is full of intriguing souls that you cannot penetrate… An uncomfortable percentage of those anguished and impregnable souls also have suffering hearts that are further tormented by a deluded mind. They will hurt out of an impulse, and then live their lives after that without the slightest remorse.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Avoid people who hurt from an impulse. I mean people who have this tendency to relish their capacity to hurt the good souls of this world, and who after hurting, wake up the next day without a trace of despondent brooding, and then move on with life never thinking that they should show some remorse or try to repent.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|In your selflessness pursuit of things higher than yourself, you appear selfish or inconsiderate to those who truly love you and who have cared deeply about you from the first day you came into their lives.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Hold onto your creativity, that idealism that is rooted in some degree of innocence and a firm belief in something finer than the things we already have.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Never give up the freeness of your soul. Live your duty to mankind, nurture creatures of this world as a true mother of the earth, but never shut your imagination off from those desires that distinguish you from the ordinary. Never allow yourself to be sapped of that extraordinary energy that is the necessary ingredient for creating something new and progressive.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Isn’t reality based on the prevailing culture, the trend that people want to identify with?
Janvier Chando, The Union Moujik|The people’s hero does not only have to be someone in possession of the scepter of power. It can be anyone capable of giving unity, prosperity, security, peace and a sense of worthiness to his people. Such a figure gets elevated to the status of a revered hero with the human touch if he imparts a sense of oneness on a multi-racial, multi-ethnic and multi-religious group; especially a diverse people who have been fighting one another for years and centuries...
Janvier Chando, The Union Moujik|The purpose of life is to nurture joy, which involves those aspects of humanity that enrich the soul.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|I went to interview a man with a high reputation for wisdom, because I felt that here if anywhere I should succeed in disproving the oracle and pointing out to my divine authority 'You said that I was the wisest of men, but here is a man who is wiser than I am.' Well, I gave a thorough examination to this person... and in conversation with him I formed the impression that although in many people's opinion, and especially in his own, he appeared to be wise, in fact he was not. Then when I began to try to show him that he only thought he was wise and was not really so, my efforts were resented both by him and by many of the other people present. However, I reflected as I walked away: 'Well, I am certainly wiser than this man. It is only too likely that neither of us has any knowledge to boast of; but he thinks that he knows something which he does not know, whereas I am quite conscious of my ignorance. At any rate it seems that I am wiser than he is to this small extent, that I do not think that I know what I do not know... [A]s I pursued my investigation at the god's command,... my honest impression was... that the people with the greatest reputations were almost entirely deficient, while others who were supposed to be their inferiors were much better qualified in practical intelligence.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Triple Agent, Double Cross|It was one thing to be fooled, and another thing to be taken for a fool all the time.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Triple Agent, Double Cross|He learned...never to show his anger or hatred against a stronger adversary, for fear of being crushed.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Usurper: And Other Stories|...No man is foolish when his friend betrays him because a man’s world is most serene when he has people to trust and call friends. After all, is it not often said that a friend is another self?
Brandon Garic Notch|Motivation gets you started, and inspiration keeps you going.
Brandon Garic Notch|One day at a time, one round at a time, one step at time.
Jacqueline Winspear, In This Grave Hour|Maisie bit her lip. She had learned that sometimes it was best to let words die of their own accord, rather than fight them.
Abhijit Naskar|When you are wise, peace shall follow.
Ashley Graham|Mom often said to me, "I know if you look good, you get special treatment." And then she went a step further: "I don't care what the world says or does. You have to remember that every person is valuable.
Ian Gregoire, The Exercise of Vital Powers|It is a sad truth that those who crave and seek power, invariably abuse that power once they obtain it.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|But I stayed up thinking about how I've been lying to him, no less than I lie to myself in my pre-sleep ritual. And I lied to him again just as we were growing more intimate than ever and he asked me about my scar.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|He clearly suffers from some past traumas too, so hopefully he'll understand why I was untruthful to him about mine.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|Adding to my emotional dizziness on Sunday, I spoke with my sister, who kept noting how amazing Michael is, and what a brave and selfless man he is for having helped as he did.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whatever happens when the seed meets the soil, the same thing happens when you meet the wisdom!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you are someone who dislikes, condemns and rejects new ideas, you aren’t fit to lead.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Filmmaking has the power to fortify the feeble, unify the divided, raise the abandoned and inspire the ignorant.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|A movie is not a movie, it is a potential nuclear furnace of inspiration, courage and conscience.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Make movies my friend – make nice, inspiring and bold movies that will penetrate the darkest corners of the human mind and illuminate the soul.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Give people films, they will forget after a few weeks, but give people ideas, they will assimilate them into their consciousness.
Eoin Colfer, Airman|Young love is common, but that doesn't mean it's not precious.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you reflect on death, you find the vanity of life.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor the Overlander|Are you afraid now?" said Gregor."At times," she admitted. "But it is no worse than if I were in Regalia. You see, I was tired of constant fear, so I made a decision. Everyday when I wake I tell myself it will be my last. If you are not trying to hold on to time, you are not so afraid of losing it."Gregor thought this was the single saddest thing anyone had ever said to him. He couldn't answer."And then, if you make it to bedtime, you feel the joy of cheating death out of one more day," she said. "Do you see?
Wayne Chirisa|We seek excellence before we seek understanding, wisdom before we gain knowledge, success before we understand hardwork; for this reason we need great teachers and leaders.
Treyco From Waco|Karma says what you give is what you get, so why do the loyal person end up being betrayed
O. S. Hickman|When You Live Life Too Early, You Learn Life Too Late.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Make films that purify the soul with the flow of rational, vigorous and compassionate thinking.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Use filmmaking for a greater purpose, than to just entertain some drowsy minds. Wake the whole world up with your movies. It has been sleeping for long. Its eternal sleep has become its darkest nemesis. Now is the time to wake it up.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Whatever genre you deem suitable for your taste – romance, comedy, action, mystery, sci-fi or anything else, make sure it has the plain everyday human kindness.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In case you’re short on definitions, here’s one. Insanity: ‘Destroying the very things that sustain us.’ And if we’re so short-sighted so as to make such preposterous choices, then it’s not all that preposterous to believe that shortly our end will be in sight.
Sunday Adelaja|Wasting time is when seconds, minutes and hours are passing without being converted
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|Humanity has many shortcomings, but none is stronger than pride.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|Luck, I believe, is where preparation meets opportunity.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|Our Peter Pan generation is unhappy. All our lives, we want to grow up—to be treated like adults, to have freedom to choose. Then we get here and it turns out being an adult sucks. We pay the bills and taxes, watching others succeed while we are forever waiting for our turn. We believe we are special, but nothing special has come our way.
Sri Yukteswar Swami|So long as the soul of man is encased in one, two, or three body-containers, sealed tightly with the corks of ignorance and desires, he cannot merge with the sea of Spirit.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Usurper: And Other Stories|...Never opt for war, no matter how simple it may seem, especially when you know that peace is achievable, even if achieving that peace entails going through a complicated and protracted process,
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Usurper: And Other Stories|Sometimes, our pride compels us to engage in costly wars when a true commitment to a compromising peace would have been the best course to pursue.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Usurper: And Other Stories|...A canonical leader is someone whose exemplary rule might have appeared to be for the alleviation of the pains and miseries of a particular group, but which in reality is for the advancement of humanism...
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Usurper: And Other Stories|...A legendary leader distinguishes himself as someone who gets ahead of his people from an impasse and futile general consensus, and then finds new grounds that constitute the base from which a unique course of his people’s destiny is charted...
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Usurper: And Other Stories|...Bad leaders are known to destroy one, more or even all of the foundations of their people’s way of life...
Kamaran Ihsan Salih, Latest Proverbs|The precious gems are hidden, it is not easy to find them.
Brandon Garic  Notch|Everyone has a story. It is what defines us. Our stories continue to change as we evolve in-and-out of our own skin, changing and manipulating the world around us.
Tara Estacaan|ON LIVING LIFE WISELY - To make the right choices, you have to be at peace with yourself.
Barbara C. Doyle, A Hard Place to Breathe|If there was one thing I knew, it was that our demons were what shaped who we were. The things we do, the way we act, are all driven by the things we want locked away forever.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|Grades are still important, but they are not the most important things. As clichéd as it is, the things you learn outside class is more important than the textbooks you blindly memorize in time for exams.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|And I still don’t know what I would do next. I still don’t know how to become an adult. But I know for sure that my parents would be proud of me, proud of their three daughters, no matter what path we choose. And it doesn’t matter if we get lost or choose the wrong path, because what matters is choosing to get back up once again.
Matt Padwick, Running Contra Diction|Sometimes it was during the breaks that the real meditation happened - moments when it was obvious that wisdom is not something you have, but a wave-length you tune in to.
Brandon Garic  Notch|The taste of blood and that annoying sting of a bitten tongue. Once man got the taste of blood there was no going back, like a serpent circling itself eating its own tail.
Anthea Syrokou|Writing is a bittersweet addiction. The more it drains you; the more replenished you feel, and you crave it even more.
Dominic Riccitello|They always come back, but we don’t always answer.
J. Kyle McNeal, Birthrights|Learn when to talk and when to listen. If you're unsure, listen.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|Utterly sure of himself, convinced of his power, certain that the laws that governed other men couldn't touch him, he made straight for any goal he set himself, however rarified and dazzling, even if it were folly for anyone else to even consider it.
Unknown|When one door closes, a window opens and then zombies pile in and bite you in the ass.
Bertrand Russell|I think the essence of wisdom is emancipation, as far as possible, from the tyranny of the here and now.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Here is the test of wisdom, Wisdom is not finally tested in schools, Wisdom cannot be pass’d from one having it to another not having it, Wisdom is of the soul, is not susceptible of proof, is its own proof, Applies to all stages and objects and qualities and is content, Is the certainty of the reality and immortality of things, and the excellence of things; Something there is in the float of the sight of things that provokes it out of the soul.
Jochebed Gwamna|Solomon had a good thing going. He asked for wisdom and he got it, riches, and power. I think I'm going to ask for wisdom too.
Agu Jaachynma N.E.|Motherhood isn't just about making babies, it's about making lives and molding destinies.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Because if works doesn't mean that it's right, once can be successfully wrong~Dad to his Son...(Psalms 37:7)
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|The wise learn from their own mistakes, the smart from others mistake, but the great learn from others people's success. What are you?
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Not every good idea is God's perfect will for you; it may need discerning, wisdom and experience to tell the difference.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|My past still haunts me when I sleep, although I saw that - much to my surprise- his does as well.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|But then, as I looked in the mirror, I became fixated on some hairs near my carotid artery that were still there. I pushed the blade deep against my neck to shave them off, and then blood squirted out.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|A few minutes later, my eyes began to feel a bit droopy, but I vaguely noticed that Anissa was whispering something.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|The lead-up to the moment was magical in every respect, but a part of me was, and still is, uneasy about the whole thing for many reasons.
Sunday Adelaja|Instead of complaining, discover ways, tactics and tricks on how to reach out to people
Daphne du Maurier, My Cousin Rachel|Truth was something intangible, unseen, which sometimes we stumbled upon and did not recognize, but was found, and held, and understood only by old people near their death, or sometimes by the very pure, the very young.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|What is there in this big wide world for a man to talk about with certainty besides his homeland, home and family?
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Most of our brains are out, but it is good what they did for themselves by leaving this country. They are Cameroon’s reserve for development, for the day that this country shall be free. Your late father was an intelligent man. He was even more than that. He was a sage. He once said to me that the intelligent Bamilekés are those who have sought a better future for themselves and for their families in British Cameroons. He was right. They have not been brainwashed as much as their francophone brothers have. If he were alive today, I am sure he would have judged that the intelligent Cameroonians are those who have sought refuge out of Cameroon.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|The Cameroonian soul is genuine. It is noble, and it embodies humanism.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|The good shall prevail in the end, the truth shall be the rule and the Cameroonian soul shall be free,” Hans said in an emotion-choked voice, “However, we should never lose our heads; we should always be prepared to forgive all the repentant souls.
King Solomon|Through wisdom your days will be many, and years will be added to your life…By wisdom a house is built, by understanding it is established; And by knowledge the rooms are filled with all precious and pleasant riches.
John   Kramer, Blythe|Ignorance has one virtue: persistence. It will insist through dogged persistence on leading others to follow its vision no matter how misguided. Ignorance will drive the world to the brink of failure and catastrophe and beyond into the abyss with arrogance and anger because wisdom is often too polite to fight. Wisdom doesn’t like to impose its will, but that is all ignorance understands—force over free will and choice. Sooner or later the world comes to its senses, but oh the damage that has been done.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|…what else do we have to ensure our sanity except our love for something beyond ourselves―our love for our families, our love for our fatherland?
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|In addition to my new outlook on life, in some absurdly simple way, Anissa gave me several new reasons to live. Above all, I had to see her again and find out what, if anything, would happen between her and me.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|But I did feel the vertigo of death’s invitation, beckoning me towards the dark waters below. Only a newfound perspective and desire steadied my wavering soul. I came to realize, just in time, that suicide was far too easy – and obscenely cowardly – after someone I knew, not even half my age, had been through so much worse and still marched gloriously on.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|She was somehow this damaged creature I had fortuitously encountered along my path and now cared about as a result. Granted, I didn't cause her harm, as I did with Icarus, but I somehow began to feel responsible for her welfare.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Sun, the Stars, the Seas with all other things were made by the Divine Being, God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My grandma, Mrs Grace Ayorkor Acquah, said, "Money matters is only a matter of fancy.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|A man’s true world should be the space and people that enrich his soul,
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|Remember these, Sons! Truth presented with tenderness enriches the soul of man and enhances humanity in the process. A Franco-Cameroonian relation based on truth and nurtured with tenderness will be to the benefit not only of Kamerun and France, but also of mankind as a whole.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Where else can we find happiness for a day other than from something that can offer momentary relief, something like the booze?
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|A woman’s love is all a man should expect from his wife. That love could be translated into so many positive things, especially if it is reciprocated.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Sons, any man who is considered a success in life owes a lot to society. We have been very blessed, my dear sons. We have to show our appreciation to our society for making that possible. A time will come when you will meet other Kamerunians who share the same vision for this land. I am advising you to make them partners in our common goals when that time comes. We shouldn’t shy away from playing a formidable role in financing that political force that shall emerge. We must use our influence to ensure that it succeeds.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Even with all its positive attributes, capitalism in its imperialistic form is the most treacherous system mankind ever devised. It is driven by a selfishness that has an almost religious underlining to it.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Our love for our country is worth nothing if it deprives us of our sense of humanity, if it destroys positive consensus.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Always strive to get what you want, what you need, especially if your intentions are good and nobody gets hurt in the process.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Men have the blood of their fathers and the passions of their mothers, in the same sense that women have the blood of their mothers and the passions of their fathers. We often find ourselves trapped in life when we fail to balance the two. The most unusual of men are those who are haunted by the warped blood of their fathers and the untamed passions of their mothers. They become either the legends of the legends that mankind remembers for generations or they end up as the fools of their time,
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|True heroes and ideas never fall in the final sense of the word. They can only encounter temporary setbacks in their difficult journey to progress and success,
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|...only the dreamers of a dream are capable of translating their dreams into worthy practical endeavors that are devoid of haunting errors. After all, they are the ones who carefully observed the link between their dreams and reality; they are the ones who worked consciously to blend them into one.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|A revolutionary who is out to defeat his enemies could use their weapons, but not their rules.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|The people are like an audience watching a drama. They have characters whose sides they chose even before the start of the show, but they know little or nothing about the people behind the stage―the manipulators.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|...We find our greatest peace when we embrace something that gives meaning to our lives. Often, it is love for somebody or something we can give up our lives for, or somebody or something that we are sure will never betray us. That love could be for a partner, for our offspring, for a country or for a belief...
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Hope is soothing, but it can become deceptive if we cling to it as the last resort against reality,
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|The Romans construed Jesus Chris’s crucifixion as a defeat, but what do we have today? Christianity triumphed. Jesus Christ never betrayed himself, he never betrayed his mission and he never corrupted the ideas that God wants us to live by. The Cameroonian soul is genuine. It is noble, and it embodies humaneness. There is no reason to try to kill it because it will triumph ultimately.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Midnight at the Electric|I think that's what you say when you can't have something you want, isn't it? You say you don't want it in the first place.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|There's nothing you can do about the past." "You're wrong. I can learn from it..." Tariq dug his heels into his stallion's flanks, and the horse shot forward, painting a dark smudge across the sand. "And I can make sure it never happens again!
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|One of the first lessons I learned in working life was that you don't need to like every one of your colleagues, and they don't need to like you either. You just have to respect them, and getting their respect in return.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Wisdom is not in having resources, it's in knowing how to use them, when to use them & if to use them.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|The grass is greener on the other side, but often this is just an illusion. Most probably, everyone is as unhappy as you.
Anamika Mishra|Your inner voice is your signboard, follow it
Hetty Green|When good things are so low that no one wants them, I buy them and lay them away in the safe; when owing to some new development, they go up and my shares are so needed that men will pay well for them, I am ready to sell.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Religion without reason is merely an illusion of religion – it is a mockery of religion, like it has become today.
Angela Vallely|No matter what your struggles are, everyone has their own level of greatness.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Foolishness is not a lack of resources, it's the lack of wisdom.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Never, never, never, on cross-examination ask a witness a question you don't already know the answer to.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Shoot all the blue jays you want, if you can hit ‘em, but remember it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|When the mind is without fear and prejudice, and the head is held high with the strength of reasoning, then only the brightest rays of religion can penetrate the darkest corners of the human society.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Mistakes focus our minds on specific details. They weed out truths and afford us goals, bringing straight to our attention lessons to be learned. Mistakes are not meant to make us failures; they are meant to make us wise.
Louise Hay|I grew up with absolutely no religion at all, and it was probably one of the best things that happened to me. I didn't have to unlearn anything.
Hopal Green|Look into yourself, Think about what you will need in the long run and not what you think you want now. #wisdom!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We are each warriors of our own times. When we step out of our protective shell, we each encounter forces much more powerful than we are. What we learn through testing ourselves on the combat zones of our eon becomes the textbook protocol for how we shall live out the remainder of our life. The glorious skirmishes and daunting conflicts that we encounter, and what we learn from vigorous engagements on the battlefield of time, inscribe the story of our lives. Spiritual leaders help guide us in our times of doubt and self-questioning. Recognizing the value of the mentorship of spiritual guides in their self-questing ventures, persons who endure immense adversity wish to reciprocate their love of humanity by sharing the scored story of their episodic journey through the corridors of time and relay the incisive truths they discovered to any other travelers with a willing ear.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|Success and accomplishments aren't the golden "good life" goals. Instead, having a good life is simple. For an old man to be happy, he just wants to watch the fireworks with his granddaughter on Chinese New Year's Eve.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|After which, satisfied with the way he had conducted himself at Meung, free of remorse for the past, confident in the present, and full of hope for the future, he went to bed and slept the sleep of the just.
Kent Nerburn, Neither Wolf nor Dog: On Forgotten Roads with an Indian Elder|They say that perhaps it is not by love, but by blood, that land is bought. They say that perhaps my people had to die to nourish this earth with their truth. Your people did not have ears to hear. Perhaps we had to return to the earth, so that we could grow within your hearts. Perhaps we have come back and will fill the hills and valleys with our song. Who is to know?
Emil M. Cioran|What are the occupations of the sage? He resigns himself to seeing, to eating, etc…., he accepts in spite of himself this “wound with nine openings,” which is what the Bhagavad-Gita calls the body.―Wisdom? To undergo with dignity the humiliation inflicted upon us by our holes.
Alexandra Silber, After Anatevka: A Novel Inspired by Fiddler on the Roof|Free a man of the constraints that limit and inhibit his development, and you have a free human being. Freedom is the natural state of man.” He looked away from the boy for a moment and recalled his youth, his own search for self. “My boy,” he imparted with a ferocious passion that shook them both by the throat, “there is nothing negative about our human potential—do you understand me? God Himself created you the way you are. Do not let anyone in this world convince you otherwise. And you are capable of anything, my boy. There is and shall always be a disparity among the gifts God has granted men, but we all deserve equal consideration. All men, no matter how low, how basic, or how tormented, deserve compassion, dignified brotherhood, and respect.	“But part of respecting all men is respecting ourselves. Recognizing that God has blessed you. By embracing these gifts, we live as God lives, with love for all He has created—with an open heart.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|All the tools, techniques and technology in the world are nothing without the head, heart and hands to use them wisely, kindly and mindfully
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Feeding the ego is starving the wisdom, the choice is yours.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|So, there’s this hornet’s nest. And there’s this long stick. And then there’s me. How I walk away from all of this will depend on whether I realize that some things go together and some things don’t no matter how hard you try.
Debbie Macomber, Twenty Wishes|Emotions can become habits - she said haltingly as she wiped her eyes. But habits can be changed".
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If you can get others to believe that your random guesses are actual answers, they’ll never guess that you never understood the question in the first place.
Enock Maregesi|Mfalme Sulemani alikuwa mtu mwenye hekima kuliko wote ulimwenguni. Anatushauri, “Adui yako akiwa ana njaa, mpe chakula; Tena akiwa ana kiu, mpe maji ya kunywa; Maana utatia makaa ya moto kichwani pake; Na BWANA atakupa thawabu (Mithali 25:21-22). Yesu anasema jambo fulani linalofanana sana na hilo katika mafundisho Yake yaliyofuata (Mathayo 5:44-45). Kitendo cha kutukanwa, kupigwa, kushtakiwa au kulazimishwa kubeba mzigo mzito usio wa kwako kinaweza kusababisha mafutu mabaya kabisa katika asili ya binadamu. Yaani, chuki, hasira, ukatili na hata vurugu. Lakini pale wale waliobarikiwa kuwa na hekima wanapojikuta katika majaribu makubwa kama hayo tabia yao haitakiwi kuwa ya shari, inda au ya kulipiza kisasi. Bali inatakiwa kuwa ya kusaidia, kuwa na ridhaa ya kutenda mambo mema, na kuwa mwema kwa wengine siku zote.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|If they had learned anything together, it was that wisdom comes to us when it can no longer do any good.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|A lot of the situations that we put ourselves in are similar to a cat in a yard full of dogs. We rarely ask ourselves how we got here, (which doesn’t help with the question of how we get out of here), all of which rarely keeps us from finding ourselves in the next yard asking the same questions.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Mindfulness and compassion can give you the power, illumination, love, and wisdom to draw higher forms, thoughts, feelings, and situations into your life.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Arise, my friend – the world is wailing for kindness – it is wailing for compassion – it is wailing for love.
Sunday Adelaja|To be productive, effective and to live a life of understanding and wisdom is not to waste time
Gift Gugu Mona|I will always appreciate those who made me go through rough times because without those, I wouldn't have the wisdom and power that lies within me now.
Sunday Adelaja|To fully communicate with people, you need to find tactics that would interest them
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|Never be afraid of opportunities, always be on the lookout for adventures.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|True Love is when you are able to see yourself in another, when you recognize that there is no separation between you and any other Being in the Universe.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Have you ever had a dream that you were certain was real, only to wake up and realize that everyone and everything in the dream was really you? Well this is how many mystics describe the nature of our reality, as a dream in which we think we are individual personalities existing in the physical universe. But eventually, like in all dreams, we will wake up. Except in this dream we do not wake up to realize we are still in the world, we awake from the world to realize that we are God.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|All of Nature follows perfectly geometric laws. The Ancient Egyptian, Greek, Peruvian, Mayan, and Chinese cultures were well aware of this, as Phi—known as the Golden Ratio or Golden Mean—was used in the constructions of their sculptures and architecture.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|You are not limited to this body, to this mind, or to this reality—you are a limitless ocean of Consciousness, imbued with infinite potential. You are existence itself.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|In Advaita Vedanta, and in many other ancient wisdom traditions, the world is said to be an illusion. This illusion is commonly referred to as maya, a Sanskrit name which refers to the apparent, or objective reality which is superimposed on the ultimate reality in order to generate the phenomena of what we call the material world. Maya is the magic by which we create duality—by which we create two worlds from one. This creation is an illusory creation—it is not real—it is an imaginary manifestation of the one Universal Consciousness, appearing as all of the various phenomena in objective reality. Maya is God’s, or Consciousness’s, creative power of emptying or reflecting itself into all things and thus creating all things—the power of subjectivity to take on objective appearance.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Examples of fractals are everywhere in nature. They can be found in the patterns of trees, branches, and ferns, in which each part appears to be a smaller image of the whole. They are found in the branch-like patterns of river systems, lightning, and blood vessels. They can be seen in snowflakes, seashells, crystals, and mountain ranges. We can even see the holographic and fractal-like nature of reality in the structure of the Universe itself, as the clusters of galaxies and dark matter resemble the neurons in our brain, the mycelium network of fungi, as well as the network of the man-made Internet.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|When we perceive the stars, the stars are the object of our perception—they exist within us. When we perceive the ocean, the ocean is also within us. The idea that things exist outside of our Consciousness is an illusion. Ancient wisdom traditions have known this for centuries, and even modern science has recognized that our sense organs merely receive information and project it within our own minds. Vision does not take place in the eye, but in an area located in the back of the brain. Everything that we perceive to be “out there” is being experienced “in here.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We are only able to disrespect, mistreat, and harm one another when we forget that the other person is us; when we only see the objects of form, and not the subjective Consciousness that lies within. Lust, greed, violence, selfishness—all arise from perceiving others in terms of their individual differences, seeing them only as bodies, and what we can get from them as bodies, rather than acknowledging the Being that lies within the body.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Negative means separating energies, while positive means unifying energies. It’s not about being ‘good’ or ‘bad’ – energy is quite neutral, actually… one just feels better. Simply imagine that being negative creates distance between the hearts of two people, while being positive brings them closer together.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Our beliefs shape how we perceive reality to be, and the belief that shapes our current perception of reality was adopted by the worldview of Newtonian physics, which asserts that reality is objective—that there is a material universe existing outside of our experience. But this isn’t true; there is no material universe outside of you; the Universe takes form through you.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Everything exists as information in a field of infinite possibilities, and it is our Consciousness that renders the information and causes it to appear as the material world.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|You are not a small and unimportant creature confined to the form of this physical body, contrary to popular belief. At the core of your being you are pure awareness, and this awareness is the same source from which everything in the Universe arises, exists as, and returns to. Consciousness is the dimension of yourself that you have forgotten you are, and of which you long to return to.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Jehovah, the Christian name for God derived from the Hebrew Yahweh, (from the letters YHWH), is translated as "I AM." YOU ARE the essence of life—the Cosmic Consciousness that creates, lives in, and destroys all things. In Buddhism, your true nature is referred to as your “Buddha Nature.” Muslims refer to it as Allah, Native tribes have often called it the Great Spirit, Taoists refer to it as the Tao, and numerous other cultures throughout history have all created their own distinctive names for it. But the one eternal reality that these cultures point to remains the same—and this reality is YOU.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|The world exists because your mind exists. If your mind didn’t exist, there would be no world. As you look at these words, you see them in what appears to be a reality outside of you. What you are really seeing is the image that your mind is creating from the electrical signals being sent to your brain. While they may appear to be outside of you, this is an illusion, they exist within your own mind, and are being projected to appear as if they are outside of you. This apparent reality that is projected by our minds, is maya, and to believe that maya is the ultimate reality is a result of ignorance, or avidya in Sanskrit.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|God is the ultimate ground of Being, and this ultimate ground of Being is YOU. For one who realizes their true nature as God, as Consciousness, life becomes a joy without end.
Kwaku Owusu Jnr|If you don't go through the shaking, you shall never be ready for the making.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|Each young person is a poet of sorts, trying to sort out the poetics of their inner life and its relation to the great world around it. Each elder is a philosopher of sorts, trying to sort out the meanings and gleanings of a life as well as the necessary implications of the presence of death.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|It’s true that many overly negative people actually fear letting go of their negativity, and it’s because it has become a part of their identity. If this is the case, make it a smoother transition by releasing and replacing one negative opinion at a time. It certainly is an identity shift, but it’s one that brings greater fulfillment and life satisfaction.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Hijo de tigre, no siempre sale pintado. Siempre ahi esa excepción.
Amit Trivedi, Riding The Roller Coaster: Lessons from financial market cycles we repeatedly forget|In a bull market, everyone becomes an expert! In a bear market, everyone becomes wise!
Vineet Raj Kapoor|To make your Opinion Count,you have to do something morethan just making Money.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|When we see one another as different aspects of ourselves—as ourselves experiencing a different situation and circumstance—we develop a love, a connection, and a unity that allows us to see beyond the various forms, as well as the various ways that someone may act out when they have forgotten their connection and their formless nature. If you look at another in this light, you will see a Being that is just like you, looking back at you
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|The more we humanize the society, the more we will become humans.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|What is the point of being humans, if our actions scream with more bestiality than humanity!
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We are like waves in the ocean, each with a unique character and quality on the surface, but deep down we are eternally connected to one another and to the ocean as a whole. If you practice looking beyond the surface of appearances, you will begin to see the true Being that lies within each form. You will see your Consciousness looking through the eyes of another, and it is when you see yourself in another that you cannot help but develop compassion for them; because in Truth, there is no “them,” there is only YOU, experiencing yourself from an inconceivable amount of perspectives.
Joseph P. Kauffman|According to Zen Buddhists, all things have their existence in The Void. The Void is that which is no-thing, but contains all things within it, or as some Christian mystics state, “God is Nothing; He is Utterly Other; He is the VOID.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We often try to force the experience we want to have, instead of allowing the experience we were meant to have, and in doing this, we miss out on gaining any new insight or understanding.
Enock Maregesi|Heshima hujengwa kwa hekima, haijengwi kwa misuli.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Until we heal the root cause of our suffering, and awaken to our true nature, our inherent confusion will continue to manifest itself in the world around us.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|This witnessing consciousness, this formless dimension of yourself, is the awareness in which your experience happens, yet it remains untouched by this experience at all times. It is similar to the background of white on which you are reading these words. This white background allows any and every word to exist within it, yet it is not confined to any of these words. Similarly, your awareness allows any and every form to exist within it, but it is not bound to any of these forms.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Because we feel ourselves to be separate from the world in which we live, we have also grown to feel quite alone in this world. Our sense of loneliness and isolation not only makes us feel depressed and miserable, but it also causes us to be anxious and afraid of the world and everyone in it. Because of this inherent fear, we put up all kinds of barriers to protect us from the world—barriers that we have created to keep us safe, but that really end up making us feel more alone, more miserable, and more afraid, as they prevent us from being our natural selves.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We have become disconnected from our true selves, and naturally, this has produced a deep sense of lack in our lives, causing us to endlessly search for happiness in objects, experiences, and people to fill the emptiness and make us feel whole again. We crave pleasure, material riches, and stimulating experiences—anything that will distract us from this inherent lack of connection. But no matter how hard we try to escape it, eventually the sensation returns. And that is because we are looking for the answer to our freedom in all the wrong places. We are looking for freedom in the world, when the answer to ending our suffering lies within us. Until we heal the root cause of our suffering, and awaken to our true nature, our inherent confusion will continue to manifest itself in the world around us.
Idries Shah, Wisdom of the Idiots|Our objective is to achieve, by the understanding of the Origin, the Knowledge which comes through experience.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|It is because we feel that we are separate from nature that we also feel it is okay to manipulate it, pollute it, and cause it harm. We project our inner turmoil onto the planet, causing outer turmoil. Nearly all of the disasters of our time—war, famine, oppression, social injustice, environmental pollution, extinction—arise from this delusional belief that we have an existence independent of the world we live in. All of this misery, all of this destruction, all of this pain and suffering, is caused by our failure to realize that there is no separation and that really we are all one.
DeWayne Owens|I believe in what you see is what you get, but I also believe in what you see is getting better!
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We cannot learn if we are stuck in our mind’s conditioned way of thinking. We must be open to discovering the Truth, whatever it may turn out to be. This requires a state of openness, curiosity, and sincerity, a state of pure awareness, a state of observing reality without jumping to conclusions about what reality is. This state of direct experience is known in Zen as “beginner’s mind,” and it is essential to embody this state when we want to understand our experience.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|No label can define the immensity of your True nature. You are the awareness that precedes every label, the awareness that is perceiving these words and turning them into thoughts, the awareness that creates the world with every act of observation.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|You cannot be aware of yourself, for you are awareness itself. How can a witness witness itself? That is like trying to see your own eyes without a reflection, or cut a knife with the tip of its own blade—it is impossible. The subject can only observe the object; it cannot make an object out of itself. But by the very act of observing, you indirectly know yourself as the observer, as the subject. No witnessing of the witness is needed to prove its existence.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|The modern scientist attempts to step outside of himself in order to observe himself, an attempt that is always doomed to failure. You cannot make an object out of your subjective experience, but you know that consciousness exists, simply because you exist.
Criss Jami|Store up knowledge. Then question your own knowledge in order to expand your mind, both to build and to create more space. Then store up more knowledge. And so on. That is wisdom.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We only suffer when we falsely identify with the objects that arise in our awareness, rather than with the awareness itself—when we identify with our thoughts, with our emotions, our personal history, and the many stories we tell ourselves. When you reconnect to your source—the essence of your being, the pure and impartial witness—you become free from all of the troubles of the material world; free from the world of form. You no longer feel the desire to cling to forms or depend on them for your happiness. Instead, you are free to enjoy form, free to let form be, and free to allow all forms to come and go as they please. All forms are impermanent and changing, but your consciousness, being formless, is eternal, and exists regardless of the forms that it gives life to.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Your true being, as Consciousness, is ever at peace, ever at rest, eternally existing in the dimension of here and now. It is the formless and eternal quality within you that expresses itself through the world of form.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|If your consciousness is without form, without quality, and without characteristics of any kind, would that not imply that the consciousness in every other being is also formless? And if they are all without form, how can you distinguish their consciousness from your own? What forms would you use to compare them? Isn’t the observing you exactly the same as the observing them?
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|The consciousness inhabiting your body is exactly the same as the consciousness inhabiting my body. We are one. The delusion that we are separate beings comes from identifying with the world of form—with our names, our bodies, our roles, our beliefs, our thoughts, and all of the mental constructs that we have created; but even these are more connected to the universe than we realize.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Your body and my body are both totally made up of and dependent upon the elements of the earth—the water, the air, the heat, the land, the soil and the food it produces—as well as all of the elements that these elements are dependent upon—the sun, the stars, the galaxies, and a vast field of energy and space to contain them in. Nature is our extended body, and the elements outside of our skin are just as important to our health as the elements within our skin. Our bodies are connected to the universe as a whole, and consequently to each other and the many ways in which we influence our shared environment.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|When we look at a tree, we do not see the tree for what it really is. We see how it appears to us on the surface, and we dismiss it as being just another form in the Universe. We fail to realize that the tree is connected to the Universe on every level; that all of nature is expressing itself through that single form. There can be no tree without the earth that it grows from, the sun that gives it energy, the water that nourishes its growth, and the millions of fungi and bacteria fertilizing its soil. Looking deeply into anything in nature, we realize that it is connected to the whole. We see that nature is one seamless web, and the notion that things have an existence of their own is merely an illusion.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|You do not have an existence independent of your environment, but rather you are your environment, and your environment is you.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|You are just as connected to the Universe as a finger is to a hand, or as a branch is to a tree. The entire cosmos is expressing itself through your being.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Buddhist philosophy points out that the true nature of all forms is essentially formless. Forms do not have an existence of their own, but rather they arise together, and are mutually dependent on one another. Everything in the world of form is constantly changing, constantly dying, and constantly being reborn—which is why Buddhists say that there is no-self; no form that has an existence in and of itself.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We fail to see the oneness of all things, and because of this, we unknowingly cause a lot of harm to ourselves. We pollute the Earth that we live on, cut down the trees that produce our oxygen, destroy the ecosystems of nature and the animals that maintain them, and we mistreat and harm each other, thinking that these destructive actions will not have a direct effect on us.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Every being experiences themselves as the center of their experience. Consciousness is what lies at our very core, and connects us all to each other. We may appear to be separate and individual because of the various forms our Consciousness inhabits, but below the surface the substance of our being is one and the same.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We are so fascinated by the complexity and beauty of the various forms in nature, that we have been led away from the formless dimension of Consciousness that lies at our very center. When you look at a person, you see many differences in their unique form, and often we compare, contrast, and judge one another because of the forms that we inhabit. But if you look beyond the various qualities and characteristics of form, and look another person in the eyes, you see a Being, and it is this Being that lies beneath the surface of form that connects us all. That is why the eyes are often referred to as the gateway to the soul, because they allow us to see and feel the presence of another Being, and realize our oneness.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When using the Law of Attraction to manifest one’s more desired reality, it is not simply enough to shift one’s conscious thoughts – for it is actually our beliefs that ‘attract’ the reality. Our thoughts are of our Conscious Mind, while our beliefs rest within our Subconscious Mind. The Conscious Mind acts as the objective observer and receiver of information, while the Subconscious Mind acts as storage and the subjective projector of reality. Projector meaning that the Subconscious Mind projects out, or creates, the perceived reality we see by 1) attracting the vibrational matching experiences in alignment with our beliefs, and 2) coloring the film (information) received through the Conscious Mind in accordance with our belief systems (perception). How we see reality is strongly hued by the beliefs imbedded within us.Thus: shift a belief – shift reality.For example: We are treated exactly the way we expect to be treated by the world and its people.Call to Action: Adopt beliefs that are empowering, heart-connecting, and full of gratitude and peace.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Each timewe bow to thefeet of anythingwe find riveting,the mind rises tobe surprised withnew crowningdiamonds ofcreativity.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|You alwaysdrop by, to en-lighten my mind,when my wings arefeeling heavy &i've forgottenhow tofly.
Tenzin Palmo|The more you realize, the more you realize there is nothing to realize. The idea that there's somewhere we have got to get to, and something we have to attain, is our basic delusion.
Chitra Lekha Banerjee Divakaruni|Who is truly wealthy? That man to whom the agreeable and disagreeable, wealth and woe, past and future, are the same. What is the most wondrous thing on earth? Each day countless humans enter the Temple of Death, yet the ones left behind continue to live as though they were immortal.
Gift Gugu Mona|From the sadness, learn something; from the happiness, learn something. From the setback, learn something and even from the success learn something. Never stop learning from any situation in life, for that is where the wisdom lies.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You will never attain wisdom without walking on different streets, without talking to different people, without reading different books, in short, without meeting with the things different in every aspect!
Ana Rangel & Gerry O'malley|Share your light and wisdom, let it flow outwards and touch people. By raising your energy you will help others and you will also add to the awareness of the collective consciousness.
Gina Barreca|In short, immaturity is spoiled. And what is spoiled doesn’t ripen. It goes bad early, gets bitter and withers on the vine.
DeWayne Owens|I believe in what you see is what you get, but I also believe in what you see is getting better.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Things that are truly great need nothing from me, and to somehow think that they do speaks to my utter lack of greatness.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I simply look at the map that I’ve so tediously created, it will explain why I’m laying at the bottom of this cliff looking up.
Maxim Gorki|...Vezi câte s-au întâmplat odinioară?... În zilele noastre însă nu mai întâlnești nimic, nici fapte, nici oameni, nici poveşti ca cele din trecut... Oare de ce?... Ia spune-mi! Aşa-i că nu poți să-mi spui?!... Ce știi tu? Ce știți voi tinerii? Ehei! Privește cu luare-aminte în trecut... şi acolo vei găsi răspuns la toate... Da voi nu vreți să vă uitați în urmă, şi, de aceea, nu știți să trăiți...Parcă eu nu văd cum e viața de astăzi? Ah, văd prea bine, cu toate că mi-a slăbit vederea! Văd că oamenii nu mai trăiesc, ci doar încearcă să trăiască, istovindu-şi în zadar toată vlaga din ei... Şi după ce s-au prădat chiar pe ei, pierzându-şi vremea în zadar, încep să se plângă de soartă. Ce amestec are ea în toate acestea? Fiecare își croiește singur soarta lui! În ziua de azi văd tot felul de oameni, dar oameni puternici nu mai văd!
Dr. Kyaciss Pfiell|He who writes to his beloved every day is not a lover, but a writer.
James Bergson|THE INTENTION OF LIFE IS NOT TO REMAIN, BUT TO EVOLVE TO SOMETHING BETTER THAN IT WAS BEFORE AT EVERY STAGE, AND FINALLY, TO SOMETHING WONDERFUL.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Old people have wisdom but not energy; young people have energy but not wisdom; energy and wisdom must be in the same body to create a much better civilisation! To do this, we will either give energy to the old or we will give wisdom to the young and for now the latter seems a more plausible action!
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Some teach youwhat can't be taught,by turning their backon you & helpingyou get internallycloser to everythingyou externallysought.
Mereda Hart Farynyk, Daughter of the Rain|He often said that knowledge is the brightest jewel in a queen’s crown. And if my mother was about, she would never fail to add, ‘when tempered by wisdom. Knowledge without comprehension is worse than ignorance.
Idries Shah, Wisdom of the Idiots|Superior experience and knowledge will be made available to a man or woman in exact accordance with his worth, capacity and earning of it
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|If we feel good, we can keep going in the direction of the reality we’re creating. If we don’t feel good, we may reflect upon our beliefs and change them according to the reality we do wish to create.
Roman Payne, Hope and Despair|Our lips were for each other and our eyes were full of dreams. We knew nothing of travel and we knew nothing of loss. Ours was a world of eternal spring, until the summer came.
Roman Payne|Ô, Muse of the Heart’s Passion,let me relive my Love’s memory,to remember her body, so brave and so free,and the sound of my Dreameress singing to me,and the scent of my Dreameress sleeping by me,Ô, sing, sweet Muse, my soliloquy!
Drishti Bablani, Wordions|In essence the journey to wisdom is a study of self,The conscious, sub-conscious and unconscious self.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Only the learned read old books, and... now... they are of all men the least likely to acquire wisdom by doing so. ...[G]reat scholars are now as little nourished by the past as the most ignorant mechanic who holds that "history is bunk..." [for] ...when a learned man is presented with any statement in an ancient author, the one question he never asks is whether it is true. He asks who influenced the ancient writer, and how far the statement is consistent with what he said in other books, and what phase in the writer's development, or in the general history of thought, it illustrates, and how it affected later writers, and how often it has been misunderstood (specially by the learned man's colleagues) and what the general course of criticism on it has been for the last ten years, and what is the "present state of the question." To regard the ancient writer as a possible source of knowledge-to anticipate that what he said could possibly modify your thoughts or your behavior-this would be rejected as unutterably simple-minded. ... [Therefore, even though] learning makes a free commerce between the ages... every generation [is cut] off from all others... [and] ...characteristic errors of one [are not] corrected by the characteristic truths of another.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|We live that we might have experience; that through it we might gain wisdom, compassion, faith, and inner strength.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|‪A wise man once said, 'Life is like breathing. If you try to hold it, you'll lose it. But let it come & go & you'll always be connected to it.'‬
Chris Heimerdinger, Gadiantons and the Silver Sword|The Lord commands us to learn and discover all we can in this life. There's nothing wrong with wanting to know the mysteries of outer space or the latent powers of the mind. The problem comes when we desire to use that knowledge for our own gratification, rather than to build the kingdom of God.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|It's hard to know what's right in this life,' she said. 'We do what we can, but what we really need is mercy. Do you know who taught me that?' A grin. 'You.'"P459
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Please don't be overly sober with your precious wings, it's your addiction to freedom that makes me think that i too can defy gravity.
Gift Gugu Mona|I understand why King Solomon asked for wisdom from God. For wisdom is like oil to a lamp, what would be the essence of having a lamp without oil in darkness?.
Jennifer Niven, Velva Jean Learns to Fly|You shouldn't spend all your time worrying about the love that leaves, because then you might overlook the love that was always there.
James Rozoff|What is wisdom? It is the result of multiple paradigms brought to their intellectual furthest reaches and balanced and merged together. The fundamentalist, the person who only sees life through a single lens, can never hope for wisdom.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|The little Otak was hiding in the rafters of the house, as it did when strangers entered. There it stayed while the rain beat on the walls and the fire sank down and the night wearing slowly along left the old woman nodding by the hearthpit. Then the otak crept down and came to Ged where he lay stretched stiff and still upon the bed. It began to lick his hands and wrists, long and patiently, with its dry leaf-brown tongue. Crouching beside his head it licked his temple, his scarred cheek, and softly his closed eyes. And very slowly under that soft touch Ged roused. He woke, not knowing where he had been or where he was or what was the faint grey light in the air about him, which was the light of dawn coming to the world. Then the otak curled up near his shoulder as usual, and went to sleep.Later, when Ged thought back upon that night, he knew that had none touched him when he lay thus spirit-lost, had none called him back in some way, he might have been lost for good. It was only the dumb instinctive wisdom of the beast who licks his hurt companion to comfort him, and yet in that wisdom Ged saw something akin to his own power, something that went as deep as wizardry. From that time forth he believed that the wise man is one who never sets himself apart from other living things, whether they have speech or not, and in later years he strove to learn what can be learned, in silence, from the eyes of animals, the flight of birds, the great slow gestures of trees
Bertrand Russell|When a man tells you he knows the exact truth about anything, you are safe in inferring he is an inexact man.
Deyth Banger|First it was "The Silent Generation", then "Generation Boomers", then "Generation X", then "Generation Y" and as last "Generation Z".
Robert Walser, Jakob von Gunten|cuando se es joven hay que ser un cero a la izquierda, pues no existe nada más perjudicial que destacar pronto, prematuramente, en cualquier cosa.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Sin, blasphemy, heresy – all these are primitive ideas created by primitive creatures, unworthy of the title “human”.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Shallow intellect is worse than ignorance. Ignorance can be treated with knowledge, but shallow intellect, that is illusion of knowledge, is untreatable and quite dangerous to the progress and wellbeing of humanity.
James Rozoff|Sometimes you come to realize you understand something but you can’t explain it to anyone, not even yourself. This is perhaps the most sacred kind of understanding.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|Don't think or judge, just listen.
Sigmund Freud|One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
C. JoyBell C.|We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such a thing as an ocean, a sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better.
Judith McNaught, Remember When|There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.
C. JoyBell C.|There is no such thing as a "broken family." Family is family, and is not determined by marriage certificates, divorce papers, and adoption documents. Families are made in the heart. The only time family becomes null is when those ties in the heart are cut. If you cut those ties, those people are not your family. If you make those ties, those people are your family. And if you hate those ties, those people will still be your family because whatever you hate will always be with you.
Maya Angelou|No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow.
C. JoyBell C.|Last night I lost the world, and gained the universe.
Seneca|True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing. The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|No one loses anyone, because no one owns anyone. That is the true experience of freedom: having the most important thing in the world without owning it
C. JoyBell C.|You can be the most beautiful person in the world and everybody sees light and rainbows when they look at you, but if you yourself don't know it, all of that doesn't even matter. Every second that you spend on doubting your worth, every moment that you use to criticize yourself; is a second of your life wasted, is a moment of your life thrown away. It's not like you have forever, so don't waste any of your seconds, don't throw even one of your moments away.
Robert Frost|Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
C. JoyBell C.|I am my own biggest critic. Before anyone else has criticized me, I have already criticized myself. But for the rest of my life, I am going to be with me and I don't want to spend my life with someone who is always critical. So I am going to stop being my own critic. It's high time that I accept all the great things about me.
Elizabeth Scott, Perfect You|Things end. People leave. And you know what? Life goes on. Besides, if bad things didn't happen, how would you be able to feel the good ones?
Woody Allen|If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|When you go through a hard period,When everything seems to oppose you,... When you feel you cannot even bear one more minute,NEVER GIVE UP!Because it is the time and place that the course will divert!
C. JoyBell C.|And I told him, I said: "One day you're going to miss the subway because it's not going to come. One of these days, it's going to break down and it's not going to come around and everyone else will just wait for the next one or will take the bus, or walk, or run to the next station: they will go on with their lives. And you're not going to be able to go on with your life! You'll be standing there, in the subway station, staring at the tube. Why? Because you think that everything has to happen perfectly and on time and when you think it's going to happen! Well guess what! That's not how things happen! And you'll be the only one who's not going to be able to go on with life, just because your subway broke down. So you know what, you've got to let go, you've got to know that things don't happen the way you think they're going to happen, but that's okay, because there's always the bus, there's always the next station...you can always take a cab.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I've come to believe that there exists in the universe something I call "The Physics of The Quest" — a force of nature governed by laws as real as the laws of gravity or momentum. And the rule of Quest Physics maybe goes like this: "If you are brave enough to leave behind everything familiar and comforting (which can be anything from your house to your bitter old resentments) and set out on a truth-seeking journey (either externally or internally), and if you are truly willing to regard everything that happens to you on that journey as a clue, and if you accept everyone you meet along the way as a teacher, and if you are prepared – most of all – to face (and forgive) some very difficult realities about yourself... then truth will not be withheld from you." Or so I've come to believe.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|I knew who I was this morning, but I've changed a few times since then.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|Hearts may break, but hearts are the toughest of muscles, able to pump for a lifetime, seventy times a minute, and scarcely falter along the way. Even dreams, the most delicate and intangible of things, can prove remarkably difficult to kill.
C. JoyBell C.|I have realized; it is during the times I am far outside my element that I experience myself the most. That I see and feel who I really am, the most! I think that's what a comet is like, you see, a comet is born in the outer realms of the universe! But it's only when it ventures too close to our sun or to other stars that it releases the blazing "tail" behind it and shoots brazen through the heavens! And meteors become sucked into our atmosphere before they burst like firecrackers and realize that they're shooting stars! That's why I enjoy taking myself out of my own element, my own comfort zone, and hurling myself out into the unknown. Because it's during those scary moments, those unsure steps taken, that I am able to see that I'm like a comet hitting a new atmosphere: suddenly I illuminate magnificently and fire dusts begin to fall off of me! I discover a smile I didn't know I had, I uncover a feeling that I didn't know existed in me... I see myself. I'm a shooting star. A meteor shower. But I'm not going to die out. I guess I'm more like a comet then. I'm just going to keep on coming back.
C. JoyBell C.|Our bodies have five senses: touch, smell, taste, sight, hearing. But not to be overlooked are the senses of our souls: intuition, peace, foresight, trust, empathy. The differences between people lie in their use of these senses; most people don't know anything about the inner senses while a few people rely on them just as they rely on their physical senses, and in fact probably even more.
Amy Harmon, Making Faces|True beauty, the kind that doesn't fade or wash off, takes time. It takes incredible endurance. It is the slow drip that creates the stalactite, the shaking of the Earth that creates mountains, the constant pounding of the waves that breaks up the rocks and smooths the rough edges. And from the violence, the furor, the raging of the winds, the roaring of the waters, something better emerges, something that would have otherwise never existed.And so we endure. We have faith that there is purpose. We hope for things we can't see. We believe there are lessons in loss, power in love, and that we have within us the potential for a beauty so magnificent, our bodies can't contain it.
Paulo Coelho, Like the Flowing River|Sometimes, we are so attached to our way of life that we turn down wonderful opportunities simply because we don't know what to do with it.
C. JoyBell C.|Ends are not bad things, they just mean that something else is about to begin. And there are many things that don't really end, anyway, they just begin again in a new way. Ends are not bad and many ends aren't really an ending; some things are never-ending.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|True beauty is not related to what color your hair is or what color your eyes are. True beauty is about who you are as a human being, your principles, your moral compass.
C. JoyBell C.|There is a magnificent, beautiful, wonderful painting in front of you! It is intricate, detailed, a painstaking labor of devotion and love! The colors are like no other, they swim and leap, they trickle and embellish! And yet you choose to fixate your eyes on the small fly which has landed on it! Why do you do such a thing?
J.K. Rowling, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: The Original Screenplay|Newt Scamander : "My philosophy is that worrying means you suffer twice.
Tere Liye, Ayahku (Bukan) Pembohong|Hidup harus terus berlanjut,tidak peduli seberapa menyakitkan atau membahagiakan, biar waktu yg menjadi obat
C. JoyBell C.|I am an extremely sincere individual. I am sincere, to a fault. One of the many things that I have come to realize, to learn, is that sincerity must be reserved and given only to those who deserve it. And one must save one's emotions, channeling them only to the people who are worthy of it. One must not throw one's pearls to the pigs.
Harry Crews|There is something beautiful about all scars of whatever nature. A scar means the hurt is over, the wound is closed and healed, done with.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dream Chaser|My father used to say that life is what you make it. Today is the first day of the rest of your life. You can’t change the past, but the future isn’t set in stone. You can effect a change there. Move forward not with hatred or love. Move forward with purpose. (Simone)
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|In the future, there will be no female leaders. There will just be leaders.
Maya Angelou|To those who are given much, much is expected.
C. JoyBell C.|It's definitely difficult being a woman and growing up a girl. When you're graceful, people say you lack personality; when you're serene, people say you're boring; when you're confident, people say you're arrogant; when you're feminine, people say you're too girly; and when you climb trees, people say you're too much of a tomboy! As a woman, you really need to develop a very strong sense of self and the earlier you can do that, the better! You have to be all the things that you are, without allowing other people's ignorance change you! I realized that they don't know what grace is, they can't identify serenity, they have inferiority complexes, they are incapable of being feminine, and they don't know how to climb trees!
Jim Henson|Watch out for each other. Love everyone and forgive everyone, including yourself. Forgive your anger. Forgive your guilt. Your shame. Your sadness. Embrace and open up your love, your joy, your truth, and most especially your heart.
C. JoyBell C.|I believe in strong women. I believe in the woman who is able to stand up for herself. I believe in the woman who doesn't need to hide behind her husband's back. I believe that if you have problems, as a woman you deal with them, you don't play victim, you don't make yourself look pitiful, you don't point fingers. You stand and you deal. You face the world with a head held high and you carry the universe in your heart.
C. JoyBell C., Saint Paul Trois Chateaux: 1948|Sometimes the things that are felt the most are expressed between two souls over the distance and over time...where no words abide. And others may speak freely, live with one another freely, express themselves freely– just like everyone else, but then there is you... you have no words for proof of reassurance, no tokens of professed love, but you have something. Something worth keeping.
C. JoyBell C.|You can run away from yourself so often, and so much, just because the broken pieces of you cut your feet too deeply if you stay around for too long. But then what if someone were to come along and pick up those pieces for you? Then you wouldn't have to run away from yourself anymore. You could stop running. If someone sees you as something worth staying with— maybe you'll stay with yourself, too.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|We follow the codes not because they bring gain, but because we loathe the people we would otherwise become.
Mary Haskell|Nothing you become will disappoint me; I have no preconception that I'd like to see you be or do. I have no desire to forsee you, only to discover you. You can't disappoint me
C. JoyBell C.|There are still some wonderful people left in this world! They are diamonds in the rough, but they're around! You'll find them when you fall down– they're the ones who pick you up, who don't judge, and you had to fall down to see them! When you get up again, remember who your true friends are!
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, Wings of Fire: An Autobiography|Dreams are not those which comes while we are sleeping, but dreams are those when u don't sleep before fulfilling them.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Because I don't live in either my past or my future.I'm interested only in the present".
John Paul Warren|Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.
C. JoyBell C.|As you go about your daily life, you will encounter many lemons. Sour expressions, sour attitudes, sour auras! The good thing is that if you don't want to be a lemon, you don't have to be! Just don't let those lemons rub themselves all over you! And you don't even have to save them! Let lemons be lemons! One of the most important things that I have ever learned, is that I don't have to save people.
Amari Soul, Reflections Of A Man|You just have to say to yourself, "I am not willing to accept anything less than what I deserve! I am smart! I am Beautiful! I am a good woman and I deserve to be happy!" It all starts with you.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Before you find your soul mate, you must first discover your soul.
C. JoyBell C.|If you swim effortlessly in the deep oceans, ride the waves to and from the shore, if you can breathe under water and dine on the deep treasures of the seas; mark my words, those who dwell on the rocks carrying nets will try to reel you into their catch. The last thing they want is for you to thrive in your habitat because they stand in their atmosphere where they beg and gasp for some air.
C. JoyBell C.|Peace is the number one beautiful ornament you can wear, I really believe that. They say you should always wear a smile, but I don't believe that you should "always" wear a smile, seriously, you're going to look stupid! But peace, you should always carry peace within you, its the most beautifying thing you could ever have or do. Peace makes your heart beautiful and it makes you look beautiful, too. You want to have perfect physical posture when you stand, sit, and walk, and peace is the perfect posture of the soul, really. Try perfect posture outside as well as inside. Peace creates grace and grace gives peace.
Albert Einstein|Strange is our situation here on Earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to divine a purpose. From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: that man is here for the sake of other men - above all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|And it's the funniest thing: as soon as I see it, the whistling in my ears stops and the feeling of terror drains away, and I realize this whole time I haven't been falling at all. I've been floating.
Elvis Presley, Elvis: Ultimate Gospel|When things go bad, don't go with them.
Paulo Coelho|I don't regret my painful times, i bare my scars as if they were medals. I know that freedom has a high price, as high as that of slavery; the only difference is that you pay with pleasure and a smile, even when that that smile dimmed by tears
Osho|You become more divine as you become more creative. All the religions of the world have said God is the creator. I don’t know whether he is the creator or not, but one thing I know: the more creative you become, the more godly you become. When your creativity comes to a climax, when your whole life becomes creative, you live in God. So he must be the creator because people who have been creative have been closest to him. Love what you do. Be meditative while you are doing it – whatsoever it is
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|Why do I and everyone I love pick people who treat us like we're nothing"; - "We accept the love we think we deserve,
Jared Leto|Be brave, follow dreams, say fuck you to everybody and fight for what you believe in.
C. JoyBell C.|If you walk on sunlight, bathe in moonlight, breathe in a golden air and exhale a Midas' touch; mark my words, those who exist in the shadows will try to pull you into the darkness with them. The last thing that they want is for you to see the wonder of your life because they can't see theirs.
Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment|Do not ignore you gift. Your gift is the thing you do the absolute BEST with the LEAST amount of effort."~Steve Harvey
Michael A. Singer, The Untethered Soul: The Journey Beyond Yourself|Only you can take inner freedom away from yourself, or give it to yourself. Nobody else can.
Nelson Mandela|I am not an optimist, but a great believer of hope.
C. JoyBell C.|Inside every woman, is a crazy girl. And we all know what I'm talking about. That part of you that is entangled with insecurities, fears, and absolute insanity! The art of femininity lies in the molding, pounding, and defeating of that crazy girl on a daily basis! Look at any woman, and you're looking at a woman fighting a daily battle, wielding her weapons in war, every day! I have said it before and I'll say it again: it is never easy being a woman! And if we could only pound that crazy, insecure girl out of ourselves, it would make such the difference!
C. JoyBell C.|My spirit is healthy, yes. But I tell you, my flesh is healthy too. I am enlightened and free, but I am also lustful and carnal.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|Real intimacy is a sacred experience. It never exposes its secret trust and belonging to the voyeuristic eye of a neon culture. Real intimacy is of the soul, and the soul is reserved.
C. JoyBell C.|University can teach you skill and give you opportunity, but it can't teach you sense, nor give you understanding. Sense and understanding are produced within one's soul.
Marianne Williamson|The way of the miracle-worker is to see all human behavior as one two things: either love, or a call for love.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|For those who are not frightened by the solitude, everything will have a different taste.In solitude, they will discover the love that might otherwise arrive unnoticed. In solitude, they will understand and respect the love that left them.In solitude, they will be able to decide whether it is worth asking that lost love to come back or if they should simply let it go and set off along a new path.In solitude, they will learn that saying ‘No’ does not always show a lack of generosity and that saying ‘Yes’ is not always a virtue.And those who are alone at this moment, need never be frightened by the words of the devil: ‘You’re wasting your time.’Or by the chief demon’s even more potent words: ‘No one cares about you.’The Divine Energy is listening to us when we speak to other people, but also when we are still and silent and able to accept solitude as a blessing.And when we achieve that harmony, we receive more than we asked for.
Corrie ten Boom, The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom|Father sat down on the edge of the narrow bed. "Corrie," he began gently, "when you and I go to Amsterdam-when do I give you your ticket?" I sniffed a few times, considering this. "Why, just before we get on the train." "Exactly. And our wise Father in heaven knows when we're going to need things, too. Don't run out ahead of Him, Corrie. When the time comes that some of us will have to die, you will look into your heart and find the strength you need-just in time.
Steven Spielberg|I don't dream at night, I dream at day, I dream all day; I'm dreaming for living.
Wanda E. Brunstetter, Wanda E. Brunstetter's Amish Friends Cookbook: Desserts|If you are too busy to pray, you are busier than God wants you to be.
Bella Forrest, A Shade of Vampire|No. In my eyes, she was most beautiful because at a time when she had every right to be terrified, she managed to show comfort to another person who needed it.
C. JoyBell C.|I find no importance in showing others that I am happy; it's not important to me that they know or think that I am happy but what is important to me is that I am happy. I am interested in being happy, not in making others think or know that I am.
