Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|... why I like timetables, because they make sure I don't get lost in time.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|But love, sooner or later, forces us out of time. It does not accept that limit. Of all that we feel and do, all the virtues and all the sins, love alone crowds us at last over the edge of the world. For love is always more than a little strange here. It is not explainable or even justifiable. It is itself the justifier. We do not make it. If it did not happen to us, we could not imagine it. It includes the world and time as a pregnant woman includes her child whose wrongs she will suffer and forgive. It is in the world but is not altogether of it. It is of eternity. It takes us there when it most holds us here.
James Emery White|The great opposition to reading is what I allow to fill my time instead of reading. To say we have no time to read is not really true; we simply have chosen to use our time for other things, or have allowed our time to be filled to the exclusion of reading. So don't add reading to your to-do list. Just stop doing the things that keep you from doing it. But read.
Belsebuub|Esoteric things progress not according to time, but by activity, they can be slow or quick, depending upon the efforts made.
Kathryn Lasky, Lone Wolf|You must not think of time as a quantity, a period, a measure. Look at the sky," Gwynneth said. "The moon has now slipped away to another night, into another world. It was not the time it was here that you remember, Faolan, but rather the luminescence of the air, the blue shadows cast by the trees in its light. It was not the length of the time but the quality of the moon's light that you felt and remember." Gwynneth paused. "It is the value, the quality that lives on.
Charles Alexander Eastman, Indian Heroes and Great Chieftains|Gradually it became known that the new race had a definite purpose, and that purpose was to chart and possess the whole country, regardless of the rights of its earlier inhabitants. Still the old chiefs cautioned their people to be patient, for, said they, the land is vast, both races can live on it, each in their own way. Let us therefore befriend them and trust their friendship. While they reasoned thus, the temptations of graft and self-aggrandizement overtook some of the leaders.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Because you can text while doing something else, texting does not seem to take time but to give you time. This is more than welcome; it is magical.
William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury|And so I told myself to take that one. Because Father said clocks slay time. He said time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life. The hands were extended, slightly off the horizontal at a faint angle, like a gull tilting into the wind.
Justin Taylor|It is still this moment and that will be true of every moment that follows, assuming this moment ever ends, which, if I am lucky, it won't.
Ethar El-Katatney, Forty Days and Forty Nights - in Yemen: A Journey to Tarim, the City of Light|[T]he people who are close to Allah worry so much about wasting time that they call themselves to account for every breath they spend - how many of us wonder about how we spend our day, let alone each breath?
Fola, The Seed|What is far is very close, and what is close is very far
Robert Penn Warren|you live through . . . that little piece of time that is yours, but that piece of time is not only your own life, it is the summing-up of all the other lives that are simultaneous with yours. It is, in other words, History, and what you are is an expression of History.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|It is always worth itemizing happiness, there is so much of the other thing in a life, you had better put down the markers of happiness while you can.
cG9sYXJhZGl0aWE=|I'm sure, the highest capacity of storage device, will not enough to record all our stories; because, everytime with you is very valuable data
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|[When] he's here, he's always reading. He says books stop time. I myself think he's crazy...Don't tell anyone, but when he reads something that he likes he gets real happy, turns on the music, and dances by himself, or with a broom sometimes.
George S. Clason, The Richest Man in Babylon|As for time, all men have it in abundance.
Eugene B. Sledge, With the Old Breed: At Peleliu and Okinawa|To the non-combatants and those on the periphery of action, the war meant only boredom or occasional excitement, but to those who entered the meat grinder itself the war was a netherworld of horror from which escape seemed less and less likely as casualties mounted and the fighting dragged on and on. Time had no meaning, life had no meaning. The fierce struggle for survival in the abyss of Peleliu had eroded the veneer of civilization and made savages of us all.
W. Oscar Thompson, Concentric Circles of Concern: From Self to Others Through Life-Style Evangelism|Most of our lives are crucified between two thieves, yesterday and tomorrow. We never live today. But the time to live is now. It is today.
Walter Benjamin|Memory is not an instrument for exploring the past but its theatre. It is the medium of past experience, as the ground is the medium in which dead cities lie interred.
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|For the machine meant the conquest of horizontal space. It also meant a sense of that space which few people had experienced before – the succession and superimposition of views, the unfolding of landscape in flickering surfaces as one was carried swiftly past it, and an exaggerated feeling of relative motion (the poplars nearby seeming to move faster than the church spire across the field) due to parallax. The view from the train was not the view from the horse. It compressed more motifs into the same time. Conversely, it left less time in which to dwell on any one thing.
W.G. Sebald, Austerlitz|Had I realized at the time that for Austerlitz certain moments had no beginning or end, while on the other hand his whole life had sometimes seemed to him a blank point without duration, I would probably have waited more patiently.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|But clouds bellied out in the sultry heat, the sky cracked open with a crimson gash, spewed flame-and the ancient forest began to smoke. By morning there was a mass of booming, fiery tongues, a hissing, crashing, howling all around, half the sky black with smoke, and the bloodied sun just barely visible.	And what can little men do with their spades, ditches, and pails? The forest is no more, it was devoured by fire: stumps and ash. Perhaps illimitable fields will be plowed here one day, perhaps some new, unheard-of wheat will ripen here and men from Arkansas with shaven faces will weigh in their palms the heavy golden grain. Or perhaps a city will grow up-alive with ringing sound and motion, all stone and crystal and iron-and winged men will come here flying over seas and mountains from all ends of the world. But never again the forest, never again the blue winter silence and the golden silence of summer. And only the tellers of tales will speak in many-colored patterned words about what had been, about wolves and bears and stately green-coated century-old grandfathers, about old Russia; they will speak about all this to us who have seen it with our own eyes ten years - a hundred years! - ago, and to those others, the winged ones, who will come in a hundred years to listen and to marvel at it all as at a fairy tale. ("In Old Russia")
Peter O'Donnell|On the whole I try to keep Modesty and Willie in timeless settings, which is why I avoid all the latest slang and in-words. It won't be long before 'brill' sounds as dated as 'super' does now. [Uncle Happy, 1990]
Victor Lodato, Mathilda Savitch|Time is funny lately, nothing to do with clocks.
Patricia Hampl|Time, we like to say, cures all. But maybe the old saying doesn’t mean time heals. Time cures a secret in its brine, keeping it and finally, paradoxically, destroying it. Nothing is left in that salt solution but the pain or rage, the biting shame that lodged it there. Even they are diluted or denied.
George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror|The pathway traced with blood and tears,and dust of all our father's dead,Whose backward footsteps, wandering, red,Fade to the mist of nameless years.(“The Testimony of the Suns”)
Joseph O'Neill, Netherland|No, it was simply that I was uninterested in making, as I saw it, a Xerox of some old emotional state. I was in my mid-thirties, with a marriage more or less behind me. I was no longer vulnerable to curiosity's enormous momentum. I had nothing new to murmur to another on the subject of myself and not the smallest eagerness about being briefed on Danielle's supposedly unique trajectory—a curve described under the action, one could safely guess, of the usual material and maternal and soulful longings, a few thwarting tics of character, and luck good and bad. A life seemed like an old story.
William Shakespeare|Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow,Creeps in this petty face from day to day.
George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror|A little while, their hunger unfulfilled,The mothlike worlds flit 'round the guttering sun.("Ephemera")
Cecilia Dart-Thornton, Weatherwitch|Time was spinning numerous threads for its tapestry, some to be woven together, some to entangle or fray, others merely to perish and pass away.
Michel de Certeau, The Practice of Everyday Life|Finally, the functionalist organization, by privileging progress (i.e. time), causes the condition of its own possibility--space itself--to be forgotten: space thus becomes the blind spot in a scientific and political technology. This is the way in which the Concept-city functions: a place of transformations and appropriations, the object of various kinds of interference but also a subject that is constantly enriched by new attributes, it is simultaneously the machinery and the hero of modernity.
Daniel Nayeri|You see, Valentin, there is no such thing as time. It's just a road, a path to travel on. Most of the world is on a train, traveling forward all the time, speeding toward death, with a set schedule and someone else in charge.
Jack Schmitt|Time is, in fact, a cross to bear, it passes on inexorably and remorselessly, destroying everything in its wake, save art and works of the intellect.
Gloria Naylor, The Women of Brewster Place|Time's passage through the memory is like molten glass that can be opaque or crystallize at any given moment at will: a thousand days are melted into one conversation, one glance, one hurt, and one hurt can be shattered and sprinkled over a thousand days.
Sanhita Baruah|It's been 12 years now, and I think he still can read my smiles. The way my lips stretch, making my eyes look smaller than they already are. The way my cheeks turn a little red, forming new wrinkles near my eyes. The way the dimple on my face makes a visit whenever I smile meeting someone I haven't seen in ages. It's been 12 years now, and I haven't smiled at him even once.
Mário de Sá-Carneiro|His body and his soul appeared to have the strange ability to repel the hours, just as, inversely, a magnet attracts metal. Everything spun about him and fled; he was always the sole centre of an enormous circumference. He kept moving forwards, body and soul, in the hope of coming close to what fled at his approach. The same thing happened with time – his position remained constant in relation to the thing which, however hard he tried to clasp it to him, stole away from him and bounded into the distance. He was the one who had no incriminating papers in his drawers, who could show his diary to anyone. He was a creator. Perhaps that was why his life did not exist
David Grossman, Falling Out of Time|The passing time is painful. I have lost the art of moving simply, naturally, within it. I am swept back against its flow. Angry, vindictive, it pierces me all the time, all the time with its spikes.
Ralph Linton|[The] tremendous and still accelerating development of science and technology has not been accompanied by an equal development in social, economic, and political patterns...We are now...only beginning to explore the potentialities which it offers for developments in our culture outside technology, particularly in the social, political and economic fields. It is safe to predict that...such social inventions as modern-type Capitalism, Fascism, and Communism will be regarded as primitive experiments directed toward the adjustment of modern society to modern methods
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|I don't think a single one of them had any clear idea of time, as we at the end of countless ages have. They still belonged to the beginnings of time—
Vladimir Odoyevsky|It’s quite certain there are places to which the whole past is as though attached, on which are traced in secret letters for people who are centuries removed from us their thoughts, their will…
Aishabella Sheikh, Converting The Bad Boy|This is going to take forever.""I wouldn't mind spending forever with you," Zaid winked.
Dennis Sharpe, Saturday Night To Infinity|In the end, Nora, there’s only time. All we have is time…and even if this wasn’t happening, we still don’t ever have much…no one does. We only have the moment we’re in. We have right now.
Eudora Welty, The Collected Stories|Surely even those immune from the world, for the time being, need the touch of one another, or all is lost.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There would be a time, when you will ask for nothing but life.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|The creation of the world did not occur at the beginning of time, it occurs every day.
Brian Selznick, The Invention of Hugo Cabret|Time can play all sorts of tricks on you. In the blink of an eye, babies appear in carriages, coffins disappear into the ground, wars are won and lost, and children transform, like butterflies, into adults. That's what happened to me. Once upon a time, I was a boy named Hugo Cabret, and I desperately believed that a broken automaton would save my life. Now that my cocoon has fallen away and I have emerged as a magician named Professor Alcofrisbas, I can look back and see that I was right. The automaton my father discovered did save me. But now I have built a new automaton. I spent countless hours designing it. I made every gear myself, carefully cut every brass disk, and fashioned every bt of machinery with my own hands. When you wind it up, it can do something I'm sure no other automaton in the world can do. It can tel you the incredible story of Georges Melies, his wife, their goddaughter, and a beloved clock maker whose son grew up to be a magician. The complicated machinery inside my automaton can produce one-hundred and fifty-eight different pictures, and it can wrote, letter, by letter, an entire book, twenty-six thousand one hundred and fifty-nine words. These words.  THE END
John Green, Paper Towns|I spent the next three hours in classrooms, trying not to look at the clocks over various blackboards, and then looking at the clocks, and then being amazed that only a few minutes had passed since I last looked at the clocks, but their sluggishness never ceased to surprise. If I am ever told that I have one day to live, I will head straight for the hallowed halls of Winter Park High School, where a day has been known to last a thousand years.
Francine Prose, Goldengrove|And there was that trick he did with time, making it speed up when we were together and drag til I saw him again.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind.
William Faulkner, Light in August|Time, the spaces of light and dark, had long since lost orderliness.
Bianca Frazier|We spend too much time keeping up with celebrities. They're living their dreams, what about you? Are you where you want to be in life. Get off the couch, turn off the tv and start achieving your goals.
Hermann Hesse|Was then not all sorrow in time, all self-torment and fear in time? Were not all difficulties and evil in the world conquered as soon as one conquered time, as soon as one dispelled time?
E.M. Forster, Aspects of the Novel|we may say that History develops, Art stands still
Farkas Bolyai|Please give it up. Fear it no less than the sensual passion, because it, too, may take up all your time and deprive you of your health, peace of mind and happiness in life.[Having himself spent a lifetime unsuccessfully trying to prove Euclid's postulate that parallel lines do not meet, Farkas discouraged his son János from any further attempt.]
Arnold Bennett, How to Live on 24 Hours a Day|Money is far commoner than time. When one reflects, one perceives that money is just about the commonest thing there is.
Rémy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques|And there is neither beginning nor end, nor past nor future; there is only a present, at the same time static and ephemeral, multiple and absolute. It is the vital ocean in which we all share, according to our strength, our needs or our desires.
Roger Zelazny, Power & Light|Then you must reconcile yourself to the fact that something is always hurt by any change. If you do this, you will not be hurt yourself.
Dejan Stojanovic|There is only as much space, only as much time, Only as much desire, only as many words, Only as many pages, only as much ink To accept all of us at light-speed Hurrying into the Promised Land Of oblivion that is waiting for us sooner or later.
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|Time will tell, I suppose, or at least, these pages will.
Tahir Shah, In Search of King Solomon's Mines|Contemplation is a luxury, requiring time and alternatives.
Ramona Ausubel, No One is Here Except All of Us|Time was a dazzling lie, a magician worth a bird in his hat. The truth, I felt certain, was that everything happened at once. How old was I? I was every age at the same time. All the days of our lives were today.
Ian McEwan, Solar|He was thinking of that time, the way one does on long journeys when rootlessness and boredom, lack of sleep or routine can summon from out of nowhere random stretches of the past, make them as real as a haunting. --Solar
W.H. Davies|No time to see, in broad daylight,Streams full of stars, like skies at night.No time to turn at Beauty's glance,And watch her feet, how they can dance.No time to wait till her mouth canEnrich that smile her eyes began.
Eric Bredesen, Mythology & History|Light — i.e. space — is the structure of time, the essence of existence. The stuff of physics does not involve time. Orthodox contemporary physics sadly refers to this fact as “the problem of time.
William T. Vollmann, You Bright and Risen Angels|The smoke detectors began to ring; for they were battery-powered and thus still functioned, just as a record can still be played after the death of every member of the orchestra.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Man doeth this and doeth that from the good or evil of his heart; but he knows not to what end his sense doth prompt him; for when he strikes he is blind to where the blow shall fall, nor can he count the airy threads that weave the web of circumstance. Good and evil, love and hate, night and day, sweet and bitter, man and woman, heaven above and the earth beneath--all those things are needful, one to the other, and who knows the end of each?
Anthony Powell, A Question of Upbringing|For some reason, the sight of snow descending on fire always makes me think of the ancient world – legionaries in sheepskin warming themselves at a brazier: mountain altars where offerings glow between wintry pillars; centaurs with torches cantering beside a frozen sea – scattered, unco-ordinated shapes from a fabulous past, infinitely removed from life; and yet bringing with them memories of things real and imagined. These classical projections, and something in the physical attitudes of the men themselves as they turned from the fire, suddenly suggested Poussin’s scene in which the Seasons, hand in hand and facing outward, tread in rhythm to the notes of the lyre that the winged and naked greybeard plays. The image of Time brought thoughts of mortality: of human beings, facing outwards like the Seasons, moving hand in hand in intricate measure: stepping slowly, methodically, sometimes a trifle awkwardly, in evolutions that take recognisable shape: or breaking into seeminly meaningless gyrations, while partners disappear only to reappear again, once more giving pattern to the spectacle: unable to control the melody, unable, perhaps, to control the steps of the dance.
Stephen Baxter, Exultant|The past is a distraction, a source of envy, enmity, bitterness. Only the present matters, for only in the present can we shape the future.Cut loose the past; it is dead weight.Let the Extirpation continue. Let it never end.
Douglas Wilson|We are like fruitflies, measuring everything in terms of our own lifespan. But since our lifespans are so short, our perspective is entirely wrong.God, who inhabits eternity, sees things differently. He knows that our lives are just a mist. We should trust Him. It was not that long ago that Jesus came and it will not be that long before He returns.
Stephen King, Wolves of the Calla|Time, Eddie had decided during this period, was in large part created by external events. When a lot of interesting shit was happening, time seemed to go by fast. If you got stuck with nothing but the usual boring shit, it slowed down. And when everything stopped happening, time apparently quit altogether. Just packed up and went to Coney Island. Weird but true.
İlhan Berk|What is timea November leaf a child's vacillating mouth a rose a left-over, half-drunk glass of water.
Russell Hoban, Soonchild|He was thinking what a long and wide thing time is, to have so many happenings in it.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|I don't know what happened to me," he said, shaking his head. "I honestly don't." ... "You grew up, Alex.
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|Time is precious, so use it wisely in every area of your life including having a relationship with God through"The Door", Jesus Christ! No one knows how much time that they have to live, so don't allow time to run out on you!
Henry Chancellor, The Museum's Secret|Sir Henry fixed him with a keen eye.'Odd name, Tom Skatt - eh?''Thats right''You don't think we could be related?'Tom looked up at his great-great-great-uncle and smiled.'I don't think so''No,' grinned Sir Henry "no, of course not
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|Until we can navigate in time, I'm not sure that we can prove that what happened is real.
P.D. James, The Private Patient|The city which lay below was a charnel house built on multi-layered bones centuries older than those which lay beneath the cities of Hamburg or Dresden. Was this knowledge part of the mystery it held for her, a mystery felt most strongly on a bell-chimed Sunday on her solitary exploration of its hidden alleys and squares? Time had fascinated her from childhood, its apparent power to move at different speeds, the dissolution it wrought on minds and bodies, her sense that each moment, all moments past and those to come, were fused into an illusory present which with every breath became the unalterable, indestructible past. In the City of London these moments were caught and solidified in stone and brick, in churches and monuments and in bridges which spanned the grey-brown ever-flowing Thames. She would walk out in spring or summer as early as six o'clock, double-locking the front door behind her, stepping into a silence more profound and mysterious than the absence of noise. Sometimes in this solitary perambulation it seenmed that her own footsteps were muted, as if some part of her were afraid to waken the dead who had walked thse streets and had known the same silence.
Rae Armantrout, Money Shot|Ends Meet1Could betime is practice,balance,the actionexecuted in the mindbefore and after.Where does mind end?2We mark a breakwith what has come before,come through the door,down the 
Last Man Standing, WHEN YOU LIVE YOUR LIFE RIGHT, THERE'S NOTHING TO WRITE ABOUT|It turns out there is only one possible thing to do in this circumstance, to wait the only way there is to wait through eternity, and that is through creativity.
Fiddles McMonkeypants, Hidden Chapter Winter 2012|In the first of our conversations, you explained how different time was for you—how it’s an abstraction. Some hours glide past like birds, others are slow, plodding behemoths, stubborn and unwilling to leave.
Alain-Fournier, Le Grand Meaulnes|This evening, which I have tried to spirit away, is a strange burden to me. While time moves on, while the day will soon end and I already wish it gone, there are men who have entrusted all their hopes to it, all their love and their last efforts. There are dying men or others who are waiting for a debt to come due, who wish that tomorrow would never come. There are others for whom the day will break like a pang of remorse; and others who are tired, for whom the night will never be long enough to give them the rest that they need. And I - who have lost my day - what right do I have to wish that tomorrow comes?
Ovid, The Erotic Poems|Brass shines with constant usage, a beautiful dress needs wearing,Leave a house empty, it rots.
Aldous Huxley, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell|And along with indifference to space, there was an even more complete indifference to time. "There seems to be plenty of it", was all I would answer when the investigator asked me to say what I felt about time. Plenty of it, but exactly how much was entirely irrelevant. I could, of course, have looked at my watch but my watch I knew was in another universe. My actual experience had been, was still, of an indefinite duration. Or alternatively, of a perpetual present made up of one continually changing apocalypse.
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|I saw a news report recently that measured average video game use by American men between the ages of twenty-five and thirty-five: twenty hours per week. Do you mean the flower of America's masculinity can't think of anything more important to do with twenty hours a week than sit in front of a video screen? Folks, this ain't normal. Can't we unplug already?
Joe Abercrombie, The Heroes|Names turned over by time, like the plough turning the soil. Bringing up the new while the old were buried in the mud.
Jay Rayner, Eating Crow: A Novel of Apology|Too often we only identify the crucial points in our lives in retrospect. At the time we are too absorbed in the fetid detail of the moment to spot where it is leading us. But not this time. I was experiencing one of my dad’s deafening moments. If my life could be understood as a meal of many courses (and let’s be honest, much of it actually was), then I had finished the starters and I was limbering up for the main event. So far, of course, I had made a stinking mess of it. I had spilled the wine. I had dropped my cutlery on the floor and sprayed the fine white linen with sauce. I had even spat out some of my food because I didn’t like the taste of it.“But it doesn’t matter because, look, here come the waiters. They are scraping away the debris with their little horn and steel blades, pulled with studied grace from the hidden pockets of their white aprons. They are laying new tablecloths, arranging new cutlery, placing before me great domed wine glasses, newly polished to a sparkle. There are more dishes to come, more flavors to try, and this time I will not spill or spit or drop or splash. I will not push the plate away from me, the food only half eaten. I am ready for everything they are preparing to serve me. Be in no doubt; it will all be fine.” (pp.115-6)
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|Is there anything more plausible than a second hand? And yet it takes only the smallest pleasure or pain to teach us time's malleability. Some emotions speed it up, others slow it down; occasionally, it seems to go missing--until the eventual point when it really does go missing, never to return.
Robertson Davies, Tempest-Tost|Before she continued her search she sat in his revolving desk chair, and wept for the passing of time, and the necessary death of the well-loved, wise old man.
Mark A. Roeder|I had a sneaking suspicion that time was not constant, but I guess I could never prove it. I suppose it didn’t really matter. I even had a theory that time didn’t go in straight line at all. I knew I was no Albert Einstein, but I had the sneaking suspicion that everything had happened, was happening, or would happen was really happening all the time. There was no past, present, and future. Everything was going on all at once and forever. If that was true, then each moment was eternity.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Soiled, forgotten coats of arms were carved above their massive doorways, and these unsettled Ted: such universal, defining symbols made meaningless by nothing more than time.
John Ciardi, The Monster Den: or Look What Happened at My House — and to It|And the time sundials tellMay be minutes and hours. But it may just as wellBe seconds and sparkles, or seasons and flowers.No, I don't think of time as just minutes and hours.Time can be heartbeats, or bird songs, or miles,Or waves on a beach, or ants in their files(They do move like seconds—just watch their feet go:Tick-tick-tick, like a clock). You'll learn as you growThat whatever there is in a garden, the sunCounts up on its dial. By the time it is doneOur sundial—or someone's— will certainly addAll the good things there are. Yes, and all of the bad.And if anyone's here for the finish, the sunWill have told him—by sundial—how well we have done.How well we have done, or how badly. Alas,That is a long thought. Let me hope we all pass.
Ali Sparkes, Frozen in Time|Good plan," Freddy was saying. "Let's get some decent sleep. Tomorrow we can shake our gravy asses into town and do some sluething.
Stephen King|she might have been pretty when she started out, but the world had moved on since then.
Peter Duncan|What's fame, after all? It can be what someone writes on your tombstone.
Tim Lilburn, Moosewood Sandhills|Dry snow coming down in the hills. Magpies hair-triggered and thuggish in worn trees. A wall has started to fall in you, it will take years to land.
August Wilhelm Schlegel|Our mind has its own ideal time, which is no other but the consciousness of the progressive development of our beings.
Lars Fr. H. Svendsen, A Philosophy of Boredom|For Heidegger, boredom is a privileged fundamental mood because it leads us directly into the very problem complex of being and time.
Ha-Joon Chang, 23 Things They Don't Tell You About Capitalism|Above a certain level of income, the relative value of material consumption vis-a-vis leisure time is diminished, so earning a higher income at the cost of working longer hours may reduce the quality of your life. More importantly, the fact that the citizens of a country work longer than others in comparable countries does not necessarily mean that they like working longer hours. They may be compelled to work long hours, even if they actually want to take longer holidays.
Jeremy Clarkson|No really. If you only have seven years left, that means the Reaper will be dropping round for tea and buns in about 61,000 hours from now. You therefore shouldn’t be wasting time by pootling to the garden centre at walking pace. So come on, grandad. The clock’s ticking. Pedal to the metal. Or you’ll be in your flowerbed before the plants you bought.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|Those times are over and gone, and good-riddance to them, too. We were hopelessly high-spirited. Now we're the thick-waisted generation, dragging along our children behind us and carrying our parents on our backs. And we're in charge, while the figures who used to command our respect are wasting away.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|The guide invited the crowd to imagine that they were looking across a desert at a mountain range on a day that was twinkling bright and clear. They could look at a peak or a bird or cloud, at a stone right in front of them, or even down into a canyon behind them. But among them was this poor Earthling, and his head was encased in a steel sphere which he could never take off. There was only one eyehole through which he could look, and welded to that eyehole were six feet of pipe."This was only the beginning of Billy's miseries in the metaphor. He was also strapped to a steel lattice which was bolted to a flatcar on rails, and there was no way he could turn his head or touch the pipe. The far end of the pipe rested on a bi-pod which was also bolted to the flatcar. All Billy could see was the little dot at the end of the pipe. He didn't know he was on a flatcar, didn't even know there was anything peculiar about his situation. "The flatcar sometimes crept, sometimes went extremely fast, often stopped--went uphill, downhill, around curves, along straightaways. Whatever poor Billy saw through the pipe, he had no choice but to say to himself, 'That's life.
Salley Vickers|There are few things more mysterious than endings. I mean, for example, when did the Greek gods end, exactly? Was there a day when Zeus waved magisterially down from Olympus and Aphrodite and her lover Ares, and her crippled husband Hephaestus ) I always felt sorry for him), and all the rest got rolled up like a worn-out carpet?
Dick Cavett|I think I have many spenglerian moods about the country, and that some day people will look back and think 'this was a really goofy, unadmirable stupid time.
Maureen F. McHugh, Nekropolis|The Second Koran tells us that the darkness in ourselves is a sinister thing. It waits until we relax, it waits until we reach the most vulnerable moments, and then it snares us. I want to be dutiful. I want to do what I should. But when I go back to the tube, I think of where I am going; to that small house and my empty room. What will I do tonight? Make more paper flowers, more wreaths? I am sick of them. Sick of the Nekro
W.H. Auden, The Complete Works of W.H. Auden: Prose, Volume III: 1949-1955|So long as we think of it objectively, time is Fate or Chance, the factor in our lives for which we are not responsible, and about which we can do nothing; but when we begin to think of it subjectively, we feel responsible for our time, and the notion of punctuality arises.
Douglas Coupland, Player One: What Is to Become of Us|And the reason Luke is thinking about time and free will is because he believes that money is the closest human beings have ever come to crystallizing time and free will into a compact physical form. Cash. Cash is a time crystal. Cash allows you to multiply your will, and it allows you to speed up time. Cash is what defines us as a species. Nothing else in the universe has money.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|We pass through Time from birth in order to have from where to come, together with death.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|Bruno withdrew from the field of history more resolutely than Vigo; that is why I prefer the former’s retrospect but the latter’s prospect. As an anarch, I am determined to go along with nothing, ultimately take nothing seriously – at least not nihilistically, but rather as a border guard in no man’s land, who sharpens his eyes and ears between the tides.
Ruiyan Xu, The Lost and Forgotten Languages of Shanghai|Two months in Shanghai, and what does she have to show for herself? She had been full of plans on the plane ride over, had studied her phrase book as if cramming for an exam, had been determined to refine her computational model with a new set of data, expecting insights and breakthroughs, plotting notes for a new article. Only the time has trickled away so quickly. She has meandered through the days chatting with James instead of gathering data. At night, she has gone out to dinners and bars. [James'] Chinese has not improved; her computational model has barely been touched. She does not know what she has been doing with herself, and now an airplane six days away is waiting for her.
Tod Wodicka, All Shall Be Well; And All Shall Be Well; And All Manner of Things Shall Be Well|The schoolroom clock was worn raw by stares; and you couldn't look up at the big Puritanical face of it and not feel the countless years of young eyes reflected in it, urging it onwards. It was a dark, old spirit that didn't so much mark time as bequeath it.
Tod Wodicka, All Shall Be Well; And All Shall Be Well; And All Manner of Things Shall Be Well|It was difficult to imagine that a full day hadn't yet passed since we boarded the airliner in New York. I paused. Medieval man believed that one was placed beyond the touch of time, and therefore aging, while attending Mass. What, I wondered, would he have made of those hours we left up in the sky? I would not change my watch until I gave the matter more thought.
Henry Wiencek, The Hairstons: An American Family in Black and White|Genealogy becomes a mania, an obsessive struggle to penetrate the past and snatch meaning from an infinity of names. At some point the search becomes futile – there is nothing left to find, no meaning to be dredged out of old receipts, newspaper articles, letters, accounts of events that seemed so important fifty or seventy years ago. All that remains is the insane urge to keep looking, insane because the searcher has no idea what he seeks. What will it be? A photograph? A will? A fragment of a letter? The only way to find out is to look at everything, because it is often when the searcher has gone far beyond the border of futility that he finds the object he never knew he was looking for.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|The diaries of opium-eaters record how, during the brief period of ecstasy, the drugged person's dreams have a temporal scope of ten, thirty, sometimes sixty years or even surpass all limits of man's ability to experience time--dreams, that is, whose imaginary time span vastly exceeds their actual duration and which are characterized by an incredible diminishment of the experience of time, with images thronging past so swiftly that, as one hashish-smoke puts it, the intoxicated user's brain seems "to have something removed, like the mainspring from a broken watch.
Robert A. Bradley, Husband-Coached Childbirth: The Bradley Method of Natural Childbirth|We repeatedly tell patients we are not in a hurry; there are no trains to catch and we don't care when the baby comes, only how! A doctor who is in a hurry does not belong in the field of obstetrics. As my chief pointed out, 'An obstetrician should have a big rear end and the good sense to sit calmly thereupon and let nature take its course.
Carl Sagan|The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot. Think of the endless cruelties visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel on the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner, how frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds.
Jacques Vaché|You know the horrible life of the alarm clock – it’s a monster that has always appalled me because of the number of things its eyes project, and the way that good fellow stares at me when I enter a room.
Gabriel Zaid, So Many Books: Reading and Publishing in an Age of Abundance|Confronted with the choice between having time and having things, we’ve chosen to have things. Today it is a luxury to read what Socrates said, not because the books are expensive, but because our time is scarce.
Daniel Hays, On Whale Island: Notes from a Place I Never Meant to Leave|When I sit up I am greeted by the world. Level with the treetops I look down on sparrows swooping in and out of the branches. The tide, the new rising moon, the clouds, the wind - these greet me. These are my allies. The whole planet is laid out before me and available for whatever adventure the day will take me on. By comparison, living in society seems to require an alarm clock. Primarily assembled from angst and fish anuses, these contraptions, regardless of your soul's whereabouts, will slap and assault you into a pitiful state of what passes for consciousness. Your first sight is the Time, an arragement of molecules on the clock's face to whom you will be enslaved for the rest of the day. You may as well call him "master." Next, a pile of dirty clothes on the floor, a knocked-over glass of water, and so forth, until you are so overwhelmed with despair that to prevent hurling yourself through the window, you must ignore your personal bill of rights, put on an acceptable frown, and go about your business, disregarding the pleas from you increasingly timid soul.
Sarah Ash|The dusty tombs of long-dead exorcist priests lay in the alcoves below, surmounted by stone effigies, the features eroded by the passing of time and the reverent caresses of their grateful parishioners, a reminder, she knew all too well, of the brevity of life.
Chico Kidd, The Printer's Devil|Still men be clever and in an hundred centuries or more, perchance will have found a way to journey thither; when that they have discovered and understood all things on the earth. What will a man be like in the xxvii century, or even the xx? Very like unto us, I do expect; I do not think that man’s nature shall change; nor do I anticipate that he will be the wiser than we, for all his learning, for ‘tis a part of that nature which is ours that we do not heed the lessons of history: neither our own, nor the world’s.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|After the funeral, my life changed. I felt as if time were suddenly precious, water going down an open drain, and I could not move quickly enough. No more playing music at half-empty night clubs. No more writing songs in my apartment, songs that no one would hear.
William J. Reilly, How to Avoid Work|Without Time nothing is possible. Everything requires Time. Time is the only permanent and absolute ruler in the universe. But she is a scrupulously fair ruler. She treats every living person exactly alike every day. No matter how much of the world's goods you have managed to accumulate, you cannot successfully plead for a single moment more than the pauper receives without every asking for it. Time is the one great leveler. Everyone has the same amount to spend every day.
J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace|In a minute, in an hour, it will be too late; whatever is happening to her will be set in stone, will belong to the past. But now is not too late. Now he must do something
Anthony Bloom, Beginning to Pray|There is absolutely no need to run after time to catch it. It does not run away from us, it runs towards us. Whether you are intent on the next minute coming your way, or whether you are completely unaware of it, it will come your way. The future, whatever you do about it, will become thepresent, and so there is no need to try to jump out of the present into the future. We can simply wait for it to be there, and in that respect we can … be completely stable [still] and yet move in time, because it is time that moves. You know the situation when you are in a car or on a train and you sit back, if you are not driving, and you look out of the window; you can read, you can think you can relax, and yet the train moves, and at a certain moment, what was the future, whether it is the next station or the last station to which you are going, will be present.
Virginia Woolf, How Should One Read a Book?|Are they not criminals, books that have wasted our time and sympathy; are they not the most insidious enemies of society, corrupters, defilers, the writers of false books, faked books, books that fill the air with decay and disease?
Philip K. Dick, The Exegesis of Philip K. Dick|Retrograde time is forward time which has passed the turning point; then as it turns back it is freighted with the load of accumulated knowledge. It is information rich. Logically, then, in its retrograde tracking, it would divest itself of its knowledge: teach rather than learn, so that when it arrived at the other end, it would be information poor, even info empty.
Joan D. Vinge, The Snow Queen|[S]omehow, without his being aware of it, time had coated his awe with a rind of disillusionment, and the wine of wonder had turned to vinegar.
Iris Murdoch, The Sea, the Sea|The past and the present are after all so close, so almost one, as if time were an artificial teasing out of a material which longs to join, to interpenetrate, and to become heavy and very small like some of those heavenly bodies scientists tell us of.
R.A.Delmonico|Quantum entanglement and geometry; if we think of a particle as being at one pole of an expanding sphere that is not perfectly symmetrical, this surface would would be "rippling" like the surface of the ocean (in the audio world this is called dithering), at the other pole is the entangled particle and it is a property of the sphere that gives the illusion of connectivity. This is not a physical geometry, it is a computational geometry.﻿ Is spacetime a product of entanglement?
Joan D. Vinge, The Snow Queen|How time slips past, masked in the rhythm of the days!
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|The last class of my old professor's life took place once a week in his house, by a window in the study where he could watch a small hibiscus plant shed its pink leaves.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|You will always find all the time you need in the world to do what you love. If you can’t find the time, it’s not important for you
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Do I wither up and disappear, or do I make the best of my time left?.. He would not wither. He would not be ashamed of dying.
Richie Norton|If you want to double your productively, shorten the timeline to by 50%.
Anat Talshir, About the Night|When big things happen," he hold her, "time flows differently. For instance, who says the world was created in six days? Maybe a day was like sixty years. Or even a thousand of a million, like it says in Psalms: For a thousand years in Thy sight are but as yesterday when it is past.
Munia Khan|Souls of love breathlessly sailTowards our time when hours failTo cope with longing here we areChasing the speed of a falling starMiles and miles fleetly we goDown to the ocean, deeper the flowWaves now know their crushing tide Splashing between joy and pride
Albert Einstein|A human being is a part of the whole, called by us "Universe", a part limited in time and space.
William J. Reilly, Ph.D.|Without Time nothing is possible. Everything requires time. Time is the only permanent and absolute ruler in the universe. But she is scrupulously fair ruler. She treats every living person exactly alike every day. No matter how much of the world's goods you have managed to accumulate, you cannot successfully plead for a single moment more than the pauper receives without every asking for it. Time is the one great leveler. Everyone has the same amount to spend every day.
William J. Reilly, Ph.D.|The future when it comes, is just like the present. The present is all you have and the opportunity of the present is worth more than the success of the past or the promise of the future.
R.A.Delmonico|Even if a particle could travel backward in time, information could not. Retrocausality will be replaced by something more sophisticated. There are no perfect symmetries, there is no pure randomness everything is an approximation of something else. Information may appear in a digital form but meaning never does. Spacetime is built up from approximations, not discrete ones and zeros, and the only constant may be ratios. Quantum entanglement and geometry; if we think of a particle as being at one pole of an expanding sphere that is not perfectly symmetrical, this surface would be "rippling" like the surface of the ocean (in the audio world this is called dithering), at the other pole is the entangled particle's pair and it is a property of the sphere that gives the illusion of connectivity. This is not a physical geometry, it is a computational geometry. Is spacetime a product of entanglement? Renate Loll believes that time is not perfectly symmetrical. Her computer models require causality. Possibly some form of quantum random walk in state space. If a photon is emitted by an electron inside of a clock on Earth and it travels to a clock four light years away, time stops for the clock on Earth and time jumps forward eight years for the distant clock also, the electron that will capture the photon becomes infinitely large relative to the photon but the electron that emitted it does not become infinitely small therefore, time is not perfectly symmetrical.
Harlan Coben, Don't Let Go|There are various theories about why the years seem to pass faster as you get older. The most popular is also the most obvious. As you get older, each year is a smaller percentage of your life. If you are ten years old, a year is ten percent. If you are fifty years old, a year is two percent. But she read a theory that spurned that explanation. The theory states that time passes faster when we are in a set routine, when we aren't learning anything new, when we stay stuck in a life pattern. They key to making time slow down is to have new experiences. You may joke that the week you went on vacation flew by far too quickly, but if you stop and think about it, that week actually seemed to last much longer than one involving the drudgery of your day job. You are complaining about it going away so fast because you loved it, not because it felt as though time was passing faster. If you want to slow down time, this theory holds: If you want to make the days last, do something different. Travel to exotic locales. Take a class.
Tony Evens|Your life is like a coin. You can spend it anyway you want, but only once. Make sure you invest it and don't waste it. Invest it in something that matters to you and matters for eternity.
Deepak Rawat, The Mind Spaghetti|Everything we hold will soon elapse,as we’ll sleep through one dreamless night;but rising again to this dream, whether we’ll behiding behind our darkness or this borrowed light?"- Thou little fool
Félix J. Palma, The Map of Time|Yes, he would look for her, whether to delight in the joys of spring together or to plunge into the abyss. He would look for her because he loved her. And somehow this would lessen the lie Claire was living. For, in the end, the girl's love was reciprocated, and Tom's love, like Shackleton's, was also unattainable, lost in the ether, unable to its way to her.
Sanjo Jendayi|Loving self and others is an every second of every day of every week, of every month, of every year gift that should not be taken for granted or withdrawn for petty arguments and misunderstandings. No one knows the day nor the hour that we or a loved one will meet our expiration here on this earth. Time to make time to heal, amend and/or forgive broken relationships, to live your dreams without regret and love like there is no tomorrow for when tomorrow is no longer there...memories will be great and consciences will be clear.
Tulku Urgyen, As It Is, Volume II|You do not need to fabricate at all. Once you utterly let be, involvement in thoughts of past, present and future subside. By letting be, you are no longer involved in the thoughts of the three times. When utterly letting be, wakefulness is vividly present.
Hanya Yanagihara, The People in the Trees|But time, I have come to realize, is not for us to fill in such great, blank slabs. We speak of managing time, but it is the opposite. Our lives are filled with businesses because those thin chinks of time are all we can truly master.
Deepak Rawat|Everything we hold will soon elapse,as we’ll sleep through one dreamless night;but rising again to this dream, whether we’ll behiding behind our darkness or this borrowed light?- Thou little fool
Richard Smyth, Wild Ink|There are too many years around this table, too much time confined in one place.
Jami Attenberg, Saint Mazie|But I get it; it's a way to mark time. When your life's too busy, it forces you to check in with yourself. Or when it feels all the same all the time, maybe it can make you feel special.
Tracey Bond|Everyone cannot elevate or even revelate at the same time and/or season; an appointment to elevation can result from being specially chosen...like fruit that is ready, ripe and refined for its pleasurable taste.Even scriptural wisdom documents that "Many are called, few are chosen."Those chosen 'few' may deeply sense that at the core function of elevation is an acension both to and from a higher positioned calling for it...a destiny appointment that will be met without haste...separation has the ability to confirm that elevation has its own appointment...prompted by the foreknowledge of a most SUPER natural selection.
Kevin Smokler, Brat Pack America: Visiting Cult Movies of the '80s|When we return to our elementary school playground or the site of our first kiss, we're dropping in on our own history years later. Visiting those same places in the present not only collapses time, but also memory.
Anna Kavan, Asylum Piece|The years passed like the steps of a staircase leading lower and lower. I did not walk any more in the sun or hear the songs of larks like crystal fountains playing against the sky. No hand enfolded mine in the warm clasp of love. My thoughts were again solitary, disintegrate, disharmonious – the music gone. I lived alone in a few pleasant rooms, feeling my life run out aimlessly with the tedious hours: the life of an old maid ran out of my fingertips.
Jane McGonigal, SuperBetter: A Revolutionary Approach to Getting Stronger, Happier, Braver and More Resilient - Powered by the Science of Games|Over time, even the tiniest meaningful actions add up, each one bringing you closer to a life that is truer to your dreams and free of regret.
R.A.Delmonico|If time were perfectly symmetric, gravity wouldn't exist.
R.A.Delmonico|If a photon is emitted by an electron inside of a clock on Earth and it travels to a clock four light years away, time stops for the clock on Earth and time jumps forward eight years for the distant clock, also the electron that will capture the photon becomes infinitely large, relative to the photon but the electron that emitted it does not become infinitely small therefore, time is not perfectly symmetrical.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Instead of you pouring out your life and giving out your life and exchanging it for a porridge called salary, instead of selling out your life bit by bit until you are old and empty and until you become so old that they send you off to die in retirement, you should come to the realization that you could actually multiply and reproduce your life through the power of time conversion.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you understand the value of time, the resource and the wealth of time, you will be running away from the crowd.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Instead of exchanging your life for some coins and some pennies, you could actually take charge of your life right now. You can run away to take control of your time right now.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you understand that through the power of conversion in solitude you can become great, so many things you’ve been wasting your time on will no longer interest you. You will even run away from some friends.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It is real hard work that will release your potential,
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you run for your life, you will become the one deciding how you use your time. You will be the one deciding that you are not going to pour out your life anymore. You will no longer allow the school system or the work system to decide what you do with your time.
R.J.  Lawrence, The Xactilias Project|At last, the clock settled in the right place.
R.J.  Lawrence, The Xactilias Project|They waited and watched, while the clocks seemed to resist time.
R.J.  Lawrence, The Xactilias Project|Within her simple, terrified mind, swift calculations of distance and speed were at work, and her face advertised the disappointing results.
Joyce Rachelle|Sometimes exhaustion is not a result of too much time spent on something, but of knowing that in its place, no time is spent on something else.
Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings|How perfect to be aboard a ship withmaybe a hundred years still in my pocket.But it's late, for all of us,and in truth the only ship there isis the ship we are all onburning the world as we go.
R. W. Patterson, Dark Night of the Soul: In the darkest of moments...a sacrifice to end a life...a rescue to save a soul.|Somehow everything always came down to time, she realized with perfect lucidity. There was either too much or too little. It either passed too quickly or too slowly. It didn’t belong to anyone—it was simply a gift, bestowed by God, and yet eternally taken for granted. She closed her eyes for a moment, wishing Time could be tamed—reigned in—and tethered, synchronized with human needs and wants. But that wasn’t the case, was it?
Rachel Autumn Deering, Husk|The house gulped in a big breath of fresh air, like some frantic drowning thing breaking the water's surface and gasping for life. It had sat unopened for so long, suffocating in the silence, it's memories blanketed by a thick layer of dust.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you understand that a wasted time is a wasted life, you will start running away from television, you will begin to run away from movies, you will run away from games like criminal case and candy crush.
Cecilia Vinesse, Seven Days of You|And the only thing I knew how to do was to hold on as tightly as possible and count every single second until I reached the last one. The one I dreaded most.Sudden, violent, final.The end.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Our offices are filled with people working their lives out to enrich their boss, government or company.
Andrei Tarkovsky, Sculpting in Time|No other art can compare with cinema in the force, precision, and starkness with which it conveys awareness of facts and aesthetic structures existing and changing within time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you understand the value of time, the resource and the wealth of time, you will be running away from the crowd, you will be running away from distractions.
Akiroq Brost|You are ruled by whatever you invest your time, energy and emotions into. Check in with yourself. What is taking up your time and energy? Where is the focus of your emotions? If there are not where you want them to be, course correct. Remember, whatever you give energy to grows. So grow everything good and beneficial that will also help bring you to a better space and frame of mind. Make the best of each day, of each moment. Give time, love and attention to those and that which you love.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To truly be satisfied in life, you must invest your time into doing what you were born to do instead of wasting your time trying to impress a boss or a company doing a job that you were not born for.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To truly invest your time into doing what you were born to do, you should be running away from jobs not running to jobs.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you, therefore, must be numbered among the great, you too must run for your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In life, everyone must decide in what area of life he or she wants to be great. You must choose what territory you want to conquer.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|We are all endowed with the wealth of time equally. Everybody that is born on the surface of this earth, has this wealth.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you must record some greatness in your account before you leave this earth, you must value time and understand the importance of time conversion.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Your territory of choice is irrelevant, time conversion is what matters.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whatever your territory is does not matter, what matters is the amount of time you are ready to invest into it to become the king of that territory.
Sunday Adelaja, The Veritable Source of Energy|It doesn’t matter your area of calling, you can invest quality time into it, you will definitely become the best and that will buy you greatness.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You can be great in any area of life, just learn to convert time into added value and tangible products.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Stop wasting time, start investing time for that is the only way to greatness.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you are financially poor, it is because you have not converted your time into any product.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Money is a by-product of time. Money is the time that is well converted. Therefore, time is the raw material from which money is made.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you can invest all your time into giving birth to a quality product, the whole world will celebrate you and everyone will be in need of your product.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You must, first of all, evolve the consciousness of being the best in whatever territory you choose to explore and then invest all your time into it and you will be amazed how easy it is to become great.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you can decide to invest all your time into giving birth to a quality product, the whole world will celebrate you and everyone will be in need of your product.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t want to just live an ordinary life, then you will have to be intentional about converting all your time into that which you have been called to do.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you allow someone else to convert more time than you in your chosen territory, you automatically become a servant or a second class citizen in that territory and whoever it is who converted more time than you in that territory becomes your king and will lord it over you in that territory.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To prevent your time from just melting into vanity, you must race against time and stand in the way of time so you could convert it to tangible products.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Solitude is the greatest treasure and through it, you can rebuild your life, reorder your life and solve life’s problems.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you invest more time into something than others, you become the best among equals.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Time is the raw material from which products are made, when products are sold, money is made.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you desire to be financially wealthy but don’t know how to invest time, then you are just dreaming.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you really want to be financially wealthy, you must begin to convert your time into producing something for the world.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In life, everyone must decide in what area of life he or she wants to be great.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|After deciding the territory you want to rule over, the next thing you must do is to invest your time into developing yourself and becoming the best in that territory.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To become a king of that territory, you must not allow any of your time pass without converting it into building your skills in that area of life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t just want to live an ordinary life, then you will have to be intentional about converting all your time into that which you have been called to do.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whatever territory you choose to explore and then invest all your time into it, you will be amazed how easy it is to become great.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It does not matter what your calling is, if you can invest all your time into it, then, greatness will become your reward.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To truly be better than your past self, you must practice the rule of ten thousand hours and you must invest so much time building yourself up.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It is from your time that wealth is produced, it is time that produces results and product.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Most of the people in the world are just distracted and work only on the surface but if you will be deep enough to concentrate and study or rehearse anything, the world will bow in honor of you.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In the place of solitude, you are able to take advantage of time and bring forth children in the form of products.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You should actually be fighting to have a time of solitude because through it, you can make yourself great.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you can take ten thousand hours and divide it by the number of hours, you can concentrate and devote to repeatedly doing one single thing in a day, you will be amazed how best you will become in that thing after a given number of years.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Everybody that is born on the surface of this earth, has this wealth called time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Everyone thinks money is the capital needed to start up a business or any project of choice. I, however, disagree with that ideology. Money is not the capital that you need. Time is the real capital that anyone needs to start up any project.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Dependency on stuff, on people and on things is one of the greatest things that could kill.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You can’t do everything, so pick what is important and focus on that relentlessly.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|With the power of solitude, you can actually take up a decision to invent anything.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you devote three to six hours of your time every day to practicing anything repeatedly, in the next five years, you will become one of the best in the world.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you will be deep enough to concentrate and study or rehearse anything, the world will bow in honor to you.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you really one to become great, you must practice the rule of ten thousand hours.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Overcome The Fear Of Death|If you can practice the rule of ten thousand hours, you will be amazed to find out how easy it is to become the best in that your area of calling.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whenever you make up your mind to go into solitude, you must decide first of all what you want to go and do there.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To be productive, you must convert every minute of your time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you ever desire to gain the mastery over any skill and talent, then, you must convert as much time as Sebastian Bach converted.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Without solitude, we cannot fix the scattered pieces of our plans, hopes, wishes together.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Without order in your life, you will realize that you will only be busy but without commensurate results.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you have the power of time, you can take possession of your time, there is nothing you cannot become.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|One of the most important things you could actually do in life is to create the best of yourself, to create your ideal self.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Instead of you to be at the mercy of whatever they have made you into, rebuild your life into what it should be.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Create the best of yourself, become your best self.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Once you have produced your best self, then you will be able to produce new seeds and fruits after your kind.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You were created to invest your life into your promise land, your area of calling.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The difference between working for a salary and working for your promise land is that when you work for a salary, you are exchanging your life just for some porridge, some little compensation in the form of salary.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The best way to convert time is to find out your calling, find out your divine gifting and convert your time into developing your gift and your calling.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you really want to buy greatness with time, you must invest the quality amount of time into your purpose and land of calling.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The more time you invest into your land of promise, the more productive the land becomes for you.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you will invest the maximum amount of time in hard work, polishing and building your own land of promise, you will become great in life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The greatest wealth in the world is the wealth of time. There is nothing more precious than the wealth of time. If you could realize that everything is made out of time, then you can convert your free time into anything you want.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You must remember that whether you like it or not, every day your life is diminishing, your life is reducing and your life is pouring out. Whether you convert that diminishing life into something or you don’t convert it to anything, it’s your problem. The life will keep on reducing and diminishing.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you want to be among the few who rule the world, you, therefore, must learn to convert every time of your life, every second and minute that passes by. The target of life and the idea of life is that every time must be converted into something.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you invest your life into yourself, you are not pouring your life out somewhere, to some job or for some salary, you are re-investing it into yourself. You are multiplying the quality of your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you choose your own area of calling and purpose, and you are working and converting your life into that your area of calling, you are not being compensated with salary. You become the boss over your own life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you really want to buy greatness with time, you must invest the quality amount of time into your purpose and land of calling. The more time you invest into your land of promise, the more productive the land becomes for you.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you will invest the maximum amount of time in hard work, polishing and building your own land of promise, you will become great in life. You will become exceptional. You will become a specialist and the world would want to reckon with you.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Our lives are a picture of what we ought to do, what we need to do, what we are planning to do and what we want to do.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you want to give birth to any discoveries or inventions, you must start practicing solitude.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you ever desire to give birth to anything at all, then you cannot do without solitude.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It is either you are converting time into a product or into a value chain or you are killing, wasting and throwing away your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|So because you are converting it, you are actually conserving it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|So because you are converting it, you are reproducing your life that way.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|So because you are converting it, you are winning back your time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|So because you are converting it, you are grabbing back your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To be able to convert time, you must be conscious of time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you want to be among the few who rule the world you therefore must learn to convert every time of your life, every second and minute that passes by.
Ratish Edwards|Sometimes I think if I could do all the things that I stopped doing, meet all the friends that I left due to time, money and other unavoidable circumstances. Continue all my passions at least once. Then my life would be more justified than today. Then I could be finally at peace at the time I finally leave this world
Ratish Edwards|As time passed away, life moved on,As life moved away I moved on, As I moved away, tenses changed My present became past, Future stood at large. And my present became big empty void.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Working for your boss doesn’t make you rich, it only makes your boss richer from your sweat.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t monitor your life, you will regret it. If you don’t measure your life you will regret it. If you don’t convert your time into products you will regret it. If you don’t multiply your life you will soon find out that your life is almost finished with nothing to show for it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t want to regret your life later, then begin to invest your time, begin to measure your life. Measure your life by the products and by the results you produce!
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you could realize that everything is made out of time, then you can convert your free time into anything you want.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you are able to overcome distractions, then you will be able to do something more specific, something more precise and definite with the time that you have.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|No solitude, no birth.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In a world as noisy as ours, only those who can isolate themselves will be able to think better and meditate better and hence have a higher chance of receiving innovative ideas and concepts.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whether you like it or not, your life is passing away.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You must fight to make sure that your life does not just disappear into thin air. It is a battle of not allowing those your seconds, those your minutes to just disappear into thin air.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t monitor your life, you will regret it. If you don’t measure your life, you will regret it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t convert your time into products, you will regret it. If you don’t multiply your life, you will soon find out that your life is almost finished with nothing to show for it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t want to regret your life late, then begin to invest your time, begin to measure your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you can actually monitor your passing life and be in control and be in charge of your time and making sure that you are actually converting every passing day into something, then you will never regret it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It doesn’t matter what your area of calling is, if you could invest quality time in it, then, you will be sure to produce the quality amount of products.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you can actually measure your day by how much time is converted into products, then you are a great force on the earth.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To own something and not be aware of it could not only be annoying, but fatal too. That is why most people had all the time but did nothing with it. They died leaving behind no invention or product that they could be remembered for.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The greatest treasure in life is the possession of time. Tragically, though, it is that same time that is often least treasured or valued by men who still possess it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whether you are aware of it or not, your life is still disappearing. It’s pouring out, it keeps diminishing.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Instead of your life just disappearing or being wasted or spent, you are racing to make sure that it is being converted, making sure that it is being actually invested.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You win when you are able to convert that time into an investment, into seeds or fruits or products of cultivating your own land or products in other people’s lives.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When your race on earth is finally over and your time has completely disappeared, what will continue to live on in the lives of others are the products you were able to produce from your invested time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When great men die in the race of life, they continue to live because the world can still benefit from their products.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you waste one hour of your time, you have wasted your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To possess time is to possess life, don’t trivialize time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Everyone on earth is afraid of losing his/her life, and only a few are afraid of losing their time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you knew that your time is your life, you would protect it as much as you protect your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|All men have been given time, but only a few men know its value.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Most people who possess life, in reality, do not quite understand that they possess life only because they possess time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you understand the value of time, you will convert it into products.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It is true that you may have lost some time in the past. You may have allowed your life melt away with your time, but the good news is that you still have the future.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you leave this world without solving the problems for which you were born, then you are a failure.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It doesn’t matter how long you live on planet earth, if by the time your whole life has evaporated, you have not solved the problems you were created to solve, then you wasted your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Do not live for emptiness, do not waste your evaporating life pursuing the vanities of life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The tragedy of life is that it comes just once and before you know it, it is gone. Since life comes just once, I encourage you to give it your best shot.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The problem with dreams is that they are always futuristic and gives a deceptive impression that there is still enough time to actualize them. The tragedy, however, is that you soon realize that the time you thought you had to fulfill the dreams had melted away before your very eyes.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Actualize the dreams now and don’t procrastinate them for the future. Use every second, minute and hour that you have to fulfill life’s calling, your purpose, and your dreams.
Jorge Luis Borges, El jardín de los senderos que se bifurcan|It was under English trees that I meditated on that lost labyrinth: I pictured it perfect and inviolate on the secret summit of a mountain; I pictured its outlines blurred by rice paddies, or underwater; I pictured it as infinite—a labyrinth not of octagonal pavillions and paths that turn back upon themselves, but of rivers and provinces and kingdoms....I imagined a labyrinth of labyrinths, a maze of mazes, a twisting, turning, ever-widening labyrinth that contained both past and future and somehow implied the stars. Absorbed in those illusory imaginings, I forgot that I was a pursued man; I felt myself, for an indefinite while, the abstract perceiver of the world. The vague, living countryside, the moon, the remains of the day did their work in me; so did the gently downward road, which forestalled all possibility of weariness. The evening was near, yet infinite.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Since life comes just once, I encourage you to give it your best shot. I dare you to maximize your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The tragedy, however, is that you soon realize that the time you thought you had to fulfill the dreams had melted away before your very eyes.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Man is like a breath, his days are like a passing shadow.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Your life on earth is but for a few days and before you know it, you are no more.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Since your life evaporates quickly, it is wisdom to learn how to number your days. Not just to number your days but to make each passing day productive.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t have any results to show for all your passing time, then you must have been trivializing time and you must have been living your life carelessly.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When school vacates, your life vacates alongside. What a tragedy! What a waste of life!
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Vacation time is the best time to do solitude because you could just take two weeks of it or one week of it and just isolate yourself. And when you isolate yourself, you can just begin to convert that time of vacation into any product you want.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Since everything is destructible including life, you should, therefore, make the best out of life while it lasts.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To invest your life, you must invest your time and make sure it doesn’t just melt away like Salvador Dali’s melting clock.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Sadly, so many people stand and watch their life melt away every day without taking advantage of it to produce something of worth.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The tragedy of life is that it comes just once and before you know it, it is gone.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Man will always waste time if there is no system to check and compel him to invest his time. But if you must be great, you must learn to check and compel yourself to invest time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Since life is in time, since life is in seconds, minutes and hours; that means to waste time is to waste life. To lose time is to lose a life. So don’t waste time!
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you not to waste or spend your life, you must first begin to see time and life correctly. You must first understand that time is life and life is time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You must realize that whenever you waste a second you are wasting life. If you waste a minute, you have wasted life and if you waste an hour, you have wasted life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to maximize time, you want to make sure that every second of the day that comes is converted into some products. You want to ensure that every minute and hour of the day that passes are being converted into some values. For you to be great, you must learn to convert every second of your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you must be great, you must learn to check and compel yourself to invest time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you are waiting to be compelled before you could invest your time productively, then, it means you are not the owner of your life but the system that is compelling you.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you allow any minute of your time to pass without converting it into products, you will soon realize that you just wasted a part of your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To automatically be promoted from one class to another without any serious self- discipline, and self- improvement is a cheap life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to be great, you must learn to convert every second of your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to be able to be fruitful, to multiply and saturate the earth with your products, you have to first know how to properly use the currency of time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To properly invest your time, first find out your calling.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Since life is in time, since life is in seconds, minutes, and hours; that means to waste time is to waste life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To lose time is to lose a life, so don’t waste time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you not to waste or spend your life, you must first begin to see time and life correctly.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you not to waste or spend your life, you must first understand that time is life and life is time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To see time and life correctly , you must begin to access life as seconds, as minutes and as hours.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To see time and life correctly, you must realize that whenever you waste a second, you are wasting life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you waste a minute, you have wasted life and if you waste an hour, you have wasted life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to maximize time, you want to make sure that every second of the day that comes is converted into some products.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to be great, you must live a life of self-consciousness all the time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to be great, you must become conscious of what you are doing per time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to be great, you must make sure that every second of your life counts.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If that church is not adding value to your life, you may want to reconsider how often you go to church.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|So the way to control your life is this; every minute you live, maybe you are in church; ask yourself “why am I here? What product am I producing by being here?” I know most Christians just go to church like dummies.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you go to church, you are supposed to go to church to invest in people or to invest in yourself.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If there is any church service that you attend and it quickens your purpose and adds value to your life, if that church gives you some insight and understanding and a picture of how to do things better and become a solution provider to the problems of humanity in your country, then you can keep attending such a church.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Greatness is only possible, thanks to the products you are able to produce per seconds, per minutes, per hour and per day.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Since time comes in seconds, in minutes and in hours, we must learn to convert time, else, it will slip away and can never be regained.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Every human being is either wasting time, spending time or investing time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you have no product to show for your time, you are a time waster.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you spent your time, you are actually spending your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whenever we lose time, we are actually losing our life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Most people on earth are just spending time at work, in school or in church without having anything of value to show for it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you can only remember the mundane things you did but do not have any valuable products to show for your time, then you are a time spender.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you invest your time, you are investing your life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you invest your life, you are multiplying it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you reproduce yourself, you don’t spend your life, you multiply it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you invest your time, you are pouring your life into others.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It is the time that delivers greatness to people. Therefore if you can know how to convert your time by investing it, then you can buy greatness with it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To be truly great, begin to convert all your passing time into products. Begin to invest your time into your purpose and calling.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|We have just all of a sudden discovered that here we are, with something called time seemingly precious, but not deeply appreciated.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In the nearest future, those who understood the value of time will rule over those who trivialized time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Even though God has given the gift of time to all men equally, it is what each man does with this equal gift of time that determines whether or not he will be great.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you must make your time productive, then begin to view time in its most urgent form; in seconds and in minutes.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When I say time must be converted, what I'm saying is that seconds must be converted, minutes must be converted, hours must be converted and days must be converted.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To measure your time management you must access yourself by how many products you were able to produce on that particular day, or how many products you were able to produce in that particular hour, a minute or second.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whatever it is you have been called to do, if you will invest time into perfecting it, you will soon be reckoned among the great in your society.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you really desire greatness, you should make up your mind to be a hard worker.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you want to be great, you must learn the secret of great men.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you want to become great, you have to know what to do, I mean you must first determine what you were born to do.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Every second and minute that you are not sleeping should be converted, investing your life and your time into doing that thing that you were born to do.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Without work, time cannot be converted and it will waste away.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To be truly great, begin to convert all your passing time into products through hard work.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To be effective in fulfilling your goals, you must break them down into little tasks and then spend most of your time working on the task in front of you, instead of being overwhelmed by the enormity of the big goal.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To be an effective time user, you must make sure you are spending your time on only what is important.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Determine when you are most effective and energized, then plan your tasks within that time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you try to do a task at your odd hours, you will waste so much time only to find out that you did a poor job after all.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you desire to be productive with your time, you should select a maximum of two things that are your highest priority, and plan time to work on them.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you really want to be an effective time manager, you will have to learn to say no to other people and do so frequently.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whatever you have chosen to be your priority, set a time to it and be focused on achieving it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In order to gain mastery over whatever you have been called to do, you must look for ways of improving how you do them.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In order to become great, one must understand the secret of time conversion.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you will exchange your life for greatness, if you will use the currency of time to buy greatness; then greatness will deliver to you every other thing you need in life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If there is anything you need in life that you haven’t gotten, it is because you are yet to pay for it via the currency of time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You can have anything you need in life, the only price you have to pay is for you to exchange your life for greatness and greatness will deliver that thing you need to you.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You must intercept the passing time well, hence it will fly away into vanity.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Greatness is not greater than you, you have total control over greatness.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Not only can you decide to be great, you also have the power to determine the height of your greatness.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Through learning at my later date things I hadn't known, or had escaped or possibly feared realizing, about my parents - and myself - I glimpsed our whole family life as if it were freed of that clock time which spaces us apart so inhibitingly, divides young and old, keeps our living through the same experiences at separate distances. It is our inward journey that leads us through time - forward or back, seldom in a straight line, most often spiraling. Each of us is moving, changing, with respect to others. As we discover, we remember; remembering, we discover; and most intensely do we experience this when our separate journeys converge. Our living experience at those meeting points is one of the charged dramatic fields of fiction.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|No going around it, no short cuts, no laying of hands, no amount of service, no amount of prophecy, without hard work everything else goes to waste.
Harrish Sairaman|If time is linear, every moment is new! Monotony is just an experience of Ignorance!
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Everybody, including you, potentially can be great.
Henry Austin Dobson|Time goes, you say? Ah no!Alas, Time stays, we go;Or else, were this not so, What need to chain the hours,For Youth were always ours?Time goes, you say?-ah no!Ours is the eyes' deceitOf men whose flying feetLead through some landscape low; We pass, and think we seeThe earth's fixed surface flee:-Alas, Time stays,-we go!Once in the days of old,Your locks were curling gold,And mine had shamed the crow. Now, in the self-same stage,We've reached the silver age;Time goes, you say?-ah no!Once, when my voice was strong,I filled the woods with songTo praise your 'rose' and 'snow'; My bird, that sang, is dead;Where are your roses fled?Alas, Time stays,-we go!See, in what traversed ways,What backward Fate delaysThe hopes we used to know; Where are our old desires?-Ah, where those vanished fires?Time goes, you say?-ah no!How far, how far, O Sweet,The past behind our feetLies in the even-glow! Now, on the forward way,Let us fold hands, and pray;Alas, Time stays,-we go!
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|Sufis deny the absolute reality of time, space and physical form. These things are both relative and local. They only appear to be absolute.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you can know how to convert your time by investing it, then you can buy greatness with it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Greatness is not dependent on your background, it is dependent on how much value you were able to add to yourself per time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you truly desire to be great, you must understand time management.
Christophe Galfard, The Universe in Your Hand: A Journey Through Space, Time, and Beyond|Our image is here and will for ever stay,and there is comfort in knowing that the memory of our lives will always be there,traveling among the stars.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|No going around it, no short cuts, no laying of hands, no amount of service, no amount of prophecy, without hard work, everything else goes to waste.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you do not work hard, nothing works.
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|The TSA liked having fresh agents on the job. Fresh agents with a clear mind and steady hand. Time travel wasn’t for the faint of heart. The pay was good though, but as Scrooby had decided long ago, that even if he didn’t get paid for it, the thrill alone was payment enough. Then again, the TSA realized they couldn’t afford to have disgruntled employees with too much time on their hands and the power of the gods at their fingertips, so the pay was very, very good. Debriefing was routine. And how he hated routine! His supervisor was a senior agent called Guy Krummeck, a rather drab character who liked his shiny silver suits almost as much as he liked to go over every little detail at least three times. Minimum. This time everything went right, so it went quick. Twenty minutes later, tired, he clocked out and went home to his small apartment. Tomorrow, after all, was another day again.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|I think we spend more time thinking of things to deal with than just letting them go. When we quiet our minds, that’s true freedom.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|As time diminishes, your life also diminishes with it.
William Allingham, Blackberries|Is idleness indeed so black a crime?What are the Busy doing, half their time?
Erik Pevernagie|When we take the time to break free from the tyranny of Time and learn to listen to the sound of unspoken words, we discern the hot air behind the frenzy of the wheeling and dealing around. (“Wheeling and dealing »)
Natasha Pulley, The Bedlam Stacks|What's gone before you, and what will come after,' I said instead. 'Beg pardon?' 'The past ahead. Time is like a river and you float with the current. Your ancestors set off before you did, so they're far ahead. Your descendants will sail it after.
Ross Caligiuri, Dreaming in the Shadows|Eternity will not cause our memories to fade, it will force our hearts to accept the past.
Ross Caligiuri|Cherish your existence, for memories become legacies and life can change in an instant.
Vaishal sheth|The time between good night to good morning, all poetries are mentioned by her with his love and their good memories.
Ross Caligiuri, Dreaming in the Shadows|Try to think of it as though we are rewriting history––the first time this experience occurred you and I never kissed in this Dream Machine room. But now when we leave here, and open our eyes again near the wall around the center of Constance, that kiss will be included in our memories of the day we first met. We could spend a lifetime recreating this moment here, meanwhile, not a single second of our lives would slip by back in our reality. Time seems to move differently inside of our memories.
Ross Caligiuri, Dreaming in the Shadows|As her feet beat the concrete ground beneath them, her chest began to ache. It had been a long time since she had run at a full sprint. She was, quite literally, running for her life, and leaving everything she had known before behind. Regardless of her past experiences, here she was, blindly following a girl, who was virtually a stranger, because she had promised to lead Eleanor to safety.
Ross Caligiuri, Dreaming in the Shadows|Eleanor had heard talk of the rebellion that existed inside the city of Constance before. Most of the information she gathered was considered an old fairy tale by the general public. There were a few stories here and there about people angered by their present living conditions, who had demanded that the center of Constance be held responsible for it. However, information was never passed between the five different sectors. Over the years the tales of the rebellion had become children’s bedtime stories, and people did not take them seriously.
Ross Caligiuri, Dreaming in the Shadows|Here we go,” Phoenix said, turning back to Nora. “Try not to let this room scare you.
Ernesto Mora, A Walk Among the Black Brambles|For hearts gone by in times past, unassuming, with not even a glance. In another lifetime, perhaps
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|Time and tide, he thought. The cycle of life. Ending in this, the last twilight. Before the silence of death. He perceived in this a micro-universe, complete.
Donald S. Whitney, Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life|If people threw away their money as thoughtlessly as they throw away their time, we would think them insane. Yet time is infinitely more precious than money because money can’t buy time.
Hunter Wilde, Erebus|Time: her heart wretched. What a useless thing, her mind growled. Only humans would be so arrogant and so stupid as to count down their own deaths.
Todd Crawshaw, Heretofore|Each moment is now. Reality amounts to flickering lapses in time, as infinite layers of now. And with this constant motion we think of ourselves as being at rest. When in actuality we are zooming through space.
Todd Crawshaw, Heretofore|You can be anything you want to be as long as you know who you are. Paradoxically, once you realize this, you begin to lose your sense of self.
Harper Fox, Brothers of the Wild North Sea|Beyond all of those places, here they would be. He pressed tighter into Fen's embrace. This place had forever in it. Time couldn't end it, nor even the limits of life. Not distance—not even the wastes of the wild North Sea.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Time is that by which at every moment all things become as nothing in our hands, and thereby lose all their true value.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|And age was just a trait, like the color of your hair, or the amount of freckles on your skin.
Emory R. Frie, Wonderland|Time is drowning,Hearts are burning,Heads are rolling,Nothing can save you now,Tick tock, tick tock;Creatures talking,Weak are rising,White Queen’s nearing,Nothing can save you now,Tick tock, tick tock;Cards are bleeding,Crowns are sweating,Tea is spilling,Nothing can save you now,Tick tock, tick tock;Red Queen, here’s your warning,Wonderland’s raging,Alice is coming,Highness, time is drowning,And nothing can save you now,Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock…
Toni Morrison, Beloved|I was talking about time. It's so hard for me to believe in it. Some things go. Pass on. Some things just stay. I used to think it was my rememory. You know. Some thins you forget. Other things you never do. But it's not. Places, places are still here. If a house burns down, it's done, but the place--the picture of it--stays, and not just in my rememory, but out there, in the world. What I remember is a picture floating around out there outside my head. I mean, even if I don't think it, even if I die, the picture of what I did, or know, or saw is still out there. Right in the place where it happened.
Anthony T Hincks|Time waits for no man"That is what they say.That is why our time spent together,is so special in so, so many ways.
Sara Ella, Unraveling|Time is, indeed, a strange and wondrous thing. It has no beginning or end, it seems. Time goes on, forward and backward, this way and that. But perspective is an illusion, for we know all things begin somewhere.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|He no longer loves the person whom he loved ten years ago. I quite believe it. She is no longer the same, nor is he. He was young, and she also; she is quite different. He would perhaps love her yet, if she were what she was then.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|The events in our lives happen in a sequence in time, but in their significance to ourselves they find their own order, a timetable not necessarily - perhaps not possibly - chronological. The time as we know it subjectively is often the chronology that stories and novels follow: it is the continuous thread of revelation.
Tara Estacaan|Sometimes, all you need is someone who will listen. It is fortune enough to have people around who hear you & not judge you.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Dear God . . . the dread hour is nigh." - Jace Wayland
Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y|But the ground shakes, as if something's trying to push up from below, and I think of other people's mothers shaking out their duvets or even God shaking out the fabric of space-time.
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|Anyways, that very same night there was a fight in the casino on B Deck. Some of the passengers got in a set-to that looked to be more about who was eyeballing whose boyfriend than who had the right to wear the same outfit that two of the ladies appeared to be wearing at the same time. Or possibly, what it was really about was who was wearing said outfit better.
Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.|This is why introductions are important--because in the beginning, despite the fact that we already believe we know what it means, there's a chance that over time the definition will change from one thing to another.
Edwin Way Teale, Journey Into Summer: A Naturalist's Record of a 19,000-Mile Journey Through the North American Summer|Time is the river. We are the islands. Time washes around us and flows away and with it flow fragments of our lives. So, little by little, each island shrinks….But where, who can say, down the long stream of time, are our eroded days deposited?
Matthew Gallaway, #Gods|Maybe the point of life (and youth, once it was over), was to elevate yourself, through time and reflection, into something worthy of contemplation (even if you were the only one doing the contemplating).
Eudora Welty, On Writing|The frame through which I viewed the world changed too, over time. Greater than scene, I came to see, is situation. Greater than situation is implication. Greater than all of these is a single, entire human being, who will never be confined in any frame.
Matt Haig, How to Stop Time|I have been in love only once in my life. I suppose that makes me a romantic, in a sense. The idea that you have one true love, that no one else will compare after they have gone. It's a sweet idea, but the reality is terror itself. To be faced with all those lonely years after. To exist when the point of you has gone.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Let us spend one day as deliberately as Nature, and not be thrown off the track by every nutshell and mosquito's wing that falls on the rails. Let us rise early and fast, or break fast, gently and without perturbation; let company come and let company go, let the bells ring and the children cry, -- determined to make a day of it. Why should we knock under and go with the stream? Let us not be upset and overwhelmed in that terrible rapid and whirlpool called a dinner, situated in the meridian shallows. Weather this danger and you are safe, for the rest of the way is down hill. With unrelaxed nerves, with morning vigor, sail by it, looking another way, tied to the mast like Ulysses. If the engine whistles, let it whistle till it is hoarse for its pains. If the bell rings, why should we run? We will consider what kind of music they are like. Let us settle ourselves, and work and wedge our feet downward through the mud and slush of opinion, and prejudice, and tradition, and delusion, and appearance, that alluvion which covers the globe, through Paris and London, through New York and Boston and Concord, through church and state, through poetry and philosophy and religion, till we come to a hard bottom and rocks in place, which we can call reality, and say, This is, and no mistake; and then begin, having a point d'appui, below freshet and frost and fire, a place where you might found a wall or a state, or set a lamp-post safely, or perhaps a gauge, not a Nilometer, but a Realometer, that future ages might know how deep a freshet of shams and appearances had gathered from time to time. If you stand right fronting and face to face to a fact, you will see the sun glimmer on both its surfaces, as if it were a cimeter, and feel its sweet edge dividing you through the heart and marrow, and so you will happily conclude your mortal career. Be it life or death, we crave only reality. If we are really dying, let us hear the rattle in our throats and feel cold in the extremities; if we are alive, let us go about our business.Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in. I drink at it; but while I drink I see the sandy bottom and detect how shallow it is. Its thin current slides away, but eternity remains. I would drink deeper; fish in the sky, whose bottom is pebbly with stars. I cannot count one. I know not the first letter of the alphabet. I have always been regretting that I was not as wise as the day I was born. The intellect is a cleaver; it discerns and rifts its way into the secret of things. I do not wish to be any more busy with my hands than is necessary. My head is hands and feet. I feel all my best faculties concentrated in it. My instinct tells me that my head is an organ for burrowing, as some creatures use their snout and fore-paws, and with it I would mine and burrow my way through these hills. I think that the richest vein is somewhere hereabouts; so by the divining rod and thin rising vapors I judge; and here I will begin to mine.
Akshay Vasu|And the moment she held that diary in her hands, she summoned all her demons at once. The moment she opened it a hand from every page held her and pulled her inside. And in a moment even before she could realize what was happening to her she was drowning in the sea, fighting to breathe and fighting to swim back to the surface. But the hands kept pulling her down deep into the darkness until her voice died slowly.
Daniel J. Rice, Awake in the World: A Riverfeet Press Anthology 2017|As Gabe continued to speak, he sounded to be a cheerful and intelligent person, two attributes I have commonly found associated with people who spend most of their time outdoors.-from New River, in the anthology AWAKE IN THE WORLD
Harold Bloom|You can read merely to pass the time, or you can read with an overt urgency, but eventually you will read against the clock.
Amy Matayo, The Whys Have It|You can ask why all day long if you want to. You can ask God why and your friends why and yourself why until you're buried in nothing but that single question, but you'll never get an answer. This side of heaven, time is the only thing that helps a little bit. So don't give in. Don't let the whys have it. Don't let them take advantage of you. They'll crush your heart and steal your peace and mess with your mind and wrap around you so tight you won't be able to breathe. Don't let the whys ruin your life, child. Every time they try to sneak up, push them aside and move forward. Trust me, it's the only way you can get on with living."I turn toward the window and think about her words. "What if I can't? Let it go, I mean?"I don't see her smile, but I can hear it. "You can. I know you can. Because no matter how hard life gets, there's always goodness right around the corner. All you have to do is look for it.
Kitty Thomas, The Last Girl|Before, time held no meaning with him. Now it’s everything. Every second of my existence feels like it will be the last.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|It's tough for magic to argue with physics, most of the time.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|Time does not expand.""But time is actually expanding, isn't it? You yourself said that time adds up.""That's only because time needed for transit has decreased. The sum total of time doesn't change. It's only that you can see more movies.
T.S. Eliot, The Dry Salvages|You cannot face it steadily, but this thing is sure,That time is no healer: the patient is no longer here.
RJ Blizzard|The courage to live in the present, between time and timelessness. No matter the circumstance, it is where life is found.
Anna Aquino|But time is like that, it’s a bitter acquaintance that no matter how hard one tries to fight it one can’t. One always is bound to its constantly ticking onward and even though many have wanted to bottle it, it just couldn’t be done.
Ankit Samrat|Don't wait for better Investment options, Invest and then wait for better time.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|I like walking because it is slow, and I suspect that the mind, like the feet, works at about three miles an hour. If this is so, then modern life is moving faster than the speed of thought or thoughtfulness.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|I have a brother. They say, you put us together, we are like one person, you know? When we are young, his hair, it is very blond, very light, and people say, he is the good one. And my hair it is very dark, darker than yours even, and people say I am the rogue, you know? I am the bad one. And now time passes, and my hair is gray. His hair too, I think, is gray. And you look at us, you would not know who was light, who was dark.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|I am constantly mystified by what John ends up remembering… I just don’t understand why he’s able to hang on to information like that, while so many other more important memories evaporate. Then again, I suppose so much of what stays with us is often insignificant. The memories we take to the ends of our lives have no real rhyme or reason, especially when you think of the endless things that you do over the course of a day, a week, a month, a year, a lifetime. All the cups of coffee, hand-washings, changes of clothes, lunches, goings to the bathroom, headaches, naps, walks to school, trips to the grocery store, conversations about the weather—all the things so unimportant they should be immediately forgotten. Yet they aren’t. I often think of the Chinese red bathrobe I had when I was twenty-seven years old; the sound of our first cat Charlie’s feet on the linoleum of our old house; the hot rarefied air around aluminum pot the moment before the kernels of popcorn burst open. I think of these things as often as I think about getting married or giving birth or the end of the Second World War. What is truly amazing is that before you know it, sixty years go by and you can remember maybe eight or nine important events, along with a thousand meaningless ones. How can that be?You want to think there’s a pattern to it all because it makes you feel better, gives you some sense of a reason why we’re here, but there really isn’t any. People look for God in these patterns, these reasons, but only because they don’t know where else to look.Things happen to us: some of it important, most of it not, and a little of it stays with us till the end. What stays after that? I’ll be damned if I know.(pp.174-175)
Alfred Korzybski, Science and Sanity: An Introduction to Non-Aristotelian Systems and General Semantics|If we do not objectify, and feel instinctively and permanently that words are not the things spoken about, then we could not speak abouth such meaningless subjects as the 'beginning' or the 'end' of time. But, if we are semantically disturbed and objectify, then, of course, since objects have a beginning and an end, so also would 'time' have a 'beggining' and an 'end'. In such pathological fancies the universe must have a 'beginning in time' and so must have been made., and all of our old anthropomorphic and objectified mythologies follow, including the older theories of entropy in physics. But, if 'time' is only a human form of representation and not an object, the universe has no 'beginning in time' and no 'end in time'; in other words, the universe is 'time'-less. The moment we realize, feel permanently, and utilize these realizations and feelings that words are not things, then only do we acquire the semantic freedom to use different forms of representation. We can fit better their structure to the facts at hand, become better adjusted to these facts which are not words, and so evaluate properly m.o (multi-ordinal) realities, which evaluation is important for sanity.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Trust not tomorrow! Whatever you are planning, today is the best day to act!
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|Time is the very lens through which ye see—small and clear, as men see through the wrong end of a telescope—something that would otherwise be too big for ye to see at all. That thing is Freedom: the gift whereby ye most resemble your Maker and are yourselves parts of eternal reality. But ye can see it only through the lens of Time, in a little clear picture, through the inverted telescope. It is a picture of moments following one another and yourself in each moment making some choice that might have been otherwise.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|Just being with Nakajima made me feel as if we were detached from history, and had no particular age.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|The sad truth is, John and I and the kids only took Route 66 once on our trips to Disneyland. Our family, like the rest of America, succumbed to the lure of faster highways, more direct routes, higher speed limits. We forgot about taking the slow way. It makes you wonder if something inside us knows that our lives are going to pass faster than we could ever realize. So we run around like chickens about to lose our heads. Which makes our little two- or three-week vacations with our families more important than ever... As for the time that elapsed between those vacations, that’s another thing altogether. It seems to have all passed breathlessly, like some extended whisper of days, months, years, decades. (pp.39-40)
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Lady of the Pier - The Ebb|Only time would tell if this blazing fire would eventually die on the altar of ephemeral summer love, or if, by any chance, it had the power to kindle for a while, then light up anew, this time to burn forever more.
Sue Townsend, The Woman Who Went to Bed for a Year|Nothing was true for long. In time, everything was deconstructed.
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|The time, the mosquito will land on your testicles, the way you'll kill it, will help you to resolve world issues without violence
Claude Lévi-Strauss, Structural Anthropology|For everything is history: What was said yesterday is history, what was said a minute ago is history. But, above all, one is led to misjudge the present, because only the study of historical development permits the weighing and evalua­ tion of the interrelationships among the components of the present- day society.
Roberto Mangabeira Unger, The Religion of the Future|In such a view, time is not emergent. It is, in fact, the only aspect of reality that cannot emerge from a more fundamental background. We register its reality, always and everywhere, by recognizing the differential character of change: some things change relative to other things. However, the kinds of things that there are also change, and so do the ways in which they change. That is what time is: the transformation of transformation.
Meša Selimović|We should kill our pasts with each passing day. Blot them out, so that they will not hurt. Each present day could thus be endured more easily, it would not be measured against what no longer exists. As things are, spectres mix with our lives so that there is neither pure memory nor pure life. They clash and try to strangle each other, continually
Helen Simpson, Cockfosters|there are between life partners sliding layers of history, tectonic plates of it shifting over the decades together.
Karen Tei Yamashita, Tropic of Orange|Time could heal, but it wouldn't make wrongs go away. Time came back like a reminder. Time folded with memory. In a moment, everything could fold itself up, and time stand still.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|But when they changed their plans time and time again, the dates became confused, the periods were mislaid, and one day seemed so much like another that one could not feel them pass.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There will be a time, when you ask for nothing but life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|New morning, new moment in time.
Jacqueline Winspear, In This Grave Hour|... truth has a certain buoyancy - it makes its way to the surface, in time.
Norbert Wiener, The Human Use Of Human Beings: Cybernetics And Society|We are not the stuff that abides, but patternsthat perpetuate themselves.
Sunday Adelaja|To regain your lost years, you must make sure that any activity targeted at attaining your goal must be done with the qualities of intensity, speed and focus
Meister Eckhart|A day, whether six or seven years ago or whether six thousand years ago, is just as near to the present as yesterday. Why? Because all time is contained in now.
Gift Gugu Mona|Time is often wasted by those who don't understand that time is worth more than money because when lost, money can be regained but time cannot.
Sunday Adelaja|If your idea is not against your conscience or the will of God, go for it
Sunday Adelaja|It is impossible to pause, stop or delay time
Sunday Adelaja|You have to be pragmatic, purposeful and goal-oriented to be fully effective
Sunday Adelaja|If you are not living in active consciousness, you will always be lost
Sunday Adelaja|To be productive, you have to stop being absent-minded
Sunday Adelaja|When you are intense, you will do things persistently and with speed
Sunday Adelaja|Until you believe in yourself, it does not matter how much you believe in God
Sunday Adelaja|To live an effective life, you have to turn your back on the things of the world
Sunday Adelaja|For your life to count, you need to begin to live for others
Sunday Adelaja|When you love your neighbor, you won’t have problems with embracing them
Sunday Adelaja|No amount of service we do can impress God, only our service to ordinary people can
Sunday Adelaja|To live an effective life, you must understand the essence and secret of life
Sunday Adelaja|Our target as believers is to live an effective life, not just a long one
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t fellowship with people around you alone, explore and reach out to more people
Sunday Adelaja|Do not restrain yourself from fellowshipping with people, regardless of their age or status
Sunday Adelaja|It’s not about who they are, but about God’s principle
Sunday Adelaja|When we allow people to fellowship with us, God welcomes us into fellowshipping with Him
Sunday Adelaja|When we allow people to come into our environment, God gives us His environment
Sunday Adelaja|Love everybody, believers or not
Sunday Adelaja|When you celebrate a person, you are celebrating the creator of that person
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t dedicate all your resources to helping others invest in their calling. Rather, invest in yourself as well
Sunday Adelaja|A life without increase, production and multiplication is a wasted one
Sunday Adelaja|As believers, we each have a different essence of existence
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t exert all your energy on employment, locate your purpose
Sunday Adelaja|As a believer, you need to take responsibility of the Kingdom of God on earth
Sunday Adelaja|Your calling is in what you read, think and talk about
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t waste time on employment, discover yourself today
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t go in the opposite direction, locate your calling
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t let the tide of life shift you away, move intentionally in the right direction
Sunday Adelaja|When you’re under employment, you are not working in the area of your calling but rather helping to fulfill your employer’s
Sunday Adelaja|When we fellowship with people, we fellowship with God
Sunday Adelaja|When we relate with people, we indirectly relate with God
Sunday Adelaja|Never treat people with disdain, they all deserve your respect irrespective of their faith or religion
Sunday Adelaja|Man is not made for the Sabbath. Rather, the Sabbath is made for man
Sunday Adelaja|When you pay attention to man, God also reciprocates with His attention
Sunday Adelaja|Every time we dedicate our time and other resources to others to the people around us, we serve God
Sunday Adelaja|When you can prove your love for God by your service and attitude to others, your service has started
Sunday Adelaja|When you love God for real, you will love His creation
Sunday Adelaja|All humans are important to God, so treat them all with love
Sunday Adelaja|All your solutions are in people, and you can only be free when you love them
Sunday Adelaja|When you serve people, God will send people to bless you
Sunday Adelaja|Direct your attention to people; love, help and care for them
Sunday Adelaja|When you begin to serve people, God begins to serve you
Sunday Adelaja|When you begin to serve people, salvation locates you
Sunday Adelaja|God will not come from Heaven to help us, but He’ll use the people around us for that
Emily Barr, The One Memory of Flora Banks|Time is a random thing. It is the thing that makes us older. Humans use it to organize the world. They have invented a system to try to make order from randomness. The other humans, all of them but me, live their lives by hours and minutes and days and seconds, but those things are nothing. The universe would laugh at our attempts to organize it, if it could be bothered to notice them. Time is the thing that makes our bodies shrivel and decay. That is why people are scared of it.
Marie-Louise von Franz, Number and Time: Reflections Leading Towards a Unification of Psychology and Physics|Numbers, furthermore as archetypal structural constants of the collective unconscious, possess a dynamic, active aspect which is especially important to keep in mind. It is not what we can do with numbers but what they do to our consciousness that is essential.
Haresh Sippy|There is nothing else to be worried about, But TIME.
Sunday Adelaja|God’s image is in us all, so you can’t regard God when you disregard His people
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|We came, Takver thought, from a great distance to each other. We have always done so. Over great distances, over years, over abysses of chance. It is because he comes from so far away that nothing can separate us. Nothing, no distances, no years, can be greater than the distance that's already between us, the distance of our sex, the differences of our being, our minds; that gap, that abyss which we bridge with a look, with a touch, with a word, the easiest thing in the world. Look how far away he is, asleep. Look how far away he is, he always is. But he comes back, he comes back, he comes back....
Sunday Adelaja|Never disregard people, regardless of their beliefs, because we all carry God’s likeness
Sunday Adelaja|The worship of God shouldn’t be done in church alone, but in all our actions and our attitude towards His creation
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|Part of the resistance to Darwin and Wallace derives from our difficulty in imagining the passage of the millennia, much less the aeons. What does seventy million years mean to beings who live only one-millionth as long? We are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it is forever.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|We remained talking, fighting gently or viciously for what seemed like hours, but it was only minutes or perhaps a second, because it was only a dream.
Steven Magee|At the same time that a massive deployment of biologically harmful radio frequency (RF) radiation devices across the mass population has occurred, we see the reduction of health care for the poor, sick and elderly.
Dr. Manhattan (Watchmen Book), Alan Moore|I am going to look at the stars. They are so far away, and their light takes so long to reach us. All we ever see of stars are their old photographs.
Heather Babcock|Time doesn’t really ‘march on’. It tends to tip-toe. There’s no parade. No stomping of boots to alert you to its passing. One day, you turn around and it is gone.
Elise Kova, Earth's End|You wished for time,” Aldrik explained. “I heard each utterance when you beseeched time to stop, for mornings not to come. I want you to know I shared your every sentiment. I wanted to give you the promise of my minutes, my hours, my days.” His long fingers curled around hers, around the watch. “My future is yours, Vhalla Yarl.
Sunday Adelaja|Product is an output of efforts, skills and time
Sameh Elsayed|Patience is only called patience when it ends up with results that Justify the time awaited, the emotions given and the tears spent.
Emma Cline, The Girls|A lot of things in the house were broken or forgotten: the kitchen clock stopped, a closet doorknob coming off in my hand. The sparkly mess of flies I'd swept from the corners. It took sustained, constant living to ward off decay.
Abu al-Ala al-Ma'arri, Birds Through a Ceiling of Alabaster: Three Abbasid Poets|When men shake hands with time, time crushesThem like tumblers; little pieces of glass.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Time is a power of its own, and it may be the only power by which some miracles come to pass.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|It is not until an act occurs within the landscape of the past and future that it is a human act. Loyalty, which asserts the continuity of past and future, binding time into a whole, is the root of human strength; there is no good to be done without it.
Sunday Adelaja|We were all created differently, each with his/her calling and purpose
Diana Gabaldon, The Fiery Cross|I will have papers. And whether it is one George or the other who rules in time - this land will be ours. And yours," he added softly, raising his eyes to Brianna's. "And your children's after you." I laid my hand on his, where it rested on the box. His skin was warm with work and the heat of the day, and he smelt of clean sweat. The hairs on his forearm shone red and gold in the sun, and I understood very well just then, why it is that men measure time. They wish to fix a moment, in the vain hope that so doing will keep it from departing
m.k dindoyal|As time flies, its the kid who becomes his parents' shadow.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|But what if time worked the other way around?What if what his adolescent self had felt then was the ghost of his present one, sitting here on a sagging bench, beckoning him into his future?
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|And didn't time always slow, anyway, the closer you came to what you wanted?
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|But no, what interested him, psychologically speaking, was the sense of continuity itself, the mind's insistence that this was the same Regan he'd known when he was eight; had anything befallen her, the Regan he lost would have been the one who'd perched on the black rocks of the park back then, with all her futures inside.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|There is no such thing as a perfect phrase, or a private language, and . . . time only runs the one way.
Sunday Adelaja|After you discover your purpose, you have to build a platform for your calling
Sunday Adelaja|When you increase and multiply, you get much more influence and reach beyond your imagination
Sunday Adelaja|Once you are saved, you have to locate your own territory
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t just be a deliverer of yourself, but a deliverer of your whole nation
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t just make use of a gift, look inside you and maximize others
Richard L.  Ratliff|Time is passing : not leaden steppingBut sprinting on winged feet,Quick silver slipping by.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t be too stereotyped, be ready to explore new opportunities
Sunday Adelaja|To work for God effectively, you have to expand and stretch yourself
Sunday Adelaja|Until you fight the battle against time, you won’t know how best to manage your time
Sunday Adelaja|To get an effective product, you need to find your calling
Sunday Adelaja|After discovering your calling, the next challenge you are faced with is how to maximize your time
Sunday Adelaja|Always work and take productive actions, do not rely on prayers and fasting alone
Sunday Adelaja|For you to be effective in your promised land, you must study the land
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t be too rigid, always be ready and eager to make new discoveries
Sunday Adelaja|You either waste, spend or invest time. Make your choice wisely
Sunday Adelaja|As you grow older, you become faced with the problem of what to with your time
Sunday Adelaja|If you don’t pursue purpose, you won’t know what to with your time
Sunday Adelaja|As humans, we should be able to answer the question: “What do you do with your time?
Sunday Adelaja|Until you discover what you can do with your time, you won’t know how to go about crucial things
Sunday Adelaja|Time should be seen and assessed in seconds, minutes, hours and days
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Father always said that money doesn’t grow on trees. Well, time doesn’t grow on trees either.
Sunday Adelaja|Empower yourself and discover what you can do with your life through hard work, concentration and research
Sunday Adelaja|Maximize the time you have through hard work, concentration and research
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Your time and your true relevance are just like your shadow, the more you take steps into the darkness, the more they disappear!
Sunday Adelaja|You’ve got little time on earth, make each day count
Sunday Adelaja|A job shouldn’t be a mean of existence but rather, a means of sustenance
Sunday Adelaja|If you are working with no vision to be own your own boss, you are no different from people who are unemployed
Sunday Adelaja|When you invest in life, you are being fruitful and productive
Sunday Adelaja|Life is in time; seconds, minutes and hours
Sunday Adelaja|Time should be assessed as seconds, minutes and hours so as to be maximized effectively
Sunday Adelaja|To maximize time is to make sure that every second, minute and hour counts
Sunday Adelaja|Every minute, hour and hour that passes daily should be converted into product
Sunday Adelaja|You can multiply your life through work, not jobs
Sunday Adelaja|When life goes, the body becomes weaker
Sunday Adelaja|Always explore new opportunities and ideas, you never know which will work for you
Sunday Adelaja|We were built differently, locate you own calling and explore it
Sunday Adelaja|Never give up. It might not seem easy at first but in the end, it will all be worth it
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not work for your dream or purpose, someone else will hire you to fulfill his/hers
Sunday Adelaja|After losing you job, you have to sit, relax and discover yourself
Sunday Adelaja|Your job cannot sustain you, only your calling can
Sunday Adelaja|Want to keep your life? Look for work, not a job
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t make your job your assignment. Rather, make your life assignment your career and job
Sunday Adelaja|If you don’t leave your job, your job will leave you someday
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t make your job your permanent assignment. Rather, make your work your permanent assignment
Sunday Adelaja|Do not get a job for a living. Rather, get work
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|To be a good professional engineer,always start to study late for exams.Because it teaches you how tomanage time and tackle emergencies.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Raced Fairyland All the Way Home|All time is mean young man. It takes and does not give, it rushes when you wish it would linger and drags when you wish is would fly. It flows sullenly, only in one direction, when it might take a thousand turns. You cannot get anything back once time has taken it. Time cheats and steals and lies and kills. If anyone could arrest it, they would have time behind bars faster than you can check your watch.
Zain Baloch|What's the best time, someone asked me.., I simply replied "Spent with the loved ones".
D.S. Mixell|Although I understand that all days are equal with 24 hours each, most of us agree that Friday is the longest day of the week and Sunday the shortest!
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|We have become a shroud of delusion over reality. It is 'time' to accept that time is a created thing, it is not ticking... It is just a legal and economic system under which we are treated as property. Stop the glorification of busy...Stop feeding yourself with your own ashes.
J. Limbu|You're not just getting old, you're getting closer to your death; and you don't want to miss anything.
Miranda Emmerson, Miss Treadway and the Field of Stars|But life. It rushes by and then you think you'll see people... You think you'll do things and have time for this and time for that... And there is never time. This is what I have learned, Anna, I have learned that there is never as much time as you think there is. -(Ottmar)
Catherine Jones Payne, Breakwater|But, over time, grief fades. And so did my lust for vengeance.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Great news is that time is constant and anyone can catch it anytime, but the worst news is that time is transient, and it will not be available to you the next time.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|Back there in the beginning, as I see now, my life was all time and almost no memory. Though I knew early of death, it still seemed to be something that happened only to other people, and I stood in an unending river of time that would go on making the same changes and the same returns forever.And now, nearing the end, I see that my life is almost entirely memory and very little time.
Sandeep Sahajpal|One thing you cannot avoid ever in life, and that is time.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Time is like a raging bull … if you dare to hold it from the horns, you can ride it forever, but if in case you do not dare, you will be trailing behind holding from its tail.
Moryah DeMott, Timeless|You had me believing that I was crazy. Every time I broke down over what seemed like nothing, it was you.’ Bade ran an anxious hand through his hair.‘Well, that’s love isn’t it?’ Davina took his restless hand. ‘Love is crazy and irrational, and anything less would be boring.
Moryah DeMott, Timeless|Music is another language, one so close to actual thought, strung together, sometimes staccato, flowing, and sometimes even nonsensical or harsh to the ears. It’s truth in an otherwise dishonest world.
Liu Cixin, Death's End|A newly formed planet appeared on the large screen. its surface was till red-hot, like a piece of charcoal fresh out of the furnace. Time passed at the rate of geological eras, and the planet gradually cooled. The color and patterns on the surface slowly shifted in a hypnotic manner. A few minutes later, an orange planet appeared on the screen, indicating the end of the simulation run."The computations were done at the coarsest level; to do it with more precision would require over a month." Green Glasses moved the mouse and zoomed in on the surface of the planet. The view swept over a broad desert, over a cluster of strangely shaped, towering mountain peaks, over a circular depression like an impact crater."What are we looking at?" Yang Dong asked."Earth. Without life, this is what the surface of the planet would look like now.""But . . . where are the oceans?""There are no oceans. No rivers either. The entire surface is dry.""Your'e saying that without life, liquid water would not exist on Earth?""The reality would probably be even more shocking. Remember, this is only a coarse simulation, but at least you can see how much of an impact life had in the present state of the Earth.""But--""Do you think life is nothing but a fragile, thin, soft shell clinging to the surface of this planet?""Isn't it?""Only if you neglect the power of time. If a colony of ants continue to move clods the size of grains of rice, they could remove all of Mount Tai in a billion years. As long as you give it enough time, life is stronger than metal and stone, more powerful than typhoons and volcanoes.
Anthony Lo|You can't turn back the clock, but you can wind it up again.
Moryah DeMott, Timeless|Tell me that you don’t love me, and I’ll leave you alone. In this time or the next. Tell me that you don’t feel free. Tell me you can’t stand the way I look at you. But don’t tell me that I’m not allowed to love you. I will love you through every minute, every day, and every year for the rest of my life. My love for you is timeless.
Moryah DeMott, Timeless|My heart is torn in tiny pieces scattered throughout the years. I exist in several places because you carry those pieces with you, wherever you go, whoever you choose to be, I’ll be beside you in one form or another.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|Time is a funny thing. You can go through it and meddle with it, but nothing can stay permanent. So even if everything so far had not happened, time would still have managed to find a way to make all this happen.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|I felt so much older now, so much more responsible. I guess that there were some positive outcomes: I knew more things than usual, and I knew that I really could accomplish anything and everything. But sometimes, all a fifteen-year-old girl wants is to stop growing. She wants time to slow down and eventually stand still where she can be young and inexperienced forever. Sometimes, she simply wants to remain a child.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|And then I knew that despite all the pain and hard work all of us had gone through, despite the sadness and anger we felt, in the end, everything was going to be fine.	But I did not know when the end was, or if it was even near.	But that did not matter.	I preferred to look towards it in anticipation rather than worry about it. One new day equalled to one new adventure. And right now, I still had plenty of days left in my life. So I did not decide to sit down and plan out my life.	Instead, I decided to sit back, relax, and see where life would take me.
Aldrin Mathew, TIME TRAVEL EXPERIENCES: In a Sense, we all are Time Travelers! We are surviving each and every Active Time-Point in this Timeline.......|In a Sense, we all are Time Travelers! We are Surviving each and every Active Time-Point in this Timeline.......
Vladislav Khalyavkin|Oh Time, you arise with parting! [О Время, ты от разлуки!]- Vladislav Khalyavkin, The Operator
Moryah DeMott, Timeless|Sometimes I sit and stare out at the people walking by, wondering if they’ve felt as I’ve felt, trapped, alone, but guiltily content in the knowledge that I will never know another’s thoughts, and therefore can feel special due to my unique loneliness.
Moryah DeMott, Timeless|Such a funny thing, time. You spend your whole life wishing there was more or less of it, never realizing that the time already given could be worth more than that which you wished for.” -Davina
P.D. James|He was discovering that even hatred died a little at the end. But it still lasted longer than desire, longer even than love.
Liu Cixin, Death's End|Civilization was like a mad dash that lasted fie thousand years. Progress begot more progress; countless miracles gave birth to more miracles; humankind seemed to possess the power of gods; but in the end, the real power was wielded by time.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Well, don't expect us to be too impressed. We just saw Finnick Odair in his underwear.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|Everyone should be able to do one card trick, tell two jokes, and recite three poems, in case they are ever trapped in an elevator.
Cathy Guisewite|When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.
Albert Einstein|Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|It's not because I want to make out with her."Hold on." He grabbed a pencil and scrawled excitedly at the paper as if he'd just made a mathematical breakthrough and then looked back up at me. "I just did some calculations, and I've been able to determine that you're full of shit
Jerry Seinfeld|If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
Rodney Dangerfield|I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn't a professional, the knife had butter on it.
Bill Cosby|A word to the wise ain't necessary, it's the stupid ones who need advice.
Yogi Berra, When You Come to a Fork in the Road, Take It!: Inspiration and Wisdom from One of Baseball's Greatest Heroes|Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
Shel Silverstein|I cannot go to school today"Said little Peggy Ann McKay."I have the measles and the mumps,A gash, a rash and purple bumps.My mouth is wet, my throat is dry.I'm going blind in my right eye.My tonsils are as big as rocks,I've counted sixteen chicken pox.And there's one more - that's seventeen,And don't you think my face looks green?My leg is cut, my eyes are blue,It might be the instamatic flu.I cough and sneeze and gasp and choke,I'm sure that my left leg is broke.My hip hurts when I move my chin,My belly button's caving in.My back is wrenched, my ankle's sprained,My 'pendix pains each time it rains.My toes are cold, my toes are numb,I have a sliver in my thumb.My neck is stiff, my voice is weak,I hardly whisper when I speak.My tongue is filling up my mouth,I think my hair is falling out.My elbow's bent, my spine ain't straight,My temperature is one-o-eight.My brain is shrunk, I cannot hear,There's a hole inside my ear.I have a hangnail, and my heart is ...What? What's that? What's that you say?You say today is .............. Saturday?G'bye, I'm going out to play!
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|Did you see that dress?” "I saw the dress.” "Did you like it?” He didn't answer. I took that as a yes. "Am I going to endanger my reputation if I wear it to the dance?” When he spoke, I could barely hear him. "You'll endanger the school.” I smiled and fell asleep.
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|Damn, Claire. Warn a guy before you do a face-plant on the floor next time. I could have looked all heroic and caught you or something -Shane
Rodney Dangerfield|What a kid I got, I told him about the birds and the bees and he told me about the butcher and my wife.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Don’t put your wand there, boy! ... Better wizards than you have lost buttocks, you know!
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Do you want a cookie?- What?- A cookie. Like an Oreo. Do you want one?- No.- How can you not want a cookie?- I just don't.- Okay, fine,let's say you did want a cookie. Let's say you were dying for a cookie, and there were cookies in the cupboard. What would you do?- I'd eat a cookie?- Exactly. That's all I'm saying.- What are you saying?- That if people want cookies, they should get a cookie. It's what people do.- Let me guess. Dad won't let you have acookie?- No. Even though I'm practically starving to death, he won't even consider it. He says I have to have a sandwich first.- And you don't think that's fair.- You just said you'd get a cookie if you wanted one. So why can't I? I'm not a little kid. I can make my own decisions.- Hmm. I can see why this bothers you somuch.- It's not fair. If he wants a cookie, he can have one. If you want a cookie,you can have one. But if I want a cookie, the rules don't count. Like yousaid, it's not fair.- So what are you going to do?- I'm going to eat a sandwich. Because I have to. Because the world isn't fairto ten-year-olds.
Rachel Caine, Midnight Alley|Perv."He pointed to himself. "Male and eighteen. What's your point?
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|aren't you, uh... reproducing?"sure, we love reproducing it's one of our favorite things.
Gena Showalter, Animal Instincts|Ten Things You Shouldn't Say on a Date.1. You're wearing that?2. Something smells funny.3. Where's the Tylenol?4. And to think, I first wanted to date your brother.5. I have a confession to make…6. My dad has a suit just like that.7. That man is hot. Look at him.8. My ex, may he rot in hell forever…9. You're going to order that? Seriously?10. You're how old?
Rodney Dangerfield|Once I pulled a job, I was so stupid. I picked a guy's pocket on an airplane and made a run for it.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Why it's simply impassible!Alice: Why, don't you mean impos
Charles M. Schulz|This is my depressed stance. When you're depressed, it makes a lot of difference how you stand. The worst thing you can do is straighten up and hold your head high because then you'll start to feel better. If you're going to get any joy out of being depressed, you've got to stand like this.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|You…you got rid of that dress fast," I pointed out between heavy breaths. "I thought you liked it." "I do like it," he said. His breathing was as heavy as mine. "I love it." And then he took me to the bed.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|A ghostly smile flickered across his face. "If you weren't so psychotic, you'd be fun to hang around." "Funny, I feel that way about you too." He didn't say anything else, but the smile grew, and he walked away.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|Remind me," he paused, drawing in a stuttered gasp, "to never piss you off again. Christ, are you secretly a ninja?
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|Jesper knocked his head against the hull and cast his eyes heavenward. “Fine. But if Pekka Rollins kills us all, I’m going to get Wylan’s ghost to teach my ghost how to play the flute just so that I can annoy the hell out of your ghost.”Brekker’s lips quirked. “I’ll just hire Matthias’ ghost to kick your ghost’s ass.”“My ghost won’t associate with your ghost,” Matthias said primly, and then wondered if the sea air was rotting his brain.
John Green|Harry Potter isn’t real? Oh no! Wait, wait, what do you mean by real? Is this video blog real? Am I real if you can see me and hear me, but only through the internet? Are you real if I can read your comment but I don’t know who you are or what your name is or where you’re from or what you look like or how old you are? I know all of those things about Harry Potter. Maybe Harry Potter’s real and you’re not.
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|If there were an international butt competition, Eric would win, hands down—or cheeks up.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|That sounds terrific, thought Cary, just you, your comatose wife your shell-shocked son, and your daughter who hates your guts. Not to mention that your two kids may be in love with each other. Yeah, that sounds like a perfect family reunion.
Rodney Dangerfield|I came from a real tough neighborhood. Why, every time I shut the window I hurt somebody's fingers.
Orson Scott Card|Ethan Wyeth: I hope you're thirsty."Gideon Wyeth:"Why?"Ethan: "Cause your dumb and ugly, but I can do something about thirsty.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|She's cute, I thought, but you don't need to like a girl who treats you like you're ten: You've already got a mom.
Rachel Caine, The Dead Girls' Dance|Want to play baseball?’” she asked. Shane’s eyes opened, and he stopped stroking her hair. “What?’” “First base,’” she said. “You’re already there.’” “I’m not running the bases.’” “Well, you could at least steal second.’” “Jeez, Claire. I used to distract myself with sports stats at times like these, but now you’ve gone and ruined it.
William Shakespeare|I am a Jew. Hath not a Jew eyes? Hath not a Jew hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions; fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, heal'd by the same means, warm'd and cool'd by the same winter and summer, as a Christian is? If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die? And if you wrong us, do we not revenge? If we are like you in the rest, we will resemble you in that.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|We were kissing.I thought: This is good.I thought: I am not bad at this kissing. Not bad at all.I thought: I am clearly the greatest kisser in the history of the universe.Suddenly she laughed and pulled away from me. She wiggled a hand out of her sleeping bag and wiped her face. "You slobbered on my nose," she said, and laughed
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|Adrian, I'm on a date. Why are you here? On my car?
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|How long have you been standing there?""Just long enough to see you give Daemon the middle finger.""He deserved it.
Jon Stewart|I've been to Canada, and I've always gotten the impression that I could take the country over in about two days.
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|Scoot over, man. I don't like you that much." "Dick. That's not what you said last night.""Bite me.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx|Your mail could've waited." Daemon followed me into the kitchen. "What is it? Just books?"Grabbing the OJ from the fridge, I sighed. People who didn't heart books didn't understand.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|Whoa, who peed in your Cheerios?
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|She didn't care that people called her a bitch. 'It's just another word for feminist,' she told me with pride.
Bertrand Russell, New Hopes for a Changing World|Our great democracies still tend to think that a stupid man is more likely to be honest than a clever man, and our politicians take advantage of this prejudice by pretending to be even more stupid than nature made them.
Rachel Caine, Midnight Alley|But that quickly faded, and he frowned. "You're bleeding," he said. "What happened?"Claire sighed and held up her wrist to show him the bandage. "Man, you would be so embarrassed if I said it was something else." Michael looked blank. "I'm a girl, Michael, it could have been all natural, you know. Tampons?
Dave Barry|Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you have been drinking.
Lewis Carroll|Be what you would seem to be - or, if you'd like it put more simply - never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx|Daemon pressed his forehead against mine. "Oh, I still want to strangle you. But I'm insane. You're crazy. Maybe that's why. We just make crazy together.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|Ash is going to kick your ass, Daemon."Daemon's grin went up a notch. "Nah, she likes my ass too much for that.
Terry Pratchett, Unseen Academicals|The female mind is certainly a devious one, my lord." Vetinari looked at his secretary in surprise. "Well, of course it is. It has to deal with the male one.
Gerard Way|This shit is easy peasy, pumpkin peasy, pumpkin pie, muthafucka!
William Faulkner|I'm bad and I'm going to hell, and I don't care. I'd rather be in hell than anywhere where you are. 
D.J. MacHale|Now it was just the three of us: the leader, the warrior, and the kid about to wet his pants. Guess who I was.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opal|I have the feeling we just made a deal with the devil, and he's going to come back and want our first-born child or something."Daemon waggled his brows. "You want kids? Because you know, practice makes--""Shut up." I shook my head and started walking.
Kiera Cass, The One|Maxon: “To be clear, no one agrees with you.”America: “To be clear, I don’t care.
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|Just believe everything I tell you, and it will all be very, very simple.""Ah, well, I'm not sure I believe that.
Derek Landy, Skulduggery Pleasant|I'm placing you under arrest for murder, conspiracy to commit murder and, I don't know, possibly littering.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!
Ilona Andrews, Curran|She crouched with her hand out. What the hell was she doing… "Here, kitty, kitty, kitty." Oh my God, she was retarded and I was going to kill Jim.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|Is that a stake, Bones, or are you just happy with my new dress?”“In this case, it’s a stake. You could always feel around for something more, though. See what comes up.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Jem gave her a wistful look. “Must you go? I was rather hoping that you’d stay and be a ministering angel, but if you must go, you must.”	“I’ll stay,” Will said a bit crossly, and threw himself down in the armchair Tessa had just vacated. “I can minister angelically.”	“None too convincingly. And you’re not as pretty to look at as Tessa is,” Jem said, closing his eyes as he leaned back against the pillow.	“How rude. Many who have gazed upon me have compared it to gazing at the radiance of the sun.”	Jem still had his eyes closed. “If they mean that it gives you a headache, they aren’t wrong.
Claudia Gray, Evernight|Self-knowledge is better than self-control any day," Raquel said firmly. "And I know myself well enough to know how I act around cookies.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Tantalus made a wild grab, but the marshmallow committed suicide, diving into the flames.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|There are times when it is appropriate, even preferable, to get an erection when someone's face is in close proximity to your penis.This was not one of those times.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Ronan's bedroom door burst open. Hanging on the door frame, Ronan leaned out to peer past Gansey. He was doing that thing where he looked like both the dangerous Ronan he was now and the cheerier Ronan he had been when Gansey first met him."Hold on," Gansey told Adam. Then, to Ronan: "Why would he be?""No reason. Just no reason." Ronan slammed his door.Gansey asked Adam, "Sorry. You still have that suit for the party?"Adam's response was buried in the sound of the second-story door falling open. Noah slouched in. In a wounded tone, he said, "He threw me out the window!"Ronan's voice sang out from behind his closed door: "You're already dead!
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|What's a dementor?"I mean, I can't even. "Nora, you are no longer my sister.""So it's some Harry Potter thing," she says.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams|Zebrowski says that if you killed someone else just hide the body, he's not starting over on the paperwork.
Lisi Harrison, The Clique|Are you a female dog?""What?" Massie asked. 
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Infinity|Well, someone slap my butt and give me a hero cookie. (Nick)
Amy Poehler, Yes Please|However, if you do start crying in an argument and someone asks why, you can always say, "I'm just crying because of how wrong you are.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|IF WE DIE FOR THEM, I'LL KILL YOU, HARRY!
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|You're insane!" she shouted."Pretty cool, huh?""No!"Tally yelled. "Why didn't you tell me it was broken?"Shay shrugged. "More fun that way?""More fun?" Her heart beating fast,her vision strangely clear. She was full of anger and relief and...joy."Well, kind of. But you suck!
Jeaniene Frost, One Foot in the Grave|Juan gave Bones the most admiring look he’d bestowed on him yet. “You talked her into going without panties all these years? Madre de Dios, now that’s impressive. I could learn a great deal from you, amigo.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|So that's it?" Kenji says. "You just like him for his personality, huh?""What?""All of this," Kenji says, waving a hand in the air, "has nothing to do with him being all sexy and shit and him being able to touch you all the time?""You think Warner is sexy?""That is not what I said.
Cassandra Clare|Magnus raised his hands above his head and clapped once. The room flooded with light. "You see? You think that would be possible without magic? "Actually," replied Simon, "It is. If you watched infomercials you'd know that.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Oh, there you are, Albus,' he said. 'You've been a very long time. Upset stomach?''No, I was merely reading the Muggle magazines,' said Dumbledore. 'I do love knitting patterns.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|My friend "M" says the irony of being a zombie is that everything is funny, but you can't smile, because your lips have rotted off.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Would you like me to grovel with gratitude for bringing me here, High Lord?""Ah. The Suriel told you nothing important, did it?"That smile of his sparked something bold in my chest. "He also said that you liked being brushed, and if I'm a clever girl, I might train you with treats."Tamlin tipped his head to the sky and roared with laughter. Despite myself, I let out a quiet laugh. "I might die of surprise," Lucien said behind me. "You made a joke, Feyre."I turned to look at him with a cool smile. "You don't want to know what the Suriel said about you." I flicked my brows up, and Lucien lifted his hands in defeat."I'd pay good money to hear what the Suriel thinks of Lucien," Tamlin said.A cork popped, followed by the sounds of Lucien chugging the bottle's contents and chuckling with a muttered, "Brushed.
Shannon Hale, The Goose Girl|If we're mad, we're mad in large numbers, at least larger than yours.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Bloody Bones|One thing I've learned about vampires--they keep pulling new rabbits out of their cloaks. Big, fanged, carnivorous bunnies that'll eat your eyeballs if you're not paying attention.
Joe Adamson, Bugs Bunny Fifty Years And Only One Grey Hare|Of course you know, this means war.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|I'm not leaving, Kitten. You're going to do this."My mouth opened as did the door behind us. Stomach dropping, I turned to see Mom standing there in all her fuzzy-bunny pajama glory. Oh, for the love of God.
Richelle Mead, Blood Promise|What's that?" he asked, when I stood beside him again."Halos," I said with a grin. "For heavenly creatures like us.""That might be a stretch.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Circus of the Damned|Can the sarcasm,' he said. 'Please, I always use fresh sarcasm, never canned.
Rachel Hawkins, Demonglass|It just seems like overkill when you already have a dagger and I have superpowerful magic at my disposal.”“‘Superpowerful?’”He stood up, a gold chain dangling from his fingers. “Let me remind you of two words, Mercer: Bad. Dog.
Kelley Armstrong, The Awakening|Simon whispered to me, “But is everything okay?”“No,” Tori said. “I kidnapped her and forced her to escape with me. I’ve been using her as a human shield against those guys with guns, and I was just about to strangle her and leave her body here to throw them off my trail. But then you showed up and foiled my evil plans. Lucky for you, though. You get to rescue poor little Chloe again and win her undying gratitude.”“Undying gratitude?” Simon looked at me. “Cool. Does that come with eternal servitude? If so, I like my eggs sunnyside up.”I smiled. “I’ll remember that.”***“Oh, right. You must be starving.” Simon reached into his pockets. “I can offer one bruised apple and one brown banana. Convenience stores aren’t the place to buy fruit, as I keep telling someone.”“Better than these. For you, anyway, Simon.” Derek passed a bar to Tori.“Because you aren’t supposed to have those, are you?” I said. “Which reminds me…” I took out the insulin. “Derek said it’s your backup.”“So my dark secret is out.”“I didn’t know it was a secret.”“Not really. Just not something I advertise.”...“Backup?” Tori said. “You mean he didn’t need that?”“Apparently not,” I murmured.Simon looked from her to me, confused, then understanding. “You guys thought…”“That if you didn’t get your medicine in the next twenty-four hours, you’d be dead?” I said. “Not exactly, but close. You know, the old ‘upping the ante with a fatal disease that needs medication’ twist. Apparently, it still works.”“Kind of a letdown, then, huh?”“No kidding. Here we were, expecting to find you minutes from death. Look at you, not even gasping.”“All right, then. Emergency medical situation, take two.”He leaped to his feet, staggered, keeled over, then lifted his head weakly.“Chloe? Is that you?” He coughed. “Do you have my insulin?”I placed it in his outstretched hand.“You saved my life,” he said. “How can I ever repay you?”“Undying servitude sounds good. I like my eggs scrambled.”He held up a piece of fruit. “Would you settle for a bruised apple?”I laughed.
Steven Moffat|Hitler: Thank you, whoever you are. I think you just saved my life.The Doctor: Believe me... It was an accident.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|Jackass, jackass on the wall, where's the info on Hex Hall?
Jon Stewart|If the events of September 11, 2001, have proven anything, it's that the terrorists can attack us, but they can't take away what makes us American -- our freedom, our liberty, our civil rights. No, only Attorney General John Ashcroft can do that.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opal|Honestly, as much as I love my brother, I’m not sure how I feel about him hanging out in your bedroom.” He reached out with a muscular arm and used his fingers to brush a few strands of hair off my cheek, tucking them behind my ear. I shivered, and he smiled. “I feel like I need to mark my territory.” “Shut up.” “Oh, I love it when you get all bossy-pants. It’s sexy.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|So it's true what they say about warlocks, 
Tammara Webber, Easy|Lucas: I wanted to talk to you after class, but you disappeared.Me: I have another class right after. One of those profs who stops talking, stares at you and waits until you get to your seat if you're late.Lucas: I would probably just walk to my seat even slower. ;)
Margaret Stohl, Beautiful Creatures|Aunt Mercy put down her tiles, one at a time. I-T-C-H-I-N.Aunt Grace leaned closer to the board, squinting. "Mercy Lynne, you're cheatin' again! What kinda word is that? Use it in a sentence.""I'm itchin' ta have some a that white cake.""That's not how you spell it." At least one of them could spell. Aunt Grace pulled one of the tiles off the board. "There's no T in itchin'." Or not.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Yours in demigodishness, and all that. Peace out!
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|You will not kill my girlfriend today, International Terrorists of Ambiguous Nationality!
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|The clock struck eleven and cat the vampire huntress was on the loose, except my battle armor was a push-up bra, curled hair, and a short dress. Yeah, it was a dirty job, but I was going to do it. Come one, come all, bloodsuckers! Bar’s open!
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Tris," he says. "What did they do to you? You're acting like a lunatic.""That's not very nice of you to say," I say. "They put me in a good mood, that's all. And now I really want to kiss you, so if you could just relax-
Cassandra Clare|What did Isabelle want?" Jace asked.Alec hesitated. "Isabelle says the Queen of the Seelie Court has requested an audience with us.""Sure," said Magnus. "And Madonna wants me as a backup dancer on her next world tour."Alec looked puzzled. "Who's Madonna?""Who's the Queen of the Seelie Court?" said Clary."She is the Queen of Faerie," said Magnus. "Well, the local one, anyway."Jace put his head in his hands. "Tell Isabelle no.""But she thinks it's a good idea," Alec protested."Then tell her no twice.
James Patterson|They call me, The Sharkalator
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|On Friday night, I was reading my new book, but my brain got tired, so I decided to watch some television instead.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|Daemon!" Dee called from the kitchen. "I need your help!""We should go see what she's doing before she destroys your kitchen." He rubbed his hands down his face. "It's possible.
Karen Marie Moning, Darkfever|What are you" -Mac "I don't follow" -Jericho "You dropped 30 feet in that warehouse. You should have broken something. What are you?" -Mac "A man with a rope." -Jericho
Ilona Andrews, Gunmetal Magic|Did those nice church ladies come by again?" He nodded. "I asked them if a man died and then the woman remarried, and then the three of them met in heaven, would it be a sin for them to have a threesome, since they were all married in God's eye. And they decided they were late to be somewhere else.
Cynthia Hand, Hallowed|I sneaked out to his house a couple times in the middle of the night to watch over him while he slept, just in case, I don't know, his comic book collection decided to spontaneously combust. This was dumb and admittedly creepy in an Edward Cullen kind of way.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|I don't like hello. It makes me sound like I have dementia, like I've never heard a phone ring before and I don't know what's supposed to happen next. Hello?
Amie Kaufman, Illuminae|Interviewer: So. Tell me about your mother.Ezra: You're taping this, right?Interviewer: Audio only. Camera is faulty.Ezra: Okay, well for the benefit of the sight-impaired, I am now raising my… oh, dear… yes, it's my MIDDLE finger at Mr. Postgrad here.Interviewer: Mr. Mason...Ezra: Now I'm wiggling it.Interviewer: Terminating interview at 13:58 on 03/19/75.Ezra: Look at it wiggl--audio ends-
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|What do you think Dimitri? Is this a good idea, Dimitri? Please give us your blessing so that we can fall down and worship you, Dimitri.
Johnny Depp|One of the greatest pieces of advice I’ve ever gotten in my life was from my mom. When I was a little kid there was a kid who was bugging me at school and she said “Okay, I’m gonna tell you what to do. If the kid’s bugging you and puts his hands on you; you pick up the nearest rock...
Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid|She blinked. "Hmm? Oh, don't care. What did Anubis look like to you?""What did... he looked like a guy. So?""A good-looking guy, or a slobbering dog-headed guy?""I guess... Not the dog-headed guy.""I knew it!" Sadie pointed at me as if she'd won an argument."Good-looking. I knew it!"And with a ridiculous grin, she spun around and skipped into the house. My sister, as I may have mentioned, is a little strange.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|You don't want him," she said to the pink-haired girl. "He has syphilis."The girls stared. "Syphilis?""Five percent of people in America have it," said Ty helpfully."I do not have syphilis," Mark said angrily. "There are no sexually transmitted diseases in Faerieland!"”Sorry," Jules said. "You know how syphilis is. Attacks the brain.
Kelley Armstrong, The Summoning|Whatever it is," I said, "the point is moot because as long as I'm on these pills, I can't make contact to ask."Derek ... snapped, "Then you need to stop taking the pills."Love to. If I could. But after what happened last night, they're giving me urine tests now."Ugh. That's harsh." Simon went quiet, then snapped his fingers.Hey, I've got an idea. It's kinda gross, but what if you take the pills, crush them and mix them with your, you know, urine."Derek stared at him.What?"You did pass chem last year, didn't you?"Simon flipped him the finger. "Okay, genius, what's your idea?"I'll think about it. ..."***Here," Derek whispered, pressing an empty Mason jar into my hand. He'd pulled me aside after class and we were now standing at the base of the boy's staircase. "Take this up to your room and hide it."It's a ... jar."He grunted, exasperated that I was so dense I failed to see the critical importance of hiding an empty Mason jar in my room.It's for your urine."My what?"He rolled his eyes, a growl-like sound sliding through his teeth ashe leaned down, closer to my ear. "Urine. Pee. Whatever. For the testing."I lifted the jar to eye level. "I think they'll give me somethingsmaller."...You took your meds today, right?" he whispered.I nodded.Then use this jar to save it."Save . . . ?"Your urine. If you give them some of today's tomorrow, it'll seem like you're still taking your meds."You want me to . . . dole it out? Into specimen jars?"Got a better idea?"Um, no, but ..." I lifted the jar and stared into it.Oh, for God's sake. Save your piss. Don't save your piss. It's all the same to me."Simon peeked around the corner, brows lifted. "I was going to ask what you guys were doing, but hearing that, I think I'll pass.
Gena Showalter, Alice in Zombieland|Don't look now, but that's my ex over there."Surely I'm not the only one who takes "don't look now" as "there's no better time than now." I looked."Bad, Ali!" Another slap to my arm. "Bad, bad, bad Ali! Have you no self control?
R.L. Mathewson, Perfection|Married?" she practically screeched, not sounding all that pleased, which left him feeling a little offended. "We're not getting married."He snorted at that. "I may have let you have your naughty little way with me for the past couple of months, but that doesn't mean I'm going to allow you to keep treating me like some dirty little boy toy. If you want to live with me then I expect you to put a ring on my finger," he said, holding up his left hand and wiggling his ring finger to punctuate his words.
Rachel Vincent, Rogue|Screw this. He’d blown his shot at nice-and-easy, which only left quick-and-brutal—my favorite way to play.
Charlaine Harris, Dead Until Dark|I snuck a look to see how Eric was taking this, and he was staring at me the same way the Monroe vampires had. Thoughtful. Hungry."That's interesting," he said. "I had a psychic once. It was incredible.""Did the psychic think so?
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Simon!" Clary shouted, and seized his arm. "What?" Simon looked alarmed."I'm not really sleeping with your mom, you know. I was just trying to get your attention. Not that your mom isn't a very attractive woman, for her age.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Wait a second," Clary said."I never understand why people say that," Luke said, to no one in particular. "I wasn't going anywhere.
Samantha Young, On Dublin Street|I was washing the dishes and the sneaky bastard crept up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist. And kissed me. Right here.” I pointed angrily to my neck. “Can I not have him committed or something?”Dr. Pritchard snorted. “For loving you?”I drew back, shaking my head in disgust. “Dr. Pritchard,” I admonished softly. “Whose side are you on?”“Braden’s.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Wow. What'd he do to deserve that? Rescue orphans from a burning building? If so, you might want to make sure he didn't set the building on fire in the first place.
Rachel Caine, Kiss of Death|Shane dragged Eve's suitcase into the room and dumped it on the floor beside her bed. “Hey, Dark Princess? Here’s your crap. Also, bite me.
Lady Gaga|I'm a little bit naked, but that's okay.
Leigh Bardugo, Shadow and Bone|You're very welcome," she said, giving my hair a hard tug. "You should be used to being gawked at by now.""And yet I'm not.""Well, if it gets too bad, give me a signal, and I'll get up on the banquet table, toss my skirt over my head, and do a little dance. That way no one will be looking at you.
Rachel Vincent, Stray|Apparently the complete works of Shakespeare packed quite a wallop. To think, my mother said I'd never find use for an English degree. Ha! I'd like to see her knock someone silly with an apron and a cookie press.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|The Ultimate Answer to Life, The Universe and Everything is...42!
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|I wonder what will happen if i put a hand cream on my feet, will they get confused and start clapping?
Julia Quinn, The Viscount Who Loved Me|Anthony Bridgerton leaned back in his leather chair,and then announced, "I'm thinking about getting married."Benedict Bridgerton, who had been indulging in a habit his mother detested—tipping his chair drunkenly on the back two legs—fell over.Colin Bridgerton started to choke.Luckily for Colin, Benedict regained his seat with enough time to smack him soundly on the back, sending a green olive sailing across the table.It narrowly missed Anthony's ear.
Louis Tomlinson, Dare to Dream: Life as One Direction|When I was growing up we didn't have a massive house and there were five women running around, so my dad and I had to stick together!
Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After|St. Clair gets a crush on Anna. He's torn between her and Ellie, and he spends so much time running between them that he hardly has time left for Josh. And the more time that Josh spends alone, the more he realizes how alone he actually is. All of his friends will be gone the next year. Josh grows increasingly antagonistic toward school, which makes Rashmi increasingly antagonistic toward him, which makes him increasingly antagonistic toward her. And she's upset because Elie dropped her as a friend, and Meredith is upset because now St. Clair likes two girls who aren't her, and Anna is upset because St. Clair is leading her on, and then St. Clair's mom gets cancer. It's a freaking soap opera.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Raffin appeared again, a floor above her, on the balconied passageway that ran past his workrooms. He leaned over the railing and called down to her. "Kat!""What is it?""You look lost . Have you forgotten the way to your rooms?""I'm stalling.""How long will you be? I'd like to show you a couple of my new discoveries.""I've been told to make myself pretty for dinner."He grinned. "Well in that case, you'll be ages."His face dissolved into laughter, and she tore a button from one of her bags an hurled it at him. He squealed and dropped to the floor, and the button hit the wall right where he'd been standing. When he peeked back over the railing, she stood in the courtyard with her hands on her hips, grinning. "I missed on purpose," she said."Show off! Come if you have time." He waved, and turned into his rooms.
C.J. Redwine, Defiance|I love how you still think if you tell me to do something, I'll just check my brain at the door and do it.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|Shouldn't someone give a pep talk or something?' Minho asked..."Go ahead," Newt replied.Minho nodded and faced the crowd. 'Be careful,' he said dryly. 'Don't die.'Thomas would have laughed if he could, but he was too scared for it to come out.'Great. We're all bloody inspired,' Newt answered.
C.C. Hunter, Awake at Dawn|You knocked the door down." Disbelief rang in his matter-of-fact tone. "I know," she answered,unable to say anything else. Unable to look away from his body."But it's solid oak.""I know." She felt the solid oak beneath her and a little shocked that she'd done it, too. If it mattered at all, her shoulder felt a little bruised. And it was the slight pain that brought some reality back into the moment. "You don't have any clothes on." Oh, God, did she really say that?
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|That's your truck parked up by the factory isn't it?" Magnus pointed. "It's awfully butch for a bookseller.
James Patterson, School's Out—Forever|It's funny how different people are. If I'd been this kid and someone was snarling "Ordering a pizza?" at me, without even thinking, I would have snarled back "Yeah. You want pepperoni?"-Maximum Ride
Gena Showalter, Alice in Zombieland|Yeah, okay. You're right. I was having dinner with Zombie Carl the other night. You know, steak, rare, and a bottle of vintage type A. He told me all his secrets, but too bad for you I promised him I wouldn't tell. In exchange I asked him to gather his best undead buddies and stalk me through my friend's yard. And oh, yeah, it was totally fine if they wanted to use me as an all-night-dinner buffet, because having organs is SO last year.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|And while my mind is telling me I'm flirting with her just to prove a point, my body wants to play "you show me your perky privates and I'll show you mine.
Richelle Mead, Silver Shadows|Are you in a suit?' I managed at last, my voice choking up. 'You didn’t have to dress up for me.''Quiet, Sage,' he said. 'I’ll make the hilarious one-liners during this daring rescue.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|And certainly, the mistakes that we male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly raise some wonder that we are so fond of it.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Normal? I'm not normal enough for you?" Carlos says. "You want this guy instead? Did you notice his hair doesn't move? That's not normal. You want to date him again, go ahead. Hell, if you want to marry him and be Kiara Barra the rest of your life, be my guest.""That's not want I--""I don't want to hear it. Hasta," Carlos says, ignoring me and walking away.I feel my face heat in embarrassment as I look at Michael. "Sorry. Carlos can he abrasive sometimes.""Don't apologize. The guy obviously has major issues and, for the record, my hair moves... when I want it to.
Rachel Hawkins, Rebel Belle|I picked up the nearest weapon I could lay my hands on: a stapler. I lifted it, going for “menacing.” I admit it lacked a certain elegance, but hey. It was worth a shot. David placed his hand on my arm and pushed it back down.“What?”“Just . . . that’s embarrassing for all of us,” he replied.
Claudia Gray, Evernight|I apologized to her once for spending less time with her, but she blew it off. "You're in love. That makes you actually kind of boring to people who aren't in love. You know, the sane ones.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|Mal snickered. "What's so funny?""I just pictured the Darkling being cornered by a sweaty duchess trying to have her way with him.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|The Friday before winter break, my mom packed me an overnight bag and a few deadly weapons and took me to a new boarding school.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|Yes, because a vampire slumber party is the pinnacle of safety conscious behavior.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|Why are you wearing a T-shirt under your other T-shirt?" Livvy asked."In case one of them is stolen," Marked said, as it were entirely normal.
Rachel Caine, Fade Out|Me neither,” Shane put in. “Homie don’t play that.”“I wonder, sometimes, if your generation speaks English at all,” Amelie said.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|This isn't a Christmas special! This is my life. In the real world, miracles and goodness just don't happen.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|I take a sip of my beer, and it's - I mean, it's just astonishingly disgusting. I don't think I was expecting it to taste like ice cream, but holy fucking hell. People lie and get fake IDs and sneak into bars, and for this? I honestly think I'd rather make out with Bieber. The dog. Or Justin.
Neil Gaiman, The Kindly Ones|I would feel infinitely more comfortable in your presence if you would agree to treat gravity as a law, rather than one of a number of suggested options.
Francine Pascal, Fearless|It's so trendy, almost bleeding to death. All the cool girls are doing it.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|He flipped himself onto his side and kissed me. "You're so hot," I said, my hand still on his leg. "I'm starting to think you have an amputee fetish," he answered, still kissing me. I laughed."I have an Augustus Waters fetish," I explained.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|I rolled my eyes. “I feel like a zoo animal.”Travis watched me for a moment, noted those staring, and then stood up. “I CAN’T!” he yelled. I stared in awe as the entire room jerked their heads in his direction. Travis bobbed his head a couple of times to a beat in his head.Shepley closed his eyes. “Oh, no.”Travis smiled. “get no….sa…tis…faction,” he sang, “I can’t get no….sat-is-fac-tion. ‘Cuz I’ve tried…and I’ve tried…and I’ve tried…and I’ve tried…,” he climbed onto the table as everyone stared, “I CAN’T GET NO!”He pointed to the football players at the end of the table and they smiled, “I CAN’T GET NO!” they yelled in unison. The whole room clapped to the beat, then.Travis’ sang into his fist, “When I’m drivin’ in my car, and a man comes on the…ra-di-o…he’s tellin’ me more and more…about some useless in-for-ma-tion! Supposed to fire my im-agin-a-tion! I CAN’T GET NO!
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|I had an uneventful few days," it told her. "The most exciting thing was an hour-long lecture from the headmaster on taking our studies seriously. He said next year's exam will arrive sooner than we think.""No, they won't," Valkyrie said, frowning. "They'll arrive next year, exactly when we expect them.""That's what I told him," the reflection nodded. "I don't think he's comfortable with logic, because he didn't look happy. He sent me to the Career Guidance counsellor, who asked me what I wanted to do after college."Valkyrie stowed her black clothes. "What did you say?""I told her I wanted to be a Career Guidance counsellor. She started crying, then accused me of mocking her. I told her if she wasn't happy in her job then she should look at other options, then pointed out that I was already doing her job better than she was. She gave me detention.
Jonathan Safran Foer|Isn’t it so weird how the number of dead people is increasing even though the earth stays the same size, so that one day there isn’t going to be room to bury anyone anymore? For my ninth birthday last year, Grandma gave me a subscription to National Geographic, which she calls “the National Geographic.” She also gave me a white blazer, because I only wear white clothes, and it’s too big to wear so it will last me a long time. She also gave me Grandpa’s camera, which I loved for two reasons. I asked why he didn’t take it with him when he left her. She said, “Maybe he wanted you to have it.” I said, “But I was negative-thirty years old.” She said, “Still.” Anyway, the fascinating thing was that I read in National Geographic that there are more people alive now than have died in all of human history. In other words, if everyone wanted to play Hamlet at once, they couldn’t, because there aren’t enough skulls!
Maria V. Snyder, Poison Study|The uniform enhanced his athletic body, and my thoughts drifted to how magnificent he would look with his uniform puddled around his feet.
John Green|I wish I knew how to quit you, Tumblr.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Be careful you don't cut yourself. The edges are sharp enough to shave with.''Girls don't shave', Arya said.'Maybe they should. Have you ever seen the septa's legs?
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|Emergency Valve Regulators," she repeated. "So you do know what your doing?"Not really," he said yanking another wire. 'I made up that term to keep you happy. I'm just pulling all the red wires because they're the pretty ones.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|I hate you' she said to me one afternoon. 'I really, really hate you.' Call me sensitive, but I couldn't help but take it personally.
Marie Lu, Champion|June laughs. "I have to say, you look better than most people I see. I've heard a lot about you.""I hear about you a lot too," Eden replies in a rush, "mostly from Daniel. He thinks you're really hot.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|I passed out from stress? That’s it?”“I believe the princess term is fainted,” said Thorne.
Patricia C. Wrede, Dealing with Dragons|Well,” said the frog, “what are you going to do about it?”“Marrying Therandil? I don’t know. I’ve tried talking to my parents, but they won’t listen, and neither will Therandil.”“I didn’t ask what you’d said about it,” the frog snapped. “I asked what you’re going to do. Nine times out of ten, talking is a way of avoiding doing things.
Brandon Mull|It was an emergency!" Seth blurted. "Read my lips - emergency reading - not some demented idea of fun. If I was starving, I would eat asparagus. If somebody held a gun to my head, I would watch a soap opera. And to save Fablehaven, I would read a book, okay, are you happy?"You had best be careful, Seth," Grandma warned. "The love of reading can be contagious."I just lost my appetite," he declared...
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|His eyebrows pulled in. “You won’t leave me, right? Even when I’m a pain in the ass?”“I vowed in front of God – and Elvis – that I wouldn’t, didn’t I?
Gena Showalter, Alice in Zombieland|He was gorgeous, and I absolutely, no question, had to be drooling. After a quick and hopefully stealthy check – big show, I wasn’t!- I found myself wonder what color his eyes were. Brown maybe. Or even hazel. Either way…wow, just wow. Deer? Headlights? Hi, I’m Ali.
Graham Parke, No Hope for Gomez!|Instead of heading for a big mental breakdown, I decided to have a small breakdown every Tuesday evening.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|His fingers lightly grazed my cheek. "I didn't know you before. When you're not there, I can't concentrate. I'm wondering where you are, what you're doing...if you're there and I can see you, I can see you, I can focus. I know it's crazy, but that's how it is." "And crazy is exactly the way I like it," I said, leaning up to kiss his lips."Obviously," America muttered under breath.
Karen Chance, Death's Mistress|I'm tired, I'm hungry and I have a head in a bag," I warned him. "Do not fuck with me.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|Are you okay?" I (Cassie) call up to him."Um. Define okay." (Ben)"Okay means you're not bleeding to death.""I'm okay.
Charlaine Harris, Dead Until Dark|But there's a juicy artery in your groin," he said after a pause to regroup, his voice as slithery as a snake on a slide."Don't you talk dirty," I told him. "I won't listen to that.
Flannery O'Connor, The Complete Stories|He and the girl had almost nothing to say to each other. One thing he did say was, 'I ain't got any tattoo on my back.''What you got on it?' the girl said.'My shirt,' Parker said. 'Haw.''Haw, haw,' the girl said politely.
Mark Twain|Most writers regard the truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are economical in its use.
Colleen Houck|Ren took off his jacket, which slicited a squeak from Jennifer who was now totally focused on Ren's golden-bronze biceps. His perfectly fitted muscle shirt showed off his extremely well-developed arms and chest. I hissed at him quietly, "For heaven's sake, Ren! You're going to give the women heart palpitations!
Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young|I tell you, I'm half tempted to break into CIA custody just so I can break Joe Solomon out of CIA custody just so I can break Joe Solomon.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|That’s us,” he said. “Those five nuts right there.”Which one is me?” I asked.The little deformed one,” Zoe suggested.Oh, shut up.
P.C. Cast, Awakened|Zoey~ 'Listen to me, whinning about money and a scarf. Ah, hell! I'm starting to sound like Aphrodite.'Stark~ 'If you turn into Aprodite I'm going to stab myself.'Zoey~ 'If I turn into Aprodite, stab me first.'Stark~ 'Deal.'Zoey~ 'Deal.
Linda Howard, Mr. Perfect|She should have remembered her past experiences in the relationship wars and not let herself get so excited. Evidently her hormones had overruled her common sense and she had become drunk on ovarian wine, the most potent, sanity- destroying substance in the universe.
Cassandra Rose Clarke, The Assassin's Curse|She moved like water, graceful and soft and lovely. Every part of me wanted to stick out my foot and trip her, just to see her stumble.
James Patterson|If you're ever feeling a lack of middle-aged white men, just pop into the Capitol. Not so much the House of Representatives, which has a bit more color and texture, but the Senate -- jeez. Yes, let's have more testosterone running the country.Maximum Ride, School's Out--Forever
Julie Kagawa, The Lost Prince|Huh, another queen,” Puck mused, an evil grin crossing his face. “Maybe we should drop in and introduce ourselves, ice-boy. Do the whole, hey, we were just in the neighborhood, and we were just wondering if you had any plans to take over the Nevernever. Have a fruit basket.
Kiersten White, Paranormalcy|Being dead wasn't supposed to hurt. Where was the fairness in that? If I was dead, the least the universe could do was make it painless
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|I hate witches. Humans had the right idea, burning them at the stake.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|So they finally gave you the license to kill, about time.
Philip K. Dick|It really seems to me that in the midst of great tragedy, there is always the horrible possibility that something terribly funny will happen.
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|As I climbed up into the high old bed, the large fly in my personal ointment did the same. Had I actually told him he could get in bed with me? Well, I decided, as I wriggled down under the soft old sheets and the blanket and the comforter, if Eric had designs on me, I was just too tired to care."Woman?""Hmmm?""What's your name?""Sookie. Sookie Stackhouse.""Thank you, Sookie.""Welcome, Eric.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|You just punched a prince, Alina. I guess we can add one more act of treason to our list.”I shook out my sore hand. My knuckles smarted. “First of all, are we so sure he really is a prince? And second, you’re just jealo
Wendy Higgins, Sweet Evil|Hey, princess of Popsicles! Queen of curlicue cones.
Tamora Pierce|Not one word," Kel warned. "Tobe and I have reached an understanding." Neal's lips twitched. "Why do I feel you did most of the understanding.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|It's sometimes funny to watch some people doing something the wrong way but doing it confidently. Even more funny, they succeeded.
Claudia Gray, Evernight|Vic knelt by Lucas's side. 'You look like crap, by the way.''Thanks for breaking it to me gently.' Lucas took a deep breath, then groaned.
Gena Showalter, Alice in Zombieland|Are you suggesting I’m working with thezombies? That I paid them to pretend toattack me so that I’d trick you into letting me join you?”“Did you?” Mr. Holland demanded.“Yeah, okay,” I said in a sugar-sweet tone. “You’re right. I was having dinner with Zombie Carl the other night. You know, steaks, rare, and a bottle of vintage type A. He told me all his secrets, but too bad for you I promised him I wouldn’t tell. In exchange I asked him to gather hisbest undead buddies and stalk me throughmy friend’s yard. And oh, yeah, it wastotally fine if they wanted to use me as an all-night dinner buffet, because having organs is so last season.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds|Would you like to borrow a pair of my panties to wave around at the next Council meeting to get the point across?”His eyes flashed. “Got any to spare?” I could’ve picked somebody rational. But no, I had to fall in love with this arrogant idiot. Come to the Keep with me, be my princess. Mourn me when your crazy dad kills me. Yeah, right.
Kresley Cole, Dark Desires After Dusk|Gods, I love it when you talk mathy to me.
Anton Chekhov|There is nothing more awful, insulting, and depressing than banality.
Gena Showalter, The Queen of Zombie Hearts|Roses are red, violets are blue, I have five fingers, the middle one is for you.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|Working for Mab now, are you, Wolfman?" he smirked. "Like a good little attack dog? Will you also roll over and beg if she asks?
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|I may not have been completely honest about that.""You? Less than truthful? I'm shocked, Nikolai. Shocked and horrified.
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|Come on," I said, taking his hand. Clutching the afghan with the other hand, he trailed down the hall after me, a snow white giant in tiny red underwear.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Her voice was now so shrill only bats would be able to hear it soon, but she had reached a level of indignation that rendered her temporarily speechless..
Maria V. Snyder, Fire Study|In the war room, love? What if someone comes in?”I stood and removed his shirt. “Then they’ll have a good story to tell.”“Good?” He adopted the pretense of being offended.“Prove me wrong.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I can't go to Amsterdam. One of my doctors thinks it's a bad idea."He was quiet for a second. "God," he said. "I should've just paid for it myself. Should've just taken you straight from the Funky Bones to Amsterdam.""But then I would've had a probably fatal episode of deoxygenation in Amsterdam, and my body would have been shipped home in the cargo hold of an airplane," I said. "Well, yeah," he said. "But before that, my grand romantic gesture would have totally gotten me laid."I laughed pretty hard, hard enought that I felt where the chest tube had been. "You laugh because it's true," he said.I laughed again."It's true, isn't it!" "Probably not," I said, and then after a moment added, "although you never know.
Sophie Kinsella, I've Got Your Number|I've never felt so bereft and panicky. What do I do without my phone? How do I function? My hand keeps automatically reaching for my phone in its usual place in my pocket. Every instinct in me wants to text someone, 'OMG, I've lost my phone! ' but how can do that without a bloody phone?
Rachel Caine, Last Breath|Does it hurt?”He bent his head and lightly kissed her forehead. “Only when I laugh.”“I’ll try not to be funny.”“Epic fail, beautiful.
Louis C.K., Untitled 1|Everything's amazing right now, and nobody's happy.
Devon Sampson|If god meant for people to talk into cellphones, he would've put our mouths on the side of our heads.
Gena Showalter, Animal Instincts|Leap out the window, my inner Tigress cried. You aren't ready to face such a powerful Tiger. I frowned. I thought a true Tigress never backed down from a fight. Don't you know anything? When she's in heat, she avoids everything male. Now run!
L.H. Cosway, The Hooker and the Hermit|Dearest Annie, Roses are red. Violets are blue. I’m using my hand But I’m thinking of you. - Ronan P.S. Just to clarify, I’m using my hand to write this note…get your mind out of the gutter.
Eoin Colfer, The Eternity Code|So, Mr. Digence, home to visit the family?""That's right. My mother's folks are from Killarney.""Oh, really?""O'Reilly, actually. But what's a vowel between friends?""Very good. You should be on the stage.""It's funny you should mention that."The passport officer groaned. Ten more minutes and his shift would have been over. "I was being sarcastic, actually
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma|You've read half the books in this house? This whole house?" "Well, approximately half." Sticky said. "To be more accurate, I suppose I've read more like" - his eyes went up as he calculated - "three sevenths? Yes, three sevenths." "Only three sevenths?" said Kate, pretending to look disappointed. "And here I was prepared to be impressed.
Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl|Knock yourself out... Or rather, don't.
Ilona Andrews|Kate's Speciality: Killing things, with much bloodshed. Talking trash, infuriating authority. Driving Beast Lord crazy.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|A snap of Rhys’s fingers, and my nightclothes—and some flimsy underthings—appeared on the bed. “I couldn’t decide which scrap of lace I wanted you to wear, so I brought you a few to choose from.” “Pig,” I barked
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Pleasure|Legion hissed like a startled cat, the noise scraping at Reyes’s skin. “Me no boy. You think me a boy?”Everyone stopped, stared. Even Aeron.Reyes was the first to find his voice. “You’re a…girl?”A nod. “Me pretty.”“Yes, you are.” Reyes exchanged a glance with Lucien. “Beautiful.
Darynda Jones, Fifth Grave Past the Light|If it weren’t for physics and law enforcement, I’d be unstoppable.
Seanan McGuire, Rosemary and Rue|If anything attacked us, we could just panic at it until it went away.
Gena Showalter, Alice in Zombieland|Pops: How about you finish this sentence for me, Jason? When a girl says no she means...Justin, looking desperately at me: No?Nana: Are you sure?Justin, shifting uncomfortably: I'm sure. No means no.Nana: Well look at you. You got one right. Now here's another, even tougher sentence for you to finish. Premarital sex is...Me: Nana! I'm so sorry Justin.Nana: Unlike Pops, I'm not moving on. Justin?Pops: His name is Jason.Justin:Uh....uh....Pops: While you think about that, why don't you tell me how you feel about drinking and driving?Justin: I'm totally against it, I swear!Nana: Methinks he protests too much.
E. Lockhart, Real Live Boyfriends: Yes. Boyfriends, Plural. If My Life Weren't Complicated, I Wouldn't Be Ruby Oliver|Maybe a friend is someone who wants your updates. Even if they're boring. Or sad. Or annoyingly cutesy. A friend says "Sign me up for your boring crap, yes indeed"--because he likes you anyways. He'll tolerate your junk
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|Because he sounded so lost-the Eric I knew had never been one to do anything other than assume others should serve him-I patted around under the covers for his hand. When I found it, I slid my own over it. His palm was turned up to meet my palm, and his fingers clasped mine. And though I would not have thought it possible to go to sleep holding hands with a vampire, that's exactly what I did.
A.G. Howard, Unhinged|Shh." I squeeze his hand. His palm feels clammy. "We have to keep it down, okay? We don't want my dad coming in."He grits his teeth against more shivers. "Always knew I'd end up in your bed . . . and hear you say those words one day." He manages a smirk.Jeb snarls. "Unbelievable. Even when he's at death's door he's a tool." He arranges a pillow beneath Morpheus's neck. "Why don't you keep your mouth shut while we help you."Morpheus laughs weakly, his skin flashing with blue light. "What say Alyssa"--his breath rattles--"give my mouth something else to do?
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|My parents didn't raise me to be religious. The closest we come to worship is the Trinity of Visa, Mastercard, and American Express. I think the Merryweather cheerleaders confuse me because I missed out on Sunday School. It has to be a miracle. There is no other explanation. How else could they sleep with the football team on Saturday night and be reincarnated as virginal goddesses on Monday?
Parker Blue, Bite Me|What are you?” he demanded. “A slayer?" I rolled my eyes. “The name's Val, not Buffy. Do I look like a blond cheerleader with questionable taste in men?
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|I shouldn't have lost my temper that way. It just pricks his pride, makes him dig in his heels.""So why did you?" I asked, genuinely curious. It was rare for Nikolai's emotions to get the best of him. "I don't know," he said, shredding the leaf. "You got angry. I got angry. The room was too damn hot.""I don't think that's it.""Indigestion?" he offered."It's because you actually care about what happens to this country," I said. "The throne is just a prize to Vasily, something he wants to squabble over like a favorite toy, You're not like that. You'll make a good king."Nikolai froze. "I…" For once, words seemed to have deserted him. Then a crooked, embarrassed smile crept across his face. It was a far cry from his usual self-assured grin. "Thank you," he said.I sighed as we resumed our pace. "You're going to be insufferable now, aren't you?"Nikolai laughed. "I'm already insufferable.
Francine Pascal, Fearless|He slowed down a bit more. "Gaia, how do you know these things?" She shrugged. "I'm smart." "And modest, too." "Modesty is a waste of time," she pronounced. "I'll keep that in mind.
Rachel Vincent, Rogue|In the office, Michael sat behind our father’s desk, clicking away at the computer with his right hand, and making notes with his left. Ambidextrous freak.
Kasie West, The Fill-In Boyfriend|Hayden?""Yes,Gia?""Nothing I just wanted to say your name
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|He laughs. "Put some clothes on so you don't scare poor Kiara with your morning hard-on."I look down at my shorts. Sure enough, I've got la tengo dura in front of Kiara and Tuck. Shit. I reach out for the first thing I can grab and put it in front of me to shield myself from view. It happens to be one of Kiara's stuffed animals, but I don't have much choice right now."That's Kiara's Mojo," Tuck says, laughing. "Get it? Mojo?
Maria V. Snyder, Fire Study|Lief. That's not nice, considering all your sister has done for you," admonished Perl."Oh right. How could I forget that she made me bait for a snake, left me on house arrest in Ixia, and smuggled me into the Keep in a coffin.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|I'm sure I look like a drowned cat.""You look fine. The wet look works for you."I scowled. "Now I know you're lying.
Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl|Shut up, Julius! I mean, quiet a moment, Commander.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|He stood and looked at me for a moment, taking in my outfit. "You look hot.""What? Me?" I stammered, completely flummoxed."Yeah," he said, still looking at me."Oh. Um, thank you. I mean, not that you don’t, but I’m not sure that you should—I mean …""Oh, no," Roger said quickly, and I could see that he was blushing again. "No. I mean—I meant what you’re wearing. Are you going to be too warm?
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|hey. I just wanted to make sure you got home," I say. "Katniss, I live three houses away from you," he says.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|You don’t have any friends, your sister dumped you, you’re a freak eater..and you’ve got some weird thing about Simon Snow.""I object to every single thing you just said."Reagan chewed. And frowned. She was wearing dark red lipstick."I have lots of friends," Cath said."I never see them.""I just got here. Most of my friends went to other schools. Or they’re online.""Internet friends don’t count.""Why not?"Reagan shrugged disdainfully."And I don’t have a weird thing with Simon Snow," Cath said. "I’m just really active in the fandom.""What the fuck is ‘the fandom’?
Kelley Armstrong, The Summoning|He said "cool" like I say a Spanish word when I'm not sure of the pronunciation.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Honestly, Clary, if you don't start utilizing a bit of your natural feminine superiority I just don't know what I'll do with you.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Treasure Island|Fifteen men on the Dead Man's Chest Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum! Drink and the devil had done for the rest Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!
George Carlin, When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?|I'm not a person who thinks they can have it all, but I certainly feel that with a bit of effort and guile I should be able to have more than my fair share.
Dave Eggers, You Shall Know Our Velocity!|I hung up the phone, jubilant, and threw myself into a wall, then pretended to be getting electrocuted. I do this when I'm very happy.
Claudia Gray, Evernight|Suspicion," he said. "Directed by Alfred Hitchcock. He's a genius." "Starring Cary Grant." When Lucas gave me a look, I added, "You have your priorities, I have mine.
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|Skulduggery.""Fletcher."Fletcher stuck out his hand. Skulduggery observed it for a moment."I'm sorry, what are we doing now?""Shaking hands," Fletcher said. "Like adults. I just want you to know that this past year has changed me. I've grown, as a person. I'm not the same Fletcher you used to know."You look a lot like him.""Well, yeah, but-""And you have the same ridiculous hair.""Can we just shake hands?""Of course we can," Skulduggery said, and they shook. "Now what?""I, uh...I don't really know. What do adults usually do after they shake hands?""Generally, the first thing they do is let go.""Oh, right," Fletcher said, and Skulduggery took his hand back. "So, Skulduggery, how have you been? You're looking well. That's a really nice tie."It's blue.""And such a nice shade."Skulduggery looked at Valkyrie. "You promised me he wouldn't be annoying.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|He'd barely seen me coming, and despite the horribleness of what I'd just done, I kind of wished one of my instructors had been there to grade me on such an awesome performance.
Mark Rosen|I like stepping into the future. Therefore, I look for doorknobs.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Halt regarded him. He loved Horace like a younger brother. Even like a second son, after Will. He admired his skill with a sword and his courage in battle. But sometimes, just sometimes, he felt an overwhelming desire to ram the young warrior's head against a convenient tree."You have no sense of drama or symbolism, do you?" he asked."Huh?" replied Horace, not quite understanding. Halt looked around for a convenient tree. Luckily for Horace, there were none in sight.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|Yeah, I was thinking about taking one of those showers where you huddle in the corner fully clothed and cry," Archer offered.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|I'll drive like my grandma. I'll drive like your grandma.""You wouldn't say that if you knew my gramma.
Thea Harrison, Dragon Bound|He stared at her neck. Realization pulsed. He was looking at the bite he had given her. A hard length was growing against her hip. “So, is that your long, scaly, reptilian tail, or are you just happy to see me?” No, she did not just say that. Did she?
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|America used to live by the motto "Father Knows Best." Now we're lucky if "Father Knows He Has Children." We've become a nation of sperm donors and baby daddies.
Kiersten White, Supernaturally|Marry me. Nay, marriage will cost us precious moments together. Let us make sweet, passionate love right here. Let me bear your children.”A primal growl signaled Miss Lynn getting over her shock at being thus addressed. She lunged forward; Jack deftly rolled off the bench, jumping up out of her reach.“Goodness, I didn’t expect you to be quite this enthusiastic about my advances. If I don’t play hard to get, how will I ever know whether or not you respect me?
Brett Tate|Her lips full and inviting, she has an infectious laugh and glassy cackle in her eyes, and a 2000 volt sexual charisma that beckons me like a fluff girl on scuffed knees.
Jaye Wells, Red-Headed Stepchild|I walked to the door where Clovis waited. When I looked up, he was staring at Adam. A quick glance backward confirmed Adam was returning his stare. Freaking males, I thought, they couldn’t be more obvious about their territorial dispute if they’d both peed on me.
Rachel Vincent, Stray|You bitch!"Why is it that whenever I draw blood, I'm a bitch?
Derek Landy, Skulduggery Pleasant|He put on his hat and wrapped his scarf around his jaw, but did without the wig and the sunglasses. He clicked his key chain and the car beeped and the doors locked."That's it?"He looked up. "Sorry?""Aren't you afraid it might get stolen? We're not exactly in a good part of town.""It's got a car alarm.""Don't you, like, cast a spell or something? To keep it safe?""No. It's a pretty good car alarm.
Ally Carter, Perfect Scoundrels|And so that means...""We have to rob the Henley," Simon said.Kat sank onto a truly uncomfortable sofa. "Again.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|If it works, it will be plenty dramatic. And I suppose that if it doesn't work, it will be even more dramatic, what with the blast.""David, I think you just made a joke."He frowned, utterly perplexed. "Did I?
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|No,” he muttered, running a hand through his copper hair. “No. No. There are dozens.”“Kell?” she asked, moving to touch his arm.He shook her off. “Dozens of ships, Lila! And you had to climb aboard his.”“I’m sorry,” she shot back, bristling, “I was under the impression that I was free to do as I pleased.”“To be fair,” added Alucard, “I think she was planning to steal it and slit my throat.”“Then why didn’t you?” snarled Kell, spinning on her. “You’re always so eager to slash and stab, why couldn’t you have stabbed him?
Shannon Hale, Book of a Thousand Days|Careful with the accusations of insanity, oh my lady whose home is a tower with windows of brick, all for the sake of some skinny-ankled, laugh-prone boy of a khan.
Maureen Johnson, 13 Little Blue Envelopes|When she emerged, Keith was watching the tiny round window of the under-the-counter washing machine. "Put your clothes in for a wash," he said. "They were disgusting."Ginny always thought that the only way of getting clothes clean was by drowning them in scalding water and then whipping them around in a violent centrifugal motion that caused the entire washing machine to vibrate and the floor to shake. You beat them clean. You made them suffer. This machine used about half a cup of water and was about as violent as a toaster, plus it stopped every few minutes, as if it were exhausted from the effort of turning itself.Sluff, sluff, sluff sluff. Rest. Rest. Rest.Click.Sluff, sluff, sluff, sluff. Rest. Rest. Rest."Who thought to put a window on a washing machine?" Keith asked. "Does anyone just sit and watch their wash?"You mean, besides us?""Well," he said, "yeah. Is there any coffee?
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|I should go in alone," Valkyrie said, speaking loudly to be heard. "If we both go in, it'll look to official.""So I'll just stay out here?" Skulduggery asked. "But what'll I do? There's no one to talk to. It's boring.""You're standing on the roof of a train," Valkyrie pointed out. "If you find this boring, you really need your head examined. Just wait here. I'll do what has to be done and I'll be find out."Fine," he said, sounding grumpy. "Don't be long.
Rachel Vincent, Rogue|I laughed. It was just like Owen to make excuses for someone else’s shortcomings. Even fictional characters. Owen found my tendency to speak my mind “refreshingly honest,” and hailed Marc’s temper as “a deep protective instinct.” He said Ethan “thoroughly enjoyed life,” and that Parker “really knew how to have a good time.” According to Owen, we were all doing just fine, and all was right with the world.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|I think so,” she [Claire] said. “Just watch your back, okay?” “Nah, Michael’s got mine.” He [Shane] looked straight into her eyes.“I’ve got yours.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|I pointed to a low bowl filled with what purported to be stew, but then Noah said, “Are you goingto point, or are you going to eat?”“I just like to know what I’m putting in my mouth before I swallow.”Noah arched an eyebrow, and I wanted to crawl into a hole and die.
Joe Theismann|The word "genius" isn't applicable in football. A Genius is a guy like Norman Einstein.
Michelle Hodkin|He shrugged. “I have a stomach thing. Don’t get close.”“Well, now you’ve spoiled everything,” I said casually, working hard to fake it. “I was planning to seduce you in the broom closet.” I pointed. “Right there.”A joyless smile appeared on Jamie’s lips. “We are far too screwed-up for a goddamned lovetriangle.”That’s my Jamie.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Be careful, though.""Aren't I always?""No, I think the word for how you usually are is 'reckless.
Samuel Johnson|My congratulations to you, sir. Your manuscript is both good and original; but the part that is good is not original, and the part that is original is not good. 
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|A hundred people is rather a large handful for the four of us to take on," Malcolm pointed out. "Do you have any ideas about how we're going to handle that task?""Simple," Halt told him. "We'll surround them.
Kim Harrison, White Witch, Black Curse|I only snatched him to get your attention,” I said. “Now that I’ve got it, this is what I want.”“Damn my dame!” Al shouted, hands raised to the ceiling. “I knew it! Not another list!
Andrea Cremer, Nightshade|And you look beautiful," she added."I look like a cake.""But a beautiful cake.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|He’s not that smart.”“She’s right,” Augustus says. “It’s just that most really good-looking people are stupid, so I exceed expectations.”“Right, it’s primarily his hotness.”“It can be sort of blinding,” he said.“It actually did blind our friend Isaac.”“Terrible tragedy, that. But can I help my own deadly beauty?”“You cannot.”“It is my burden, this beautiful face.”“Not to mention your body.”“Seriously, don’t even get me started on my hot bod. You don’t want to see me naked, Dave. Seeing me naked actually took Hazel Grace’s breath away,” he said, nodding toward the oxygen tank.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|I just thought of a great theory that explains everything. When I went to that party, I was abducted by aliens. They have created a fake Earth and fake high school to study me and my reactions. This certainly explains cafeteria food.
Oprah Winfrey|Mr. Right is coming, but he's in Africa and he's walking.
Stephen Colbert|I believe that the government that governs best is a government that governs least, and by these standards we have set up a fabulous government in Iraq.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|I watch the Eruptions. Mount Dad, long dormant, now considered armed and dangerous. Mount Saint Mom, oozing lava, spitting flame. Warn the villagers to run into the sea.
Haven Kimmel, Girl Named Zippy: Growing Up Small in Mooreland, Indiana|I later discovered that in order to be a good athlete one must care intensely what is happening with a ball, even if one doesn't have possession of it. This was ultimately my failure: my inability to work up a passion for the location of balls.
Victor Borge|One afternoon, when I was four years old, my father came home, and he found me in the living room in front of a roaring fire, which made him very angry. Because we didn't have a fireplace.
Karen Marie Moning, Iced|I smack myself in the forehead. “Holy priceless collection of Etruscan snoods, they’re not moving!” I exclaim. There’s a choking noise over my head somewhere. “Etruscan snoods?” I glow quietly inside. Some accomplishments mean more than others. I am officially the Shit. Now and forever. “Dude, watch your question marks. I just pried one out of you.” “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” “Admit it, you lost your eternal fecking composure.” “You have an obsession with a delusion about how I end my sentences. What the fuck are Etruscan snoods?” “Dunno. It’s just another of Robin’s sayings. Like, ‘Holy strawberries, Batman, we’re in a jam!’ ” “Strawberries.” “Or, ‘Holy Kleenex, Batman, it was right under our nose and we blew it!’ 
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|Arthur shook his head and sat down. He looked up.“I thought you must be dead …” he said simply.“So did I for a while,” said Ford, “and then I decided I was a lemon for a couple of weeks. I kept myself amused all that time jumping in and out of a gin and tonic.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|Valkyrie walked to the back door, which hadn't been closed properly, shut it and locked it. There was now a baby in the house, after all. She couldn't take the chance that a wild animal might wander in and make off with Alice, like those dingoes in Australia. She was probably being unfair to both dingoes and Australia, but she couldn't risk it. Locked doors kept the dingoes out, and that's all there was to it, even if she didn't know what a dingo actually was. She took out her phone, searched the Internet, found a picture of a baby dingo and now she really wanted a baby dingo for a pet.
Janet Evanovich, To the Nines|My grandmother is a little Cuban woman who cooks all day and speaks Spanish. Your grandmother watches pay-per-view porn.""She used to watch the Weather Channel, but she said there wasn't enough action."-Ranger and Stephanie
Chelsea M. Cameron, My Favorite Mistake|I'm going to take a shower," I said and prepared for the comment I knew was coming. "You know what they say, conserve water and shower with a friend.
Stephen Clarke, A Year in the Merde|If they wanted their shit stirred, then stirred their shit was jolly well going to be.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|If all women revealed their age, men would have nothing to hide from each other.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Let me ask you something, in all the years that you have...undressed in front of a gentleman has he ever asked you to leave? Has he ever walked out and left? No? It's because he doesn't care! He's in a room with a naked girl, he just won the lottery. I am so tired of saying no, waking up in the morning and recalling every single thing I ate the day before, counting every calorie I consumed so I know just how much self loathing to take into the shower. I'm going for it. I have no interest in being obese, I'm just through with the guilt. So this is what I'm going to do, I'm going to finish this pizza, and then we are going to go watch the soccer game, and tomorrow we are going to go on a little date and buy ourselves some bigger jeans.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|We’ve all got weaknesses. Me, for instance. I’m tragically funny and good-looking.
Marissa Meyer, Cinder|The queen's eyes smouldered. "I know my own kind when I see them, and right now there is one in these city walls." She pointed a finger toward the balcony."I want her found and brought to me.""Right," said Kai,"that'll be no problem in a city of two and a half million people. Let me just go dig out my special Lunar detector, and I'll get right on that.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Will sat where he was, gazing at the silver bowl in front of him; a white rose was floating in it, and he seemed prepared to stare at it until it went under. In the Kitchen Bridget was still singing one of her awful sad songs; the lyrics drifted in through the door: "Twas on an evening fair I went to take the air, I heard a maid making her moan; Said, 'Saw ye my father? Or ye my mother? Or saw ye my brother John? Or saw ye the lad that I love best, And his name it is Sweet William?" I may murder her, Tessa thought. Let her make a song about that.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|When I was alive, I mean the first time, Mussolini was in charge. We were at war.”“Mussolini?” Leo frowned. “Wasn’t he like BFFs with Hitler?
Kylie Scott, Play|Stick your dick in’?” I asked, my brows probably touching. “Did you actually just say that?” “Make love. I meant make love … of course. I would never just stick my dick in you. I would make mad, passionate love to this sweet, sweet body of yours for days, no, weeks. It would be beautiful, pumpkin. There’d be little angels, and birdies, and you know … all just hanging around, watching. Perverts.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|So,” sneered Fudge, recovering himself, “you intend to take on Dawlish, Shacklebolt, Dolores, and myself single-handed, do you, Dumbledore?”“Merlin’s beard, no,” said Dumbledore, smiling. “Not unless you are foolish enough to force me to.”“He will not be single-handed!” said Professor McGonagall loudly, plunging her hand inside her robes.“Oh yes he will, Minerva!” said Dumbledore sharply. “Hogwarts needs you!
Beth Revis, A Million Suns|But Amy," Elder says. "Space suits!
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|I'm way hot," he muttered. "But I don't feel sick. Just — way hot."Fang
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|After climbing off his bike, I smacked his shoulder. “Did you forget I was with you? Are you trying to get me killed?”“It’s hard to forget you’re behind me when your thighs are squeezing the life out of me.” A smirk came with his next thought. “I couldn’t think of a better way to die, actually.”“There is something very wrong with you.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously, Dude, Don't Touch It|SHUT UP. Both of you. You're coming with me." To me he said, "Put some pant
Brandon Mull|He would have shaved the centaurs, dipped them in honey, covered them with feathers, and hung them up like a bunch of pinatas. I'm just saying." - Warren
Jon Stewart|Yesterday, the president met with a group he calls the coalition of the willing. Or, as the rest of the world calls them, Britain and Spain
Chris Owen, Bareback|Jake wasn't about to be seduced like some schoolgirl. Not by a man who went by the unlikely name of Tornado, not by anyone. He stood as firmly as he could in the mud and tore his mouth from the kiss, staring into too dark eyes. As his hands made their way into Tor's wet jeans he said, "This doesn't mean I like you, you know.
James Howe, Totally Joe|I hated that the soldier doll had my name. I mean, please. I didn't play with him much. He was another Christmas present from my clueless grandparents. One time when they were visiting, my grandpa asked me if G.I. Joe had been in any wars lately. I said, "No, but he and Ken got married last week." Every Christmas since then, my grandparents have sent me a check.
Karen Marie Moning, Kiss of the Highlander|His heavy-lidded gaze reflected a languor that had nothing to do with having just awakened, and there was no doubt what was on his mind. But this is no safe cherry picker, Gwen thought, growing more concerned by the moment.This man looks like a cherry tree chopper-downer.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|He bombarded me with words, of all things, apparently clueless to the fact that the predawn hours rendered me incapable of coherent thought.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|Girls, on the other hand, have always come easy. I don't know why that is, exactly. Maybe it's the outsider vibe and a well-placed brooding look. Maybe it's something I think I see sometimes in the mirror, something that reminds me of my father. Or maybe I'm just damn easy on the eyes.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|It's always been this way. There were rumors about me even before I was born. It's why my mother never calls me Sobachka. She says it makes me sound like a mongrel."My heart gave a little pang at that. I'd been called plenty of names growing up."I like mongrels," I said. "They have cute floppy ears.""My ears are very dignified.
James Patterson, The Angel Experiment|Iggy. This is not a democracy," I said,(...)"It'sa Maxocracy.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|You know how I think they choose people for Gryffindor team?" said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for now reason at all. "It's people they feel sorry for. See, there's Potter, who's got no parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've got no money - you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no brains.
Lisa McMann, Wake|...she's leaving now....Janis attacks the back door of the school gym and finds herself in a heavy cloud of smoke. She realizes she's found the Goths' hangout. Who knew?"Oof," someone says. She keeps walking, muttering, "sorry" to whomever it was she hit with the flying door.***Cabel: ... That was the Goth stage where I decided I'd never get the girl of my dreams because of my scars. Not to mention the hairstyle.(pause)But then she slammed a door handle into my gut. And, when a girl does that to a boy, it means she likes him.
Shay Savage, Transcendence|Elizabeth."I feel my smile on my face as I understand what she is doing. Though it's a strange one, she has a name-sound just like I do, and she's telling me what it is. I try to make the same sounds."Ehh..beh." I frown. Why is her name-sound so difficult and so long?She frowns right back at me and says it again. "Elizabeth.""Beh-tah-babaa."She sighs and her forehead wrinkles. "Elizabeth. Eeee-lizzzz-ahh-beth.""Laahh...baaay."She taps her chest again."Beth!"The sound is shorter but still very odd."Beh-bet.""Beth," she repeats.I've had enough. I reach out and touch her should."Beh.""Beth." I tap her a little harder and growl."Beh", I repeat. I tap her again. "BEH!"Her eyes widen a bit, and she inhales sharply. A moment later, her shoulders drop and she sighs."Beh," she says quietly.
Holly Smale, Model Misfit|1. You left a multipack of Mars Bars on top of your wardrobe. Can I have one? Dad x2. I had three. Hope that's OK. Dad x3. I'm just going to have one more. Dad x4. Harriet, your Dad's made himself sick on an entire multipack of Mars Bars again. Please don't leave sweets where we can find them. A x
Galileo Galilei|The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|Dee loves it here. Before you came, she spent most of her days here."To Daemon, my arrival was the beginning of the end. The apocalypse. Kat-mageddon. "You know, I'm not going to get your sister in trouble.""We'll see.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|So hologram means--" I finally said."It means non-corporeal, yeah. Which sucks seeing as how there are a lot of very corporeal things I'd like to do with you right now.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|And when demigods use cell phones, the signals agitate every monster within a hundred miles. It's like sending up a flare: Here I am! Please rearrange my face!
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Yes, I'm back," he said, "And look who I ran into."Horace grinned at him. "i hope you ran into him hard.""As hard as I could.
Ilona Andrews, On the Edge|She handed him a glass of water and two Aleve gelcaps. “They’re anti-inflammatories. They will dull the pain a little bit and keep down swelling and redness. Swallow the pills, don’t chew.”“Well, I thought I’d stick them into my nose and impersonate a walrus, but if you insist, I’ll swallow them.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|Somehow, Sydney had an internal clock that told her when time was up. I think it was part of her inherent ability to keep track of a hundred things at once. Not me. In these moments, my thoughts were usually focused on getting her shirt off and whether I’d get past the bra this time. So far, I hadn’t.
Cassandra Clare|There was a small wooden gazebo built out over the water; Isabelle was sitting in it, staring out across the lake. She looked like a princess in a fairy tale, waiting at the top of her tower for someone to ride up and rescue her. Not that traditional princess behavior was like Isabelle at all. Isabelle with her whip and boots and knives would chop anyone who tried to pen her up in a tower into pieces, build a bridge out of the remains, and walk carelessly to freedom, her hair looking fabulous the entire time.
Andy Weir, The Martian|Log Entry: SOL 118My conversation with NASA about the Water Reclaimer was boring and riddled with technical details. So I'll paraphrase for you:Me: "This is obviously a clog. How about I take it apart and check the internal tubing?"NASA: (After about 5 hours of deliberation) "No. You'll fuck it up and die."So I took it apart.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Friends are like bras, attached near your heart for support. Foes are like panties, deported, every now and then, when they get dirty.
Natsuki Takaya|Hatsuharu Sohma: [after tripping Kyo] If I hadn't had tripped you, you wouldn't have stopped now would you.[addressing the audience]Hatsuharu Sohma: By the way what I just did was very dangerous. And if it had been anyone but Kyo they probably would have been hurt pretty badly, so don't try it at home.Kyo Sohma: Don't try it here and who are you even talking to? 
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|She was the most wonderful woman for prowling about the house. How she got from one story to another was a mystery beyond solution. A lady so decorous in herself, and so highly connected, was not to be suspected of dropping over the banisters or sliding down them, yet her extraordinary facility of locomotion suggested the wild idea.
Jessica Verday, The Hollow|I felt my cheeks turn red, and she laughed out loud. But I didn't mind too much, because the last thing she saw was my middle finger aimed in her direction as I stepped outside
Marissa Meyer, Winter|You mean she doesn’t intend to blow me up before the ceremony?” said Kai, taking the box. “How disappointing.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|Look at him,” she said, shaking her head. “Travis Maddox: Mr. Mom.
Haven Kimmel, Girl Named Zippy: Growing Up Small in Mooreland, Indiana|That cat doesn't have a lick of sense,' I said, sighing.Well, honey, he's not right in the head,' Dad said, flipping his cigarette into the front yard.I glared at him. 'And just what do you mean by that?'Dad counted on his fingers. 'He's cross-eyed; he jumps out of trees after birds and then doesn't land on his feet; he sleeps with his head smashed up against the wall, and the tip of his tail is crooked.'Oh yeah? Well, how about this: he once got locked in a basement by evil Petey Scroggs in the middle of January and survived on snow and little frozen mice. When I'm cold at night he sleeps right on my face. Of that whole litter of kittens he came out of he's the only one left. One of his brothers didn't even have a butthole.'I stand corrected. PeeDink is a survivor.
Janet Evanovich, To the Nines|Do you see that man in the black Porsche?" I asked the women.They squinted out at Ranger. "Yes," they said."Your partner.""He's homeless. He's looking for a place to stay and he might be interested in renting Singh's room."Mrs.Apusenja's eyes widened. "We could use the income."She looked at Nonnie and then back at Ranger. "Is he married?""Nope. He's single. He's a real catch."Connie did something between a gasp and a snort and buried her head back behind the computer. "Thank you for everything." Mrs.Apusenja said. "I suppose you are not such a bad slut. I will go talk to your partner.:"Omigod," Connie said, when the door closed behind the Apusenja's. "Ranger's going to kill you." The Apusenjas stood beside the Porsche, talkig to Ranger for a few long minutes, giving him the big sales pitch. The pitch wound down, Ranger responded, and Mrs. Apusenja looked disappointed. The two women crossed the road and got into the burgundy Escort and quickly drove away. Ranger turned his head in my direction and our eyes met. His expression was still bemused, but this time it was the sort of bemused expression a kid has when he's pulling the wings off a fly."Uh-Oh,"Connie said. I whipped around and faced Connie. "Quick, give me an FTA. You're backed up, right? For God's sake, give me something fast. I need a reason to stand here until he calms down!" Connie shoved a pile of folders at me. "Pick one. Any one! Oh shit, he's getting out of his car."....He leaned into me and his lips brushed the shell of my ear. "Feeling playful?""I don't know what you're talking about.""Watch your back babe. I will get even."-Ranger and Stephanie
Rachel Vincent, Rogue|Marc’s hand tightened visibly around Kevin’s fingers, his digits going white. Again. Both men clenched their jaws, Kevin in pain, and Marc in an obvious effort to control his temper and keep from breaking Kevin’s hand. Off. Why couldn’t guys find a more original way to test each other’s manly prowess? Arm wrestling might have been more subtle. Or maybe comparing the length of their…canines.
Scott Lynch, Red Seas Under Red Skies|Jean grinned down at her, and she handed him something in a small silk bag.'What's this?''Lock of my hair, ' she said. 'Meant to give it to you days ago, but we got busy with all the raiding. You know. Piracy. Hectic life. ''Thank you, love, ' he said.'Now, if you find yourself in trouble wherever you go, you can hold up that little bag to whoever's bothering you, and you can say, "You have no idea who you're fucking with. I'm under the protection of the lady who gave me this object of her favour. "''And that's supposed to make them stop?''Shit no, that's just to confuse them. Then you kill them while they're standing there looking at you funny.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Her name badge read: Hello! My name is DIE, DEMIGOD SCUM!
Zoë Marriott, The Swan Kingdom|To ugly ducklings everywhere,Don't worry about those fluffy yellow morons:They'll never get to be swans
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Isn't that someone we know?" asked Horace. He pointed to where a cloaked figure sat by the side of the road a few hundred meters away, arms wrapped around his knees. Close by him, a small shaggy horse cropped the grass growing at the edge of the drainage ditch that ran beside the road."So it is," Halt replied. "And he seems to have brought Will with him.
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|I'm healthy as an ox. And you?" "To compare myself with a bovine would be both ridiculous and insulting, but I'm fit as ever, if that is what you are asking.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|Are you okay with what we ordered?” Angeline asked him. “You didn’t pipe up with any requests.” Neil shook his head, face stoic. He kept his dark hair in a painfully short and efficient haircut. It was the kind of no-nonsense thing the Alchemists would’ve loved. “I can’t waste time quibbling over trivial things like pepperoni and mushrooms. If you’d gone to my school in Devonshire, you’d understand. For one of my sophomore classes, they left us alone on the moors to fend for ourselves and learn survival skills. Spend three days eating twigs and heather, and you’ll learn not to argue about any food coming your way.” Angeline and Jill cooed as though that was the most rugged, manly thing they’d ever heard. Eddie wore an expression that reflected what I felt, puzzling over whether this guy was as serious as he seemed or just some genius with swoon-worthy lines.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Bloody Bones|There had to be a circle of Hell where you were eternally fourteen, eternally in junior high. One of the lower circles.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|I am not forgotten, you know, no, I still receive a very great deal of fan
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|You've brushed your teeth," He says, staring at me."I used your toothbrush."His lips quirk up in a half smile. "Oh Anastasia Steele, what am I going to do with you?
Patricia Briggs, Moon Called|Don’t lick the guests, darling. Bad manners.
Rick Riordan, The Hammer of Thor|Otis," I said."Shhh," he said. "I'm incognito. Call me...Otis.""I'm not sure that's how incognito works, but okay."Otis, aka Otis climbed into the chair I'd reserved for Sam.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|Cat, hmmm? From where I sit you look more like a Kitten."My head jerked around and I shot him an annoyed look. Oh, I was going to enjoy this, all right. "It's Cat," I repeated firmly. "Cat Raven.""Whatever you say, Kitten Tweedy.
Deb Caletti, The Six Rules of Maybe|What is it about hairdressers? You tell them 'not too short' and some part of their hairdresser brain hears this as 'whack the shit out of it.' If you never say, 'not too short,' everything is fine. You say it, & it's a guarantee you'll come out ready for the military>
Scott Douglas, Quiet, Please: Dispatches From A Public Librarian|There was the smell of old books, a smell that has a way of making all libraries seem the same. Some say that smell is asbestos. 
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|I'll get them out and come back. I promise.""On your word as a cutthroat and a pirate?"He touched my cheek once, briefly. "Privateer."Another explosion rocked the grounds."Let's go!" shouted Mal.As we sprinted into the tunnel, I glanced back and saw Nikolai silhouetted against the purple twilight. I wondered if I'd ever see him again.
Stephen King|I am, he thought dimly, watching a vampire take a piss.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|You all right, man?' This should be my name. I could be like a super hero: You All Right Man. Ah...' I stumble.Don't bug Craig,' Ronny is like. 'He's in the Craig zone. He's Craig-ing out.
Sarah Brianne, Nero|Hey, babe, can I sit here?” Elle turned her head and saw Nero standing there, holding a tray.　　Did he just really ask that, and did he just really call me ‘babe’?　　“Are you serious? Sit here?” Elle pointed to the chair beside her.　　“Yes, I was talking directly to you, wasn’t I?” Nero was definitely a smartass.　　“No, you clearly weren’t because my name isn’t ‘babe’. I bet you don’t even know my name. So, no, you cannot sit here, Nero.
A.J. Jacobs, The Guinea Pig Diaries: My Life as an Experiment|Plus, in one of his e-mails, the guy said he didn't like pancakes. What kind of asshole doesn't like pancakes? 
John Green, Paper Towns|pg. 231-232: They'd given me a minivan. They could have picked any car and they picked a minivan. A minivan. O God of the Vehicular Justice, why dost thou mock me? Minivan, you albatross around my neck! You mark of Cain! You wretched beast high ceilings and few horsepower!
George Harrison|what would you call this haircut?"arthur.
P.G. Wodehouse|This was not Aunt Dahlia, my good and kindly aunt, but my Aunt Agatha, the one who chews broken bottles and kills rats with her teeth.
Erin McCarthy, Hot Finish|Did I ever tell you the difference between a Northern fairy tale and a Southern one?" she asked him, indulging herself and letting her head rest on his shoulder. God, he felt good. Her man. Where her head was meant to lie, right there, on him. "What's the difference?""A Northern one starts 'once upon a time,' while a Southern one starts 'y'all ain't going to believe this shit.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|And she says, “Then let’s just take the effing road and get ourselves to Hav
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Would you have done that in his place? Would you have left him and gone on?""Of course I would!" Halt replied immediately. But something in his voice rang false and Horse looked at him, raising one eyebrow. He'd waited a long time for an opportunity to use that expression of disbelief on Halt.After a pause, the Ranger's anger subsided."All right. Perhaps I wouldn't," he admitted. Then he glared at Horace. "And stop raising that eyebrow on me. You can't even do it properly. Your other eyebrow moves with it!
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|Boy, you knock on the devil's door and he will head slam you through the wall.
Julia Quinn, To Catch an Heiress|Caroline, do you value your neck?""Yes, I'm rather fond of it. Why?""Because if you don't shut up, I'm going to wring it.
Demetri Martin|Sort of' is such a harmless thing to say... sort of. It's just a filler. Sort of... it doesn't really mean anything. But after certain things, sort of means everything. Like... after "I love you"... or "You're going to live"... or "It's a boy!
Gordon Korman, One False Note|He watched in awe as she stacked up an enormous armload of music. "There," she finished, slapping Frank Zappa's Greatest Hits on top of the pile. "That should do for a start." "You are a music lover," said the wide-eyed cashier. "No, I'm a kleptomaniac." And she dashed out the door. He was so utterly shocked that it took him a moment to run after her. With a meaningful nod in the direction of the astounded Cahills, she barreled down the cobblestone street with her load. "Fermati!" shouted the cashier, scrambling in breathless pursuit. Nellie let a few CDs drop and watched with satisfaction over her shoulder as the clerk stopped to pick them up. The trick would be to keep the chase going just long enough for Amy and Dan to search Disco Volante. Yikes, she reflected suddenly, I'm starting to think like a Cahill.... And if she was nuts enough to hang around this family, it was only going to get worse.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Secret|CPR dummy looked like him and had clearly been stabbed. Repeatedly. In the groin. He thought she might have used the dummy for target practice, and tried not to be offended. Key word: tried.
Maureen Johnson, Suite Scarlett|Every time you try to flirt with her, a puppy dies.
Rachel Caine, Last Breath|No,” Shane said. “I’m not leaving you two here alone. We stick together.”“I’m still not kissing you,” Michael said.“Tease.
Thea Harrison, Dragon Bound|I’m busy, you’re busy, everybody’s busy. I’ve got a lot I want to say to you, though.” “All right,” Pia told her. “Hit me with it.” “First, I’m so sorry about what my uncle Urien did to you guys. I hate him, he killed my family, and we’re going to cut off his head, and then I have to be Queen, but before that happens let’s do lunch, okay?
Stephen King, Full Dark, No Stars|All right I think we've been down here in the dark long enough. There's a whole other world upstairs. Take my hand, Constant Reader, and I'll be happy to lead you back into the sunshine. I'm happy to go there because I believe most people are essentially good. I know that I am. It's you I'm not entirely sure of.
Joss Whedon|I also don't trust Caribou anymore. They're out there, on the tundra, waiting... Something's going down. I'm right about this.
Leslie Nielsen|Who are you and how did you get in here?" "I'm a locksmith. And, I'm a locksmith.
John Green, Paper Towns|You were with Margo Roth Spiegelman last night? At THREE A.M.? I nodded. Alone? I nodded. Oh my God, if you hooked up with her, you have to tell me every single thing that happened. You have to write me a term paper on the look and feel of Margo Roth Spiegelman's breasts. Thrity pages, minimum! I want you to do a photo-realistic pencil drawing. A sculpture would also be acceptable. I was wondering if it would be possible for you to write a sestina about Margo Roth Spiegelman's breasts? Your six words are: pink, round, firmness, succulent, supple, and pillowy. Personally, I think at least one of the words should be buhbuhbuhbuh.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|The problem with our society is that our values aren’t in the right place. There’s an awful lot of bleeding and naked bodies on prime-time networks, but not nearly enough cable television on public programming.
Kelly Creagh, Nevermore|Isobel moved farther into the kitchen, not knowing whether to be relieved that her mother hadn't had an atomic meltdown, or mortified that she'd taken it upon herself to play head chef with the nearest thing Trenton High had to a Dark Lord.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Yeah, well. I don’t try to be awesome. It just comes natural.
Kresley Cole, Lothaire|When she absently worried her bottom lip with one of her adorable little fangs, he s
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|Right. So no plans at all then?"Jenna frowned. "Other than rocking in the fetal position for a while?""Yeah, I was thinking about taking one of those showers where you huddle in the corner fully clothed and cry," Archer offered.
Molly Harper, How to Flirt with a Naked Werewolf|Well, that cinched it. He was an asshole. I was definitely going to end up sleeping with him.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Maybe we should have gone with him," he said, a few minutes after his friend was lost to sight."Three of us would make four times the noise he will," Halt said.Horace frowned, not quite understanding the equation. "Wouldn't three of us make three times the noise?"Halt shook his head. "Will and Tug will make hardly any noise. Neither will Abelard and I. But as for you and that moving earthquake you call a horse..." He gestured at Kicker and left the rest unsaid.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma|Now listen, we need to be quiet as mice. No, quieter than that. As quiet as . . . as . . .” “Dead mice?” Reynie suggested. “Perfect,” said Kate with an approving nod. “As quiet as dead mice.
Kim Harrison, Black Magic Sanction|Uh... ," Ivy stammered, and I glanced up to see her eyes wide in consideration."I'm kidding," I said. "It passed the lethal-amulet test, remember?""Not that. You keep it in your underwear drawer?"I hesitated, wondering why I was embarrassed. "Well, where do you put your elven magic?" I asked.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|I decided early in graduate school that I needed to do something about my moods. It quickly came down to a choice between seeing a psychiatrist or buying a horse. Since almost everyone I knew was seeing a psychiatrist, and since I had an absolute belief that I should be able to handle my own problems, I naturally bought a horse.
Lloyd Alexander, Westmark|-"He loved her...It was noble of him. It was beautiful."-"It was stupid.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|It's rude to stare, but the great thing about staring at a sedated person is that they don't know you're doing it.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Well, well, well,” Santa said once the elf had retreated. “Come and sit on my lap, little boy.”This Santa’s beard was real, and so was his hair. He wasn’t fucking around.“I’m not really a little boy,” I pointed out.“Get on my lap, then, big boy.”I walked up to him. There wasn’t much lap under his belly. And even though he tried to disguise it, as I went up there, I swear he adjustedhis crotch.“Ho ho ho!” he chortled.I sat gingerly on his knee, like it was a subway seat with gum on it.“Have you been a good little boy this year?” he asked.I didn’t feel that I was the right person to determine my own goodness or badness, but in the interest of speeding along this encounter, I said yes.He actually wobbled with joy.“Good! Good! Then what can I bring you this Christmas?”I thought it was obvious.“A message from Lily,” I said. “That’s what I want for Christmas. But I want it right now.”“So impatient!” Santa lowered his voice and whispered in my ear. “But Santa does have a little something for you”—he shifted a little inhis seat—“right under his coat. If you want to have your present, you’ll have to rub Santa’s belly.”“What?” I asked.He gestured with his eyes down to his stomach. “Go ahead.”I looked closely and saw the faint outline of an envelope beneath his red velvet coat.“You know you want it,” he whispered.The only way I could survive this was to think of it as the dare it was.Fuck off, Lily. You can’t intimidate me.I reached right under Santa’s coat. To my horror, I found he wasn’t wearing anything underneath. It was hot, sweaty, Geshy, hairy … andhis belly was this massive obstacle, blocking me from the envelope. I had to lean over to angle my arm in order to reach it, the whole timehaving Santa laugh, “Oh ho ho, ho ho oh ho!” in my ear. I heard the elf scream, “What the hell!” and various parents start to shriek. Yes, I was feeling up Santa. And now the corner of the envelope was in my hand. He tried to jiggle it away from me, but I held tight and yanked itout, pulling some of his white belly hair with me. “OW ho ho!” he cried. I jumped o1 his lap. “Security’s here!” the elf proclaimed.The letter was in my hand, damp but intact.“He touched Santa!” a young child squealed.
John Green, Paper Towns|Was it animal pee or human pee? Someone asked.How would I know? What, am I an expert in the study of pee?
Richelle Mead, Blood Promise|Stick." I said in Russian. I had no clue what the word for stake was. I pointed at the silver ring I wore and made a slashing motion. "Stick. where?" He stared at me in utter confusion and then asked in perfect English, "why are you talking like that?
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Wait for You|Don't you want to know what cookies is a code word for?" "No! Good God, no!
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|He watched me rake my fingers through the tangles in my hair and smiled. “Quit it. You’re fucking beautiful.”“Just point me to the nearest eighties rock video,” I said.
Patricia Briggs, Iron Kissed|He stepped back with exaggerated courtesy. But when I walked past him, he swatted my rump. Hard enough to sting.“You need to be more careful,” he growled. “Keep interfering in my business and you might get hurt.”I said sweetly as I continued to Jesse's room, “The last man who swatted me like that is rotting in his grave.”“I have no doubt about it.” His voice was more satisfied then contrite.
Chris Wooding, Poison|Poison." he said, deadpan. "That's an unusual name to give your child. You must love her very much."She's a treasure." Bram agreed, blithely ignoing the sarcasm.....Then went a few dozen feet in silence, until they were out of eaarshor of the gaurd.She's a treasure." Poison mimicked, and Bram burst out laughing.
Karl Pilkington, An Idiot Abroad: The Travel Diaries of Karl Pilkington|I know who I am. Bloody hell, I'm getting enough bills for Karl Pilkington so I hope I am him, 'cos if I'm not, I have no idea who I'm paying for.
Dave Chappelle|The girl says "Oh uh-uh, wait a minute! Wait a minute! Just because I'm dressed this way does not make me a whore!" Which is true, Gentlemen, that is true. Just because they dress a certain way doesn't mean they are a certain way. Don't even forget it. But ladies, you must understand that is fucking confusing. It just is. Now that would be like me, Dave Chappelle, the comedian, walking down the street in a cop uniform. Somebody might run up on me saying, "Oh, thank God. Officer, help us! Come on. They're over here. Help us!" "Oh-hoh! Just because I'm dressed this way does not make me a police officer!" See what I mean? All right, ladies, fine. You are not a whore. But you are wearing a whore's uniform.
Michael J. Sullivan, Percepliquis|Royce looked back down at the stream below. "She doesn't even know me. What if she doesn't like me? Few people do.""She might not at first. Maribor knows I didn't. But you have a way of growing on a person." He smiled. "You know, like lichen or mold.
Bill Maher|To most Christians, the Bible is like a software license. Nobody actually reads it. They just scroll to the bottom and click 'I agree'.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|When nobody practices what they strongly believe in, that day will be a triumph of prudence.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|The dark prince sat astride his black steed, his sable cape flowing behind him. A golden circlet bound his blond locks, his handsome face was cold with the rage of battle, and..."And his arm looked like an eggplant," Clary muttered to herself in exasperation.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|Gundar seemed to come to a decision. "Well, as my old mam used to say, if it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck and walks like a duck, it's probably a duck." "Very wise," Halt said. "And what exactly do your mother's words of wisdom have to do with this situation?" Gundar shrugged. "It looks like a channel. It's the right place for a channel. If I were digging one, this is where I'd dig a channel. So. . ." "So it's probably the channel?" Selethen said. Gundar grinned at him. "Either that or it's a duck.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Scrawny? Baby, I invented scrawny. Scrawny is the new sizzling hot.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Killing Dance|You can't kill us all, human.' He was right. I raised the machine gun a little. 'True, but who's going to be first in line?
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|I brought you some coffee.” he held out the cup but she waved it away.“I hate that stuff. It tastes like feet.”At that he smiled. “How would you know what feet taste like?”“I just know.”-Luke and Clary, pg.209-
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opal|I shot him a look. "That bouncer was really big."His lips quirked. "Oh, Kitten, see, I try not to say bad things.""What?"The grin spread. "I would say size doesn't matter but it does. I would know." he winked, and I let out a disgusted groan. He laughed.
Rachel Caine, Fade Out|Claire found herself staring at his feet, which were in bunny slippers. Myrnin looked down. "What?" he asked. "They're quite comfortable." He lifted on to look at it, and the ears wobbled in the air. "Of course they are," she said. Just when she thought Myrnin was getting his mental act together, he'd do something like that. Or maybe he was just messing with her. He liked to do that, and his dark eyes were fixed on her now, assessing just how weirded-out she was.  Which, on the grade scale of zero to Myrnin, wasn't much.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Boomer took bites of all six varieties, contemplating each one and "guring out the order in which he would then eat them. “I like thebrown one and the lighter brown one and the almost-brown one. I’m not so sure about the minty one. But really, I think the lebkuchen spiceone is the best.”“The what?”“The lebkuchen spice one.” He held it up for me. “This one.”“You’re making that up. What’s a lebkuchen spice? It sounds like a cross between a Keebler elf and a stripper. Hello, my name eesLebkuchen Spice, and I vant to show you my cooooookies...”“Don’t be rude!” Boomer protested. As if the cookie might be offended.
Derek Landy, The Maleficent Seven: From the World of Skulduggery Pleasant|Ladies and gentleman," he said over the speakers, "welcome aboard this recently liberated Gulfstream V. If I could have your attention for just a few moments, I'd like to go over the safety features of this aircraft. It has an engine, to make us go, and wings, to keep us in the air. There are seatbelts, which won't do you an awful lot of good if we fly into the side of a mountain.
Jennifer Estep, Web of Lies|This is an Aston Martin, Gin.You don't run over dead bodies in an Aston Matin.""Tell that to James Bond
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Look, why don't you go talk to Ron about all this?" Harry asked."Well, I would, but he's always asleep when I go and see him!" said Lavender fretfully."Is he?" said Harry, surprised, for he had found Ron perfectly alert every time he had been up to the hospital wing.
Kerstin Gier, Emerald Green|Did you know that Gideon and I were trained in Krav Maga?" Charlotte took another step closer to me, and I automatically took one back."No, but did /you/ know that at this moment you look like that crazy rodent in Ice Age?
Mark Twain|By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity – another man’s, I mean.
Ronda Thompson, Confessions of a Werewolf Supermodel|CONFESSION NO. 1 Most women find the bloating, cramping, and bitchiness of PMS bothersome at worst. I turn into a monster a week before my period…literally.
Rachel Vincent, Rogue|Behind me, Marc made a soft whistling sound, clearly impressed. “That’s not standard procedure,” he said, his tone entirely too reasonable as he leaned over the stray’s body to open the back passenger-side door. “Yeah, well, I’m not your standard enforcer.
Mark Jeffrey|. . . and together you're what, the Super Friends?
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|Oh," she said, in a very different way. "Well. Thanks for my part in the compliment. Naturally I'd love to be watched and controlled, but I think I may be washing my hair that day.
