Randall Styers, Making Magic: Religion, Magic, and Science in the Modern World|while "freedom" from magic is certainly invoked as a constitutive element of modern modes of subjectivity, this freedom is purchased only at the price of potent new forms of social control and regimenta
Randall Styers, Making Magic: Religion, Magic, and Science in the Modern World|Social power is at stake in theory-making, but the workings of this power are often unacknowledged -- and overdeter
Iain M. Banks|A temple was worth a dozen barracks; a militia man carrying a gun could control a small unarmed crowd only for as long as he was present; however, a single priest could put a policeman inside the head of every one of their flock, for ever.
S. Cisneros|My mother says when I get older my dusty hair will settle and my blouse will learn to stay clean, but I have decided not to grow up tame like the others who lay their necks on the threshold waiting for the ball and chain.In the movies there is always one with red lips who is beautiful and cruel. She is the one who drives the men crazy and laughs them all away. Her power is her own. She will not give it away. I have begun my own quiet war. Simple. Sure. I am the one who leaves the table like a man, without putting back the chair or picking up the plate.
S. Cisneros|My mother says when I get older my dusty hair will settle and my blouse will learn to stay clean, but I have decided not to grow up tame like the others who lay their necks on the threshold waiting for the ball and chain.In the movies there is always one with red lips who is beautiful and cruel. She is the one who drives the men crazy and laughs them all the away. He power is her own. She will not give it away. I have begun my own quiet war. Simple. Sure. I am the one who leaves the table like a man, without putting back the chair or picking up the plate.
Erik Pevernagie|Power and glory are two dialectic energies working in common ground. Taking a glimpse of the meandering under swell of glory in the shade of power, can be very inspiring and illuminating. ("The power and the glory" )
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|Our greatest power as nations and individuals is not the ability to employ assault weapons, suicide bombers, and drones to destroy each other. The greater more creative powers with which we may arm ourselves are grace and compassion sufficient enough to love and save each other.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|In order to escape accountability for his crimes, the perpetrator does everything in his power to promote forgetting. Secrecy and silence are the perpetrator’s first line of defense. If secrecy fails, the perpetrator attacks the credibility of his victim. If he cannot silence her absolutely, he tries to make sure that no one listens. To this end, he marshals an impressive array of arguments, from the most blatant denial to the most sophisticated and elegant rationalization. After every atrocity one can expect to hear the same predictable apologies: it never happened; the victim lies; the victim exaggerates; the victim brought it upon herself; and in any case it is time to forget the past and move on. The more powerful the perpetrator, the greater is his prerogative to name and define reality, and the more completely his arguments prevail.
Philip K. Dick, Philip K. Dick: The Last Interview and Other Conversations|The greatest power one human being can exert over others is to control their perceptions of reality, and infringe on the integrity and individuality of their world. This is done in politics, in psychotherapy.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|Power is confusing for us, perhaps even terrifying, because our relationship with it had an unfortunate beginning. Someone in a position of power over us used and abused us…It seems as if power were something to be wielded, always at someone’s expense, usually our own.
Shannon Hale, The Unfairest of Them All|You don't need luck. You are powerful, clever, and fearless.
J. California Cooper, Some Soul to Keep|Superior, do you understand me? These are white people. They are not like you, or me or us. They have the power to hurt you ... and sometimes it's fun to them when they do. Their power is not because they are smart ... it's because ... something happened sometime ... started somewhere and they got on top of the world. They got the power. The only power you got is to learn to live with them, learn to read their minds ... til you can do better. They don't treat each other right ... so don't you look to be treated right. You hear me? Sometimes there's good white people ... but don't you act like that til you know that.
Aayush Jain|Those who think, Present.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|When we first begin to take power more directly, after long having kept our relationship to it underground...it is natural that we experience anxiety, even guilt, at putting ourselves first. These feeling let us know we are taking action; they do not need to stop us.
Aditya Ajmera|WAKE UP NOW...You will become a history one day...Even if you are most important, most powerful, most wanted or most influential individual on the planet. THAT’S IT!
Robin Hobb, Fool's Quest|What is a secret? It is much more than knowledge shared with only a few, or perhaps only one another. It is power. It is a bond. It is a sign of deep trust, or the darkest threat possible.... Be very chary of revealing your hoarded secrets. Many lose all power once they have been divulged. Be even more careful of sharing your secrets lest you find yourself a puppet dancing on someone else's strings.
Charlie Close, Before the Ripcord Broke: Stories|If I have a spreadsheet that can, whatever, turn soup cans into gold, wouldn't I deserve an office?
Merle Shain, When Lovers Are Friends|Power breeds resentment and withers the slow-growing plant that is trust, and people who use it to capture others not only fail to make friends but often end up captives themselves. And perhaps what is sadder still is that when you control other people you take away all that there might be in a real encounter with them and replace it with your fears. And while you might get gratitude for a while, or guilt and tears, you won't get what they had to offer if you'd let them give you what was really in their hearts.
Tim Parks, Where I'm Reading From: The Changing World of Books|In any power game, it seems, the dominant party is the least likely to be aware of what is going on.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Think about rethinking what you're thinking, before speaking the thought you were thinking, and cause unintended consequences for speaking what you probably shouldn't have been thinking.
Mariel Hemingway, Invisible Girl|Babies have the power to make grumpy people happy because they love you no matter what. Dogs are that way, too.
Hilary Mantel|A man's power is in the half-light, in the half-seen movements of his hand and the unguessed-at expression of his face. It is the absence of facts that frightens people: the gap you open, into which they pour their fears, fantasies, desires.
Marie Lu, The Rose Society|I have spent my entire life thinking of the Inquisitors as things, soulless creatures. But they are just men. Men can be swayed, and I have the power to do it.
Amy Lee Peine|So often our power lies not in ourselves, but in how we help others find their own strength.
Lindsey Rietzsch, The Happy Lady|Having a positive attitude gives you power. This isn't the same kind of power that dictators and warlords seek after, but rather a spiritual power. It's a power that comes to us from God.
Nawal El-Saadawi, Woman at Point Zero|I discovered that all these rulers were men. What they had in common was an avaricious and distorted personality, a never-ending appetite for money, sex and unlimited power. They were men who sowed corruption on the earth, and plundered their peoples, men endowed with loud voices, a capacity for persuasion, for choosing sweet words and shooting poisoned arrows. Thus, the truth about them was revealed only after their death, and as a result I discovered that history tended to repeat itself with a foolish obstinacy.
Paolo Freire|The oppressor is solidary wit the oppressed only when he stops regarding the oppressed as an abstract category and sees them as persons who have been unjustly dealt with, deprived of their voice, cheated in the sale of their labor -- when he stops making pious, sentimental, and individualistic gestures and risks an act of love. True solidarity is found only in the plenitude of this act of love, in its existentiality, in its praxis. To affirm that men and women are persons and as persons should be free, and yet to do nothing tangible to make this affirmation a reality, is a farce.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|The greatest obstacle to liberty is not the existence of evil rulers, but the belief in the existence of good rulers.
John  Williams|I am a man, and as foolish and weak as most men; if I have had an advantage over my fellows, it is that I have known this of myself, and have therefore known their weaknesses, and never presumed to find much more strength and wisdom in myself than I found in another. It was one of the sources of my power, that knowledge.
Ezra Taft Benson|The central feature of pride is enmity—enmity toward God and enmity toward our fellowmen. Enmity means “hatred toward, hostility to, or a state of opposition.” It is the power by which Satan wishes to reign over us.
Angie karan|You have the power to make your own choices. Everything in this world depends upon you ... its all about how you want to spend your life .. once you understand this fact you can come out of illusions of life .. just ask yourself what you want !! Your heart will definitely tell you the truth, and then ... who stops you ??? Its a question and answer as well
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Some people get what they want because they grab the power and swing it, and some people don’t.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Politics is all about dividing up the power. Washington D.C. likes to talk about spreading the wealth, but never spreading the power.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I have not been both soothed by love and on the opposite extreme left devastated by it, I will never understand its power nor respect its majesty.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|She broke my heart. My mother broke my heart. If I love Rachel she’ll have more power than both of them combined because this overwhelming pulse in my body...this overwhelming need to protect her and hold her close...I nuzzle into her hair and close my eyes, inhaling the sweet scent of jasmine. I should let her go, let her go, just let her go. Walk away now. Hang on to what’s left of my s
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|Three generations before I was the one meant for the necklace. I saw him when I was three years old, so clear and strong that he could slip his warm hand in mine, he could lift me in theair, yes, lift my body, but I refused him. I turned my back on him. I told him, You go back to the hell from which you came. And I used my power to fight him.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously, Dude, Don't Touch It|No, war is never about killing the enemy. War is about remaking the world to suit the whims of some powerful group over the whims of some other powerful group. The dead are just the sparks that fly from the metal as they grind it down.
George Orwell|O’Brien: How does one man assert his power over another, Winston?Winston: By making him suffer.O’Brien: Exactly. By making him suffer. Obedience is not enough. Unless he is suffering, how can you be sure that he is obeying your will and not his own? Power is in inflicting pain and humiliation. Power is in tearing human minds to pieces and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing. Do you begin to see, then, what kind of world we are creating? It is the exact opposite of the stupid hedonistic Utopias that the old reformers imagined. A world of fear and treachery and torment, a world of trampling and being trampled upon, a world which will grow not less but MORE merciless as it refines itself. Progress in our world will be progress towards more pain. The old civilizations claimed that they were founded on love or justice. Ours is founded upon hatred.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|Governments have absolutely no interest in self-reliance. It defeats one of the purposes for their existence. They encourage and thrive on dependency. The more of it they sell, the more necessary they are, and the more power and money they need.
Anodea Judith, Eastern Body, Western Mind: Psychology and the Chakra System As a Path to the Self|Our culture, so proud of its mind-over-matter philosophy, cuts us off from our bodily experience and from the earth itself. In this severance, our sexuality is negated, our senses assaulted, our environment abused, and our power manipulated. Our ground is our form, and without it we lose our individuality.
Gaurav GRV Sharma|If I burn the candles, it means not only giving you light. It means to show you the fire which I have inside.
Phoenix Sinistra|You have to realize that modern power, is nothing but a concept in the mind of the one who’s under the power. And once you realize this, you realize that authority is indeed an illusion.
Erin Hunter, Outcast|It was Tigerstar's ambition that destroyed him. If he had been willing to wait for power to come to him, he would've been the greatest leader in the forest.
David Graeber, The Utopia of Rules: On Technology, Stupidity, and the Secret Joys of Bureaucracy|Power makes you lazy. Insofar as our earlier theoretical discussion of structural violence revealed anything, it was this: that while those in situations of power and privilege often feel it as a terrible burden of responsibility, in most ways, most of the time, power is all about what you don't have to worry about, don't have to know about, and don't have to do.
Steve Maraboli|Most people throw away their personal power... If you want to know where, look at who and what you hate, blame, resent, and envy.
guggenhbuhl-craig|In general the power drive is given free rein when it can appear under the cloak of objective and moral rectitude. People are the most cruel when they can use cruelty to enforce the "good."In daily life we often suffer pages of conscience when we permit ourselves to be excessively motivated by the power drive. But these guilt feelings completely disappear from consciousness when our actions, while unconsciously motivated by a lust for power, can be consciously justified by that which is allegedly right and good.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|The silent workers get lost in the endlessdarkness of the corporate world. Thosewho work hard and constantly seek tobe visible to their superiors, those whoshowcase their hard work, are the ones whoadvance to positions of greater power andresponsibility.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|There are few uglier traits of human nature than this tendency—which I now witnessed in men no worse than their neighbours—to grow cruel, merely because they possessed the power of inflicting harm.
Aimee Carter, Queen|He is an idiot," I said. "One who thinks he's a genius/ They're the most dangerous kind.""No, the most dangerous kind are the ones with power," he said.
Benjamin Zander|I have a definition of success. For me, it's very simple. It's not about wealth and fame and power. It's about how many shining eyes I have around me.
Rebecca Timberlake, Independent Will|I also realized by the way he actually cared that I could hurt him, really hurt him, if I wanted to. That's a power no one should ever realize. It's toxic.
Orrin Woodward|Power in society is achieved through control of the purse, pen, and politics.
Erich Fromm, The Sane Society|Man can attempt to become one with the world by submission to a person, to a group, to an institution, to God. In this way, he transcends the separateness of his individual existence by becoming part of somebody or something bigger than himself, and experiences his identity in connection with the power to which he has submitted.
Benjamin Zander|Right. So if the eyes are shining, you know you're doing it. If the eyes are not shining, you get to ask a question. And this is the question: who am I being that my players' eyes are not shining? We can do that with our children, too. Who am I being, that my children's eyes are not shining? That's a totally different world.
Charlie Donlea, Summit Lake|Can anyone name a president who really had the citizens in mind during the majority of his decisions in office? None of them did, and the current ones don’t either. It’s all about power, keeping power, and dishing out power to those who throw the most money at them.
Leslie Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|The promises of prayer are extraordinary, but for prayer to work as God promises it to work, it must be purged of self and doubt.
Ursula K. Le Guin|I fear liars, and I fear tricksters, and worst I fear the bitter truth. And so I rule my country well. Because only fear rules men. Nothing else works. Nothing else lasts long enough.
Veronica Larsen, Enamor|Confronting discomfort is giving me strength, in a world where perfect strangers can render me powerless.
Thomm Quackenbush, Juvenile Justice: A Reference Handbook, 2nd Edition: A Reference Handbook|I have heard the predictable slew of insults, threats, epithets, and curses. Underneath all these, I hear their fear. They don’t want to hurt me, though I may serve as a stand-in for a man who they do want to hurt. They want to scare me because fear is the only way they have learned to feel powerful.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|O my soul, is not this enough? Dost thou need more strength than the omnipotence of the United Trinity? Dost thou want more wisdom than exists in the Father, more love than displays itself in the Son, or more power than is manifest in the influences of the Spirit?
Jean Baudrillard|Take your desires for reality!" can be understood as the ultimate slogan of power.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|Why did this [Vietnam] war, so hard, so long, so ferocious, vanish from one day to the next as if by magic?Why did this American defeat (the largest reversal in the history of the USA) have no internal repercussions in America? If it had really signified the failure of the planetary strategy of the United States, it would necessarily have completely disrupted its internal balance and the American political system.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|The only weapon of power, its only strategy against this defection, is to reinject the real and the referential everywhere, to persuade us of the reality of the social, of the gravity of the economy and the finalities of production.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|The black world was expanding before me, and I could see now that that world was more than a photonegative of that of the people who believe they are white. "White America" is a syndicate arrayed to protect its exclusive power to dominate and control our bodies. Sometimes this power is direct (lynching), and sometimes it is insidious (redlining). But however it appears, the power of domination and exclusion is central to the belief in being white, and without it, "white people" would cease to exist for want of reasons.
Arthur Rimbaud, A Season in Hell/The Drunken Boat|Yes, my eyes are closed to your light. I am a beast, a nigger. But I can be saved. You are sham niggers, you, maniacs, fiends, misers. Merchant, you are a nigger; Judge, you are a nigger; General, you are a nigger; Emperor, old itch, you are a nigger: you have drank of the untaxed liquor of Satan’s still.
Jean Baudrillard|But this aura of an artificial menace was still necessary to conceal that they [Presidents] were no longer anything but the mannequins of power. Formerly, the king (also the god) had to die, therein lay his power. Today, he is miserably forced to feign death, in order to preserve the blessing of power. But it is lost.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|There is power in controlling something that can do so much damage-in controlling something, period.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|Power is lost or won, never created or destroyed. Power is a visitor to, not a possession of, those it empowers. The mad tend to crave it, many of the sane crave it, but the wise worry about its long-term side effects.
N.I.|Maybe we can help. Where are you from? I've never seen you around here before. And, how did you get that cut? Where are you staying?” He shook his head and giggled. “Are you the police? You ask a lot of questions Phoenix.” “No. I just ... never mind.” I wanted to know more about him. The way those sparkly green eyes gazed at me. The way his dimples sunk deep into his cheeks, as he smiled and said my name with his deep voice.
Evelyn Smith, The Summer of Secrets|The difference being that people fear us. When people fear you, you have power.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|But what becomes of the divinity when it reveals itself in icons, when it is multiplied in simulacra? Does it remain the supreme power that is simply incarnated in images as a visible theology? Or does it volatilize itself in the simulacra that, alone, deploy their power and pomp of fascination - the visible machinery of icons substituted for the pure and intelligible Idea of God?
Horace Luke|Consumers are what’s going to change the world, not necessarily industries or governments,
Kim Stanley Robinson, The Years of Rice and Salt|In China the egalitarian movement came not just from Zhu's vision, but also the Taoist ideas of balance, as Zhu would always point out. In Travancore it rose out of the Buddhist idea of compassion, in Yingzhou from the Hodenosaunee idea of the equality of all, in Firanja from the idea of justice before God. Everywhere the idea existed, but the world still belonged to a tiny minority of rich; wealth had been accumulating for centuries in a few hands, and the people lucky enough to be born into this old aristocracy lived in the old manner, with the rights of kings now spread among the wealthy of the Earth. Money had replaced land as the basis of power, and money flowed according to its own gravity, its laws of accumulation, which though divorced from nature, were nevertheless the laws ruling most countries on Earth, no matter their religious or philosophical ideas of love, compassion, charity, equality, goodness, and the like. Old Zhu had been right: humanity's behavior was still based on old laws, which determined how food and land and water and surplus wealth around, how the labor of the eight billions was owned. If these laws did not change, the living shell of the earth might well be wrecked, and inherited by seagulls and ants and cockroaches.
Lik Hock Yap Ivan|We may not have the power to change, but we have the power to move.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|Sometimes, power could change hands as quickly as a knife thrust.
Frank Herbert, Dune|On Caladan, we ruled with sea and air power," the Duke said. "Here, we must scrabble for desert power. This is your inheritance, Paul.
Dacha Avelin, Embracing Your Inner Witch: The Maidens Guide to Old World Witchcraft|You are the most powerful tool in your life. Use your energy, your thoughts and your magick wisely!
Frank Herbert|Dune was a world of paradox now—a world under siege, yet the center of power. To come under siege, he decided, was the inevitable fate of power.
Celeste Chaney|There is no transparency, Marus. It can’t exist. Surveillance doesn’t go both ways. There are those who watch, and those who are watched; the powerful, and the powerless.
Nobuyuki Fukumoto|Luck is flow and force. There's no power that can fully take that into account, fate is still wavering.
Chris Matthews, Tip and the Gipper: When Politics Worked|Historically, the coupling of president and Speaker has been a tricky one that encourages a choreography both quick-footed and wary
Seth Dickinson, The Traitor Baru Cormorant|Money is only one kind of power. Faith is power, too. Love is power. Slaughter and madness are both roads to power. Certainly, symbols are power – you wear one wherever you go, that purse you carry. And you wear others when you decide to dress yourself, how to look at men and women, how to carry your body and direct your gaze. And all these symbols can raise people to labour or war.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, All In|You want power-either because you've already had a taste of it and want more, or because you've been made to feel powerless for too long.
Dave Mearns, Person-Centred Therapy Today: New Frontiers in Theory and Practice|In our hearts we know that with a different fate, we, too, could be in the ranks of the dispossessed, stripped of our identities and belonging nowhere. The refugee becomes a sinister symbol of what can quickly happen once personhood is denied and people are transformed into disposable units of contemptible impediments to the greed or power-mongering of others.
Anthony Liccione|God is the light bulb, to where faith is the light switch.
Michel Foucault|The institution of monarchy developed during the Middle Ages against the backdrop of the previously endemic struggles between feudal power agencies. The monarchy presented itself as a referee, aa power capable of putting an end to war, violence, and pillage and saying no to these struggles and private feuds. It made itself acceptable by allocating itself a juridical and negative function, albeit one whose limits it naturally began at once to overstep.
Tomichan Matheikal, The Nomad Learns Morality|The cosmos does not require God, Laplace said to himself. But Emperors require Him. All those who seek to subjugate human beings in one form or another require Him. Science does not need God.
JB Carlson|Everything will be fine in the end. If it's not fine, it's not the end.
Michel Foucault, Power/Knowledge: Selected Interviews and Other Writings, 1972-1977|I'm struck by the difficulty I had in formulating it. When I think back now, I ask myself what else it was that I was talking about in Madness and Civilization or The Birth of the Clinic, but power? Yet I'm perfectly aware that I scarcely ever used the word and never had such a field of analyses at my disposal. I can say that this was an incapacity linked undoubtedly with the political situation in which we found ourselves. It is hard to see where, either on the Right or the Left, this problem of power could then have been posed. On the Right, it was posed only in terms of constitution, sovereignty, and so on, that is, in juridical terms; on the Marxist side, it was posed only in terms of the state apparatus. The way power was exercised - concretely, and in detail - with its specificity, its techniques and tactics, was something no one attempted to ascertain; they contented themselves with denouncing it in a polemical and global fashion as it existed among the "other," in the adversary camp. Where Soviet socialist power was in question, its opponents called it totalitarianism; power in Western capitalism was denounced by the Marxists as class domination; but the mechanics of power in themselves were never analyzed.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|Power is a game, and in games you do not judge your opponents by their intentions but by the effects of their actions.
Marie Lu, The Young Elites|You have goodness in your heart, but your darkness overwhelms it all; your desire to hurt, destroy, and avenge is more powerful than your desire to love, help, and light the way.
Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GA=T+E—A Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement|There is no greater power and support you can give someone than to look them in the eye, and with sincerity/conviction say, 'I believe in you.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|Adora Belle fought back, and to make sure fought back even before she was attacked.
Michel Foucault|In a sense, I am a moralist, insofar as I believe that one of the tasks, one of the meanings of human existence—the source of human freedom—is never to accept anything as definitive, untouchable, obvious, or immobile. No aspect of reality should be allowed to become a definitive and inhuman law for us. We have to rise up against all forms of power—but not just power in the narrow sense of the word, referring to the power of a government or of one social group over another: these are only a few particular instances of power. Power is anything that tends to render immobile and untouchable those things that are offered to us as real, as true, as good
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|The powerful are like a compressor, they will grind into paste everything on their way
Haven Kimmel|And then there were men who were violently afraid of losing to a woman, the scariest men in the world. They become dictators, heads of state, bureaucrats, men with deadly weapons, they were everywhere. Sometimes she could pick one out with a look, but they were often charming, they had to have the power to attract in order to dominate.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|I have not spent my time studying the problem of "race"—"race" itself is just a restatement and retrenchment of the problem. You see this from time to time when some dullard—usually believing himself white—proposes that the way forward is a grand orgy of black and white, ending only when we are all beige and thus the same "race." But a great number of "black" people already are beige. And the history of civilization is littered with dead "races" (Frankish, Italian, German, Irish) later abandoned because they no longer serve their purpose—the organization of people beneath, and beyond, the umbrella of rights.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|The bravest thing I ever did was leave there. The next bravest thing I did was come back, to make myself heard.
Alasdair MacIntyre, After Virtue: A Study in Moral Theory|All power tends to coopt, and absolute power coopts absolutely.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|There's magic in stories, magic in hope, and magic in coming together. I have learnt from people's stories, been inspired by their hope, and been strengthened by their coming together.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|No, I am not powerful nor do I wish to be, for it is God using my weakness that makes me potent and I would never wish to surrender that.
David Halberstam, The Best and the Brightest|Why did McNamara have such good figures? Why did McNamara have such good staff work and Ball such poor staff work? The next day Ball would angrily dispatch his staff to come up with the figures, to find out how McNamara had gotten them, and the staff would burrow away and occasionally find that one of the reasons that Ball did not have comparable figures was that they did not always exist. McNamara had invented them, he dissembled even within the bureaucracy, though, of course, always for a good cause. It was part of his sense of service. He believed in what he did, and thus the morality of it was assured, and everything else fell into place. It was all right to lie and dissemble for the right causes. It was part of service, loyalty to the President, not to the nation, not to colleagues, it was a very special bureaucratic-corporate definition of integrity; you could do almost anything you wanted as long as it served your superior.
Steven Magee, Toxic Electricity|When I was researching the book Toxic Electricity, I would see biological reactions for up to a week afterwards. They are typically strong in the first day or two after the electromagnetic field (EMF) exposures and tail off as the week goes on. I would feel fine during the EMF exposures and start seeing weird health effects usually during sleep that night. Extended time around high voltage power lines & power poles were the worst for provoking reactions, followed by wifi and transmitting utility meters.
Andrea T. Goeglein, Don't Die Waiting to Be Brave|Ordinary points of bravery, the synchronistic moments we all engage in, and the transformative power of minding our voices, forgiving, trusting, and learning to love ourselves and our lives, while we wait.
Joyce Guo|I can all have all the money in the world, hold all the power, or be worshiped like a god but all are meaningless without love.
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|And like my comrades, I too have tasted the bittersweet assurance that I would be okay with myself. And like so many others out there, I have given that dream away to the wind and its power over the trees.
Stacey T. Hunt|Look to the past with wisdom, and look to the future with courage.
Chinua Achebe, Home and Exile|In the end I began to understand. There is such a thing as absolute power over narrative. Those who secure this privilege for themselves can arrange stories about others pretty much where, and as, they like. Just as in corrupt, totalitarian regimes, those who exercise power over others can do anything.
Howard Thurman|Fear is one of the persistent hounds of hell that dog the footsteps of the poor, the dispossessed, the disinherited. There is nothing new or recent about fear—it is doubtless as old as the life of man on the planet. Fears are of many kinds—fear of objects, fear of people, fear of the future, fear of nature, fear of the unknown, fear of old age, fear of disease, and fear of life itself. Then there is fear which has to do with aspects of experience and detailed states of mind.Our homes, institutions, prisons, churches, are crowded with people who are hounded by day and harrowed by night because of some fear that lurks ready to spring into action as soon as one is alone, or as soon as the lights go out, or as soon as one’s social defenses are temporarily removed.The ever-present fear that besets the vast poor, the economically and socially insecure, is a fear of still a different breed. It is a climate closing in; it is like the fog in San Francisco or in London. It is nowhere in particular yet everywhere. It is a mood which one carries around with himself, distilled from the acrid conflict with which his days are surrounded. It has its roots deep in the heart of the relations between the weak and the strong, between the controllers of environment and those who are controlled by it.When the basis of such fear is analyzed, it is clear that it arises out of the sense of isolation and helplessness in the face of the varied dimensions of violence to which the underprivileged are exposed. Violence, precipitate and stark, is the sire of the fear of such people. It is spawned by the perpetual threat of violence everywhere. Of course, physical violence is the most obvious cause. But here, it is important to point out, a particular kind of physical violence or its counterpart is evidenced; it is violence that is devoid of the element of contest. It is what is feared by the rabbit that cannot ultimately escape the hounds.
Jonathan Saccone-Joly|Sometimes it's like: If something terrifies you, you should totally do it BECAUSE it terrifies you. And then you'll do it and you'll realise what you're capable of.
Henrik Ibsen, An Enemy of the People|The right? Ah, what does it help to be in the right if you don't have any power?
Jane Ripley, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|In order for collaboration to take place, managers must give up their silos and their perceptions of power.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|What some politicians really mean when they saythis country: me, my party, my ethnic groupinternational justice is biased: they want to arrest meterrorists: oppositionillegal immigrants: refugeeselections: remaining in powerpeace: eliminating the oppositioninternational community: the rich countriesthe people: sympathisers of my party
Kate Millett|The arbitrary character of patriarchal ascriptions of temperament and role has little effect upon their power over us. Nor do the mutually exclusive, contradictory, and polar qualities of the categories “masculine” and “feminine” imposed upon human personality give rise to sufficiently serious question among us. Under their aegis each personality becomes little more, and often less than half, of its human potential. Politically, the fact that each group exhibits a circumscribed but complementary personality and range of activity is of secondary importance to the fact that each represents a status or power division. In the matter of conformity patriarchy is a governing ideology without peer; it is probably that no other system has ever exercised such a complete control over its subjects.
Mary Renault, The King Must Die|Men would be as gods, if they had foreknowledge.
Darmie O-Lujon|The morning behind the dark mist, the mighty and gracious cloud in the sky, scepter of power to the modest grounds yielding fruitfulness, you are the ALMIGHTY.
Sunday Adelaja|God only gives men power to make wealth, meaning God does not give wealth, he gives the power to work for it. (Deut. 8:18)
Ken Liu, The Grace of Kings|He intrigued her. Powerful men, in her experience, were usually not so full of doubt. Kuni was consumed by the desire to do good for others, but uncertain what "good" might be and whether he was the right man for the job.Kuni was the sort of man, Risana realized, who, rather than deceive himself, was so full of self-doubt that he could not longer see himself
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|Both Yassi and I know that we have been losing our faith. We have been questioning it with every move. During the Shah's time, it was different. I felt I was in the minority and I had to guard my faith against all odds. Now that my religion is in power, I feel more helpless than ever before, and more alienated.' She wrote about how ever since she could remember, she had been told that life in the land of infidels was pure hell. She had been promised that all would be different under a just Islamic rule. Islamic rule! It was a pageant of hypocrisy and shame.
Richard Paul Evans|I don't get that, I mean, what's power? Let's say he suddenly becomes king of the world. What is he going to do with it that he can't do now? Is his food going to taste better? Is the weather going to be nicer? Will love feel better? I just don't understand that mentality.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|There are many languages in the world but the most widely spoken and understood by everyone are power, love and money.
Shannon L. Alder|Your true power is not in your difference, but in your consistency of being different. The world will always adjust to consistency, yet struggle with change.
Arun D. Ellis, Corpalism|A revolutionary war of freedom, he said” Hiawatha responded crisply, “and I agree… does Superman ever fly to Thailand and free the kids slaving in the sweat shops owned by the rich corporations? No, he doesn’t. Does Batman ever break into prison and free the wrongfully convicted and over sentenced black man whose rights were trampled on when he was incarcerated? No, he doesn’t. Does Spider man ever break into a house in suburbia and beat up the abusive and violent husband? No, he doesn’t.” “Do the Fantastic Four ever fly out to third world countries and defend the rights of the poor civilians against greedy American corporations? No, they don’t,” said the Pirate, not to be outdone. “They’re all just tools used by the state to maintain the status quo,” said Hiawatha.
Criss Jami, Healology|If only we were all better educated. If then, higher education would at last be a journey for skill and knowledge rather than for power and status.
Miguel Ruiz|The power of the word is completely misused in hell. We use the word to curse, to blame, to find guilt, to destroy. Of course, we also use it in the right way, but not too often. Mostly we use the word to spread our personal poison - to express anger, jealousy, envy, and hate. The word is pure magic - the most powerful gift we have as humans - and we use it against ourselves. We plan revenge. We create chaos with the word. We use the word to create hate between different races, between different people, between families, between nations. We misuse the word so often, and this misuse is how we create and perpetuate the dream of hell. Misuse of the word is how we pull each other down and keep each other in a state of fear and doubt.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|You made me laugh at your jokes.You made me cry at your criticism.You made me shout at your lies.Then I noticed how in every case someone else was present, hearing you without laughter or tears or anger.I alone reacted.I see now; you never made me laugh or cry or rage.I chose to find humor.I chose to take offense.I chose to feel scorned.The truth is, you never had power over me.
Lierre Keith|I want my life to be a battle cry, a war zone, an arrow pointed and loosed into the heart of domination: patriarchy, imperialism, industrialization, every system of power and sadism.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|You can’t write novels without a touch of paranoia. I’m paranoid as an act of good citizenship, concerned about what the powerful people are up to.
Sam Keen, Fire in the Belly: On Being a Man|The world is run largely by urban, sedentary males. The symbol of power is the chair.
|If success is yet to become a reality in your life, you haven't exhausted your willpower.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|The power of the word is completely misused in hell. We use the word to curse, to blame, to find guilt, to destroy. Of course, we also use it in the right way, but not too often. Mostly we use the word to spread our personal poison - to express anger, jealousy, envy, and hate. The words is pure magic - the most powerful gift we have as humans - and we use it against ourselves. We plan revenge. We create chaos with the word. We use the word to create hate between different races, between different people, between families, between nations. We misuse the word so often, and this misuse is how we create and perpetuate the dream of hell. Misuse of the word is how we pull each other down and keep each other in a state of fear and doubt.
Winston Churchill.  In the House of Commons, February 28, 1906 speech South African native races. Wi|I submit respectfully to the House as a general principle that our responsibility in this matter is directly proportionate to our power. Where there is great power there is great responsibility, where there is less power there is less responsibility, and where there is no power there can, I think, be no responsibility.
Twilight Princess|Those who do not know the danger of wielding power will, before long, be ruled by it.
Tabi Card, Spinner|I don’t know how much longer I can keep pretending. How long I can contain the storm I am becoming; the emotions pushed aside that grow and strengthen, clamoring for their release. I can resist only so much. One day I won’t be able to fake a smile or weave a lie. One day I am going to explode.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Believe in yourselves as sons and daughters of God, men and women with unlimited potential to do good in the world. Believe in personal virtue. There is no substitute for it anywhere under the. heavens. Believe in your power to discipline yourselves against the evils which could destroy you. Believe in one another as the greatest generation ever yet to live upon the earth.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Believe in God our Eternal Father, He who is greatest of all, who stands ever ready to help us and who has the power to do so. Believe in Jesus Christ, the Savior and the Redeemer of mankind, the worker of miracles, the greatest who ever walked the earth, the intercessor with our Father. Believe in the power of the Holy Ghost to lead, to inspire, to comfort, to protect. Believe in the Prophet Joseph, as an instrument in the hands of the Almighty in ushering in this the dispensation of the fullness of times.
Meg Haston, Paperweight|But every time I near sleep, I'm scared shitless. Because the memories are coming faster now, pouring through me, as if I've broken the handle on the faucet. They are coming, no matter how much is hurts. And all I can do is hold my breath and try not to drown.
Tijan, Fallen Crest Public|Malinda moved so we were eye-level. "Forget the people who've hurt you. You don't have them anymore, but you have two others that'll do anything to you. Mason and Logan would move mountains for you. I see how you are with them. You love them, but you're scared to let yourself be happy. Why? Because that's when they'll leave? Is that what you think? You've got it all wrong. Those two will never leave you." She tapped my chest. Once. Twice. "You. You're the one that's going to hurt them. You have that power, and you don't know it. You could rip those two apart in a second, and they're the ones who are scared of you. Not the other way around. You need to recognize the real situation.
Katlyn Charlesworth, While Rome Burned|In an empire as unruly as Rome, it is quite easy to get away with something as thespian as murder.
Pazaria Smith|The power of the Blood of Jesus, the Word of God & the name of Jesus are the believers weapons of defense against the Devil.
Sunday Adelaja|For life to go your way, you must equip yourself with the power of change.
Sunday Adelaja|For life to smile at you, you must equip yourself with the power of change.
Norman Spinrad, Bug Jack Barron|[P]ower, terrible, unprecedented power, and with it came the unavoidable choice that had faced every power-junkie since time began: to have the sheer gall to fake being something greater than a man, or cop-out on the millions who had poured a part of themselves into your image and be something less.
Sunday Adelaja|Jesus also function on the earth through the power of light. Light, illumination, knowledge, insight, understanding, wisdom. That is their real power on earth.
bell hooks, Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center|If one assumes, as I do, that battery is caused by the belief permeating this culture that hierarchical rule and coercive authority are natural, then all our relationships tend to be based on power and domination, and thus all forms of battery are linked.
Mihailo Markovic|Another basic characteristic of liberalism which constitutes a formidable obstacle to an oppressed group's liberation is its conception of human nature. If selfishness, aggressiveness, the drive to conquer and dominate, really are among defining human traits, as every liberal philosopher since Locke tries to convince us, the oppression in civil society—i.e. in the social sphere not regulated by the state—is a fact of life, and the basic civil relationship between a man and a women will always remain a battlefield. Woman, being less aggressive, is then either the less human of the two and doomed to subjugation, or else she must get more power-hungry herself and try to dominate man. Liberation for both is not feasible.
Sunday Adelaja|Even though this generation still believes in the miracle working power of God, they must no longer wait for God to bring water from the rocks, but rather construct dams, water systems, subdue the power of the ocean thereby give glory to God almighty
Steven Magee|It really should be a criminal offense for an electrician to mount a breaker box on a bedroom wall. Unfortunately, I see the solar industry mounting inverters on bedroom walls also!
Sunday Adelaja|Jesus also function on the earth through the power of light. Light, illumination, knowledge, insight, understanding, wisdom. That is their real power on earth
Sunday Adelaja|If God the Father and God the Son use light, knowledge, insight, understanding and wisdom to function on the earth, it means that is the greatest power in existence.
Pazaria Smith|I'm always in Awe of God's Greatness, His M. O. (Method of Operation), His timing, His Might and His Power. He's God all by Himself!!! Abba, I love You.
Pazaria Smith|This is the word of the LORD saying, Not by Might, nor by Power, but by my Spirit, saith the LORD of hosts.
Sunday Adelaja|Even though this generation still believes in the miracle working power of God, they must no longer wait for God to bring water from the rocks, but rather construct dams, develop water systems, subdue the power of the ocean and thereby give glory to God almighty.
Andy Beckett|Thatcher set ordinary people free, but into a landscape that her other policies had already shaped to suit other, more powerful interests, such as large corporations or Britons with inherited wealth.
Robert  Black|SEXPussy, pussy, pussy.Cock, cock, cock.Ass, ass, ass.The games we play.No, no, no, makes us obsessed to the point of insanity.Yes, yes, yes, makes us superior to the point of cruelty.It's just a fuck, after all.
Ndiritu Wahome, The Girl With The Flawless Face|To attain power, one must first obtain riches, for almost everything of the world revolves about it.
Richard Flanagan|Tracker Marks was of a different opinion. Though he seemed more white than a white man, he had no time for their ways. For him his dress, his deportment was no different than staying downwind in the shadows of trees when hunting, blending into the world of those he hunted, rather than standing out from it. Once he had excelled at the emu dance & the kangaroo dance; then his talent led him to the whitefella dance, only now no-one was left of his tribe to stand around the fire & laugh & praise his talent for observation & stealthy imitation.The whites have no law, he told Capois Death, no dreaming. Their way of life made no sense whatsoever. Still, he did not hate them or despise them. They were stupid beyond belief, but they had a power, & somehow their stupidity & their power were, in Tracker Marks’s mind, inextricably connected. But how? he asked Capois Death. How can power & ignorance sleep together? Questions to which Capois Death had no answer.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|She was the storm, she was the lightning...
Michel Foucault|We must cease once and for all to describe the effects of power in negative terms, it ‘excludes’, it ‘represses’... in fact power produces, it produces reality, it produces domains of objects and rituals of truth.
Katherine Boo|She was simply Asha, a woman on her own. Had the situation been otherwise, she might not have come to know her own brain.
Ursula K. Le Guin|The Earth is beautiful, and bright, and kindly, but that is not all. The Earth is also terrible, and dark, and cruel. The rabbit shrieks dying in the green meadows. The mountains clench their great hands full of hidden fire. There are sharks in the sea, and there is cruelty in men's eyes. And where men worship these things and abase themselves before them, there evil breeds; there places are made in the world where darkness gathers, places given over wholly to the Ones whom we call Nameless, the ancient and holy Powers of the Earth before the Light, the powers of the dark, of ruin, of madness.
Banani Ray, Awakening Inner Guru|Pure Love is detached, self-assured, self-poised, non-possessive and non-aggressive in nature. Yet, it is tremendously powerful to move the whole universe.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|And this is what she wants to do to people. Let them have their own lives, until she wants them. Give them the strength of giants, but not the power to control it.
Alan Chains, Return to Island X|In the age of arms, a super warhead might be the most powerful for its destructiveness. In the age of farms, an irrigation system is most powerful, for it feeds lives. But how do you define power and advancement in the age of social engineering? It is the one that mimics human the best, isn’t it? We don’t need a warhead when there has been a drought. We don’t point at our enemy with sprinklers. It is about evolving. (Douglas Parsley)
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|The empowered may serve justice, remodel the Earth, transform lush nations into smoking battlefields, and bring down skyscrapers, but power itself is amoral.
C.L. Hall|The Devil is a master of disguise and takes on many forms. He comes to conquer you, steal your joy, kill your spirit, and destroy your faith. When you are doing right, he attacks you from the left but know that God is all powerful and God is in you and that no weapon formed against you shall prosper.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Be aware of things you say because words have power. When you speak truth. It's Beautiful. And, that beauty illuminates!
Terry Tempest Williams|We come into this world through women: a woman who is spent, broken open, in awe. No wonder women have been worshiped ever since men first saw the crowning of a head, here, legs spread, a brushstroke of light. We are fire. We are water. We are earth. We are air. We are all things elemental. The world begins with "Yes,"Changing women: we begin again like the moon. We can no longer deny the destiny that is ours by becoming women who wait: waiting to love, waiting to speak, waiting to act. This is not patience, but pathology. We are sensual, sexual beings, intrinsically bound to both heaven and earth, our bodies a hologram. In our withholding of power, we abrogate power, and that creates war. The Australian poet Judith Wright says, "Our dream was the wrong dream, our strength was the wrong strength. Wounded, we cross the desert's emptiness and must be false to what would make us whole.
Ahmed El Sokkary|One day My father taught me a ‎lesson "never compete with someone who sold the world for his ‎dream"... I have learned the lesson and decided to be this one so, no one can compete with me.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|By all means be submissive in the bedroom (if you are that way inclined), but don't be submissive to life. Being life's bitch is no fun at all. Life may play up in many ways, but it's up to you to take control, take charge and put life in its place.
Steven Magee, Solar Radiation, Global Warming and Human Disease|There is no limit on the level that the reflections can be at and in a modern environment, such as a city, the albedo can increase the power levels many times of the sky based solar radiation of direct and diffuse combined. The trees prevent the albedo reflections from occurring.
Anthony Liccione|People tend to think that money makes them strong, but it's those that learn to survive without it, are truly the stronger.
Kurtis J. Wiebe, Rat Queens, Vol. 2: The Far Reaching Tentacles of N'rygoth|This isn't the work of our people, Delilah. It's a corruption of power. The gods are neutral, good and evil manifests in the deeds of mortals.''Or, just maybe-- The power is our own and the credit horribly misplaced.
Esther Vilar, The Polygamous Sex|A man who wants to gain power over a woman must follow the example of women and condition his sex drive. If he succeeds in becoming as cold as she, she can no longer bait him with sex into the role of provider. At most she could offer herself as an equal sex partner, as dependent on him as he is on her. If men could abstain from sex at judicious intervals they might even succeed in normalizing the female sex drive - even make women desire them more than the other way around.
Denny Taylor, From the Child's Point of View|Our ways of seeing are democratic. Unfortunately, they are not bureaucratic. Except in rare circumstances, I no longer believe that it is possible to be both, because when it becomes bureaucratic the struggle is not about pedagogy, it's about power. About who controls the activities that occur in schools. About who controls who participates in American society. About who controls the power base of the twenty-first century.
Esther Vilar, The Polygamous Sex|Power consists in making oneself the goal of another person's social instincts, without seeking to satisfy one's own social instincts through him. The other then does everything one asks. Powerlessness consists in wanting or having to satisfy one's social instincts through another person whose social instincts one has not succeeded in concentrating on oneself - one then does everything the other asks.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|My emotions are invisible, untouchable—invincible even—and their power far outweighs my own. And so it seems unfair that for all the little I can do to them, they can do so much to me.
Edward Wortley Montagu, Reflections on the Rise and Fall of the Ancient Republicks: Adapted to the Present State of Great Britain|[T]here cannot be a more certain symptom of the approaching ruin of a State than when a firm adherence to party is fixed upon as the only test of merit, and all the qualifications requisite to a right discharge of every employment, are reduced to that single standard.
Sunday Adelaja|The Word of God gives power, authority and abundant life to a man.
Iain M. Banks|...a guilty system recognizes no innocents. As with any power apparatus which thinks everybody’s either for it or against it, we’re against it. You would be too, if you thought about it. The very way you think places you among its enemies. This might not be your fault, because every society imposes some of its values on those raised within it, but the point is that some societies try to maximize that effect, and some try to minimize it. You come from one of the latter and you’re being asked to explain yourself to one of the former. Prevarication will be more difficult than you might imagine; neutrality is probably impossible. You cannot choose not to have the politics you do; they are not some separate set of entities somehow detachable from the rest of your being; they are a function of your existence. I know that and they know that; you had better accept it.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are facing some kind of temptation, remember that it is within your power to get the victory over it.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|There is power in confronting your fears. In knowing what it is you fear above all, you can prevent it from becoming your reality. There are always choices.
|You could pay for power, but would never buy dignity.
Edward Snowden|These programs were never about terrorism: they're about economic spying, social control, and diplomatic manipulation. They're about power.
Simon Tam|The act of claiming an identity can be transformational. It can provide healing and empowerment. It can weld solidarity within a community. And, perhaps most importantly, it can diminish power from an oppressor, a dominant group.
Sarah Brownlee|My heart's made of goldMy soul is pure steelLoved ones shall riseEnemies will kneelI soothe with water, attack with fireFor I am the master of my own empire.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|People often don't understand the engine that drives corruption. Particularly in India, they assume government equals corruption, private companies equal efficiency. But government officials are not genetically programmed to be corrupt. Corruption is linked to power. If it is the corporations that are powerful, then they will be corrupt.
Dennis Merritt Jones, The Art of Being: 101 Ways to Practice Purpose in Your Life|In Zen, there is an old saying: The obstacle is the path. Know that a whole and happy life is not free of obstacles. Quite the contrary, a whole and happy life is riddled with obstacles-they simply become the very stepping-stones that help lift us to a new perspective. It is not what happens to us in this life that shapes us, it is how we choose to respond to what happens to us.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|Isn't there a flaw in the logic of that phrase - speak truth to power? It assumes that power doesn't know the truth. But power knows the truth just as well, if not better, than the powerless know the truth. Enron knows what it's doing. We don't have to tell it what it's doing. We have to tell other people what Enron is doing. Similarly, the people who are building the dams know what they're doing. The contractors know how much they're stealing. The bureaucrats know how much they're getting in bribes.Power knows the truth. There isn't any doubt about that. It is really about telling the story. Good fiction is the truest thing that ever there was. Facts are not necessarily the only truths. Facts can be fiddled with by economists and bankers. There are other kinds of truth. It's about telling the story. As a writer, that's the best thing I can do. It's not just about digging up facts.
Miguel Reynolds Brandao, The Sustainable Organisation - a paradigm for a fairer society: Think about sustainability in an age of technological progress and rising inequality|Maybe it is not a coincidence that, even in heaven, under the perspective of the Bible, there is a hierarchy. After all, what better way to impose the “benefits” of accepting the power of a hierarchy in the human mind?
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Positive words come from positive thoughts. It implies, when you open your mouth to talk for people to listen, you have opened your mind for them to read. Think positively; talk positively!
J.R. Rim|Optimizing your strength is not optional, it's an obligation.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Nonviolence is power, but it is the right and good use of power.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Your economic security does not lie in your job; it lies in your own power to produce- to think, to learn, to create, to adapt. That's true financial independence. It's not having wealth; it's having the power to produce wealth. It's intrinsic.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Words can heal, words can also kill. Choose your words carefully so that you'll pull people away from their emotional graves rather than pushing them into it! Inspire, don't insult!
Michael Bassey Johnson|A stupid is one who thinks that those in power today had clandestine means of getting there, yet wants to get there without thinking of the clandestine route they would be taking.
Martin Luther King Jr., The Autobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr.|We can all get more together than we can apart. And this is the way we gain power. Power is the ability to achieve purpose, power is the ability to effect change, and we need power.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|The breath of life of the Senate is, of course, continuity,
Sunday Adelaja|When you gain maximum knowledge in any area of work and put it into practice, no powerwill be able to hinder you achieving your set goals.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Don’t always wish it is easier to be done; wish you have enough power to make it happen. No matter how difficult it is, you can do it when the solution is in your palms!
Ari Gold, The Gold Standard: Rules to Rule By|Unless you're in an early seventies-era Eagles cover band, a founding member of a religious cult, or sleeping under a bridge in Seattle, lose the beard and get a haircut. Power doesn't have time for any form of hirsute hipster self expression.
Miguel Reynolds Brandao, The Sustainable Organisation - a paradigm for a fairer society: Think about sustainability in an age of technological progress and rising inequality|Whatever the religion, we are formatted to accept hierarchy without any questions and while most management studies discuss business models, organisation and power structure, they seldom question the different types of hierarchies. One has to wonder if this hierarchy really is an absolute truth…
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Friends are like the stars that glow in the sky... you don't always see them, but you know they're always there overhead, and even when it's cloudy, snowy or stormy, even when the power goes out and you're trapped in darkness, they'll always find a way to shine through to you.
Marie Lu, The Young Elites|Through the whirlwind, I hear my father's harsh whi
Marie Lu, The Young Elites|I laugh with him. I imagine mixing poison into his tea, then watching his face turn purple and anguished; I picture myself leaning over him, looking on patiently, with my chin resting in my hands, admiring his dying, writhing body as I count out the minutes.
Daniel O'Malley, The Rook|With the sort of power these new processes granted them, the members of the brotherhood were in the perfect position to seize power. In any other country, a massive, bloody war would have ensued. Horrors would have stalked the land, unholy amalgamations of flesh would have fought on the fields, and the nights would have new, unspeakable terrors.Fortunately, this is Belgium we're talking about.
Michael Soll, Scorched|The more power you have, the less you can truly say. That’s the irony.
Carol Ann Duffy|Poetry, above all, is a series of intense moments - its power is not in narrative. I'm not dealing with facts, I'm dealing with emotion.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power|It is not the victory of science that distinguishes our nineteenth century, but the victory of scientific method over science.
Debasish Mridha|Love is my strength, love is my power.
Lena Karynn Tesla, Something More|It is not by man's power that you are here, but by a greater Power. That Power will stay with you.
David Kipper, The Addiction Solution: Unraveling the Mysteries of Addiction through Cutting-Edge Brain Science|Powerlessness implies inactivity, like an appliance that is not plugged into its electrical current. Empowerment is about plugging into responsible choices and then acting upon them to your fullest capacity.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|Speak to me about power. What is it?”	I do believe I’m being out-Cambridged. “You want me to discuss power? Right here and now?”	Her shapely head tilts. “No time except the present.”	“Okay.” Only for a ten. “Power is the ability to make someone do what they otherwise wouldn’t, or deter them from doing what they otherwise would.”	Immaculée Constantin is unreadable. “How?”	“By coercion and reward. Carrots and sticks, though in bad light one looks much like the other. Coercion is predicated upon the fear of violence or suffering. ‘Obey, or you’ll regret it.’ Tenth-century Danes exacted tribute by it; the cohesion of the Warsaw Pact rested upon it; and playground bullies rule by it. Law and order relies upon it. That’s why we bang up criminals and why even democracies seek to monopolize force.” Immaculée Constantin watches my face as I talk; it’s thrilling and distracting. “Reward works by promising ‘Obey and benefit.’ This dynamic is at work in, let’s say, the positioning of NATO bases in nonmember states, dog training, and putting up with a shitty job for your working life. How am I doing?”	Security Goblin’s sneeze booms through the chapel.	“You scratch the surface,” says Immaculée Constantin.	I feel lust and annoyance. “Scratch deeper, then.”	She brushes a tuft of fluff off her glove and appears to address her hand: “Power is lost or won, never created or destroyed. Power is a visitor to, not a possession of, those it empowers. The mad tend to crave it, many of the sane crave it, but the wise worry about its long-term side effects. Power is crack cocaine for your ego and battery acid for your soul. Power’s comings and goings, from host to host, via war, marriage, ballot box, diktat, and accident of birth, are the plot of history. The empowered may serve justice, remodel the Earth, transform lush nations into smoking battlefields, and bring down skyscrapers, but power itself is amoral.” Immaculée Constantin now looks up at me. “Power will notice you. Power is watching you now. Carry on as you are, and power will favor you. But power will also laugh at you, mercilessly, as you lie dying in a private clinic, a few fleeting decades from now. Power mocks all its illustrious favorites as they lie dying. ‘Imperious Caesar, dead and turn’d to clay, might stop a hole to keep the wind away.’ That thought sickens me, Hugo Lamb, like nothing else. Doesn’t it sicken you?
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the storm underestimates your power, nothing happens to him; but if you underestimate the power of the storm, you sink!
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Ursula Monkton smiled, and the lightnings wreathed and writhed about her. She was power incarnate, standing in the crackling air. She was the storm, she was the lightning, she was the adult world with all its power and all its secrets and all its foolish casual cruelty.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|It is not within my power to refuse the journey of life regardless of the nature of my fears or the depth of my selfishness, for the definitions of ‘journey’ and ‘life’ are indistinguishably synonymous. I can however sufficiently inhibit them and amply fight them to the point that I have accepted the journey, but the journey is now solely defined as my effort to forsake the journey.
Aditya Ajmera|Even the brightest sun can be obscured by clouds, this is the power of nature.
Zora Neale Hurston|Insensate cruelty to those you can whip, and grovelling submission to those you can't. Once having set up her idols and built altars to the, it was imevitable that she would worship there. It was inevitable that she would accept any inconsistency and cruelty from her deity as all good worshippers do from theirs. All gods who recieve homage are cruel. All gods dispense suffering without reason. Otherwise they would not be worshipped Though indiscriminate suffering men know fear and fear is the most divine emotion. It is the stones for altars and the beginning of wisdom. Half gods are worshipped in wine and flowers. Real gods require blood.
Pulkit Patel|Power is the ability to control people or things. So, unless you learn to control your own self first, how would you be able to influence anybody else? Now, doesn’t that apply to all of us?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The more we abide in Christ, the more His grace and power transform us into His image.
Julian Aguon, The Fire This Time: Essays on Life Under Us Occupation|American schools in Guam, both before 1941 and after 1945, were established to eradicate the Chamoru, tongue and person. To educate the old Chamoru out of the new American. The native out of the patriot...But the nastier lesson their schools taught was that their dreams were ours. That indigenous knowledge had no place in the new world...As vehicles for our assimilation, American schools have attached to our longings alien aspirations for material wealth, money and power. How much of our creativity and our vision has already been laid to waste for the sake of these?
Bobbie Kinkead|If you can't control an emotion, it is not yours. You are in control.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Lucien studied the wine in his goblet. "You don’t hold on to power by being everyone’s friend. And among the faeries, lesser and High Fae alike, a firm hand is needed. We’re too powerful, and too bored with immortality, to be checked by anything else.
Tim Crawshaw, So, You Want to Be Rich... But Jesus Doesn't.|The meaning of life in western secular society is to be successful. So many people are success mad and they are encouraged to reach for something and have so called "worthwhile goals". Money, fame, power, good looks, possessions are the indicators of success and the media and advertising companies exploit this. People are conditioned to believe that they can only feel happy or good about themselves if they have these things. This of course is not true.
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|It is true that if care is taken to use only a language that it's understood by graduates in law and economics, you can easily prove that the masses have to be managed from above.
Debasish Mridha|When love is your power and imagination is your guide, nothing is impossible.
Matthew Donnelly|Love, Imagination and Intuition are the most powerful forces on the planet earth.
Debasish Mridha|Your power is in your thoughts not in your physical strength,
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|Life. All this. Why do they need to make us do this? Why do they treat us like we're their slaves?""Power.""Power isn't real. It's just a word.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Beware of fame; for when they come for you, they come not to give, but for to gain.Whoever is needed, wields the most power.Whoever is needy, seeks to wield that power.
Rita Johansen|Set yourself ablaze. Allow your light to shine upon others without fear. When you radiate from within, others cannot dampen your fire.
Mouloud Benzadi|You may be able to conquer the whole world and gain everything in action, But you'll live in torment if you can't find peace of mind and satisfaction.
Anthony Liccione|Go to God with your coal, and He will set them to blazing fire.
Edward Lewellen|Things are as they should be at this moment. When you accept that, you become responsible for everything you have and are. You then hold the power to change your future!
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The shelf where you can find the power to kick start is the shelf of self-confidence. No matter how loaded you are with the right information, you need to pull yourself out!
Amitav Ghosh|Is it your implication that no good will come of this expedition?’‘Oh it will, sir; there’s no denying that.’ Captain Chillingworth’s words emerged very slowly, as if they had been pulled up from a deep well of bitterness. ‘I am sure it will do a great deal of good for some of us. But I doubt I’ll be of that number, or that many Chinamen will. The truth is, sir, that men do what their power permits them to do. We are no different from the Pharaohs or the Mongols: the difference is only that when we kill people we feel compelled to pretend that it is for some higher cause. It is this pretence of virtue, I promise you, that will never be forgiven by history.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|A positive attitude creates a passion that wakes a leader up. To the leader, attitude is more powerful than an alarm clock. Positive attitude in true leadership is what makes an alarm clock unnecessary!
Hilari Bell, The Sword of Waters|All causes are good,' Yallin told her calmly. 'And those exact same causes are all bad, depending on which side a body's on. Regent Pettibone and his followers certainly thought your mother's cause was a bad one. To my mind, causes aren't about good or bad, in the end. They're about power. That's what makes them so dangerous.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May the power of the Holy Spirit give us the grace, strength and wisdom.
Chris Dee|I've always felt Lex Luthor is intensely threatened by any status or distinction he can’t buy, hence the antipathy to Superman's powers and Bruce Wayne's status as old money. Money is Luthor's superpower, and anything he can’t obtain or control with it is his kryptonite. Unlike Superman, he takes a proactive view of his kryptonite. It shouldn’t exist and he’ll do all he can to eradicate it wherever he finds it.
Kassandra Cross, Sex with the CEO: A Billionaire Romance|The air between them was electric, the scent of his aftershave was intoxicating and she could feel the testosterone bouncing off him. She could immediately tell he was a powerful man.
Wu Ming-Yi, The Man with the Compound Eyes|In all honesty, I don’t envy you the possession of this power over memory, nor do I admire you. Because humans are usually completely unconcerned with the memories of other creatures. Human existence involves the willful destruction of the existential memories of other creatures and of your own memories as well. No life can survive without other lives, with the ecological memories of other living creatures have, memories of the environments in which the live. People don’t realize they need to rely on the memories of other organisms to survive. You think that flowers bloom in colorful profusion just to please your eyes. That a wild boar exists just to provide meat for your table. That a fish takes the bait just for you sake. That only you can mourn. That a stone falling into a gorge is of no significance. That a sambar deer, its head bent low to sip at a creek is not a revelation . . . When in fact the finest movement of any organism represents a change in an ecosystem.” The man with the compound eyes takes a deep sign and says: “But if you were any different you wouldn’t be human.
Erich Fromm|Millions are impressed by the victories of power and take it for the sign of strength. To be sure, power over people is an expression of superior strength in a purely material sense. If I have the power over another person to kill him, I am "stronger" than he is. But in a psychological sense, the lust for power is not rooted in strength but in weakness. It is the expression of inability of the individual self to stand alone and live. It is the desperate attempt to gain secondary strength where genuine strength is lacking.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Palace of Illusions|The power of a man is like a bull’s charge, while the power of a woman moves aslant, like a serpent seeking its prey. Know the particular properties of your power. Unless you use it correctly, it won’t get you what you want.” His words perplexed me. Wasn’t power singular and simple? In the world that I knew, men just happened to have more of it. (I hoped to change this.)
Jayne Castel, The Breaking Dawn|Love doesn’t rule the world. The lust for power and dominance over others is what drives men – always has, always will.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|Now and again. Good residency is about having the power to ask someone to do something, but not necessarily exercising it.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|And because we have been given thought, will, and imagination, albeit on a human scale, we too have this power to create.
Rhealyn|We are given a great power, we should capable enough to handle it and use it fair and square.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|A sixth sense is a miraculous thing, which in itself suggests a supernatural order. The human intellect, however, for all its power and triumphs, is largely formed by this world and is therefore corruptible.
Olive Schreiner|If the bird does like its cage, and does like its sugar and will not leave it, why keep the door so carefully shut? Why not open it, only a little? Do they know there is many a bird will not break its wings against the bars, but would fly if the doors were open?
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|If you do not achieve your God-given goals, it does not mean God has not given the power. It rather means you have taken His power for granted!
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Once you say “I can’t”, you suppress the left over passion in you. But you say “I can”, you spark your inner power to make it happen. You can!
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|An informed parent or caregiver becomes empowered, and empowerment can lead to the best care for our children.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Asides your power, passion and poise, what glues the posters of your impacts on memorial walls is how you treat those you need and those who need you.
Gary   Hopkins|Rich or poor, money rules with an iron fist.
Bill Bigelow|At a time when we need an urgent national conversation about how schools and curriculum should address the environmental crisis, we're being told that the problems we need to focus on are teacher incompetence, government monopoly, and market competition. The reform agenda reflects the same private interests that are moving to shrink public space-interests that have no desire to raise questions that might encourage students to think critically about the roots of the environmental crisis, or to examine society's unsustainable distribution of wealth and power.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Truth is Evidence of Love. And, Nothing Can Stop the Power of Trusting and Loving Unconditionally.
Steve Knox|The greatest power we have in life is not external, but internal.
Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted|In that moment I found a power beyond any I'd had before, a will and a determination I would never have need if not for Lucinda, a fortitude I hadn't been able to find for a lesser cause.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, Marina|The night I met him [he] told me that, for some reason, life usually grants us what we are not looking for. He was given wealth, fame, and power, yet his soul yearned only for spiritual peace so that he could silence the shadows in his heart...
Barack Obama, Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance|I had begun to see a new map of the world, one that was frightening in its simplicity, suffocating in its implications. We were always playing on the white man's court, Ray had told me, by the white man's rules. If the principal, or the coach, or a teacher, or Kurt, wanted to spit in your face, he could, because he had power and you didn't. If he decided not to, if he treated you like a man or came to your defense, it was because he knew that the words you spoke, the clothes you wore, the books you read, your ambitions and desires, were already his. Whatever he decided to do, it was his decision to make, not yours, and because of that fundamental power he held over you, because it preceded and would outlast his individual motives and inclinations, any distinction between good and bad whites held negligible meaning.
H.J. Lawson, Aurum|I hate that leaders have the power to rule over the weak, transforming them into something they are not. But is that really true? Or just an excuse we use to be weak and not stand up for what is right?
Richard Ronald Allan, Exit Eleonora|She captured the spot of my world’s centre and sent me in elliptic rings about it, causing the ground beneath me to vanish and the breath of my lungs to disperse. I was a rock locked in helpless orbit.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If one abuses or neglects internal powers, external forces will act accordingly.
Nalo Hopkinson, The Salt Roads|They are me, these women. They are the ones who taught me to see; I taught me to see. They, we, are the ones healing the Ginen story, fighting to destroy that cancerous trade in shiploads of African bodies that ever demands to be fed more sugar, more rum, more Nubian gold.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Words do have purpose; they are essential clues in determining actions, or lack thereof.
Richard Ronald Allan, Exit Eleonora|If I could make people feel, just for a day or an hour, what it’s like to love with infiniteness, then they would be animals no longer, but some greater creature, deserving of that title human. I’ve bettered a day though. On earth, they will have it thus: from birth to unavoidable death, a man is pumped so full of love that his eyes bleed rainbows and his mouth a barrel of miracles. His hands will heal then make monuments to commemorate it; they’ll press tight and pray for no man, no god but himself; and his mind… his mind will shower like spring rains. He will steal away from the shadow of ambition. He’ll be his own sun and light up the world with new marvels – be they art, philosophies, science – and in his brightness put the mundane, not himself, in shadows, and how rightfully. Each a captain and a maker, a mark-setter and stealer of shows... Earth’s skies will clap with the thunder of our majesty, not with violence, doubt, confusion, futility, and monotony; anything – anything – but the dull drone of duplication and robo-behaviour.
Richard Ronald Allan, Exit Eleonora|I am inclined to trust you. You shouldn’t be like that with another man, not ever; but I can’t help it. I felt it strongly from the instant I heard your voice; and though I thought momentarily that it would falter, it didn’t. It’s still here. You see, the essence of trust is not knowing a person’s motive; it’s knowing what isn’t. It’s a simple process of trial and error that gets you to the heart of a man; and once that soft voice and those light feet of yours got to moving I saw in you no measure of ill intent.
Nalo Hopkinson, The Salt Roads|We are all here, all the powers of the Ginen lives for all the centuries that they have been in existence, and we all fight. We change when change is needed. We are a little different in each place that the Ginen have come to rest, and any one of is already many powers. No cancer can fell us all, no blight cover us completely.
Alice Walker, Now Is the Time to Open Your Heart|The more powerful the powerful appear the more invisible they become, said Armando. This used to work differently than now. In the old days it was said that the powerful merged with the divine and the divine was all that one saw. But now the powerful have merged with the shadow, really with death, and when you encounter them they are really hard to see.
Amanda  Hudson, Coffee, Tea, and Holy Water: One Woman's Journey to Experience Christianity Around the Globe|Power is Power," Bryan says."People want anything they think will give them an edge.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Made from divinity must mean mindstate to create is intrinsic - no fiction. Stop playin' with your power, your inner 'G', and build on purpose - accordingly. Being free is for free, so force the issue.
Richard Ronald Allan|How would it alter Juliet’s love perception to learn the sea is but a rounded jug of water? Would her sensuous analogy turned simple simile unveil to her the limits of herself? Or would she forget the ocean, that deplorable casket, and turn on the true bottomless tumbler, the only running tap: the sky? It may have lost the title ‘heavens’ when its gods were dethroned, but its infinity reigns. So long as you walk, it reigns. So long as I talk and you listen, there’s a voice and ears to keep it active, moving, and reason to say: look! infinity lives. And when we and the other consciousnesses pass, though it in part dies with us, still it reigns. It will, in a sense, plod on, like a lifeless coffin through its own space, sails set for nothing, unstoppable when trailing its fabric.
Mehmet Murat ildan|No matter how strong you are, there is always another power which can defeat you easily!
irak.ibrahim hussain didi|It seems some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams " haha
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Seeking higher ground is not a destination, but an elevation. Wings up, eyes shut open.
Dennis Lehane|Sympathy’s easy. You have sympathy for starving children swatting at flies on the late-night commercials. Sympathy is easy because it comes from a position of power. Empathy is getting down on your knees and looking someone else in the eye and realizing you could be them, and that all that separates you is luck.
Ally Carter, All Fall Down|Power has always corrupted, my dear. Even the promise of power. It is a hard thing to look at through the fence for hundreds of years without wondering what it would be like on the other side.
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Woman|When things are good in your life, take the time to build and fortify your relationship with the Lord. Never become complacent about your relationship with Him, because there’s always room to grow DEEPER!
Masha Gessen, The Man Without a Face: The Unlikely Rise of Vladimir Putin|It turned out that capitalism alone could make people not only rich and happy but also poor, hungry, miserable, and powerless.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|Roger edged past the chief, only just avoiding pushing him with his shoulder. The yelling ceased, and Samneric lay looking up in quiet terror. Roger advanced upon them as one wielding a nameless authority.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Your words, your thoughts, your imagination: powerful tools. Remember that and use them wisely.
Christopher Buehlman, The Lesser Dead|Envy and respect are not the same things...Before I endow you with respect, I should find out whether your curiosity is intellectual or merely morbid. Not that those who gawk at train derailments are so different from those who conduct autopsies; both want, at some level, to know what has happened, and, by extension, what will happen. Did the liver fail because of the decedent's alcoholism or was some toxin administered? If the deliverer is found, he or she may be imprisoned or, in more honest times, hanged, and thus pose no further threat. Or for the gawker at the accident, espying loose parts not unlike his or her own parts strewn amid wreckage may lead to a sense of awe at death's power, or horror at life's fragility, either of which may be instructive in any number of ways.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Music, brings the soul alive.Music promotes wellness and sound mind.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|Use your natural powers - of persistence, concentration, and insight - to do work you love and work that matters. Solve problems, make art, and think deeply
Cornelia Funke, Inkdeath|.......only the powerful were hated, and that was what he was meant to be in this world.Powerful.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|The hand that mocked them, and the heart that fed:
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|Sometimes violence is necessary to prevent even more violence,” I concluded, almost as if it were an epiphany.
Mercedes Lackey, Oathbreakers|Keth, power brings with it the need to make moral judgments; history proves that. You have no choice but to make those decisions.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Hope, positive wonders.
Eric D. Huntsman, The Miracles of Jesus|Many, if not most, of the miracles recorded in the Gospels can, in fact, be directly connected to the earlier miracle of the Creation. The same Being who, as Jehovah, organized the elements and framed the heavens and the earth was thus, as the Man of Galilee, able to control the winds and the waves. He could change water to wine, multiply loaves and fishes, heal bodies, and restore sight by the same power...that he had exercised in the beginning.
Dallas Willard, The Divine Conspiracy: Rediscovering Our Hidden Life In God|Great power requires great character if it is to be a blessing and not a curse, and that character is something we only grow toward.
Nenia Campbell, Cease and Desist|Subjugation requires vigilance; if you relax your brutality even for a moment, the people you're oppressing will revolt at the first sign of weakness. That's why dictatorial regimes are always a slippery slope of cruelty doomed to end in failure.
Frank Herbert|Don't give over all of your critical faculties to people in power, no matter how admirable those people may appear to be. Beneath the hero's facade you will find a human being who makes human mistakes. Enormous problems arise when human mistakes are made on the grand scale available to a superhero. And sometimes you run into another problem. It is demonstrable that power structures tend to attract people who want power for the sake of power and that a significant proportion of such people are imbalanced — in a word, insane.
Ian Leslie, Curious: The Desire to Know and Why Your Future Depends On It|Ignorance as a deliberate choice, can be used to reinforce prejudice and discrimination.
Brandon Mull, The Rogue Knight|In some ways, it's easier to recognize your power when you're calm and untroubled than when you're distressed. Search out your talent in quiet moments. Don't push too hard. You've done it once. You can do it again.
David Brooks|Almost every successful person begins with two beliefs: the future can be better than the present, and I have the power to make it so.
Rob Liano|When you have passion, you don't need coffee.
Bertrand Russell|For the young, there is nothing unattainable; a good thing desired with the whole force of a passionate will, and yet impossible, is to them not credible. Yet, by death, by illness, by poverty, or by the voice of duty, we must learn, each one of us, that the world was not made for us, and that, however beautiful may be the things we crave, Fate may nevertheless forbid them. It is the part of courage, when misfortune comes, to bear without regretting the ruin of our hopes, to turn away our thoughts from vain regrets. This degree of submission to power is not only just and right: it is the very gate of wisdom.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When you mix with the wrong energy, there's bound to be an explosion. Pay attention and switch lanes when the signal changes. What's really real, is ultimately revealed.
Jenny Nordberg, The Underground Girls of Kabul|Those who control life, and the bodies of women, control the money and hold the power. Women who are kept indoors, cannot make money and will not hold any power.
Clay Christensen|Questions are places in your mind where answers fit. If you haven't asked the question, the answer has nowhere to go.
William Kamkwamba, The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind: Creating Currents of Electricity and Hope|Mister Geoffrey, my experiment shows that the dynamo and the bulb are both working properly," I said. "So why won't the radio play?""I don't know," he said. "Try connecting them here."He was pointing toward a socket on the radio labeled "AC," and when I shoved the wires inside, the radio came to life. We shouted with excitement. As I pedaled the bicycle, I could hear the great Billy Kaunda playing his happy music on Radio Two, and that made Geoffrey start to dance."Keep pedaling," he said. "That's it, just keep pedaling.""Hey, I want to dance, too.""You'll have to wait your turn."Without realizing it, I'd just discovered the difference between alternating and direct current. Of course, I wouldn't know what this meant until much later.After a few minutes of pedaling this upside-down bike by hand, my arm grew tired and the radio slowly died. So I began thinking, "What can do the pedaling for us so Geoffrey and I can dance?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|It is the image of physical brawn, sheer force, and commanding volume we so often associate with might. But I have found the might of an army exists in the faith of a child and in quiet, earnest prayers as well as in the heart of one who loves.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|My People: Prepared and never scared, fueled by faith in a sea of despair - we rise and we shine, 'cause it's like that'!
James Avery Fuchs, Gasoline and Winter|Power belongs in the hands of love, not memories.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|My borrowed power insists that negative situations, too, assist me on the path to greater becoming. It's never about the circumstance(s); these are surface level 'symptomatics'. How we deal with the energy it brings, however, is telling of how we choose to respond. There's no escaping Earth-School lessons. Embrace that it's still about your development, and not the illusion of fear's representative attempting to lead you astray. Be conscious and see free.
Paige Omartian|Lord, my life is but a mist (James 4:14), yet through Your power, the things I give myself to can have an eternal impact. I am Your vessel
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|I am afraid, I cannot and will not 'surrender' to Orthodoxy!!My life in itself is an 'Epic experiment' of nature and new living!!And I am living the 'Great Adventure'..this moment..NOW!!
Ali Fissam|World Peace will be achieved the day Humans, embrace The Power of Love and forgo their Love of Power.
irak.ibrahim hussain didi|i believed that imagination is stronger than knowledge, sometimes that dreams are more powerful than fact,stronger dreams may seized peoples heart with full of amore/love
Cinda Williams Chima, The Sorcerer Heir|Knowledge is power. In the wrong hands, knowledge is trouble.
Criss Jami, Healology|Where everyone wants to be a leader, it makes one a follower to want to be a leader, and a leader to know what to follow.
Peter Santos, Everything I Wanted To Know About Spirituality But Didn't Know How To Ask: A Spiritual Seekers Guidebook|When our will is strong and aligned with Divine intent, there is nothing we cannot do or be. With power and guidance flowing through us, Life becomes an effortless dance as we relinquish control and limitation and allow our Spirit Within to express itself.
Zelda la Grange|To test a man's character, give him power. Once people have power they will always reveal themselves.
Plato, Ion|The reason is that they utter these words of theirs not by virtue of a skill, but by a divine power - otherwise, if they knew how to speak well on one topic thanks to a skill, they would know how to speak about every other topic too.
Carl William Brown, Aforismi contro il potere e la stupidità|I am a scholar of stupidity, so thanks for existing.
Carl William Brown, Aforismi contro il potere e la stupidità|Publicity is the soul of stupidity, but we must not forget that we live in a stupid universe, so publicity is the engine of our world.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|Students didn't much like those who verbally or physically beat the crap out of them. But when researchers began measuring aggression alongside perceived popularity, they found an undeniably strong link. Recent studies conclude that aggressive behaviors are now often associated with high social status. Psychologists no longer view aggression as a last-resort tactic of social misfits. Now they see aggression as a means toward social success. (This does not, however, mean it is admired.)
Eric Liu|This is why it is so fundamental for us right now to grab hold of this idea of power and to democratize it. One of the things that is so profoundly exciting and challenging about this moment is that as a result of this power illiteracy that is so pervasive, there is a concentration of knowledge, of understanding, of clout. I mean, think about it: How does a friendship become a subsidy? Seamlessly, when a senior government official decides to leave government and become a lobbyist for a private interest and convert his or her relationships into capital for their new masters. How does a bias become a policy? Insidiously, just the way that stop-and-frisk, for instance, became over time a bureaucratic numbers game. How does a slogan become a movement? Virally, in the way that the Tea Party, for instance, was able to take the "Don't Tread on Me" flag from the American Revolution, or how, on the other side, a band of activists could take a magazine headline, "Occupy Wall Street," and turn that into a global meme and movement. The thing is, though, most people aren't looking for and don't want to see these realities. So much of this ignorance, this civic illiteracy, is willful. There are some millennials, for instance, who think the whole business is just sordid. They don't want to have anything to do with politics. They'd rather just opt out and engage in volunteerism. There are some techies out there who believe that the cure-all for any power imbalance or power abuse is simply more data, more transparency. There are some on the left who think power resides only with corporations, and some on the right who think power resides only with government, each side blinded by their selective outrage. There are the naive who believe that good things just happen and the cynical who believe that bad things just happen, the fortunate and unfortunate unlike who think that their lot is simply what they deserve rather than the eminently alterable result of a prior arrangement, an inherited allocation, of power.
Eric Liu|Civic imagination and innovation and creativity are emerging from local ecosystems now and radiating outward, and this great innovation, this great wave of localism that's now arriving, and you see it in how people eat and work and share and buy and move and live their everyday lives, this isn't some precious parochialism, this isn't some retreat into insularity, no. This is emergent. The localism of our time is networked powerfully. And so, for instance, consider the ways that strategies for making cities more bike-friendly have spread so rapidly from Copenhagen to New York to Austin to Boston to Seattle. Think about how experiments in participatory budgeting, where everyday citizens get a chance to allocate and decide upon the allocation of city funds. Those experiments have spread from Porto Alegre, Brazil to here in New York City, to the wards of Chicago. Migrant workers from Rome to Los Angeles and many cities between are now organizing to stage strikes to remind the people who live in their cities what a day without immigrants would look like. In China, all across that country, members of the New Citizens' Movement are beginning to activate and organize to fight official corruption and graft, and they're drawing the ire of officials there, but they're also drawing the attention of anti-corruption activists all around the world. In Seattle, where I'm from, we've become part of a great global array of cities that are now working together bypassing government altogether, national government altogether, in order to try to meet the carbon reduction goals of the Kyoto Protocol. All of these citizens, united, are forming a web, a great archipelago of power that allows us to bypass brokenness and monopolies of control.
Duncan Harper, Witch of the Fall|The wyvern swooped, but it was not to rend and tear but rather to bank and stare with one curious beady eye at the bodies of the minds that had touched hers in a way that no human had dared to do for hundreds of years. Such a slender and delicate creature, the wyvern thought, and so young, only a child in her reckoning, and yet with so much power.
Teresa Hampton, Leading Ladies: Willing Hearts, Willing Hands|Remember the power is not in the leader of the group, but in the Creator of the universe.
Thiruman Archunan|The usefulness or otherwise of wealth, status and power to a possessor depends only on a single factor: the nature and strength of his reason.
Aubrey Plaza|Time is money, money is power, power is pizza, and pizza is knowledge, let's go!
Jeanette Coron|I’ve learned that you cannot be bitter and happy. You cannot be pitiful and powerful at the same time, you have to choose one of them. If you’ve had a lot of people that have hurt you, then you won’t help yourself by being bitter, resentful and pitiful about it. Forgiveness is freedom, and forgiveness is power.
Paul Bamikole|I am suprised to a mad extent that people who claim to be intelligent and truth seeking go to church, hear their religious leaders say something, and without vetting it to a reasonable extent swallow it hook and all. Now the church has moved from speaking truth to power but has now aced her game by canvassing for politicians who have no business with God or his people. "by the use of simple propaganda even the most spiritual among us can be sold for the price of an orange," and the church is already falling into this snare. Without sentiments my prayers has been that God should raise us leaders who will futher his enterprise, leaders who will put God and the masses first. So it does not matter if it is Buhari or Jonathan, after all God used Cyrus who was a full blooded gentile(Isaiah 45 verses 1-8) to futher His cause. I strongly urge Nigerians to continue in their prayers for this Jerusalem. Left to some of our religious leaders they will even go the extent of helping God to decide who gets the votes. Let's not allow ourselves to be blinded by the curtains of religion and politics. And instead of using social media to spread bad blood and create feuds, let's encourage and spread the message of peace. Come the D day, we will go out there, vote (at least we have that right), and leave the rest to God. I am a Patriot
Elizabeth Warren, A Fighting Chance|When you have no real power, go public—really public. The public is where the real power is.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Your attitudes, action, reactions and expectations are harboured in the power of your thoughts. Think positively and you will smile at the harvest time.
Emily Palermo|They’ve kept the truth about Persephone a secret,burying it deep below Hercules’s murdered wifeand all of Zeus’s affairs.It’s dangerous, you see, a spark threatening to ignite a long dead flame.Power.She loved her power,the Queen of the Dead,to forever reign in the fires of hell. She wore her crown like a beacon;a beautiful queen,plotting against her king.They never wanted youto know the hunger of Persephone,how she starved for something other than pomegranates.Control.The primal thirst that burns all women’s throats,denied by eons of men.Listen closely to the voice from hell, sweetheart. “You are a queen;don’t wait for a king.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|From the moment I met you, your personality had the most extraordinary influence over me. I was dominated, soul brain and power.
Alexandra Bracken, In The Afterlight|You are your abilities and they are you. I can't put it to you more plainly. Do you know why I hate this cure? It's a statement that what we are is inherently wrong. It's a punishment for something that isn't our fault - all because they can't control their fear about what we can do, anymore than they can control their resentment that there are people out there stronger and more powerful than they are. They want to strip you of yourself - your ability to protect and enforce your right to make decisions about your life. Your own body. Mark my words: in the end, it won't be a choice. They'll decide this for you.
Tim Fargo|If you want to have the time of your life, change how you use the time in your life.
Peter Kreeft|Music is more powerful than reason in the soul. That is also why Plato made music the very first step in his long educational curriculum: good music was to create the harmony of soul that would be a ripe field for the higher harmony of reason to take root in later. And that is also why he said that the decay of the ideal state would begin with a decay in music. In fact, one of your obscure modern scholars has shown that social and political revolutions have usually been preceded by musical revolutions, and why another sage said, 'Let me write the songs of a nation and I care not who writes its laws.
Dan Abnett, Doctor Who: The Silent Stars Go By|Rebuild your world, rebuild your race, rebuild your empire. Rebuild it all. But make sure you rebuild your ideals too. Rebuild the principles that made you a great and honorable galactic power in the first place. Don't prey on the weak. Don't steal from the helpless. Don't murder the innocent. Be a force for good, not a force for yourself.
Marcus Sakey, Brilliance|That was the lure of wealth, he'd discovered: a throaty whisper in your ear that you were special, that it was all - this wine, this woman, this world - for you. That it in some way existed only so that you might partake of it.
Neal Stephenson, The System of the World|Is power like the vis viva and the quantite d’avancement? That is, is it conserved by the universe, or is it like shares of a stock, which may have great value one day, and be worthless the next? If power is like stock shares, then it follows that the immense sum thereof lately lost by B[olingbroke] has vanished like shadows in sunlight. For no matter how much wealth is lost in stock crashes, it never seems to turn up, but if power is conserved, then B’s must have gone somewhere. Where is it? Some say ‘twas scooped up by my Lord R, who hid it under a rock, lest my Lord M come from across the sea and snatch it away. My friends among the Whigs say that any power lost by a Tory is infallibly and insensibly distributed among all the people, but no matter how assiduously I search the lower rooms of the clink for B’s lost power, I cannot seem to find any there, which explodes that argument, for there are assuredly very many people in those dark salons. I propose a novel theory of power, which is inspired by . . . the engine for raising water by fire. As a mill makes flour, a loom makes cloth and a forge makes steel, so we are assured this engine shall make power. If the backers of this device speak truly, and I have no reason to deprecate their honesty, it proves that power is not a conserved quantity, for of such quantities, it is never possible to make more. The amount of power in the world, it follows, is ever increasing, and the rate of increase grows ever faster as more of these engines are built. A man who hordes power is therefore like a miser who sits on a heap of coins in a realm where the currency is being continually debased by the production of more coins than the market can bear. So that what was a great fortune, when first he raked it together, insensibly becomes a slag heap, and is found to be devoid of value. When at last he takes it to the marketplace to be spent. Thus my Lord B and his vaunted power hoard what is true of him is likely to be true of his lackeys, particularly his most base and slavish followers such as Mr. Charles White. This varmint has asserted that he owns me. He fancies that to own a man is to have power, yet he has got nothing by claiming to own me, while I who was supposed to be rendered powerless, am now writing for a Grub Street newspaper that is being perused by you, esteemed reader.
C.J. Cherryh, Fortress of Dragons|It lent a Man a certain peace of mind... to ride through threats and terrors unhearing: it even lent a man a certain real protection, for he could not hear temptation and bad advice to be swayed by it, but it was no protection at all when power reached out with tangible results and brought down the lightning.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Redesign your image, make it brighter! You can’t wait for any other time, any other person or any other skill. Once you are convinced about your personal power, you can enter the race and change the course of flow.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|My definition for GOD that works for me is “Pure Energy, Supreme Consciousness.” The highest resolution of pure energy we use is the sensation we call “love.
Hock G. Tjoa, Agamemnon Must Die|One needs to be beyond love and above humanity to wield power, or so I sometimes think.
Tairrie B.|I strike terror among men, I can't be bothered by what they think.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|To be undefeated, to primer is to learn the game for not just your talents but for the game itself.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|Do not settle; open up yourself by surrendering to creating your own kind of success ALL THE WAY! Whether you have superior or less-than-average skills, you will cultivate your success story through determination and consistency.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|Entrepreneurs are innovators, visionaries—generators of new ideas turning into coinage
Steve Goodier|Your power to choose can never be taken from you. It can be neglected and it can be ignored. But if used, it can make all the difference.
William Shakespeare, Othello|As I am an honest man, I thought you had received some bodily wound. There is more sense in that than in reputation. Reputation is an idle and most false imposition, oft got without merit and lost without deserving.
Dougie Brimson, Top Dog|When you lived on the wrong side of the law, information, however vague or apparently meaningless, was everything. It gave you leverage. And leverage was power.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Compassion is even more powerful than courage. Sure, with courage you can conquer a world - but only with compassion can you heal and build it.
Morton Shaevitz, Refire! Don't Retire: Make the Rest of Your Life the Best of Your Life|There’s nothing wrong with accumulating wealth, receiving recognition for your efforts, and having some power and status--what’s wrong is when you think that’s who you are.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|There are five people you meet in heaven," the Blue Man suddenly said. "Each of us was in your life for a reason. You may not have known the reason at the time, and that is what heaven is for. For understanding your life on Earth."Eddie looked confused."People think of heaven as a paradise garden, a place where they can float on clouds and laze in rivers and mountains. But scenery without solace is meaningless."This is the greatest gift God can give you: To understand what happened in your life. To have it explained. It is the peace you have been searching for.
Through action anti-advocates are made believers even though that isn t a goal Right Your goal is an|Through action anti-advocates are made believers, even though that isn’t a goal, Right! Your goal is and should always be to fulfill your own expectations and exceed them.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|I've heard many say "I'll sell my soul to the Devil"in hopes of gaining money, power or fame.Why do they think that they have that much worth over any other person?And the Devil if there is one wouldn't simply wait for them to condemn themselves on their own
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|Be thankful for your achievements; be thankful for your accomplishments, no matter how big or small. Be thankful for the mind to complete the accomplishments. Be thankful for your past, present, and future. And know that if you are creating success stories you will find that average is how you began, above average is then where you will stand! Lest you forget the strong develop and improve; the weak get frantic, digress and deviate.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|If you believe that you are not omnipresent, omniscient, and ultimately omnipotent, then you are deluded.
David Nicholls, One Day|Keep the change," he smiled. Was there ever a more empowering phrase than "Keep the change"?
K. Aberanthy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|There are opportunities for all of us, we just have to open our eyes and hold ourselves completely accountable
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|..be able and willing to action regardless of all trauma, all the No’s, and non-supporters one could headache and pain on.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|if you are not a fan of great consumer service, then you are not a fan of business ultimately not making you a fan of money.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|Ultimately, having what we want is our liability. It is no one else’s. Purge the blame game. Everyone has a legitimate reason why they CAN’T get something done. It’s the will to get it done REGARDLESS.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|Exceed, succeed, outdo, overdo, all with a smile.
Eddie Campbell|I think in the corridors of power these dangerous kinds of orders are issued in a much more vague way, passed down two or three levels of command before they're given to the assassin.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|Entrepreneurs, let’s begin to turn our desire and design into reward.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|Pick the paper off the floor, throw it in the trash, study—even if you think you already know the subject, say thank you for an act of kindness, and be the support you want to receive. You want to become a master of the mundane, making it easier to be a sorcerer of success.
Amy Poehler|If you are lucky, there is a moment in your life when you have some say as to what your currency is going to be. I decided early on it was not going to be my looks.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|The lion does not need the whole world to fear him, only those nearest where he roams.
Hiro Mashima|As she sustained wound after wound...the fairy should have fallen, but instead, she danced. This was Titania, the Fairy Queen.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Our emotions hold more power over us than blade or poison alike. To embrace freely the entire spectrum of our emotions is to allow a multitude of Trojan horses containing hidden emotional poisons to circumvent the walls of rationalization – walls we need to protect our trust, confidence, understanding, and self-control.
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Woman|There is no neutral position in the Lord. You are either becoming more like Christ every day or you’re becoming less like Him. That’s because whether you realize it or not, you’re never standing still.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Like tiny gods, all that we say and do holds a power so great that any one of us in any given moment can be responsible for the birth of a new civilization or the collapse of our own.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|No army is comprised of all the same kinds of units or types of troops. There is power in diversity. If you always see only one choice, or use only one option, you will surely lose more than you win.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Always think at least two steps ahead [in everything, with everyone].
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|There is immense power in an idea, because it unites people. It motivates them toward change. But the real power lies in their unity, in coming together – if enough can be rallied to a cause, no matter how ridiculous, it will be seen and heard.
Malcolm X|Many people in this country who want to see us the minority, and who don’t want to see us taking too militant or too uncompromising a stand, are absolutely against the successful regrouping or organising of any faction in this country whose thought and whose thinking pattern is international rather than national… There’s a world wide revolution going on, it goes beyond Mississippi, it goes beyond Alabama, it goes beyond Harlem. What is it revolting against? The power structure. The American power structure? No. The French power structure? No. The English power structure? No. Then, what power structure? An international Western power structure.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|[Everything you write is] not simply a collection of words, but a means of influence not to be taken lightly. Let your recipient's emotions be the gondola, and your words, its gondolier.
Jay Woodman|My power is everywhere propping up illusions, but I'm taking it back by letting go of them & just riding the stallion into wonderland. Let's see what you've got to say about the darkness in the mountains, I wonder if you know you can just turn it all to light. As we ride through the valley can you see the same water flowing that I do, or do dust clouds conceal it and block up your nose & throat? You're so thirsty for the end of the journey but I don't want you to miss the magic on the road.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|When you give people a choice, they believe they have power.
Hannah Arendt, On Violence|To sum up: politically speaking, it is insufficient to say that power and violence are not the same. Power and violence are opposites; where the one rules absolutely, the other is absent.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Fear is for the powerless. Fear is for the alone. But as you stand together now, you are neither of those. Together, you amplify each other’s strengths; you nullify each other’s weaknesses.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Competition works best in sports, but humans get addicted to stuff.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Perspective alone can make an experience positive or negative, but regardless of which you let it become, it can only have as much power over your outlook on life as you give it.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Gaining satisfaction through accomplishments is and will always be a slippery slope, because there will come a time when you realize you have accomplished all that is within your power to accomplish in the realm of good, and will have nowhere else to turn but to the realms of greed and powerlust to find the satisfaction you crave.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Power and influence: things that should be obtained not for means of greed, nor pride, nor ego, but rather to ensure that in the right moment, when your wisdom and benevolence are required to keep humanity strong and united, you can deliver and orchestrate others toward the greater good.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Emotional states change like the wind, and to indulge them only gives them more power over a person.
Diriye Osman|As her body expanded so did her interior landscape. She imagined minarets, skyscrapers, entire cities being constructed inside her. Thighs thickened, belly became basketball-sized, buttocks deepened with dimples. Even her taste-buds shifted, and she held her tongue out for crushed ice, chalk, charcoal.
Sam pen|There is no bigger weapon than brain, yet the time is more powerful in the World.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|Celaena opened her arms wide, Goldryn burning bright in one hand. “Behold my power, Maeve. Behold what I grapple with in the deep dark, what prowls under my skin.”Celaena exhaled a breath and extinguished each and every flame in the
Debasish Mridha|To strengthen your power of love,Love those who do not deserve your love.
Huseyn Raza|My dearest friend Abigail, These probably could be the last words I write to you and I may not live long enough to see your response but I truly have lived long enough to live forever in the hearts of my friends. I thought a lot about what I should write to you. I thought of giving you blessings and wishes for things of great value to happen to you in future; I thought of appreciating you for being the way you are; I thought to give sweet and lovely compliments for everything about you; I thought to write something in praise of your poems and prose; and I thought of extending my gratitude for being one of the very few sincerest friends I have ever had. But that is what all friends do and they only qualify to remain as a part of the bunch of our loosely connected memories and that's not what I can choose to be, I cannot choose to be lost somewhere in your memories. So I thought of something through which I hope you will remember me for a very long time. I decided to share some part of my story, of what led me here, the part we both have had in common. A past, which changed us and our perception of the world. A past, which shaped our future into an unknown yet exciting opportunity to revisit the lost thoughts and to break free from the libido of our lost dreams. A past, which questioned our whole past. My dear, when the moment of my past struck me, in its highest demonised form, I felt dead, like a dead-man walking in flesh without a soul, who had no reason to live any more. I no longer saw any meaning of life but then I saw no reason to die as well. I travelled to far away lands, running away from friends, family and everyone else and I confined myself to my thoughts, to my feelings and to myself. Hours, days, weeks and months passed and I waited for a moment of magic to happen, a turn of destiny, but nothing happened, nothing ever happens. I waited and I counted each moment of it, thinking about every moment of my life, the good and the bad ones. I then saw how powerful yet weak, bright yet dark, beautiful yet ugly, joyous yet grievous; is a one single moment. One moment makes the difference. Just a one moment. Such appears to be the extreme and undisputed power of a single moment. We live in a world of appearance, Abigail, where the reality lies beyond the appearances, and this is also only what appears to be such powerful when in actuality it is not. I realised that the power of the moment is not in the moment itself. The power, actually, is in us. Every single one of us has the power to make and shape our own moments. It is us who by feeling joyful, celebrate for a moment of success; and it is also us who by feeling saddened, cry and mourn over our losses. I, with all my heart and mind, now embrace this power which lies within us. I wish life offers you more time to make use of this power. Remember, we are our own griefs, my dear, we are our own happinesses and we are our own remedies.Take care!Love,Francis.Title: Letter to AbigailScene: "Death-bed"Chapter: The Road To Awe
Debasish Mridha|Write something simple like water, it will have the power to change you and the world.
Gore Vidal|With modern technology it is the easiest of tasks for a media, guided by a narrow group of political manipulators, to speak constantly of democracy and freedom while urging regime changes everywhere on earth but at home. A curious condition of a republic based roughly onthe original Roman model is that it cannot allow true political parties to share in government. What then is a true political party: one that is based firmly in the interest of a class be it workers or fox hunters. Officially we have two parties which are in fact wings of a common party of property with two right wings. Corporate wealth finances each. Since the property party controls every aspect of media they have had decades to create a false reality for a citizenry largely uneducated by public schools that teach conformity with an occasional advanced degree in consumerism.
Debasish Mridha|Simplicity and humility, not power or status, will bring you joy and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|You are my loveMy source of joyYou are the joy You are the love Every chamber of your heart is like a flower, blooming and blooming Spreading love with the wind of thoughts I am floating in those divinely pure thoughts and feeling the happinessWhen I am in deep love, I gain the power of love, When I feel beloved, I feel divine happiness.
Ursula K. Le Guin|We live in capitalism. Its power seems inescapable. So did the divine right of kings. Any human power can be resisted and changed by human beings. Resistance and change often begin in art, and very often in our art, the art of words.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Lao Tzu's first paragraph in the book "Tao Te Ching" is that the Tao that can be told is not the absolute Tao.Lao Tzu has his own logic, the logic of paradoxes, the logic of life.To understand Tao, you will have to create eyes.Lao Tzu believes in the unity of opposites, because that is how life is.The Tao can be communicated, but it can only be communicated from heart to heart, from being to being, from love to love, from silence to silence.Truth is always realized in silence. In silence, the truth is realized.You reach to truth through silence.All spiritual books tries to say something that can not be said in the hope that a thirst, a longing, is created in your heart to know the truth.Tao is totality. Life exists through the tension of the opposites, the meeting of the opposites.Lao Tzu says that the opposite poles of life are not really opposites, but complementaries.Thinking is always of opposites. Lao Tzu says: drop the split attitude. Be simple.And when you are simple, you do not choose. Lao Tzu says: be choiceless, let life flow.Enjoy both poles in life, and then your life becomes a symphony of opposites.How to drop the mind: do not choose. If you do not choose, the mind drops.Live life as it comes - float. Float with life. Enjoy the moment in its totality,It is to live as part of the whole, to live as part of existence.If you become silent and empty, everything will come on it's own accord.When you live without any desire for power, position, fame or success, the whole existence pours down into your emptiness.
Jill Lepore|And that's the point; not even girls want to be girls so long as our feminine archetype lacks force, strength and power. Not wanting to be girls, they don't want to be tender, submissive, peace-loving as good women are. Women's strong qualities have become despised because of their week ones.
Scott Lynch, Rogues|You have to be a dead-eyed dirty-souled maniac to want to spend your extended life trading punches with other maniacs. Once you've seized that power, there's no getting off the merry-go-round. You fight like hell just to hold on or you get shoved off.
Ellen F. Davis|Agrarians are committed to preserving both communities and the material means of life, to cultivating practices that ensure that the essential means of life suffice for all members of the present generation and are not diminished for those who come after. Agrarianism in this sense is, and has nearly always been, a marginal culture existing at the edge or under the domination of a larger culture whose ideology, social system, and economy are fundamentally different. So agrarian writers, both ancient and modern, always speak with a vivid awareness of the threat posed by the culture of the powerful.
Jonathan DeCollibus, Unlimited Influence: Sell Any Idea One on One|Every deal can be closed. Every prospect can become a buyer. Every no can turn into a yes. In any market. In any economy. There is always an angle. There is always another attempt. There is no law against how much you can prospect, or how many times you can try to close a deal. There are more than enough ideas and millions of resources and billions of people out there to make any dream that you want, a reality. The only mental chain that will ever imprison you in a life of scarcity, is a belief that there is not enough, or that there is not a way to make what you want possible.  This chapter is going to awaken and stir up a monster of influence and achievement inside you. This monster works by being totally aware of all the resources that you have at your disposal, and not being afraid to any means to influence. ”Excerpt From: “Unlimited Influence: Sell Any Idea One On One - Chapter: Gun To Your Head
Sheryl Sandberg|Taking risks, choosing growth, challenging ourselves, and asking for promotions (with smiles on our faces, of course) are all important elements of managing a career. One of my favorite quotes comes from author Alice Walker, who observed, "The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any."Do not wait for power to be offered. Like that tiara, it might never materialize. And anyway, who wears a tiara on a jungle gym?
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|The power to give everything or take it all away is the inborn power contained in every confident woman’s grasp – the only way for a man to regain that power, is to keep her happy enough that she forgets she even has it.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|The power of an idea is never to be underestimated. Many a thought has survived long after its host has ceased to be. It is the power of an idea that no shield can defend against, nor sword divide, nor poison infect. As such, we must aspire to create ideas, rather than preserve life. In a sense, this is how we achieve true immortality and live on past our time.
Kester Brewin, Other: Loving Self, God And Neighbour In A World Of Fractures|Jesus’ incarnation and ministry thus present us with the final critique of strategic religion; on the cross, where we see God almost deliberately ‘lose’ – as if duped into being strung up by a scheming, fearful group of clerics – we see the end of power games. God will not play. I sincerely believe that if the Church allows itself to be tied up in strategies, into ‘winning’ people for Christ, it will end inexorably moving towards power-politics, towards support for wars, and away from genuine concern for the ‘other’.
Jay Woodman|5 words of advice to reduce stress - "Connect with your Soul's power" or "Change your reality through Coaching".
Jonathan DeCollibus, Unlimited Influence: Sell Any Idea One on One|Your level of audacity affects how well they perceive your idea.  Audacity in asking means that you ask for what you actually want. When you are in the heat of the conversation, and things are getting real, and the yes and no affects your bank account, you will sometimes feel a temptation to be safe, rather than... sorry.  What a bullshit phrase, by the way. I’d rather die in the pursuit of my peak potential, than live forever in a mediocre, average way.”Excerpt From: “Unlimited Influence: Sell Any Idea One On One.
Deborah Meyler, The Bookstore|But in this case,” he continues, tracing the line of the plasterwork with one finger, “I feel that there is one cliché that sums up my position so admirably that it would be pure egotism to attempt a more interesting periphrasis. Plain speaking, therefore, there is to be.“There is undoubtedly a strong possibility, notwithstanding the vagaries of contingency and misfortune, that my son mighthave fallen—or might, we could say, have voluntarily jumped, in accordance with the ethical codes with which he has been brought up—for a play you have made with some success, although, as I am persuaded you would concede, very little originality.”Plain speaking if you’re Henry James, perhaps.
Marlene Steinberg|Escape from reality. In some instances, dissociation induces people to imagine that they have some kind of mastery over intractable environmental difficulties. Dissociation is often implicated in magical thinking or self-induced trance states. This aspect of dissociation is frequently found in abuse survivors. It is not uncommon for abused children to engage in magical thinking to retain an illusion of control over the situation (e.g., believing that they "cause" the perpetrator to act out).
Steven Erikson|Laws decide wich forms of oppression are allowed, Lord. And because of that, those laws are servants to those in power, for whom oppression is given as a right over those who have little or no power.
Robert Greene|Power rarely ends up in the hands of those who start a revolution, or even those who further it; power sticks to those who bring it to a conclusion
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|We have the power to change voluntarily, and there is something wonderful and awe-inspiring about that power.
Marie Lu|I belong to no one. On this night, I swear to you that I will rise above everything you’ve ever taught me. I will become a force that this world has never known. I will come into such power that none will dare hurt me again.
Gene Simmons|Women, you have all this power, I’m telling you. In business, you have something called an inferred fiduciary duty to yourself. Look at the other hugely successful women in industry, commerce, science and everywhere else and you’ll see women who are feminine, beautiful but also do not rely on men for their self-empowerment.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The vanities of life:pleasure, possession, position and power.
Jack Cady|You can speak truth to power, . . . but when you speak truth to weakness, weakness gets mad and queasy. It accuses you of its own insecurity.""The Off Season: A Victorian Sequel
Amanda Helm|Don’t be so vain to think that you ruined me,that you wrecked me,destroyed me.I am the only one who has the power to do that.—Amanda Helm,
Orrin Woodward|Access to unlimited funds by a government, not surprisingly, leads to an unlimited government.
Oppong Amankwaa|If you want to succeed in making a son of Africa stupid, simply give him power or money. But If you intend to make him more stupid, then give him the two.
honeya|Everyone says "i will never" and "one should never" but, actually, "No one can Resist Miss-using Power (at-least ones) when they have it".
Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan|Wealth is not money. Wealth lies in men. This is where true power lies, the power we value. This is what has convinced us to direct all our resources to building the individual, and to using the wealth which God has provided us in the service of the nation.
Junaid Raza|When weakness becomes power, it leads you to success.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|You have the power to shape your life the way that you want it to be. Every thought, every word, every action guides you with a purpose. And that purpose is to fulfill your destiny. Some may say you're just a dreamer, but everything imagined begins with a dream.
Lesley Howarth|Power is lonely. Power stands apart. I have power. Therefore, I'm lonely.
Naishadh A. Gajjar|Respect of power is Important, But it shouldn't turn to Cowardice.
Cory Duchesne|What people instinctively regard as cool is real power - consistency. Pathetic is not cool. Being locked in a tragedy, but not knowing it. That's lameness.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|You can use songs, scriptures and godly pictures to chart your thought-course in the right direction.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|Every woman feels that the greater her power over a man, the more impossible it is to leave him except by sudden flight: a fugitive precisely because a queen.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|You are the guardian and custodian of your heart, remember this always!
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Your future is dependent on your thought today, therefore think good and lovely thoughts now!
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|When your thought is right, your imaginations will be colourful; you will then dream and not have nightmares!
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|We are advised to meditate on things that are true, lovely, noble, gracious and bring good report. These should form the basis of our thought pattern.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Think on blessings and not curses, beauty not ugliness, health not sickness. Meditate on wealth not poverty, success not failure, grace not disgrace!
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Use the powerful tool of thought and develop your mindset to believing and knowing you can change anything to your favour; yes, you have God`s Word so fashion your thought according to God`s Word.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|You create and plan your thought by seeing, reading and hearing the right things.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Learn to live from inside to outside, bring out those magnificent estates within you and live in them.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Our thoughts create our lifestyle, if you live healthy, it means you think healthy thoughts and if you think unhealthy thoughts, it will reflect in your health and lifestyle too.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Thought is the mental imagery of what you want to do, have or achieve.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Choose your thoughts, carve them in your mind and fix your gaze on them always.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Always set your mind to think thoughts of victory even before the battle begins, this way you will experience limitless possibilities.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Wrong thinking will take your life the wrong way, channeling your thoughts to the right direction will cause you to soar in life.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|There may be something going on in your life right now, that seems like a giant, so big that you think it's impossible to conquer. But, remember no matter how gigantic your problems may be, you have everything in you to overcome. You have the power to say to that mountain move, get out my way. Activate your faith, and watch it happen. The victory is yours!
Tim Clinton, Break Through: When to Give In, How to Push Back: The Moment that Changes Everything|Often, our misunderstandings about love are born in disruptive family relationships, where someone was either one-up or one-down to an extreme. There is an appropriate and necessary difference in the balance of power between parents and young children, but in the best situations, there should be no power struggles by the time those children have become adults - just deep connection, trust, and respect between people who sincerely care about each other.In disruptive families, children are taught to remain one-up or one-down into adulthood. And this produces immature adults who either seek to dominate others (one-up) or who allow themselves to be dominated (one-down) in their relationships - one powerful and one needy, one enabling and one addicted, one decisive and one confused.In relationships with these people, manipulation abounds. Especially when they start to feel out of control.
Moffat Machingura, Life Capsules|There is the pain that made me cry, and then there is the strength that made me stop crying.So I am glad the pain camebecause without it I would not have discovered my strength.
Michael Makai, The Warrior Princess Submissive|Some people believe that it isn’t so much power that is exchanged in TPE, as it is authority. The intrinsic difference between power and authority can best be explained thusly: If we were talking about a car, then power would be what was under the hood. Exercising that power would mean taking the car out for a spin. Having the authority to do so might involve a driver’s license, possessing the keys, or having the title and registration.
Lierre Keith|Resistance is a simple concept: power, unjust and immoral, is confronted and dismantled. The powerful are denied their right to hurt the less powerful. Domination is replaced by equity in a shift or substitution of institutions. That shift eventually forms new human relationships, both personally and across society.
George Orwell, Shooting an Elephant|For it is the condition of his rule that he shall spend his life trying to impress the 'natives,' and so in every crisis he has got to do what the 'natives' expect of him... A sahib has got to act like a sahib; he has got to appear resolute, to know his own mind and do definite things.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|I have to know, I have to or else you will just rule me until the end of everything because you know and I do not.
Katie Renee Ward|When you accidentally assert power over someone or something, one of two things will happen: 1) you will be respected; or 2) you will be hated
Raphael Zernoff|When we choose to operate on the frequency of compassion and kindness, we create, and reinforce our own reality, as filled with compassion and kindness. I refer here to the idea of unconditional compassion and kindness. It means that we can choose to react to any situation, as negative as it may seem to be, with kindness and understanding. Whenever someone chooses to be rude to us, there is no need for us to respond with rudeness. A moment of self-reflection can remind us that fire fought with fire only increases the heat. The more often we practice our conscious positive response, to any situation, our automatic negative reactions are gradually being replaced with a conscious decision to act in the most loving way we can conceive at the moment.
Prabhukrishna M|There are only two classes of people. "The Clear", powered by their confusion and "The Confused", powered by their clarity
Agnostic Zetetic|It’s the process of being minimized, invalidated, silenced. It’s the process of being subjected to whatever someone else thinks I owe them. It’s the process of being used, examined, explored, and thrown away. It’s the process of being convinced to comply with the orders of someone who does not see me as their equal, someone who sees nothing wrong with the notion that I’m somehow lesser than they are. Rape isn’t about sex; it’s about all those other things. It’s about power.
Christopher Hitchens|His style as a writer places him in the category of the immortals, and his courage as a critic outlives the bitter battles in which he engaged. As a result, we use the word 'Orwellian' in two senses: The first describes a nightmare state, a dystopia of untrammelled power; the second describes the human qualities that are always ranged in resistance to such regimes, and that may be more potent and durable than we sometimes dare to think.
Louis L'Amour, The Walking Drum|Many a small man is considered good while he remains small, but let power come to him, and he becomes a raging fury.
Mark Curtis, Unpeople: Britain's Secret Human Rights Abuses|The principle victims of British policies are Unpeople—those whose lives are deemed worthless, expendable in the pursuit of power and commercial gain. They are the modern equivalent of the ‘savages’ of colonial days, who could be mown down by British guns in virtual secrecy, or else in circumstances where the perpetrators were hailed as the upholders of civilisation.
Let Your Feelings Be Your Guide by Esther and Jerry Hicks|Just let go of the oars. Whenyou‘re no longer paddling against the Current, when you release your oars and relax into your ownnatural Well-Being, the Current, which is ever moving in the direction of that which you havebecome and all that you want, will carry you toward your desires.
Walter Raleigh|All, or the greatest part of men that have aspired to riches or power, have attained thereunto either by force or fraud, and what they have by craft or cruelty gained, to cover the foulness of their fact, they call purchase, as a name more honest. Howsoever, he that for want of will or wit useth not those means, must rest in servitude and poverty.
|Throughout the 1980's, we did hear too much about individual gain and the ethos of selfishness and greed. We did not hear enough a bout how to be a good member of a community, to define the common good and to repair the social contract. And we also found that while prosperity does not trickle down from the most powerful to the rest of us, all too often indifference and even intolerance do.
Bee Ridgway, The River of No Return|Sex only makes people more like themselves. A powerful, secretive woman becomes only more powerful and more secretive in the throes of passion.
Sue Fitzmaurice|The real you, the inner you, loves and adores you; but you cut off that power when you think badly of yourself.
Sue Fitzmaurice|You can be inspired by others, but when you're inspired from within then you have real power for change.
Richard M. Weaver, Ideas Have Consequences|Man is constantly being assured today that he has more power than ever before in history, but his daily experience is one of powerlessness.
Hanif Kureishi, The Buddha of Suburbia|I began to enjoy my own generosity; I felt the pleasure of pleasing others, especially as this was accompanied by money-power. I was paying for them; they were grateful, they had to be; and they could no longer see me as a failure.
Sue Fitzmaurice|When your position is one of peace, then you're truly powerful.
Isaac Newton|For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.
Sue Fitzmaurice|If we really are spiritual beings living a physical existence, then we have incredible power.
Jean Vanier, Eruption to Hope|You see what I am driving at. The mentally handicapped do not have a consciousness of power. Because of this perhaps their capacity for love is more immediate, lively and developed than that of other men. They cannot be men of ambition and action in society and so develop a capacity for friendship rather than for efficiency. They are indeed weak and easily influenced, because they confidently give themselves to others; they are simple certainly, but often with a very attractive simplicity. Their first reaction is often one of welcome and not of rejection or criticism. Full of trust, they commit themselves deeply. Who amongst us has not been moved when met by the warm welcome of our boys and girls, by their smiles, their confidence and their outstretched arms. Free from the bonds of conventional society, and of ambition, they are free, not with the ambitious freedom of reason, but with an interior freedom, that of friendship. Who has not been struck by the rightness of their judgments upon the goodness or evil of men, by their profound intuition on certain human truths, by the truth and simplicity of their nature which seeks not so much to appear to be, as to be. Living in a society where simplicity has been submerged by criticism and sometimes by hypocrisy, is it not comforting to find people who can be aware, who can marvel? Their open natures are made for communion and love.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Whatever you dream, you can achieve it provided it is the will of God for you. Once the Lord Jehovah is in approval of it, just dream it; He placed the power in you to do it abundantly!
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|See failure as an opportunity to try again with a relatively powerful approach, skill, knowledge and conviction. Redefine yourself.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Bread We Eat in Dreams|And hell, sometimes the best thing is to put on a black dress and become a wicked stepmother. There’s power in that, if you’re after power.
Bruce Crown, Forlorn Passions|The car housed a hysterical bumper sticker: Save the Planet, and I permitted a moment of contemplation to truly bask in this thought. Save the planet? What a joke. Save the planet from what? From ourselves? And save it for what? For ourselves? It was a kind of perpetual stupidity in a tug-of-war battle over trivial matters. Only imbeciles see things in black and white: liberal or conservative, yes or no, this or that. Those in power laugh at those people in their morally inverted shades of grey, basking in the labels they've created so the people are easier to control.
Donna Lynn Hope|Power, a paycheck and control do sick things to those who have the illusion of possessing it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|See with a different eye, visualize with a colorful mind, manifest your thoughts with the energy within.
Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence|It takes a lot of time, focus and energy to realize the enormity of being the ocean with your very own tide every month. However, by honoring the demands of bleeding, our blood gives something in return. The crazed bitch from irritation hell recedes. In her place arises a side of ourselves with whom we may not—at first—be comfortable. She is a vulnerable, highly perceptive genius who can ponder a given issue and take her world by storm. When we’re quiet and bleeding, we stumble upon the solutions to dilemmas that’ve been bugging us all month. Inspiration hits and moments of epiphany rumba ‘across de tundra of our senses. In this mode of existence one does not feel antipathy towards a bodily ritual so profoundly and routinely reinforces our cuntpower.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|On Andrew Jackson: "His native strength compelled every man to be his tool that came within his reach; and the more cunning the individual might be, it served only to make him a sharper tool.
|My kingdom has fallen because I had built it with power,but the kingdom of Jesus Christ will last forever because it was built on love. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Noam Chomsky, Government in the Future|I think maybe the classic formulation was by David Hume in "Of the First Principles of Government," where he pointed out that "Force is always on the side of the governed." Whether it's a military society, a partially free society, or what we - not he - would call a totalitarian state, it's the governed who have the power. And the rulers have to find ways to keep them from using their power. Force has its limits, so they have to use persuasion. They have to somehow find ways to convince people to accept authority. If they aren't able to do that, the whole thing is going to collapse.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|You will learn, but you have to act. You will be given, but you have to receive. Stretch your hands and take up your laurels by the power put in you!
Cliff James, Of Bodies Changed|One way or another, we spend our whole lives being conditioned into accepting some line or order, some position of domination or subjection. It’s hard to unlearn such hierarchy, to undo such control. It’s implicit.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Never give up.This applies to more than goals and dreams, it is a maxim for basic daily struggles. It shapes one's life, including the will to continue to live. It supports love and committed relationships; it bolsters hope, faith, and charity; it is power in every area of existence. Never give up on anything or anyone of any worth, especially yourself.
Cheryl Matthynssens, The Blackguard|Words have power, my son. Words can cut to the heart and soothe the deepest hurts. They can be puzzles that leave another pondering for days. I prefer to cast my spells of words in ways that make others think. It is a fault, I fear, that has come with age.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Knowledge is power, as some say. But on some days it is just as much pain and confusion as it is power; and any wise man worth his salt as a wise man at least understands this. One may be able to comprehend all the human perspectives in the universe, but this gives more to decipher regarding what is actually true; and even after discovering the truth, the challenge is in maintaining a patience for the infinite number of opinions that do not reflect that truth. Its consistency in man is challenge. A worldly knowledge ends at the former challenge of confusion, but the knowledge of Christ ends at the latter challenge of patience.
Cliff James, Of Bodies Changed|Olympus is still a patriarchy. Zeus heads his royal household as jealously as Jehovah rules his harem of dull, harp-playing angels. Both are templates for order on earth, don’t you think?
William Barrett, Irrational Man: A Study in Existential Philosophy|This capacity for living easily and familiarly at an extraordinary level of abstraction is the source of modern man's power. With it he has transformed the planet, annihilated space, and trebled the world's population. But it is also a power which has, like everything human, its negative side, in the desolating sense of rootlessness, vacuity, and the lack of concrete feeling that assails modern man in his moments of real anxiety.
Anihyr Moonstar|I suppose...my experience with organized faith of any stripe is somewhat stilted," Baisyl admitted. 'As far as my eyes have seen, it's a conglomeration of power-hungry men who self-appoint themselves the sole dictators of how others should live their lives in order to best please forces far beyond their control..
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|It is astounding what power being kind, mannered, polite and considerate has in transforming your life.
Obiora Embry|Knowledge is power and at the end of the day, our health, the health of our children, the health of our community, and the health of Mother Earth is our responsibility. Therefore, it is imperative that we understand the human and environmental affects of the products that we buy.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Spirituality is like a thin-thin thread, that if delicately followed guides us from darkness to light; from poverty to abundance and from destruction to safety.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The secret to unseating great power, is not to move the other direction, but to compete directly against their goals.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|A moment of truth is very powerful. Instead of smiling to be polite, just frown. Instead of laughing when you are nervous or uncomfortable, just speak your truth. Instead of acting like everything is all right, proclaim it isn't alright, and talk about your feelings! Honor your truth. Honor yourself. Be real.
Emily Thorne|Power can be hoarded by the mighty or stolen from the innocent.Power provides the ability to choose. But has a proclivity for corruption. The use of power is not to be taken lightly, for it is never without consequence.
Chris Burkmenn|If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you blame others, you are affirming that you have no power, and your existence is only a reaction to the power of others.
Emily Thorne|Power...Born out of nature, Coveted by men; Wars rage on, And victors are crowned. But true power can never be lost or won. True power comes from within.
Chris Burkmenn|You may bend, but you will not be broken.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|She understood now that while it had been wrong to kill Cansrel, it had also been right. The boy with the strange eyes had helped her to see the rightness of it. The boy who'd killed Archer. Some people had too much power and too much cruelty to live. Some people were too terrible, no matter if you loved them; no matter that you had to make yourself terrible too, in order to stop them. Some things just had to be done.I forgive myself, though Fire. Today, I forgive myself.
Primo Levi, If This Is a Man / The Truce|It is man who kills, man who creates or suffers injustice; it is no longer man who, having lost all restraint, shares his bed with a corpse. Whoever waits for his neighbor to die in order to take his piece of bread is, albeit guiltless, further from the model ofthinking man than the most primitive pigmy or the most vicious sadist".
Chris Burkmenn|People will have their opinions of you, but you must be able to distinguish theirs from yours.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|It is an incapacitating emotion one feels upon hearing the whispered words "I still love you" after deeply hurting that soul. Forgiveness isn't weakness.It is power.
Chris Burkmenn|What you feel, and what is real – all just a matter of perspective.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|For years I wondered what was her curious power, her ability to attract all kinds of people to her and to use them for her own ends, often with their knowledge. i think it was that people liked watching and being with someone who enjoyed life as much as Sylvia seemed to enjoy it. She squeezed all the juice from the orange, or, to change the figure, drained the cup to the leaves, the very dregs.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Sex and love they choose the different paths. Love always leads to devotion, sacrifice, and dedication, which are forms of insanity and madness; but sex it is always about comfort, pleasure and power.
Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish: The Birth of the Prison|The chronicle of a man, the account of his life, his historiography, written as he lived out his life formed part of the rituals of his power. The disciplinary methods reversed this relation, lowered the threshold of describable individuality and made of this description a means of control and a method of domination.
Primo Levi, If This Is a Man / The Truce|They are the typical product of the structure of the German Lager: if one offers a position of privilege to a few individuals in a state of slavery, exacting in exchange the betrayal of a natural solidarity with theircomrades, there will certainly be someone who will accept. He will be withdrawn from the common law and will become untouchable; the more power that he is given, the more he will be consequently hateful andhated. When he is given the command of a group of unfortunates, with the right of life or death over them, he will be cruel and tyrannical, because he will understand that if he is not sufficiently so, someone else, judged more suitable, will take over his post.Moreover, his capacity for hatred, unfulfilled in the direction of the oppressors, will double back, beyond all reason, on the oppressed; and he will only be satisfied when he has unloaded onto his underlings the injury received from above.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You are powerful, if you choose to be.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You would not believe what skill, power and ability your total intelligence possesses until you lose your balance.
Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish: The Birth of the Prison|The fact that the crime and the punishment were related and bound up in the form of atrocity was not the result of some obscurely accepted law of retaliation. It was the effect, in the rites of punishment, of a certain mechanism of power: of a power that not only did not hesitate to exert itself directly on bodies, but was exalted and strengthened by its visible manifestations; of a power that asserted itself as an armed power whose functions of maintaining order were not entirely unconnected with the functions of war; of a power that presented rules and obligations as personal bonds, a breach of which constituted an offence and called for vengeance; of a power for which disobedience was an act of hostility, the first sign of rebellion, which is not in principle different from civil war; of a power that had to demonstrate not why it enforced its laws, but who were its enemies, and what unleashing of force threatened them; of a power which, in the absence of continual supervision, sought a renewal of its effect in the spectacle of its individual manifestations; of a power that was recharged in the ritual display of its reality as 'super-power'.
Bryant McGill|You would not believe what skill, power and ability your total intelligence possesses until you are in desperate need.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Everything changes as you move through three stages of awareness:first, that beliefs are the result of conditions;second, that beliefs are the cause of conditions;and third, that beliefs are themselves conditions.
- Deborah Harkness|...empathy is the most important power there is. Without it, we are doomed. With it, we can truly change the world.(interview from USC)
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|He was not crying for the pain they had caused him, nor for the humiliation he had suffered when they looked at his foot, but with rage at himself because, unable to stand the torture, he had put out his foot of his own accord.
Richard Wright, The Outsider|One walks along a street and strays unknowingly from one's path; one then looks up and suddenly for those familiar landmarks of orientation, and, seeing none, one feels lost. Panic drapes the look of the world in a strangeness, and the more one stares blankly at the world, the stranger it looks, the more hideously frightening it seems. There is then born in one a wild, hot wish to project out upon the alien world the world that one is seeking. This wish is a hunger for power, to be in command of one's self.
John David Geib, Beyond Beliefs|I wonder what could happen if self-confessed followers of Jesus surrendered our human powers, and our desires for power, and began to celebrate openly our human weakness in exchange for the experience of Christ as Power within us. What could happen if, for Christ's sake, we openly delighted in our weaknesses, in insults, in hardships, in persecutions, in difficulties?
Charlie Huston, Sleepless|Pain cannot be ignored. However, it can be endured. When necessary, a great deal of pain can be endured. Just ask my mother.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Be careful when power comes to thee also, lest thou too shouldst smite in thine anger or thy jealousy, for unconquerable strength is a sore weapon in the hands of erring man
Maria V. Snyder|He pulled back on the bridle, stopping in disbelief. “Your love for him has damaged your senses.”“And your hunger for power has affected you intelligence
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Truth has power. And if we all gravitate toward similar ideas maybe we do so because those ideas are true... written deep within us. And when we hear the truth, even if we don't understand it, we feel the truth, even if we don't understand it, we feel that truth resonate within us... vibrating with our unconscious wisdom. Perhaps the truth us not learned by us, but rather, the truth is re-called... re-membered... re-cognized... as that which is already inside us.
Chriscinthia Blount|The purpose of every human life is to teach, through one's own method, the power of love.
Krishna Sagar|All the power in the world, resides inside you.If you let it.
Paul Hoffman|Force is as pitiless to the man who possesses it as it is to its victims - the second it crushes, the first it intoxicates. The truth is that nobody really possesses a great kind of power for long. Those who have it on loan from Fate count on it too much and are themselves destroyed.
M. Laurie Cantil, A Magician's Visit|When wisdom arises, our inherent power as a being naturally arises as well, and then we begin to view things differently. We begin to see things based on the truth that we have found inside, not the truth that isimposed by others on us.
Maitreya Rudrabhayananda|When the power of breath (Sa) is controlled it becomes rested (as) and in thatstate it transforms into protector(tra); this is the basic principle of life andconsciousness, wherein the senses, mind, intelligence all are protected anddirected through the power of breath in a rested state, this is called Sa+as+tra (SASTRA). It is the most powerful weapon alive and the most powerfulprotector as well. One who stills, directs, controls and allows it to rise fromthe core of the body to the subtle, subtler, subtlest levels of consciousness isconsidered to be well versed in Sastras. Ananth Yoga allows one to work onthe Grossest, Gross, Subtle, Subtler levels of consciousness, through thebreath power leading on to connect to the subtlest level of consciousness.
Michelle Tea, Mermaid in Chelsea Creek|Sophie knew about power animals,everyone did...Sophie thought she might be a cat, she liked cats a lot.
Michael Bassey Johnson|These are the attributes of Bullshit people; they will...blur your imagination, take your endowments for a piece of debris, make you ridiculous, and most importantly, you got to send them to the recycle bin.
Noam Chomsky, Understanding Power: The Indispensable Chomsky|Look, part of the whole technique of disempowering people is to make sure that the real agents of change fall out of history, and are never recognized in the culture for what they are. So it's necessary to distort history and make it look as if Great Men did everything - that's part of how you teach people they can't do anything, they're helpless, they just have to wait for some Great Man to come along and do it for them.
Thomas Jefferson, Democracy in America|The executive power in our government is not the only, perhaps not even the principal, object of my solicitude. The tyranny of the legislature is really the danger most to be feared, and will continue to be so for many years to come. The tyranny of the executive power will come in its turn, but at a more distant period.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Young man, names are powerful things. You don’t just go around using them for no reason.
Judith Lewis Herman, Father-Daughter Incest: With a New Afterword|Father-daughter incest is not only the type of incest most frequently reported but also represents a paradigm of female sexual victimization. The relationship between father and daughter, adult male and female child, is one of the most unequal relationships imaginable. It is no accident that incest occurs most often precisely in the relationship where the female is most powerless. The actual sexual encounter may be brutal or tender, painful or pleasurable; but it is always, inevitably, destructive to the child. The father, in effect, forces the daughter to pay with her body for affection and care which should be freely given. p4
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Money had no name, of course. And if it did have a name, it would no longer be money. What gave money its true meaning was its dark-night namelessness, its breathtaking interchangeability.
Lionel Trilling|In the most secret heart of every intellectual ... there lies hidden ... the hope of power, the desire to bring his ideas to reality by imposing them on his fellow man.
Moira Young, Rebel Heart|There are some people, she says, not many, who have within them the power to change things. The courage to act in the service of somethin greater than themselves.
Norman Spinrad, Bug Jack Barron|It ain't power that corrupts, it's the changes you put your head through getting it.
Ellen J. Barrier, How to Trust God When All Other Resources Have Failed|Prayers are like the powerful sounds of trumpets. When God's people come together and pray, the walls that challenge progress will fall.
Elizabeth George|Between the Bible and the Holy Spirit, you have everything you need to grow spiritually. And the more you grow, the more God can use you.
Anonymous|But he said to me, ‘My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.’ Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ’s power may rest on me.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|When it comes to compounding, don't trust your intuition - you have no idea how powerful it is.
Edward St. Aubyn, Lost for Words|There seemed to be no one in a position of power, from the Vatican to Wall Street, from Parliament to Scotland Yard to Fleet Street, who could think of anything better to do than abuse it....
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|A man needs to feel powerful and respected. Innately within us, as far back as we can remember, we have taught ourselves to grand stand in our abilities to be tough, to conquer, to impress and to win in all aspects of our lives in order to be validated by others and in doing so we have built our conceptual house of self on the sand of societal opinion. Yet, ironically, it’s only when a man finds his true strength in humility, in its purest sense, will he ever experience what genuine power and respect feels like. The man who builds his conceptual house of self on the rock of unpretentious decorum simply needs no validation outside of his creator. He is who he is…and for all intense and purposes that is the only respectable power any man should ever seek.
Joshua Teya|The only thing more dangerous than your enemy knowing how powerful you are, is your enemy not knowing how powerful you are
Martin N. Marger, Elites and Masses|Power, it seems, is one of those terms we all understand and can explain--until asked to do so.
Jennifer Donnelly|Think you only kings have power? Stand on a stage and hold the hearts of men in your hands. Make them laugh with a gesture, cry with a word. Make them love you. And you will know what power is.
Bernard Bailyn, The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution|For "as great a blessing as government is," the Rev. Peter Whitney explained, "like other blessings, it may become a scourge, a curse, and severe punishment to a people." What made it so, what turned power into a malignent force, was not its own nature so much as the nature of man—his susceptibility to corruption and his lust for self-aggrandizement.
Bernard Bailyn, The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution|Power always and everywhere had had a pernicious, corrupting effect upon men. It "converts a good man in private life to a tyrant in office." It acts upon men like drink: it "is known to be intoxicating in its nature"—"too intoxicating and liable to abuse." And nothing within man is sufficiently strong to guard against these effects of power—certainly not "the united considerations of reason and religion," for they have never "been sufficiently powerful to restrain these lusts of men.
Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight|I am the rightful ruler of this world And now that I, too, have awakened, like my dragons, I have come to take back what is mine.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Can I tell you a boring science fact?" she whispered. "I bet you didn't learn it in Shadowhunter history class.""If you're trying to distract me from talking about my feelings, you're not being very subtle about it." He touched her face. "You know I make speeches. It's okay. You don't have to make them back. Just tell me you love me,""I'm not trying to distract you." She held up her hand and wiggles the fingers. "There are a hundred trillion cells in the human body," she said. "And every single one of the cells of my body loves you. We shed cells, and grow new ones, and my new cells love you more than the old ones, which is why I love you more every day than I did before. It's science. And when I die and they burn my body and I become ashes that mix with the air, and part of the ground and the trees and the stars, everyone who breathes air of sees the flowers that grow out of the ground or looks up at the stars will remember you and love you, because I love you that much," She smiled. "How was that for a speech?
Rati Tsiteladze|Love: I guess It is some kind of magic, It has a power to make us better... But there is the thing magic can sometimes be an illusion and nothing else.
Frederick Douglass|If there is no struggle, there is no progress. Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground. They want rain without thunder and lightning. They want the ocean without the roar of its many waters. ...Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will. ...Find out just what people will submit to, and you have found the exact amount of injustice and wrong which will be imposed upon them; and these will continue until they are resisted with either words or blows, or with both. The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppress.
Gregory Hartley|When you understand the mechanincs of stress and master the techniques to manipulate someone's fears and dreams, you will be powerful.
Peter Weiss, The Persecution and Assassination of Jean-Paul Marat as Performed by the Inmates of the Asylum of Charenton Under the Direction of the Marquis de Sade|Don't be taken in when they pat you paternally on the shoulder and say that there's no inequality worth speaking of and no more reason for fighting. Because if you believe them they will be completely in charge in their marble homes and granite banks from which they rob the people of the world under the pretense of bringing them culture. Watch out, for as soon as it pleases them they'll send you out to protect their gold in wars whose weapons rapidly developed by servile scientists will become more and more deadly until they can with a flick of the finger tear a million of you into pieces.
Sol Luckman, Snooze: A Story of Awakening|The evidence never seemed to matter to those in power, who had already made up their minds and did what people typically do when their worldview is threatened by new data: they attacked the messenger.
Dorothy Day, Therese|The vanity of Eve, that desire to exercise power, to seduce, to drag down!
Stephen Chbosky|So, I guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know them. But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from, we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things. And we can try and feel okay about them.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|Lydia had been fantasizing about him to the point she nearly drove him insane with it. It had taken four days for his energy to weaken inside her enough that he could go and visit her without fear she would throw him across the town in a gust of wind, and thus cause a scene. Although, getting run out of town after one day would be a new MacGregor record.
Tim Tharp, The Spectacular Now|You have to stop thinking that way. Don't worry about who has the power in the relationship all the time. If you make her happy, then that's the biggest power you can have.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|There ya are.” Erik grinned at her as he came bounding down the steps two at a time. He stepped around his statue of a sister as if such a thing were normal. Perhaps here it was. He paused, nodding at Malina. “Morning, banshee.” He gave a small brotherly laugh and poked his thumb toward her face. “She does kind of look like a banshee with her hair flying around like that and her mouth all open. Yeah, ma froze her good. See how her eyes don’t move?” Erik leaned closer to her and grinned as he looked into her mouth. “Ha, Euann put a mint in there.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|Ly-di-ah! I sit beneath your window, laaaass, singing ’cause I loooove your a—”“For the love of St. Francis of Assisi, someone call a vet. There is an injured animal screaming in pain outside,” Charlotte interrupted the flow of music in ill-humor.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|SMILE Is Not Just A Word.... It Means A Lot, Love, Trust, Warmth, Tenderness Etc, In Fact It Means WORLD.... So SMILE ALWAYS.... That Means, YOU Are Giving A WORLD To SOMEONE....
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|You kill by consent, every time you let something… pervert the balance when you have the power to stop it.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Men are not corrupted by the exercise of power, or debased by the habit of obedience; but by the exercise of a power which they believe to be illegitimate, and by obedience to a rule which they consider to be usurped and oppressive.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|A stóirín, ya are a handful of trouble, but I kind of like it.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|He kissed the corner of her lips before whispering by her ear, “And that was just my hand, love.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|He’s not wearing…” Charlotte began.“I know. He doesn’t,” Lydia answered.
Jacqueline E. Smith, Between Worlds|People tend to think that death is absolute, the one thing we can all be certain about, but that’s not the case. Death is complex. It’s powerful and timeless. The truth is, when it comes to death, nothing is impossible.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Reading Is Very Powerful.... It Gives You The Illusion To See The Past, Present, Future And Even Seeing The Invisible.... So READ....
Eberhard Jüngel, God as the Mystery of the World: On the Foundation of the Theology of the Crucified One in the Dispute Between Theism and Atheism|...godly power and godly love are related to one another neither through subordination nor dialectically. Rather, God's mightiness is understood as the power of his love. Only love is almighty. Then God's lordship is to be understood as the rule of his mercy and God's law is accordingly the law of his grace.
Mehek Bassi|It’s funny, how for an entire lifetime we keep thinking ‘How’ will our life-partner look like, how will he be? How will he react to a particular situation? How will he get angry, and how will we love and pamper him? We have so many questions like if he will accept me the way I am? Or if I have to change for him? We all have made plans for our future, subconsciously. We don’t exactly plan out everything with a pen and paper, it’s something that happens automatically, just like an involuntary action. Whenever we are alone and our mood is good, we usually think about our life with our partner. The days and nights in his arms, and the time that we will reserve for him.But when all that turns into reality, it’s strikingly different. Everything that you thought, seems to be a joke, and life laughs at you from a distance! You are helpless and can’t do anything about it, but have to accept it the way it is. You are totally caught into a web of dilemmas and problems before you realize that this is the time you waited for, and that this is the time you dreamt about! You have to make efforts, compromises, sacrifices and you have to change yourselves too sometimes to make things work.You can never expect to get a partner exactly the way you thought or dreamt about. It’s always different in reality and it’s always tough to make both ends meet for a relationship to work, but you have to! It’s your relationship, if you won’t work for it, who else will?
Catherynne M. Valente, Six-Gun Snow White|Let me tell you something, kid," said Mrs. H of Boston and Beacon Hill. "Magic is just a word for what's left to the powerless once everyone else has eaten their fill.
Stephen King, Duma Key|Pain is the biggest power of love." That's what Wireman says.
C. Wright Mills, The Power Elite|Once war was considered the business of soldiers, international relations the concern of diplomats. But now that war has become seemingly total and seemingly permanent, the free sport of kings has become the forced and internecine business of people, and diplomatic codes of honor between nations have collapsed. Peace in no longer serious; only war is serious. Every man and every nation is either friend or foe, and the idea of enmity becomes mechanical, massive, and without genuine passion. When virtually all negotiation aimed at peaceful agreement is likely to be seen as 'appeasement,' if not treason, the active role of the diplomat becomes meaningless; for diplomacy becomes merely a prelude to war an interlude between wars, and in such a context the diplomat is replaced by the warlord.
Leo Buscaglia, Love|When man has love he is no longer at the mercy of forces greater than himself, for he, himself, becomes the powerful force
Primo Levi, The Drowned and the Saved|Willingly or not we come to terms with power, forgetting that we are all in the ghetto, that the ghetto is walled in, that outside the ghetto reign the lords of death, and that close by the train is waiting." by Primo Levi in Drowned
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven|The quality of the will to power is, precisely, growth. Achievement is its cancellation. To be, the will to power must increase with each fulfillment, making the fulfillment only a step to a further one. The vaster the power gained, the vaster the appetite for more.
Christina Dodd|The way to fight a woman is with your hat. Grab it and run.The guy who said that was a wise man. He knew what most men don't - Women are powerful creatures who should be handled with care, or they can become very, very dangerous.
Edward Kamau Brathwaite, The Arrivants: A New World Trilogy|...it is not enough to be freeof the whips, principalities and powers
Peter Maass, Love Thy Neighbor: A Story of War|I am a lawyer, and for me it is very sad to say that there is now law here. There are weapons rather than law. What did Mao say? Power comes out of the barrel of a gun. It's very true. The situation is decadent. A lot of Serbs think this is leading us nowhere but they feel powerless. How many disagree? I don't know. Perhaps thirty percent disagree, but most of them are frightened and quiet. Perhaps sixty percent agree or are confused enough to go along. They are led by the ten percent who have the guns and who have control of the television towers. That's all they need.'p. 107
Peter Weiss, The Persecution and Assassination of Jean-Paul Marat as Performed by the Inmates of the Asylum of Charenton Under the Direction of the Marquis de Sade|And the priests looked down into the pit of injustice and they turned their faces away and said, 'Our kingdom is not as the kingdom of this world. Our life on earth is but a pilgrimage. The soul lives on humility and patience,' at the same time screwing the poor from their last centime. They settled down among their treasures and ate and drank with princes and to the starving they said, 'Suffer. Suffer as he suffered on the cross for it is the will of God.'And anyone believes what they hear over and over again, so the poor instead of bread made do with a picture of the bleeding, scourged, and nailed-up Christ and prayed to that image of their helplessness. And the priests said, 'Raise your hands to heaven and bend your knees and bear your suffering without complaint. Pray for those that torture you, for prayer and blessing are the only stairways which you can climb to paradise.'And so they chained down the poor in their ignorance so that they wouldn't stand up and fight their bosses who ruled in the name of the lie of divine right.
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|For power, you know, is a fretful thing, and hath its wings always spread for flight.
Hideaki Sorachi|You want to know who the strongest man in the Kabuki District is? You must be new in town. You won't last long with that attitude. Forget it. This town is on a whole different level. You got thugs, brawlers, vigilantes and rogue warriors from all over Edo here. It's like a haven for hooligans. This is for your own good. Have a drink and go back to the countryside. What's that? You want me to tell you about the top dogs before you go? You really like this stuff. First, there are four monsters on a level of their own: The Fierce and Divine Madamoiselle Saigo, Doromizu Jirocho the Gallant, Peacock Princess Kada and Empress Otose. The four factions are in a standoff which preserves a fragile balance of power. Who would be the strongest in a fight? You wouldn't be able to even scratch those beasts. Saigo and Jirocho in particular, were heroes during the Joui War. Well, they're too old to go on a tear now. If you want someone who's currently active, there's Katsuro Kuroguma, a young leader in the Doromizu Faction. He's the most feared man in Kabuki District right now. You'll also find a few former Joui in Saigo's Faction. There are rumours about Kada's Faction having ties to some crazy folk. Otose's Faction? It's just a bar, really. She's just an old lady with a soft heart. But if you try any funny business on her turf, you'll run into a certain guy. A guy who holds his own against the Big Three by himself. One hell of a monster, with hair that's completely white. A demon...
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|The simple act of putting your truth on paper, only you and your thoughts, is one of the most powerful exercises you can do.
Daniel S. Fletcher, Jackboot Britain|It is their usual reaction; they employ not words and reasoned conversation or discourse to resolve problems, but the truncheon, the jackbooted foot, or the gun. Sophistication requires more competence and skill than mere thuggery. It is a harder, loftier charge to be civilised than to let the beast in man devour man. The enlightened mind knows that all is challengeable, questions all, and thus, learns and grows. The weak, narrow mind makes its beliefs – whatever form they take – sacrosanct, defending them with violence if necessary. Political extremists, much like religious zealots, are the latter. They destroy what they cannot convert. They annihilate those they cannot control or make conform. They have found no peace in life, no love, and so promote war and division, as emotional cripples – inflicting their own pain and misery and malignant stupidity on the world. Their language binds people together, but only by stirring the darkest excesses of the soul; language of hate, and intolerance, fear and conspiracy, and the need for vengeance. In war-scarred Europe, these cripples direct mass-psychology, and would make the world in their own likeness; mutilated by violence and tribalism and hate.They use language in its most evil, twisted form. They appeal to the lowest form of understanding, on a level I hesitate to allow for the term ‘human intelligence’ to be associated.Children, fertile minds ripe for molestation. Now they will be taught what to think, not how to think. Language, that twisted poison. It scars purity.
Anonymous|Power is a delicate thing. The most powerful storms on earth intensify rapidly, but dissipate just as fast if not faster.
Daniel S. Fletcher, Jackboot Britain|The power of language – it can heal and build, or corrupt, poison, destroy, desecrate, annihilate…
S.J. Kincaid|They'd taken everything. Everything, and people simply had let them. People had meekly surrendered the world to them in hopes those CEOs would finally have enough, finally have reason to leave them be. But Tom knew better.
Joshua Teya|The only thing more dangerous then your enemy knowing how powerful you are, is your enemy not knowing how powerful you are.
Walter Rodney, How Europe Underdeveloped Africa|From the beginning, Europe assumed the power to make decisions within the international trading system. An excellent illustration of that is the fact that the so-called international law which governed the conduct of nations on the high seas was nothing else but European law. Africans did not participate in its making, and in many instances, African people were simply the victims, for the law recognized them only as transportable merchandise. If the African slave was thrown overboard at sea, the only legal problem that arose was whether or not the slave ship could claim compensation from the insurers! Above all, European decision-making power was exercised in selecting what Africa should export – in accordance with European needs. Pg. 77
Roald Dahl|And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
Oscar Wilde|We are each our own devil, and we make this world our hell.
John Donne, The Poems of John Donne; Miscellaneous Poems (Songs and Sonnets) Elegies. Epithalamions, or Marriage Songs. Satires. Epigrams. the Progress of|Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.
Hiromu Arakawa|It's a cruel and random world, but the chaos is all so beautiful.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|The world isn't just the way it is. It is how we understand it, no? And in understanding something, we bring something to it, no?Doesn't that make life a story?
Martin Luther King Jr.|Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?
W.B. Yeats, The Land of Heart's Desire|Faeries, come take me out of this dull world,For I would ride with you upon the wind,Run on the top of the dishevelled tide,And dance upon the mountains like a flame.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|But if you tame me, then weshall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, Ishall be unique in all the world.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|All right then," said the savage defiantly, I'm claiming the right to be unhappy.""Not to mention the right to grow old and ugly and impotent; the right to have syphilis and cancer; the right to have too little to eat, the right to be lousy; the right to live in constant apprehension of what may happen tomorrow; the right to catch typhoid; the right to be tortured by unspeakable pains of every kind." There was a long silence."I claim them all," said the Savage at last.
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|When she awoke, the world was on fire.
Amy Plum, Die for Me|Besides the alternate universe offered by a book, the quiet space of a museum was my favorite place to go. My mom said I was an escapist at heart . . . that I preferred imaginary worlds to the real one. It’s true that I’ve always been able to yank myself out of this world and plunge myself into another.
Dita Von Teese|You can be the ripest, juiciest peach in the world, and there's still going to be somebody who hates peaches.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|Tired, tired with nothing, tired with everything, tired with the world’s weight he had never chosen to bear.
Voltaire, Candide|But for what purpose was the earth formed?" asked Candide. "To drive us mad," replied Martin.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|They had killed themselves over our dying forests, over manatees maimed by propellers as they surfaced to drink from garden hoses; they had killed themselves at the sight of used tires stacked higher than the pyramids; they had killed themselves over the failure to find a love none of us could ever be. In the end, the tortures tearing the Lisbon girls pointed to a simple reasoned refusal to accept the world as it was handed down to them, so full of flaws.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Beyond the edge of the world there’s a space where emptiness and substance neatly overlap, where past and future form a continuous, endless loop. And, hovering about, there are signs no one has ever read, chords no one has ever heard.
James Patterson|Hello, Max," he said quietly, searching my face. "How do you feel?"Which was a ten on the "imbecilic question" scale of one to ten. Why, I feel fine, Jeb," I said brightly. "How about you?"Any nausea? Headache?" Yep. And it's standing here talking to me.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|That was the thing about the world: it wasn't that things were harder than you thought they were going to be, it was that they were hard in ways that you didn't expect.
Yoko Ono|You may think I’m small, but I have a universe inside my mind.
Sophie Kinsella, Confessions of a Shopaholic|Everyone's moving on without me, into a world I don't understand.
Paul Auster, Invisible|You're too good for this world, and because of that the world will eventually crush you.
Douglas Petrie|Glory: I look around at this world you're so eager to be a part of and all I see is six billion lunatics looking for the fastest ride out. Who's not crazy? Look around, everyone's drinking, smoking, shooting up, shooting each other, or just plain screwing their brains out 'cause they don't want 'em anymore. I'm crazy? Honey, I'm the original one-eyed chicklet in the kingdom of the blind, 'cause at least I admit the world makes me nuts.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Kindness and a caring mind are two separate qualities. Kindness is manners. It is superficial custom, an acquired practice. Not so the mind. The mind is deeper, stronger, and, I believe, it is far more inconstant.
Jenny Valentine, Broken Soup|I smiled back and I thoughthow incredible that was, that they would find the time to smile. There was goodness in the world still, even if you couldn’t always see it.
Terry Goodkind, The Pillars of Creation|When the whole world is crazy, it doesn't pay to be sane.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I saw the world I had walked since my birth and I understood how fragile it was, that the reality was a thin layer of icing on a great dark birthday cake writhing with grubs and nightmares and hunger.
Lois Lowry, Number the Stars|Ellen had said that her mother was afraid of the ocean, that it was too cold and too big. The sky was, too, thought Annemarie. The whole world was: too cold, too big. And too cruel. 
Jack Kerouac|Listen closely... the eternal hush of silence goes on and on throughout all this, and has been going on, and will go on and on. This is because the world is nothing but a dream and is just thought of and the everlasting eternity pays no attention to it.
Aprilynne Pike, Spells|Her two worlds, two lives that she tried so hard to keep separate, were crashing together. And she felt helpless to stop it.
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic Takes Manhattan|That's the trouble with having the whole world love you. One day, you wake up and it's flirting with your best friend instead. And you don't know what to do. You're thrown.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|In the land where excellence is commended, not envied, where weakness is aided, not mocked, there is no question as to how its inhabitants are all superhuman.
Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky|There's always a story. It's all stories, really. The sun coming up every day is a story. Everything's got a story in it. Change the story, change the world.
Anne Frank|A voice within me is sobbing, "You see that's what's become of you. You're surrounded by negative opinions, dismayed looks and mocking faces, people who dislike you, and all because you don't listen to the advice of your own better half." Believe me, I'd like to listen, but it doesn't work, because if I'm quiet and serious, everyone thinks I'm putting on a new act and I have to save myself with a joke, and then I'm not even talking about my own family, who assume I must be sick, stuff me with aspirins and setatives, feel my neck and forehead to see if I have a temperature, ask about my bowel movements and berate me for being in a bad mood, until I just can't keep it up anymore, because when everybody starts hovering over me, I get cross, then sad, an finally end up turning my heart inside out, the bad part on the outside and the good part on the inside, and keep trying to find a way to become what I'd like to be and what I could be if . . . if only there were no other people in the world.Yours, Anne M. Frank.
Kiera Cass, The One|You are not the world, but you are everything that makes the world good. Without you, my life would still exist, but that's all it would manage to do.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|If I’d been someone else in a different world I’d've done something different, but I was myself and the world was the world, so I was silent.
Greta Garbo|I'm not always sincere. One can't be in this world, you know.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Apparently, the world is not a wish-granting factory.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|It is a strange world, a sad world, a world full of miseries, and woes, and troubles. And yet when King Laugh come, he make them all dance to the tune he play. Bleeding hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and tears that burn as they fall, all dance together to the music that he make with that smileless mouth of him. Ah, we men and women are like ropes drawn tight with strain that pull us different ways. Then tears come, and like the rain on the ropes, they brace us up, until perhaps the strain become too great, and we break. But King Laugh he come like the sunshine, and he ease off the strain again, and we bear to go on with our labor, what it may be.
Lev Grossman|We're wired to expect the world to be brighter and more meaningful and more obviously interesting than it actually is. And when we realize that it isn't, we start looking around for the real world.
Chaim Potok, My Name Is Asher Lev|It's not a pretty world, Papa.''I've noticed,' my father said softly.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you believe in the idea of true friends, then your heart is vulnerable to betrayal.
Anna Godbersen, Envy|The world is such a marvel-it gave you trials, but if you were still and concentrated, if you tried to do the right thing, it always provided you with salvation.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|One summer night I fell asleep hoping the world would be different when I woke. In the morning, when I opened my eyes, the world was the same.
Janosch|Be a lover of the world, it is the only way to survive in it.
Thomas Bernhard, Concrete|Parents have a child, and in doing so they bring into the world a monster that kills everything it comes in contact with.
Karl Lagerfeld|I'm very down to Earth, I'm just not from this Earth.
J.R.R. Tolkien|There's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo, and it's worth fighting for.
Jack Kerouac, Book of Sketches|Hateful bitch of a world, it wouldn't ever last.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|The world, like a great iris of an even more gigantic eye, which has also just opened and stretched out to encompass everything, stared back at him.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest|A forest ecology is a delicate one. If the forest perishes, its fauna may go with it. The Athshean word for world is also the word for forest.
Michael Edwards|There will Be a Moment when Your eyes meet, and everything in the world will be simple again.
Dave Hunt, An Urgent Call To A Serious Faith|The choice we face is not, as many imagine, between heaven and hell. Rather, the choice is between heaven and this world. Even a fool would exchange hell for heaven; but only the wise will exchange this world for heaven.
Milan Kundera, Immortality|If we cannot accept the importance of the world, which considers itself important, if in the midst of that world our laughter finds no echo, we have but one choice: to take the world as a whole and make it the object of our game; to turn it into a toy
Aimee Bender, An Invisible Sign of My Own|The world can ask you to participate, but it's a day-today decision if you want to agree to that proposal.
Thornton Wilder, Our Town|Good-by, Good-by, world. Good-by, Grover's Corners... Mama and Papa. Good-by to clocks ticking... and Mama's sunflowers. And food and coffee. And new-ironed dresses and hot baths...and sleeping and waking up. Oh, earth, you're too wonderful for anybody to realize you.
Anna Quindlen|The ultimate act of bravery does not take place on a battlefield. It takes place in your heart, when you have the courage to honor your character, your intellect, your inclinations and yes, your soul by listening to its clean, clear voice of direction instead of following the muddied messages of a timid world.
Cormac McCarthy, The Crossing|There is but one world and everything that is imaginable is necessary to it. For this world also which seems to us a thing of stone and flower and blood is not a thing at all but is a tale. And all in it is a tale and each tale the sum of all lesser tales and yet these are also the selfsame tale and contain as well all else within them. So everything is necessary. Every least thing. This is the hard lesson. Nothing can be dispensed with. Nothing despised. Because the seams are hid from us, you see. The joinery. The way in which the world is made. We have no way to know what could be taken away. What omitted. We have no way to tell what might stand and what might fall. And those seams that are hid from us are of course in the tale itself and the tale has no abode or place of beind except in the telling only and there it lives and makes its home and therefore we can never be done with the telling. Of the telling there is no end. And . . . in whatever . . . place by whatever . . . name or by no name at all . . . all tales are one. Rightly heard all tales are one.
Wendell Berry|No matter how much one may love the world as a whole, one can live fully in it only by living responsibly in some small part of it. Where we live and who we live there with define the terms of our relationship to the world and to humanity. We thus come again to the paradox that one can become whole only by the responsible acceptance of one's partiality.
Preeti Shenoy, Life is What You Make It: A Story of Love, Hope and How Determination Can Overcome Even Destiny|The world is indeed a better place when there is love, friendship, acceptance and hope. Powered by these you can indeed overcome anything including destiny.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|And that’s how it is in this world, boy. Start a tale, just a little tale that should fade and die—take your eye off it for just a moment and when you turn back it’s grown big enough to grab you up in its teeth and shake you. That’s how it is. All our lives are tales. Some spread, and grow in the telling. Others are just told between us and the gods, muttered back and forth behind our days, but those tales grow too and shake us just as fierce.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Are we not all flung into the world for no other purpose than to hate each other, and so to torture ourselves and one another?
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world. To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|You are aware of only one unrest;Oh, never learn to know the other!Two souls, alas, are dwelling in my breast,And one is striving to forsake its brother.Unto the world in grossly loving zest,With clinging tendrils, one adheres;The other rises forcibly in questOf rarefied ancestral spheres.If there be spirits in the airThat hold their sway between the earth and sky,Descend out of the golden vapors thereAnd sweep me into iridescent life.Oh, came a magic cloak into my handsTo carry me to distant lands,I should not trade it for the choicest gown,Nor for the cloak and garments of the crown.
Hermann Hesse|I am a star in the firmamentthat observe the world, despises the worldand consumed in its heat.I am the sea by night in a stormthe sea shouting that accumulates new sinsand to the ancient makes recompense.I am exiled from your worldof pride polite, by pride defrauded,I am the king without crown.I am the passion without wordswithout stones of the hearth, without weapons in the war,is my same force that make me sick
Ludwig Wittgenstein|The mystical is not how the world is, but that it is.
Hayao Miyazaki|In this world of ours, the sparrow must live like a hawk if he is to fly at all.
D.A. Carson, The Gagging of God: Christianity Confronts Pluralism|In the moral realm, there is very little consensus left in Western countries over the proper basis of moral behavior. And because of the power of the media, for millions of men and women the only venue where moral questions are discussed and weighed is the talk show, where more often than not the primary aim is to entertain, even shock, not to think. When Geraldo and Oprah become the arbiters of public morality, when the opinion of the latest media personality is sought on everything from abortion to transvestites, when banality is mistaken for profundity because [it's] uttered by a movie star or a basketball player, it is not surprising that there is less thought than hype. Oprah shapes more of the nation's grasp of right and wrong than most of the pulpits in the land. Personal and social ethics have been removed from the realms of truth and structures of thoughts; they have not only been relativized, but they have been democratized and trivialized.
Colson Whitehead, Sag Harbor|As time went on, we learned to arm ourselves in our different ways. Some of us with real guns, some of us with more ephemeral weapons, an idea or improbable plan or some sort of formulation about how best to move through the world. An idea that will let us be. Protect us and keep us safe. But a weapon nonetheless.
Molière|The world, dear Agnes, is a strange affair.
Fran Lebowitz|There is one thing that has disappeared, not just from the U.S. but from the entire world, is the idea of ever being embarrassed by anything.
Inio Asano, Solanin|The world is drowning in weirdness and lies......and here we are, so used to it that we're actually bored!
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|I think that when you remember, remember, remember everything like that, you could go on until you remember what was there before you were in the world. 
Sri Chinmoy|Try not to change the world. You will fail. Try to love the world. Lo, the world is changed. Changed forever.
Philip K. Dick, Solar Lottery|You're - psychotic. There's something wrong with you.""I know," Benteley agreed. "I'm a sick man. And the more I see, the sicker I get. I'm so sick I think everybody else is sick and I'm the only healthy person. That's pretty bad off, isn't it?
Alexandra Katehakis, Erotic Intelligence: Igniting Hot, Healthy Sex While in Recovery from Sex Addiction|Above all, consider this: The greatest gift we can give ourselves, our children, and our world is to live well and love well.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|If the library in the morning suggests an echo of the severe and reasonable wishful order of the world, the library at night seems to rejoice in the world's essential, joyful muddle. 
Walter de la Mare, The Listeners and Other Poems|Tell them I came, and no one answered,That I kept my word," he said.Never the least stir made the listeners,Though every word he spakeFell echoing through the shadowiness of the still houseFrom the one man left awake:Ay, they heard his foot upon the stirrup,And the sound of iron on stone,And how the silence surged softly backward,When the plunging hoofs were gone.
Alan W. Watts|Normally, we do not so much look at things as overlook them.
Alexandra Elle, Words from a Wanderer|When you live in love and light, you will not go unseen; ignite the world with every flame of your being.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|You show the world as a complete, unbroken chain, an eternal chain, linked together by cause and effect.
M.F. Moonzajer|World is so beautiful, but alas! There are so many assholes.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|And as men believe, so their world goes." - Merlin
Gary D. Schmidt, Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy|Lizzie Bright Griffin, do you ever wish the world would just go ahead and swallow you whole?""Sometimes I do," she said, and then smiled. "but sometimes I figure I should just go ahead and swallow it.
Darren Shan, The Thin Executioner|A world without pain, loss, betrayal, hate, death, loneliness? Impossible!
Lauren Myracle, Bliss|I was just teasing," I say. "I myself don't like to eat plain butter, but hey, it's a free world.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The desert and the ocean are realms of desolation on the surface.The desert is a place of bones, where the innards are turned out, to desiccate into dust.The ocean is a place of skin, rich outer membranes hiding thick juicy insides, laden with the soup of being.Inside out and outside in. These are worlds of things that implode or explode, and the only catalyst that determines the direction of eco-movement is the balance of water.Both worlds are deceptive, dangerous. Both, seething with hidden life.The only veil that stands between perception of what is underneath the desolate surface is your courage.Dare to breach the surface and sink.
Emily Wing Smith, Back When You Were Easier to Love|I guess the whole world is made up of things coming together and things falling apart,
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|Sometimes it takes a lowly, title-less man to humble the world. Kings, rulers, CEOs, judges, doctors, pastors, they are already expected to be greater and wiser.
Rebecca Rupp, The Dragon of Lonely Island|Keep all your promises, don't take what doesn't belong to you, and always look after those less fortunate than yourself, and you'll do well in the world.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|When you become a father, it changes you." Snorri spoke towards the fire’s glow. "You see the world in new ways. Those who are not changed were not properly men to begin with.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|A step lower and strangeness creeps in: perceiving that the world is "dense", sensing to what a degree a stone is foreign and irreducible to us, with what intensity nature or a landscape can negate us. At the heart of all beauty lies something inhuman, and these hills, the softness of the sky, the outline of these trees at this very minute lose the illusory meaning with which we had clothed them, henceforth more remote than a lost paradise. The primitive hostility of the world rises up to face us across millenia.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|I know I'll never marry, never risk bringing a child into the world. Because if there's one thing being a victor doesn't guarantee, it's our children's safety. My kids' names would go right into the reaping balls with everyone else's. And I swear I'll never let that happen.
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|Once, this whole world had been hidden beneath a shallow sea.
Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt|It is impossible to give a clear account of the world, but art can teach us to reproduce it-just as the world reproduces itself in the course of its eternal gyrations. The primordial sea indefatigably repeats the same words and casts up the same astonished beings on the same sea-shore.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Darkness|There’s something about sitting alone in the dark that reminds you how big the world really is, and how far apart we all are. The stars look like they’re so close, you could reach out and touch them. But you can’t. Sometimes things look a lot closer than they are.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Far, far below the deepest delvings of the dwarves, the world is gnawed by nameless things.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|The world is always open, Waiting to be discovered.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|I’m all you have in this world Mariam, and when I’m gone you’ll have nothing. You ARE nothing!
Pliny the Elder|True glory consists in doing what deserves to be written, in writing what deserves to be read, and in so living as to make the world happier and better for our living in it.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty|Visible and mobile, my body is a thing among things; it's caught in the fabric of the world, and its cohesion is that of a thing. But, because it moves itself and sees, it holds things in a circle around itself.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|When the world changes, it stashes us away where we can't make it run the other way again.
Rinsai Rossetti|Pale sky, white land; like somewhere past the end of the world
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|I suppose it had something to do with it being a secret, just how much it had meant to me. Maybe all of us at Hailsham had little secrets like that--little private nooks created out of thin air where we could go off alone with our fears and longings. But the very fact that we had such needs would have felt wrong to us at the time--like somehow we were letting the side down.
Nema Al-Araby|Make sure you don't carry the burden of the whole world on your shoulders, just in case someone needed them to cry.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Life is no different than the weather. Not only is it unpredictable, but it shows us a new perspective of the world every day.
Sri Chinmoy|Love the world. Otherwise, you will be forced to carry the heaviest load: your own bitter self.
Omar Khayyám, Quatrains - Ballades|You’ve seen the world, and all you’ve seen is nothing; and everything, as well, that you have said and heard is nothing. You’ve sprinted everywhere between here and the horizon; it is nothing. And all the possessions you’ve treasured up at home are nothing.
Alexandra Bracken, In The Afterlight|Now isn´t the time to change yourself to fit into the world... you should be changing the world to accept you. To let you exist as you are, without being cut open and damaged.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|I thought about the screws and their happiness. Maybe they were glad to be free of the eggbeater, to be independent screws, to luxuriate on white trays. It did feel good to see them happy.
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|The world is come upon me, I used to keep it a long way off, But now I have been run over and I am in the hands of the hospital staff.
Avijeet Das|The Women of Our World are like Mother Earth. They don't just give life to the next generation but also to Hope. The Women of Our World are to be loved, respected and protected.
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|Our world is made up of a myriad of microcosms, of tiny worlds, each with its own habitues, every one known to the others.
Claire-Louise Bennett, Pond|He'd solved the problem you see—and that's the way some people are. They are ceaselessly finding ways of getting to grips with the world, of surmounting certain antipathies so as to apply themselves to it that little bit more. It's quite admirable really, how they refuse to let anything come between them and the rest of it—Oh, the rest of it! Sort of there, sort of hovering there all the time. Different ideas come to me now and again—strategies I suppose that might inculcate a little more compatibility. I just don't know if I'll ever get the hang of it if you want to know—as a matter of fact I think I've left it a little too late to cultivate the necessary outlook.
François de La Rochefoucauld|In all aspects of life, we take on a part and an appearance to seem to be what we wish to be--and thus the world is merely composed of actors.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|Eric understands that the world is rarely the way it is supposed to be. And he knows that, given the chance, we don't have to wait for someone to make messes of our lives. We do a good enough job, ourselves.
Dean Koontz, Dead and Alive|...it will be a world made not bright but brighter, not clean but cleaner.
Sri Chinmoy|Not by blaming the world, not by shunning the world, but only be loving the world can I have peace of mind
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|The world encyclopedia, the universal library, exists, and it is the world itself.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|A long time ago people believed that the world is flat and the moon is made of green cheese. Some still do, to this day. The man on the moon is looking down and laughing.
William Hazlitt|The world loves to be amused by hollow professions, to be deceived by flattering appearances, to live in a state of hallucination; and can forgive everything but the plain, downright, simple, honest truth.
Alan W. Watts|In looking out upon the world, we forget that the world is looking at itself.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Her vision of the world under the water represented a beautiful stillness, a version of heaven. It was the lost city of Lena, her alternate universe, the life she yearned for but didn't get to have.
Sue Monk Kidd|...The world was really one bee yard, and the same rules work fine in both places. Don't be afraid, as no life-loving bee wants to sting you. Still, don't be an idiot; wear long sleeves and pants. Don't swat. Don't even think about swatting. If you feel angry, whistle. Anger agitates while whistling melts a bee's temper. Act like you know what you're doing, even if you don't. Above all, send the bees love. Every little thing wants to be loved.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|Here is the world, and you live in it, and are grateful. You try to be grateful.
P.D. James, The Children of Men|It was reasonable to struggle, to suffer, perhaps even to die, for a more just, a more compassionate society, but not in a world with no future where, all to soon, the very words "justice," "compassion," "society," "struggle," "evil," would be unheard echoes on an empty air.
Ed Brubaker, Fatale, Book One: Death Chases Me|I loved you, you know... It's not my fault the world is what it is.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|It feels like spoken words, this bridge. I want it but fear it. God, I want so desperately to reach the other side - just like I want the words. I want my words to build bridges strong enough to walk on. I want them to tower over the world so I can stand up on them and walk to the other side.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|A brilliant idea is like a baby in a mothers womb.You need to bring it out in the world, nurture it, feed it, grow it, till it becomes big enough to take care of itself.If you leave it at the stage of an idea itself, it is as good as non existent.
Zakariyya Sheikh|We will all have an end to this journey one day, some will have a great ending some will have it bad, but it’s the journey that they take that matters, in the end.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|... I felt something and vowed that if I ever got a girl I would treat her right and never be bad or dirty to her or hurt her, ever. I vowed it and had all the confidence in the world that I would keep the vow.
Arthur C. Clarke, Childhood's End|That requires as much power as a small radio transmitter--and rather similar skills to operate. For it's the application of the power, not its amount, that matters. How long do you think Hitler's career as a dictator of Germany would have lasted, if wherever he went a voice was talking quietly in his ear? Or if a steady musical note, loud enough to drown all other sounds and to prevent sleep, filled his brain night and day? Nothing brutal, you appreciate. Yet, in the final analysis, just as irresistible as a tritium bomb.
Vishwas Mudagal, Losing My Religion|If you follow your passion, the world will follow yours…
Glen Hirshberg, Best New Horror 16|The fever, I realized, had gone. Beneath my feet, the hardwood floor felt cool on my feet, the air gentle against my itching legs. This was just the world, after all. Big, thoroughly mapped place to sell joy or buy it, hunt company or flee it, trust yourself or your friends or your instincts, stretch the hours as much as you could, and one day vanish. ("Safety Clowns")
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|This person has just arrived on this planet, knows nothing about it, has no standards by which to judge it. This person does not care what it becomes. It is eager to become absolutely anything it is supposed to be.
Daniel C. Tomas|When people divide, things end. Therefore: I won't divide because I don't want this to end.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|I set up and staged hundreds of ends-of-the-world and watched, enthralled, as they played themselves out.
Burl Barer, The Saint|Well, if you don’t like the idea of one world, how many worlds do you want, and how would you like them divided? By race? By religion? By income? Unless you have a spare planet in your pocket, one world is all we have.
Lara Biyuts, The Sunless Parlour|…but he realized he would never reconcile himself to life as something other than a prelude. What’s life’s meaning then? What is it? What does make the world go round, not letting hope die? What do people dream about, watching the endless flow of years? They dream. A dream, that’s it. We live for our only dream, which can lead us, hand in hand, through our life; for the dream we reconcile ourselves to any frustrations and we shall struggle for releasing its silky wings from the net of reality. (The right to a mistake.)
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Master, how do I know that I am not dreaming right now ?Master of Stupidity: You don’t. Only those who see you're dreaming can tell it.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|tears,love,life	Who knows how many tears have flown in the Word of God from the creation of the world?
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|The universe, they say, depended for its operation on the balance of four forces which they identified as charm, persuasion, uncertainty, and bloody-mindedness.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|I enjoy it when the world smiles; the more smiles, the warmer I am.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Somewhere in this small world, you can find a place where everyone appreciates you more than you think you deserve.
Eloise Dyson, Divided|It’s funny. From up here, the destruction seems to fade. Almost as if like people, in time, even the world can heal itself.
Vi Keeland, First Thing I See|Candace doesn't have to worry about me being busy in my world without you, because you are my world.
Denis Diderot|Do you see this egg? With this you can topple every theological theory, every church or temple in the world.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|How will people remember you when you are gone? And for how long until they forget? Were you selfish or selfless? A gossip or a patient listener? Did you add value to the world, or did you simply take from it? Did you add value to the lives of others, or did you take the value out of someone's life? Were you a plus or negative? Meaningful or meaningless? Do you live to take or live to give?
Gugu Mona|When you imitate others in real life, you deny the world benefits of your uniqueness. So be who you were born to be!.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Unleash your mighty words, and with them, recreate a new and more beautiful world for all.
Carl ''Cal'' Tuohey, Gray Hair, Black Belt: Earning a Black Belt After Age 50|One day, we will live in a world without salads. It is a dream I have.
Roman Rolland|there is only one true heroism in the world: to see the world as it is, and to love it
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|She looked out the window; in her eyes was the light that you see only in children arriving at a new place, or in young people still open to new influences, still curious about the world because they have not yet been scarred by life.
Lian Hearn, Across the Nightingale Floor|But just as the river is always at the door, so is the world always outside. And it is in the world that we have to live.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Heat|Georgina," He murmured, pulling me closer. "You are the world.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|When magic through nerves and reason passes, Imagination, force, and passion will thunder. The portrait of the world is changed.
Rachel Corrie|I got a number of very thoughtful responses to the email I sent out last night, most of which I don’t have time to respond to right now. Thanks everyone for the encouragement, questions, criticism. Daniel’s response was particularly inspiring to me and deserves to be shared. The resistance of Israeli Jewish people to the occupation and the enormous risk taken by those refusing to serve in the Israeli military offers an example, especially for those of us living in the United States, of how to behave when you discover that atrocities are being commited in your name. Thank you.
LouAnne Johnson, Dangerous Minds|I know you kids are angry, because the world isn't fair. Well, get over it, because it's never going to be fair. The white boys have all the money and all the power and that's the way it is. And they aren't going to give it up - to you or to me. And you can't blame them for it because if you had it, you wouldn't give it to them, either. But fighting each other isn't going to fix anything. All it's going to do is let everybody go on insisting that black and Hispanic kids are ignorant and violent. That's perfect. It's easy. If you're ignorant and violent, people who don't like you can kick you out of school or put you in jail. And it's you own fault.
Michel de Montaigne, Apology for Raymond Sebond|Can anything be imagined so ridiculous, that this miserable and wretched creature [man], who is not so much as master of himself, but subject to the injuries of all things, should call himself master and emperor of the world, of which he has not power to know the least part, much less to command the whole?
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|Arrival in the world is really a departure and that, which we call departure, is only a return.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|When you walk on the face of a world, then forgiveness comes.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|The world contained in a seed, Determined by its program.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Mr. Nakata, this world is a terribly violent place. And nobody can escape the violence. Please keep that in mind. You can't be too cautious. The same holds true for cats and human beings.
Alain de Botton|Pegging your contentment to the overall state of the world rather than of your own life: the basis of morality, or a sort of madness?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I would rather have strong enemies than a world of passive individualists. In a world of passive individualists nothing seems worth anything simply because nobody stands for anything. That world has no convictions, no victories, no unions, no heroism, no absolutes, no heartbeat. That world has rigor mortis.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Never look for justice in this world, never cease to give it.
Anne Ursu, Breadcrumbs|She looked at her shelves, filled with books in which the bad stuff that happened to people was caused by things like witches who lured people into the woods. In a weird way, the world seemed to make more sense that way.
Anne Ursu, Breadcrumbs|Now, the world is more than it seems to be. You know this, of course, because you read stories. You understand that there is the surface and then there are all the things that glimmer and shift underneath it. And you know that not everyone believes in those things, that there are people—a great many people—who believe the world cannot be any more than what they can see with their eyes. But we know better.
Albert Camus|The evil that is in the world always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence, if they lack understanding. On the whole, men are more good than bad; that, however, isn’t the real point. But they are more or less ignorant, and it is this that we call vice or virtue; the most incorrigible vice being that of an ignorance that fancies it knows everything and therefore claims for itself the right to kill. The soul of the murderer is blind; and there can be no true goodness nor true love without the utmost clear-sightedness.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|My world had for some years been Lowood: my experience had been of its rules and systems; now I remembered that the real world was wide, and that a varied field of hopes and fears, of sensations and excitements, awaited those who had courage to go forth into its expanse, to seek real knowledge of life amidst its perils.
Abdulrazak Gurnah, By the Sea|I speak to maps. And sometimes they something back to me. This is not as strange as it sounds, nor is it an unheard of thing. Before maps, the world was limitless. It was maps that gave it shape and made it seem like territory, like something that could be possessed, not just laid waste and plundered. Maps made places on the edges of the imagination seem graspable and placable.
Hark Herald Sarmiento|We should set our goals; then learn to control our appetites. Otherwise, we will lose ourselves in the confusion of the world.
İlhan Berk|I don't know about you, the world is here to be mythologized. It has, therefore, no other end. Transforming into myth, to be a myth! That's what we call eternity.
Carol Emshwiller, Carmen Dog|The world looks so beautiful! She wonders how one can not do for it anything that needs to be done, or at least all one can do.
Bhikkus|I do not dispute with the world, it is the world that disputes with me. A speaker of Dhamma does not dispute with anyone in the world.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|There is no longer waiting for anyone, but for death.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The weight of the world is a trifle, if we all put our two fingers under it and try to lift together.
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|I couldn't decide how to feel about what he was saying, whether it was all nonsense or just more evidence that I would never understand this world.
Steven Magee|High altitude astronomy is a strange world of oxygen starvation, sleep deprivation and radiation sickness.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|When the world is too much, create your own. I do it everyday.
Cory Doctorow, Homeland|No, I mean I'm sorry that you've inherited such a miserable, collapsing Old Country. A place where rich Bankers own everything, where you've got to be grateful for a part-time job with no benefits and no retirement plan, where the most health insurance you can afford is being careful and hoping you don't get sick, where --
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|The kingdoms of kings are confined, either by mountains or rivers, or by a change in customs or by a difference of language; but my kingdom is as great as the world, because I am neither Italian, nor French, nor Hindu, nor American, nor a Spaniard; I am a cosmopolitan. No country can claim to be my birthplace, God alone knows in which region I shall die. I adopt every custom, I speak every tongue [... ] In this way, you see, being of no country, asking for the protection of no goverment and acknowledging no man as my brother, I am not restrained or hampered by a single one of the scruples that tie the hands of the powerful or the obstacles that block the path of the weak.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces|Furthermore, we have not even to risk the adventure alone; for the heroes of all time have gone before us; the labyrinth is thoroughlyknown; we have only to follow the thread of the heropath. And where we had thought to find an abomination, we shall find a god; where we had thought to slay another, we shall slay ourselves; where we had thought to travel outward, weshall come to the center of our own existence; where we had thought to be alone, we shall be with all the world.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Don't judge me by my appearance,by my looks,My Soul has a beautiful decorated Grave
Benjamin Alire Sáenz|I mean, when do we start feeling like the world belongs to us?I wanted to tell him that the world would never belong to us. 'I don't know', I said. 'Tomorrow.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|i didn't choose dark , neither dark chose mei didn't choose lonely , neither lonely choose mei didn't choose pain , neither pain choose me i didn't choose to live in hell , neither hell chose mei'm thrown there and force to be in that and i cant oppose Because you can't oppose when Something God Do for you.And i keep that person near to my God i trusted and love Even more then God.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|May i have pain,but I don't have regret,that for whom I left all that person my beloved betrayed me.more I have regret for that child who's mother don't love and don't care and worry about his life.and betrayed him by broke his swears
Garth Greenwell|[L]ike poems, cruising carves privacy out of public spaces. Poems are a kind of private communication that occurs in public speech. And I think cruising is that too: a training in reading occult codes; a way of seeing a significance in the world that most people don’t see.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Biggest truth of life , which we all must accept.how beautiful love looks in movies and in books in real life it's absolutely opposite.more than 90 % people play game on the name of love and more than 90% people get betrayed.in real life love there is no respect or love and there is no value of beloved person feeling and emotions.many people come out from hell and start new life but the dirty part of it this many of die in that pain which another no one can not understand and can not feel.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Relationship for someone it's like to life, as life happens once its happens once.Relationship for someone it's like a night,which come every day in new forma with new dreams, same like this every new night,new person, new relation.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|We really never so important for people as much as we think and feel.Do not afraid to live and die alone. it is not a pity at all , its much better to live in fake relation and with people who do not love you and do not have respect and value of your love.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Child think mother is my protector who save me from all bad , but what is , if mother herself throw child life in risk by break child swear continuously, is it not betrayal to that child and child feelings ? what is the meaning of love ? that kiss every day and say i love you ? or cooking good food and buy new dress and toys ? take care of life ,or love is mean to respect feelings ? if it is love then why there is no fear of life and why there is no respect of feelings.Doesn't matter its your beloved or child"Respect of feelings is The love
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|sometime people ask me , how to deal with pain.and i reply them in one line. " make it your best Friend
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Give good toys to your children and teach them Human Values and About Human Life,Teach them difference between human and toys.Teach them Toys do not breath But Human Do. Teach them Toy do not feel pain But Human Do.Teach them Things for use and Human for love. otherwise they will start Play with humans,They will think they are good Alive Toys and will never realize how they destroyed someone's life.
Charmaine J Forde|If we could think about somebody else other than ourselves for a few minutes a day, this world would be so much better off.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|On the train I saw that world passing my window. It was when I came to see it was I who was passing that my self-centered childhood was over. But it was not until I began to write, that I found the world out there revealing, because memory had become attached to seeing, love had added itself to discovery, and because I recognized in my own continuing longing to keep going, the need I carried inside myself to know - the apprehension, first, and then the passion, to connect myself to it. Through travel I first became aware of the outside world; it was through travel that I found my own introspective way into becoming a part of it. This is, of course, simply saying that the outside world is the vital component of my inner life. My imagination takes its strength and guides its direction from what I see and hear and learn and feel and remember of my living world. But I was to learn slowly that both these worlds, outer and inner, were different from what they seemed to me in the beginning.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|when i open eyes in the morning, it's just like GOD Sprinkle salt on my wounds
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Your pain and your hurt is no matter for anyone.Now human value is just like a bottle of Coca-Cola,people are interested in you till they are enjoying sip up to their mood after that they throw you in dustbin and search another drink
Irfan Haidar|Stars, Seas, Mountains, Bridges, Roads and Tunnels Are Manmade.
Anthony T. Hincks|The world is a giant zoo. The trouble is, not all of the animals are civilized.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|She (my mother) stood always prepared in herself to challenge the world in our place. She did indeed tend to make the world look dangerous, and so it had been to her. A way had to be found around her love sometimes, without challenging that, and at the same time cherishing it in its unassailable strength. Each of us children did, sooner or later, in part at least, solve this in different, respectful, complicated ways.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|people do not see your pain , they just search laughing moment to laugh on you
Dada Bhagwan|One becomes all encompassing (sarvasva, the work is completed), when one can see the world as completely faultless (nirdosh).
Heather Demetrios, I'll Meet You There|Sometimes it was hard to breathe, knowing how small my world could be. Maybe in San Francisco it wouldn't feel like the universe was conspiring to keep me in a bubble.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|My world has just become perfect, midnight is also noonday, pain is also joy, a curse is also a blessing, the night is also a sun – be gone, or you will learn: a wise man is also a fool.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|This world, the eternally imperfect, the eternal and imperfect image of a contradiction – an intoxicating joy to its imperfect creator – that is what I once thought the world.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|as if a round apple presented itself to my hand, a ripe, golden apple with a soft, cool, velvety skin - thus the world presented itself to me -	as if a tree nodded to me, a wide-branching, strong-willed tree, bent for reclining and as a footstool for the way-weary: thus the world stood upon my headland -	as if tender hands brought me a casket - a casket open for the delight of modest, adoring eyes: thus the world presented himself before me today - 	not so enigmatic as to frighten away human love, not so explicit as to put to sleep human wisdom - a good, human thing was the world to me today, this world of which so many evil things are said!
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Always smiling ,Has not he put smile on your face too ?clam and rational ,Was not he there when you needed him ? He was always there to listen to you,Right ? He always stopped to help you,He was always on your side and stayed with you through any challenge you encountered, Didn't He ? But has anybody ever though about how "he' really feels ? Has anybody wondered what his heart wants? No ! But that is alright,He fights by himself,That's the curse of a strong heart because nobody asks whether its hurt,That's Zaki That's his Story
Adriana Mather, How to Hang a Witch|My dad always says that you don't get to choose what happens in the world, only how you react to it.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|if someone loves you , they do not feel hesitation to accept their mistake and don't feel shame to be sorry to save you if you are worth for them.And if there is no love there is no efforts but people take a chance as opportunity to make smart exit from your life and throw out you from their life As they start with someone another.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|My Father don't think i deserve to get wish from him on children dayAnd i am not father for my children so they wish me on father's day But Silently i wish them on their days.Love is not only show off of love.Keep love alive inside you, God is aware of your feelings Doesn't matter if people don't
Yixing Zhang, 而立·24|Living in this world, the person we are most unfamiliar with is probably ourselves.
Makoto Shinkai, Your Name.|Even if the world is cruel, even if all I have is loneliness, I’ll still live with everything I’ve got. Even if this emotion is all I have, I’ll keep struggling.
Charmaine J Forde|The best feeling in the world, is to be able to help someone else other than yourself.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Do not excited and take it easy if someone say "I love you"some people have nature to chance their love more fast than Chameleon change colors.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|I like nothing better in this world than a good clean book, brother.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|There are only 2 type of people in this world 1 st those respect self, respect others, live with dignity and honest 2 nd those sell their soul.and cheat all everyone from human to God
Anthony T. Hincks|When we are born our eyes open onto the world.When we learn the truth about the world we choose to close our eyes to the world around us.And when we die, we open our eyes for that last time to see that in our ignorance, we could have changed the world for all to see.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|My Mistake - i trusted My fault - i believed My Bad - i open my heart My Muff - i was honest My Lapse - i was caring Good People of today's world do not have all that things.So if someone have .surly deserve Punishment ,Betrayal , cheating and wounds on Heart and Soul
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|No Body Want your lovePeople are here for fun,Money,Sex, Flirting Enjoyment interesting game.So Do not Expect Much and Do not Hurt.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Only my death can full fill the dream ,My soul will around you and you will unknown about it
Erik Pevernagie|In a world spoiled by the obituary of attention and the dormancy of empathy, people are coming up short of authentic emotion. (“The upper lip must never tremble”)
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio, Fever|The world was a sick animal, a sort of huge cancerous tumour, a thing of bubbling liquids, whitish patches, dribbling pus, fantastic pimples of dead skin that grew in all directions, swelled up, became more and more like fuzzy hair. The right thing would be to go away, to vanish for ever from the face of the sun.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|I do not write feelings, emotions i do not writeAfter that day on love anything i do not writeMy silence scream somewhere inside me These are my Bloody wounds on paper,words i do not write
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Cigarette smoking is injurious to health,After all it's pretty good than peoples.They injurious to Soul
Oli Anderson, Dialogue / Ego - Real Communication|Dialogue helps us to acknowledge that we see the world not as it is, but as we are.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|In the world of technology,In the world of Internet , information,teachings knowledge are spreading so fast but sad no one want to apply or follow because everyone is busy to share.
Brandi Gomez, No War Is Anyone's War|When reality was just tilted on an axis, a world continued to spin. This is me.
Tony Kushner, Angels in America|You can't live in the world without an idea of the world, but it's living that makes the ideas. You can't wait for a theory, but you have to have a theory.
Juliet Castle|In a world of common nonsense, our best defence is common sense.
Allison Brennan|He had to get out, get some space between him and the world, just to breathe.
Erik Pevernagie|If reshaping a life style boils down to pretending and dwindling into a world of make-believe, living may turn into a schizophrenic merry-go-round and the real self might be crunched and munched on, piece by piece. (“He did not know that she knew”)
D.S Mashego|While others allow failure to define them, othersallow lack or abundance to define them. You cannot define yourself that way! You may have failed in the past but that is not the end of the world. You may be living inpoverty but poverty is not your destiny. Please hear me out; do not attach value to your bad life experiences. Learn from them but do not lose focus. Your focusmust be on your assignment; which is the ultimate reason for your existence.
Munia Khan|Sitting in a corner, I live like a toad Oh! How I love my room: my tiny abode! Here I wake up; and I sleep in hereThe world far away; yet virtually near Not that I'm jailed in this place of graceJust don't want to face another face
D.S Mashego|When God created you, He already had a plan for your life. Before he brought you into this world, He had already put together a blue print for your life. Your responsibility is to figure out what that blue-print is and run with it.
Akif Pirinçci, Felidae|Everyone wants to rule the world . . . Really, absolutely everyone. That's what it's all about, isn't it? That's what it's always about in the end. And every species believes it's number one. Every individual is firmly convinced that he or she alone has the right to ascend to the throne and issue orders to get rid of others. And in reality everyone is fooling themselves, because up there on the throne it's lonely and cold.
Gift Gugu Mona|I am thankful to God everyday for the Gift of Life because even if I were the richest in the world, I still wouldn't afford to buy Life.
Gift Gugu Mona|Be thankful for every mountain, because it's the mountaintop that will give you best view of the world.
Erik Pevernagie|When perception, thoughtfulness and understanding do meet, we can fashion a range of viable expectations and craft a world of togetherness. ("Morning after")
F.K. Preston|What is infinity? I haven’t a clue.But maybe that’s the whole point I’ve been attempting to explain to you.The fact that it’s not knownOr seenOr heard.Infinity is every person, every being, every bird. Infinity is a simple mystery.It looks like a mystery.Tastes mysterious.Feels like something completely delirious. We cannot imagine what this sound could be.All we can imagine is infinity.
John D. MacDonald, Pale Gray for Guilt|It's a tricky, complex, indifferent society, Puss. It's a loophole world. And there are a lot of clever animals who know how to reach through the loopholes and pick the pockets of the unsuspecting.
Anthony T. Hincks|In a world full of slavery,is it any wonder then that we cannot understand what it is to be free.
Erik Pevernagie|While we are curling down in our comfort zone, the perverted talents of connectivity-designers drive us surreptitiously into a blind alley of addiction. If, however, we succeed in impeding mobiles' unlimited rule, we may be able to relish the fragrance of the ‘moment’ but also sense the vital spark and spirit of “otherness”. ("Even if the world goes down, my mobile will save me")
Anthony T. Hincks|When we are born,It is into a strange world.And when we live life,We find that we are all strangers.Yet when we die,We find that we were all friends who never knew it.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Timing is everything, call it a plan; there is nothing in this world that can trouble you more than your own thoughts.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|There is much of our world, we do not see. So, it is easy to assume nothing exciting happens in our quadrant of space, but we are dead wrong. Crazy, impossible things occur all the time. We simply need to know where to look.
J.R. Rim|The more you get set into your own world, the smaller your world becomes.
Avijeet Das|The World is quick to label you, but it will take ages to take a stand!
Avijeet Das|The world is crazy about amassing guns, bombs and wealth of humongous proportions, but it will not give knowledge a second glance!
Sunday Adelaja|There is a mighty force, energy and ability inside us that has not yet been noticed by the world
Madhu Kiran (Software Engg)|If really god is there, then God created us.If really god is not there, then we created God(Our creativity).
Jawwad Zafar|Life is like a poetry, without meaning or purpose - it's useless.
Sunday Adelaja|If you don’t find yourself and purpose, the world will be worse for it
Sunday Adelaja|The world will lose something if you do not find yourself, if you do not answer the question “Who am I
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not carry out your mission, the world will lose what God created you to do
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not carry out your mission, your gift to the world will be buried with other riches
Sunday Adelaja|Identifying someone by his, or her, outward appearance is often the first and most common error in the world
Claudia Gray, Defy the Stars|We are this world. Its next generation. If you’re not trying to save us, then what exactly are you trying to save?
J.M. Frey|Heroes can save the world, but villains can change it.
Davan Yahya Khalil|The world is full of countries that have only come into existence in the last couple of hundred years, or even in the last few decades, while changes to borders are happening every day.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|The situation on Earth today is too dire for us to act from habit—to reenact again and again the same kinds of solutions that brought us to our present extremity. Where does the wisdom to act in entirely new ways come from? It comes from nowhere, from the void; it comes from inaction. When we see it, we realize it was right in front of us all along. It is never far away; yet at the same time it is in a different universe—a different Story of the World.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are a follower of Jesus Christ , then the world around you will also be subdued
Sunday Adelaja|It doesn’t matter how hard the world tries to get the sons of God, everything is turned around for their good
Sunday Adelaja|If you believe that everyone born of God overcomes the world, your country will see the beautiful morning of a new life
Sunday Adelaja|A person who lives by the rules of the world cannot resist the devil, cannot fight him
Sunday Adelaja|He who is born of God, overcomes the world
Dustin Long, Icelander|Though in this world there are phenomena that might justly be termed "strange," there are no phenomena that cannot -- given sufficient information -- be explained. This is not to suggest that for every effect there is a cause, of course. That is an assumption that we are not prepared to make, less it launch us ineluctably down the path of determinism. This is only to suggest, rather, that there is no "thing" that exists without some relation to at least one other "thing," and it is the matrix of a "thing's" relationship that determines its meaning in the larger context of the world. Even something strange can be explained by tracing its relational lines of flight, however casual or casual they may be.
Nitesh Sabne|The truth of the world is like Air, which is there but unexplainable.
Shonali Dey|In a world hooked in "Start-ups"She was his final "Settle-down"-The Drenched Writer
Sunday Adelaja|God desires for the whole world to see Him, so that he can conquer the world and make it His footstool
Akshay Vasu|The day she realised, it was not about the world but was all about her, she grew the wings. The day she understood she was not answerable to any of them who always blamed and pointed her, she had the fire blazing in her eyes. She raised and soared towards the sky. The whole world looked at her in awe and wished if only they could be her. She was not confined to be on the ground anymore. She had the wings of fire and she left a trail everywhere she went, for other to follow.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|If you pour everything you have into this life, this world, which is temporary and fading, you're jeopardizing your relationship with God, the only thing that's eternal.
Bertrand Russell|In the visible world, the Milky Way is a tiny fragment; within this fragment, the solar system is an infinitesimal speck, and of this speck our planet is a microscopic dot. On this dot, tiny lumps of impure carbon and water, of complicated structure, with somewhat unusual physical and chemical properties, crawl about for a few years, until they are dissolved again into the elements of which they are compounded.
Raubin Chaudhary|He hid in the crowd, she hid in herself.
Nancy Garden, Annie on My Mind|And that's like my world." Annie pointed up to the stars again."Inaccecible.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|Ty swept his arms around, encompassing everything around them, the vast campus above. “All this. The fucking shark that eats the world.
Nancy Garden, Annie on My Mind|And that's like my world." Annie pointed up to the stars again. "Inaccessible."  "Not," I said to her softly, "to unicorns. Nothing's inaccessible to unicorns. Not even--not even white birds.
Deyth Banger, Code|The problem of the world is that it needs silence... compassion and passion. Once it's found, the world will be changed.
Gift Gugu Mona|Sometimes you will do good things and not get an acknowledgement for it. Don't let that dishearten you, the world is a better place with your good deeds.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|The world is full of stories, but the stories are all one.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|I was trying to make the web more civil. I was trying to make it more elegant. I got rid of anonymity. I combined a thousand disparate elements into one unified system. But I didn’t picture a world where Circle membership was mandatory, where all government and all life was channeled through one network.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Mysterious Murder of Marilyn Monroe|Inequality and poverty, health and wealth are hand in hand. And if we are all born equal that should be true in all lands. We cannot divide the world between poor and rich countries. It's like saying the ones are good, the others are junkies. That can only increase more prejudice, miseries and sorrow. Turning the wheel today it will lead to a better tomorrow.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|You can’t make a small world for yourself, because what are you going to do when that small world implodes?
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|When you know the impact of little expenses, you will realise that there is nothing little in this world.
Charlotte Eriksson|Dear world, I am excited to be alive in you, and I am thankful for another year.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|But my world fell apart, and all they could do, the whole universe, was to silently move on.
B. Damani|How lonely it is!To be drowning,in a placewhere everyone can swim.
Agatha Christie, Evil Under the Sun|Everything is possible, isn't it? The world soon teaches one that!
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|When you know as much as we do, nothing matters. Things just repeat. Day and night, summer and winter. The world is empty and aimless. Everything circles around. Whatever starts up must pass away,whatever is born must die. It all cancels out, good or bad, beautiful or ugly.
Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World|My husband was very eager to take me out of purdah. One day I said to him, "What do I want with the outside world?""The outside world may want you," he replied.
Albert Einstein|The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|It's time to get healed. It's time to confess. Falling for the bait doesn't make you the worst person in the world. You were snared. You were hooked. But you don't have to stay that way. Now is the time to deal with the shackles that keep you enslaved. Today you can leave the prison that sexual immorality has created from your past mistakes. Hear your Father's voice call out to you above the noisy clamor of our culture. He says, "I love you. You're free to go now. Sexual sin has no hold on you.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling|We're not outside the world... We are the world. We're its language. So we live and it lives. You see? If we don't say the words, what is their in our world?
Anil prajapati|In the whole world, Everyone is a creative with their own way and idea.
Akshay Vasu|You will never really get, how really everything works in my world. How the colour of the sky changes every now and then, and how deep the sea gets in there. How volcanoes and rivers flow together, and how demons and angels fall in love in there. How stormy a night can get and how bright a day can be. How ruined the home is, but how vibrant the feelings are in there.
Erik Pevernagie|When we stay locked up in the spectrum of unsolved life stories and keep hiding in an arcane prism, life remains a mystery behind perpetual tensions and a journey in a world beyond appearances. (“Une femme peut en cacher une autre")
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|The world always says the same thing. And in that patient truth which proceeds from star to star is established a freedom that releases us from ourselves and from others, as in that other patient truth which proceeds from death to death.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|The world is always satisfied, it turns out, with countenance it can understand. Indolence and cowardice do the rest. Independence is earned by a few words of cheap confidence.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|Living above the world, each discovering his own weight, seeing his face brighten and darken with the day, the night, each of the four inhabitants of the house was aware of a presence that was at once a judge and a justification among them. The world, here, became a personage, counted among those from whom advice is gladly taken, those in whom equilibrium has not killed love.
Deyth Banger|Films are about entering the world from distance... little being part of all people, series are all about entering the whole world with both feet... being part of all main characters or not only the main... but the killers... victims.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|We are not sure whether the world ever physically comes to extinction. It may or it may not. But, the moment a person dies everything comes to extinction for him. His world is devastated….I believe that one should fully live the life before it comes to extinction.
Deyth Banger|World is getting stranger and stranger... I think there is interesting perspective in the series "Falling Water".
Mehmet Murat ildan|World is full of lost lives, full of unfortunate souls ruined in the name of unreasonable religious rules!
Deyth Banger|There is a glitch in the Matrix ("Real World")… Illusions is one of them.
Deyth Banger|To live in this world "Real World", you should be FUCKING nerd.
El Fuego|Go without the latest iPhone, explore the world and discover...
Gina Wings, Secrets of a Perfect Hair Color: Adventures of an Urban Woman|It was said that the world is a stage, and if that's true… the show must go on no matter what happens. With that being true, we're all actors playing our parts… and what is acting in its core, but reacting… perceiving and reacting to what's been served?
Faisal Nawaz Maitlo|Beautiful and alluring things of the world always fascinate us, and there is no way to have them unless we are beautiful.
Jodi Picoult, Small Great Things|What if the puzzle of the world was a shape you didn't fit into? And the only way to survive was to mutilate yourself, carve away your corners, sand yourself down, modify yourself to fit? How come we haven't been able to change the puzzle instead?
Angie karan|Look for the inner ANGEL in yourself. Doing good and spreading JOY can be as natural here on Earth as it is in Heaven. Sharing our LOVE is not only easy to do, it is what we are meant to do. May we take the time today to find the inner angel inside ourselves. I hope that we let that angel out to bless the world with our love and always remember that we don't need wings to fly!
Gustave Flaubert, Correspondance|Contact with the world, with which I have been steadily rubbing shoulders now for fourteen months, makes me feel more and more like returning to my shell. I hate the crowd, the herd. It seems to me always atrociously stupid or vile.
Ben Lerner, The Hatred of Poetry|Poetry arises from the desire to get beyond the finite and the historical—the human world of violence and difference—and to reach the transcendent or divine. You're moved to write a poem, you feel called upon to sing, because of that transcendent impulse. But as soon as you move from that impulse to the actual poem, the song of the infinite is compromised by the finitude of its terms.
Look Im A Cat|The Only Way You Can truly Know yourself, Is to Leave Your World And Experience Others.
Charmaine J. Forde|I only have one enemy in this world and she can be very complicated. After forty one years, I still haven't figured her out as yet, but I will -trust me- I am still working on a formula for you Algebra.
Sarah Ruhl, The Oldest Boy: A Play in Three Ceremonies|Every day as I wave to my children when I drop them off at school, or let one of them have a new experience—like crossing the street without holding my hand—I experience the struggle between love and non-attachment. It is hard to bear—the extreme love of one’s child and the thought that ultimately the child belongs to the world. There is this horrible design flaw—children are supposed to grow up and away from you; and one of you will die first.
Deyth Banger|That's the world something simpler... humans, mankinds make it complex.
Angie karan|Every single person is gifted. Every single person has an amazing thing and an amazing perspective to offer life! It is inherent in every single person, in each and everyone of us! We ALL have GREATNESS within us! Greatness is every person's venue and birthright, and we have something amazing to offer the world and society. And that is our authentic awesome self. The world needs this now, more than ever!﻿
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|These conquerors of the world are slaves to their passions, and someday their passions will bring them down.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|16. Christians should never consult astrologers, psychics, or those who practice witchcraft (see Isaiah 47:13-14). They are usually phonies who only pretend to have extrasensory powers. But in some cases, they are working in cooperation with Satan. Rather than tamper with this evil world, the one true God wants us to bring our needs, problems, and decisions to Him. He has promised to lead us into all truth (see John 8:32).
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|We all live in the sublime. Where else can we live? That is the only place of life.… All that happens to us is divinely great, and we are always in the centre of a great world. But we must accustom ourselves to live like an angel who has just sprung to life, like a woman who loves, or a man on the point of death. If you knew that you were going to die to-night, or merely that you would have to go away and never return, would you, looking upon men and things for the last time, see them in the same light that you have hitherto seen them? Would you not love as you never yet have loved?
Munia Khan|Happiness is the most magical thing in this world the amount of which remains the same, even after distributing it amongst innumerable unhappy people.
Mario Quintana|No one knows if I'm dying to laugh or to crySo my verse hasthis almost imperceptible thrillLife is sad, the world is crazy!Not worth killing yourself for itNot for anyoneFor no loveLife goes on, indifferently!
Megan Miranda, Vengeance|My mother always wanted to live near the water," she said. "She said it's the one thing that brings us all together. That I can have my toe in the ocean off the coast of Maine, and a girl my age can have her toe in the ocean off the coast of Africa, and we would be touching. On opposite sides of the world.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|Bithia seemed wise in the ways of the world, but she was completely ignorant of what she brought upon herself. Commerce with the powers of darkness might gain her what she desired for the moment, but at what cost in the end?
Anthony Liccione|It was uncontrollable, overpowered by others, these colors within me, staring out at a black and white world; without spurning about, wanting to rule, too much negligence, they left me no choice, but to surrender. It was time, had to crash the lightning, and bow to the rain, where promises have broken, and pain still reigns. Had to give up myself and bring life to the world, had to. Dye
Enock Maregesi|I wanted to do something new. The world is becoming a global village and we have to understand these different cultures. There is a Danish culture, an Israeli culture and so on. So if you want to go to Denmark, then read the book.
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|So, show the world, make it seeYou are you, and I am me.
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|In the Black Palace, in the capital city below, the man know as the Patron – Martel the Mighty, ruler of this dark world - had packed his coffers and was now also, presumably, making good his escape. For the Corsair elite and ruling class – those whose hands were literally dripping blood, profiteering from the bloodshed and violence that terrorized dozens of worlds - escape was the only option left and he would not be the only one to mount an escape attempt, nor be the only one to succeed. For years to come, there would be countless bounties offered on missing prominent Corsairs that had slipped through the net, with the occasional report of so-and-so being spotted on some or other rim world, presumably sporting a new beard and a pair of sunglasses – which might have raised a few eyebrows in the case of the many female Corsairs.
Dominic Riccitello|He was my entire world. He still is. My best friend, lover, partner in crime and my other soul. But he didn’t agree. A person isn’t supposed to be your entire world, he said. But he’s wrong. When you love yourself, you love others. When you find yourself, you find others. When you create your world and it’s thriving, you create others. And I built an entire world for him. For us. As he once built for me.
Sameh Elsayed|If those who know leave those who don't, don't....... the world will turn to a school teaching ignorance.
Herman Melville|You cannot spill a drop of American blood without spilling the blood of the whole world.... We are not a nation, so much as a world.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|The world is inseparable from the subject, but from a subject which is nothing but a project of the world, and the subject is inseparable from the world, but from a world which the subject itself projects.
Siobhan Curham, The Moonlight Dreamers|Why, in a world where there is love, would you ever choose hate?
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|Start thinking for yourself, ask 'why?' and even venture to say 'why should I?' and pretty soon you will have half the world at your throat for being a 'trouble maker'.
Dean F. Wilson, Skyshaker|The thought had crossed my mind, that in order to save this world from Hell, I might have to become the Devil.
Christina Engela, For Love of Leelah|Is there any good left in the world/ And if there is, can you still find it in the places that matter? Why is it that the only places i see it now, is in the graves of the victims, and the tears of those who mourn them?
Patricia Highsmith|Each person carries around in himself a terrible other world of hell and the unknown. It is an enormous pit reaching below the deepest crater of the earth, or it is the thinnest air far beyond the moon. But it is frightening and essentially “unlike” man as he knows himself familiarly, so we spend all our days living at the other antipodes of ourself.
Steven Magee|Snow cleaning of the world's largest telescope mirrors was an impressive sight. The optics technicians would climb into a huge telescopic boom lift and spray immense clouds of cold carbon dioxide snow and gas onto the ten meter diameter mirrors high above the floor indoors. It would cause some of the accumulated dirt to magically fall off, leaving it less dirty.
Steven Magee|As a sea level adapted human, I am more fearful about the radiation levels on top of high altitude mountains, mile high modern cities and inside jet aircraft than from nuclear reactors and bombs, as that is where I get the most radiation exposures in the modern world.
Christina Engela|When facts are misrepresented in order to serve an opinion or to promote it aggressively - especially an opinion which demonstrably results in people being victimized, persecuted, and their lives destroyed in many places in the world, it should be a matter of concern to everyone who wants people to be treated equally, fairly and justly.
Saminu Kanti|I know who I am. I am not perfect. I'm not the most "DOWN-TO-EARTH" man in the world. But I'm one of them.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I feign fullness, but in reality I am achingly empty. And it is because I too often sit at the table of the world instead of the feet of God.
Kathleen Winter, Annabel|They can admit the new world exists, dangerous and irresistible. Cosy is not what awakening youth wants. Safety is not what it wants. The material world is not what it wants either.
Akshay Vasu|Everything you have said will not matter anymore one day, only those things that you never said will always haunt you and strangle you every time you see your world in someone else's hand.
Neymat Khan|Find yourself, so you will find the world inside you, love yourself and you will feel the world is loving you.
Neymat Khan|After the barter system money was introduced to the world and it had a limited value, but as the time passed it's value increased and now in 21st century money is given the value of GOD.
Neymat Khan|This is bullshit, things which are shown to us are totally opposite it is not the Hero with the feelings but the villain who have a reason to destroy the world and not only a reason but a real reason.
Bianca Sparacino|Trust that some of the best days of your life haven’t even happened yet. There are going to be parties that leave you dancing until 6am, spontaneous adventures that teach you more than you ever learned in a classroom. There are going to be nights that will stay burned beneath your eyelids, memories that dance underneath your skin. Life is going to exceed your expectations, it is going to astonish you with its timing.Remember — you have not felt it all.The world still has so much left for you
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I see only my bias, I have surrendered to a single myopic lens through which to view the world. If I dare to surrender my bias, I will spend the rest of my life seeing the world and throwing away lenses.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|Versifying left her cold. Poems were too close to prayer, rousing regrettable passions. Waiting for God to rescue you when it was up to you. Poetry and prayer put ideas in people's heads that got them killed, distracting them from the ruthless mechanism of the world.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There is nothing sacred about any beliefs! They are all the apparent inventions of human mind! Beliefs of the billions have nothing to do with the truth! If the world can stop deceiving itself, there will emerge a new world, a world that represents the truth!
Lemony Snicket, Why Is This Night Different from All Other Nights?|Ellington Feint was a line in my mind running right down the middle of my life, separating the formal training of my childhood and the territory of the rest of my days. She was an axis, and at that moment and for many moments afterward, my entire world revolved around her.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|If nothing else, it's pleasant to consider the possibility. He likes the thought of ships moving over the water, toward another world just out of sight.
Jeannette Walls|I wondered if the fire had been out to get me. I wondered if all fire was related, like Dad said all humans were related, if the fire that had burned me that day while I cooked hot dogs was somehow connected to the fire I had flushed down the toilet and the fire burning at the hotel. I didn’t have the answers to those questions, but what I did know was that I lived in a world that that at any moment could erupt into fire. It was the sort of knowledge that kept you on your toes.
Matthew Quick, Every Exquisite Thing|There are a lot of lonely kids in this world, but the problem is that they don't know about each other. If the lonely kids could just team up, a lot of good things would happen, but the world is incredibly afraid of lonely people teaming up, and so it does its best to keep them apart.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|whenever a new thing is required for the world, then it is created spontaneously. This means a new thing is created within the body of a human body and the world gets the same thing.What is that new thing? It is the eternal question - who am I and what is the relation between the human race and me.
Irish proverb|Take the world nice and easy, and the world will take you the same.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|With the tension churning within us, knowing all the ways the earth is not yet as God intended it to be, we are driven to pray daily: "Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven." We are not looking for an escape from the world; we are looking for the restoration of the world.
Arash Tabish|I think the world that we are living in has enough space and opportunities for all of us, we don’t need to fight with others, make war everywhere or destroy the life of someone else in order to get what we want, instead we need to be kind, be honest and be helpful to others and love them unconditionally. Let's remember that we need to work hard and have self confident in order to get what we want.
Stefan Zweig|For the first time in my life I began to realize that it is not evil and brutality, but nearly always weakness, that is to blame for the worst things that happen in this world.
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|For a moment he could do nothing but close his eyes. Was this a taste of the rest of his life as Billie Bridgerton’s husband? Was he destined to live in terror, wondering what sort of danger she’d thrown herself into that day? Was it worth it?“George?” she whispered. She sounded uneasy. Had she seen something in his expression? A sign of doubt? He touched her cheek, and he looked into her eyes. He saw his whole world there.“I love you,” he said. Someone gasped. It might have been his mother. “I cannot live without you,” he said, “and in fact, I refuse to do so. So no, you will not be going on some ill-advised mission to the coast to hand off a potentially dangerous package to people you don’t know. Because if anything happened to you…” His voice broke, but he didn’t care. “If anything happened to you, it would kill me. And I’d like to think you love me too much to let that happen.” Billie stared at him in wonder, her softly parted lips trembling as she blinked back tears. “You love me?” she whispered. He nearly rolled his eyes. “Of course I do.” “You never said.” “I must have done.” “You didn’t. I would have remembered.” “I would remember, too,” he said softly, “if you’d ever said it to me.” “I love you,” she said immediately. “I do. I love you so much. I —” “Thank God,” Lady Manston exclaimed. George and Billie both turned.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|I learned a lot about systems of oppression and how they can be blind to one another by talking to black men. I was once talking about gender and a man said to me, "Why does it have to be you as a woman? Why not you as a human being?" This type of question is a way of silencing a person's specific experiences. Of course I am a human being, but there are particular things that happen to me in the world because I am a woman. This same man, by the way, would often talk about his experience as a black man. (To which I should probably have responded, "Why not your experiences as a man or as a human being? Why a black man?")
Albert Camus, Notebooks 1935-1942|The misery and greatness of this world: it offers no truths, but only objects for love. Absurdity is king, but love saves us from it.
Akshay Vasu|Stay in my arms and look into my eyes, into that light which exists only because of you. You will find all the reasons to stay in this world which have the habit of breaking you every time.
Gugu Mona|Be thankful for every mountain, because it's the mountain top that will give you best view of the world.
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|He touched her cheek, and he looked into her eyes. He saw his whole world there
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|This sense of insecurity was falling about the entire planet and though people went on doing the things they usually did, they had none of the assurance, the happy-go-lucky "all-right" feeling, that had hitherto sustained normal men. They went on doing their customary things because they could not think of anything else to do. They tried to believe, and many did succeed in believing, that there would presently be a turn for the better. They did nothing to bring about that turn for the better; they just hoped it would occur.
Richard Powers, The Time of Our Singing|The world is vicious, too huge to care about even its own survival
Deyth Banger|Time goes fast, the world is one paradox full of answers and questions.
David F. Wells, No Place for Truth: or Whatever Happened to Evangelical Theology?|Evangelicals now stand among those who are on easiest terms with the world, for they have lost their capacity for dissent.
Gugu Mona|Sometimes you will do good and not get an acknowledgement for it. Don't let that dishearten you, the world is a better place with your good deeds.
Hrishikesh Agnihotri|You may enrich the world in a million different ways.And you may enrich the world, simply, with your presence.
Crestless Wave|We are chasing happiness, and don't care about happiness of people who matter. Probably, we got our priorities right, but failed to set an order. We created a chaos hoping the world would fall in place itself..
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|The world existed for a very long time before this particular set of seven billion billion atoms came along and it will go right on after they're scattered up, down and sideways.
Wordions|Sometimes, when I am sad,I am not sad for myself.I am sad for the world, I am sad to see where we are going.I am sad to see how we can smile by making someone else sad.I am sad to see how we havekilled our conscience and keep toying with emotionsI am sad to see how people are confusing selfishness with self love.I am sad to see how we have come toa stage where we trust strangers more than friends.Let's fix this, Let's open our heartsLet's listen to them, let's do our bit.
Steven Magee|In a climate changed world, it is a smart person who thins their trees so that the abnormally high winds can pass through them without damage.
H.G. Wells, You Can't Be Too Careful|Tewler Americanus in particular was irritated by a harsh logic that overrode his dearest belief in his practical isolation, whenever he chose to withdraw himself, from the affairs of the rest of the world. He had escaped from the old world and he hated to feel that he was being drawn back to share a common destiny with the rest of mankind.
Liane Holliday Willey, Pretending to be Normal: Living with Asperger's Syndrome (Autism Spectrum Disorder) Expanded Edition|If I could, I would ask the world to make me skates so that I could find its frozen water and set myself free to smile, laugh, dance and cheer.I'd see the boundaries that would be in a world frozen in its place and they would keep me safe, away from where the waters warm, away from the stares, away from the thoughts that melt and tear.I would ask the world to skate with me, looking at the gladness I had found, knowing, really knowing, there was nothing left to fear.I think then we would be free to live life as we could, with more in common than apart, the fog would lift, the confusion would end and true understanding would hold us dear.
Aaron Burdett, Grump & Rose|All your life you've been hurt, and it's the things you loved the most that hurt the most when you lost them. Everywhere you turn, even when the eyes that look back at you are just like yours, you know you're the stranger. You can't tell others how you really feel, because you know they'll laugh. And when you sleep, you can feel the hole inside you, because you know that no matter what you do, you'll always be different, and this world hates different. So you close your eyes, and you wonder if it would really be all that bad if you never woke up. Maybe in the next world, you'll find a way to fill the hole. But eventually, you open your eyes, and it's a new day, and you brush yourself off and try to make the best of things before you lie down to sleep and think it all over again.
Deyth Banger|Welcome in what?In adult world??I know it, people which are not sirious have a lot of money and don't know what to do. Every secret told to someone it's not anymore secured, if somebody know the secret, it's not anymore secret there is possibility somebody else to know from where somebody else...It's really "OMG", the "Nerds" which most people call them do some positive things, the people which people call them cool what they do??Say jokes which are even money, but we must laugh, I didn't get the joke?It's not there the problem, the problem is that it's too stupid to get it, what do I see?I change made, a stage from not secured to not sirious... People which fight are this which are not secured, people which are soldiers and work in police don't have anything else to do so they decide this to do, but after all when you become such you sign and the contract with the DEAD...
Deyth Banger|The Words 2012, one world is ruin and one new world is build. One twisted pictures, one couple which loved each other... just their relationship dies... And another person just steal somebody's life and then he finds the truth...
Deyth Banger|Welcome in what?In adult world??I know it, people which are not sirious have a lot of money and don't know what to do. Every secret told to someone it's not anymore secured, if somebody know the secret, it's not anymore secret there is possibility somebody else to know from where somebody else...It's really "OMG", the "Nerds" which most people call them do some positive things, the people which people call them cool what they do??Say jokes which are even not funny, but we must laugh, (So far I I don't get the joke?...It's not there the problem, the problem is that it's too stupid to get it, what do I see?)...I see a change made, a stage from not secured to not sirious... People which fight are this which are not secured, people which are soldiers and work in police don't have anything else to do so they decide this to do, but after all when you become such you sign and the contract with the DEAD...
Erik Pevernagie|The world is a show and the show is a performance of the wealthy, the beautiful and the fortunate. The invulnerable, the matchless and the exclusive live a life like dazzling fish in a scintillating seascape behind glass. Everybody may admire them, but nobody can touch them. ( “Keeping up with the Joneses” )
Nikola Tesla|When a child is born its sense-organs are brought in contact with the outer world. The waves of sound, heat and light beat upon its feeble body, its sensitive nerve-fibres quiver, the muscles contract and relax in obedience: a gasp, a breath, and in this act a marvelous little engine, of inconceivable delicacy and complexity of construction, unlike any on earth, is hitched to the wheel-work of the Universe.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|If nobody changes the world, if nobody works to make it better, then we stagnate.
Newpostcard|Aryan said "Once an angel came in my dream and said", You will get whatever you want in your life in this world and from this world.
Criss Jami|Keep your finger on the pulse of society, take controversies with a grain of salt, lick your finger and then lift it to the wind; always know what is going on, my friend, so this world can never steer you wrong again.
Ransom Riggs, Library of Souls|You have your world to rebuild, and I have mine.
Saim .A. Cheeda|Show me that horizon, promise me a world better than this on the other side of the sun.
Jameson Fitzpatrick|We must love one another whether or not we die.Love can’t block a bulletbut it can’t be destroyed by one either,and love is, for the most part, what makes Us Us—in Orlando and in Brooklyn and in Kabul.We will be everywhere, always;there’s nowhere else for Us, or you, to go.Anywhere you run in this world, love will be there to greet you.Around any corner, there might be two men. Kissing.
Deyth Banger|People make moves like the Pawn.(Let's go in the real world, look how they walk, from one up two max blocks they can take... so far it's sounds like the moves of pawn. People can be the king and the queen...)
Charlie Jane Anders, All the Birds in the Sky|When the world turns chaotic, we must be the better part of chaos.
Murasaki Shikibu|i wish you could understand me, but of course it is not the way of this world that we are ever completely understood.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It is my wish and most cherished hope that God would be pleased with my legacy, that lives would be changed by it, and that the world would be immeasurably better because I was privileged to leave a legacy at all. And if perchance I am fortunate enough to have these things come to pass, I can then rest in the fact that I have lived well.
Deyth Banger|The world is one Matrix, you don't realise it but it's the truth. It's well shown in the films like Matrix 1,2,3 and Inception!
Anne Sexton|I’d won the worldbut like aforsaken explorer,I’d lostmy map.
Kamand Kojouri|For me,you are fresh waterthat falls from treeswhen it has stopped raining. For me, you are cinnamon that lingers on the tongue and givesbitter wordssweetening.For me, you are the scent of violins and visionof valleys smiling.And still,for me, your loveliness never ends.It traverses the worldand finds its way back to me.Only me.
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|O brave new world,That has such people in ’t!-Miranda
Emma Winters, Equal Parts|Because you made me feel, Flick. Everyone is so predictable, but you? You showed up and rocked my world.
Oscar Wilde|[Letter to William Ward, 11 July 1878]Dear Boy, Why don’t you write to me? I don’t know what has become of you.As for me I am ruined. The law suit is going against me and I am afraid I will have to pay costs, which means leaving Oxford and doing some horrid work to earn bread. The world is too much for me.However, I have seen Greece and had some golden days of youth. I go back to Oxford immediately for viva voce and then think of rowing up the river to town with Frank Miles. Will you come? YoursOscar
Ana Claudia Antunes, ONE HUNDRED ONE WORLD ACCOUNTS in ONE HUNDRED ONE WORD COUNT|If I send all the books that I faithfully wrote overseas, would that, for any chance, be considered work-shipping??
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|What interest hath this empty world in me? and what is there in it that may seem so lovely, as to entice my desires and delight from thee, or make me loth to come away? When I look about me with a deliberate, undeceived eye, methinks this world is a howling wilderness, and most of the inhabitants are untamed, hideous monsters. All its beauty I can wink into blackness, and all its mirth I can think into sadness ; I can drown all its pleasures in a few penitent tears, and the wind of a sigh will scatter them away (650).
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|We may reconcile ourselves to the world at our peril, but it will never reconcile itself to us. . . . This unwillingness to die, doth actually impeach us of high treason against the Lord : is it not a choosing of earth before him ; and taking these present things for our happiness, and consequently asking them our very God (469)?
Charmaine J. Forde|All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women merely players. William Shakespeare
Deyth Banger|I believe that the world is one strong matrix, to get out of it you can't safe somebody unless you make it such way so you both die. I believe then... at that moment you are out of the Matrix, but it's just kind of paradox which is 50-50.
Erik Pevernagie|Some people live disconnected, in a world of their own. Their wishful thinking represents their sole veracity. But when the mirror smashes the reflection of their delusion, it will not falter to talk back. ( "The day the mirror was talking back" )
Joris-Karl Huysmans, Là-Bas|To love at a distance and without hope; never to possess; to dream chastely of pale charms and impossible kisses extinguished on the waxen brow of death: ah, that is something like it. A delicious straying away from the world, and never the return. As only the unreal is not ignoble and empty, existence must be admitted to be abominable. Yes, imagination is the only good thing which heaven vouchsafes to the skeptic and pessimist, alarmed by the eternal abjectness of life.
Stephen King, The Waste Lands|You haven't finished the key, but not because you are afraid to finish. You're afraid of finding you can't finish. You're afraid to go down to where the stones stand, but not because you're afraid of what may come once you enter the circle. You're afraid of what may not come. You're not afraid of the great world, Eddie, but of the small one inside yourself.
Robert Ludlum, The Matlock Paper|And then the earth, the world, the planet, the galaxy, and the entire solar system went crazy.
Newpostcard|Just write it,Because it is the next best thing of the world.
John Locke|Virtue is harder to be got than knowledge of the world; and, if lost in a young man, is seldom recovered.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Because this injunction for all women to have children isn't in any way logical. If you take a moment to consider the state of the world, the thing you notice is that there are plenty of babies being born; the planet really doesn't need all of us to produce more babies.
Kenneth Grahame|The Wild Wood is pretty well populated by now; with all the usual lot, good, bad, and indifferent - I name no names. It takes all sorts to make a world
Deyth Banger|People want to kill rain and truth... if you kill it what does it left??? A naked world, am I right?
Maurice Spees|The feminine way is to look at the potential that is available and the masculine way is to look at what is not working and to find a solution to change that. So when we balance these two energies together, the solution is to co-create a New Earth together with Nature where we look at the potential of each and everyone involved to make a difference.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|I don't know what happened. Disease? War? Social collapse? Or was it just us? The Dead replacing the Living? I guess it's not so important. Once you've arrived at the end of the world, it hardly matters which route you took.
Vaishnavi Hajari|So you made them your world? In that case, you must really be powerful. I only know one person who can create the world and that is GOD. If you have the power to create the world out of somebody who clearly doesn`t deserve the honour;Imagine what you could do for the person who deserves it and that is You,
Deyth Banger|I now watch porn, but I don't have the feeling to go to the bath and start to jerk off. It's the world bad idea ever came. I have quite jerk off and I will quit it's not the way I should live, the same is for you!
