J.D. Robb, Calculated in Death|The wife’s gotta know. You can’t hook up like that for what looks like about six or seven years without the wife figuring it out. Unless she’s another idiot.“I’m not an idiot.”Smiling, Roarke continued to stroke. “I’ll keep that in mind when I decide to have a long-term affair.”“Yeah, you do that. They’ll never find your body,” she murmured, then dropped into sleep.His smiled warmed, and feeling well loved, he dropped off with her.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|I'll follow this good man, and go with you;And, having sworn truth, ever will be true.
Saul Bellow, Novels, 1984-2000|I discovered, however, in the early days of our marriage that, in having her way, she put my interests ahead of her own.
Steven Rowley, Lily and the Octopus|We bring champagne to Franklin and Jeffrey, and I offer a final toast, 'Wishing you all good things in your life together.' Short, simple, to the point. I look at Meredith, relaxed in her ivory gown, my sister is all grown up. I'm grateful we did our growing up together.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|Now go with me and with this holy manInto the chantry by: there, before him,And underneath that consecrated roof,Plight me the full assurance of your faith.
Buchi Emecheta, Second Class Citizen|She had gambled with marriage, just like most people, but she had gambled unluckily and had lost.
Gabby Bess, Alone with Other People|I wouldn’t be a good wife, but I would be a wife in a way that was cinematically compelling.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|Nothing between us was ever planned--not even you. We were both 24 years old when you were born, the normal age for most Americans, but among the class we soon found ourselves, we ranked as teenage parents. With a whiff of fear, we were very often asked if we planned to marry. Marriage was presented to us as a shield against other women, other men, or the corrosive monotony of dirty socks and dishwashing. But your mother and I knew too many people who'd married and abandoned each other for less. The truth of us was always that you were our ring. We'd summoned you out of ourselves, and you were not given a vote. If only for that reason, you deserved all the protection we could muster. Everything else was subordinate to this fact. If that sounds like a weight, it shouldn't. The truth is that I owe you everything I have. Before you, I had my questions but nothing beyond my own skin in the game, and that was really nothing at all because I was a young man, and not yet clear of my own human vulnerabilities. But I was grounded and domesticated by the plain fact that should I go down now, I would not go down alone.
Amanda Craig, A Vicious Circle|There was a certain usefulness in having a husband whom most people could barely tolerate: it deflected envy, for one thing.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Marriage is a great blessing, but it can be a great lesson
Amanda Craig, In a Dark Wood|I had been much more in love with my wife than she with me, that was all. Somehow, you were supposed to be ashamed of this, as though love were a perpetual jostling for the roles of pursuer and pursued. As if it didn’t take more courage to admit that someone held your hopes of happiness in their hands. As if it were a choice.
Neil Gaiman, The Sleeper and the Spindle|She wondered how she would feel to be a married woman. It would be the end of her life, she decided, if life was a time of choices.
Nora Ephron, Heartburn|I remember thinking that no one had ever told me how much I would love my child; now, of course, I realized something else no one tells you: that a child is a grenade. When you have a baby, you set off an explosion in your marriage, and when the dust settles, your marriage is different from what it was.
Francis Chan, You and Me Forever: Marriage in Light of Eternity|If you’d rather watch your kids grow up than see the face of your Savior today, you don’t grasp the beauty of God. If you worry about what would happen to your children if you were gone, you don’t understand the providence of God.
Lucille Anderson|Real love, true love is not like the shooting star that makes you go, "ooh, aah". Real, true love is like the constancy of the sun that comes up slowly every morning - sometimes too hot; sometimes hidden behind the clouds, but always there. Therefore, often take for granted.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|You understand why you must go through with this marriage.”“You say you couldn’t live with yourself if anything happened to Caspida. Yet you ask me to live with myself, knowing I sentenced you to this!” He holds up the lamp. “What’s the difference?”I look away angrily. “The difference is that this is my choice, Aladdin.”“Well, it’s a stupid choice!”I stand up. “Promise me you’ll go through with it.”He shuts his eyes.“Promise me! Please!”He opens his eyes then, and they are filled with pain. But he nods.“I have to hear you say it.”“I promise.
Wendell Berry, What Are People For?|Marriage, in what is evidently its most popular version, is now on the one hand an intimate “relationship” involving (ideally) two successful careerists in the same bed, and on the other hand a sort of private political system in which rights and interests must be constantly asserted and defended. Marriage, in other words, has now taken the form of divorce: a prolonged and impassioned negotiation as to how things shall be divided. During their understandably temporary association, the “married” couple will typically consume a large quantity of merchandise and a large portion of each other.
Kate Moretti, The Vanishing Year|Henry and I have always talked about partnership, working together to make things work. He's always said he'd never divorce. That divorced rich men are inevitably poor men. That any marriage can be fixed, that love fluctuates.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|When you believe marriage is your answer, you'll often give something that eventually hurts you both.
Nicholas Sparks|There are no buts," she said. "Not about this. Not with me. I love you, Wilson, and I know that you love me. And if we're going to make it work between us, we're both going to have to give a little. I'm not asking you to believe. I'm asking you to it's acome with me to church. Marriage is about compromise; it's about doing something for the other person, even if you don't want to. Like I did with the wedding.
Mary Balogh, Someone to Love|But marriage is forever.''Oh, not really,' he assured her. 'Only until one of us dies.'Her eyes widened. 'I do not want you to die,' she said.'Perhaps you will go first,' he said, 'though I rather think I hope not. I would probably have grown accustomed to you by then and would miss you.
Mary Balogh, Someone to Love|But marriage is forever.''Oh, not really,' he assured her. 'Only until one of us dies.'Her eyes widened. 'I do not want you to die,' she said.'Perhaps you will go first,' he said, though I rather think I hope not. I would probably have grown accustomed to you by then and would miss you.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Whatever name civilizations give to the arrangement where a man lives with a woman, it is always better to call it a marriage.
Kamand Kojouri|A poetess is not as selfishas you assume.After months of agonising over her marriage of words—the bride—and spaces—the groom,she knows that as soonas she has penned the poem,it’s yours to consume.So, without giving it a think,she blows on the inkand the letters fly awaylike dandelions on a windy day,landing on hands and lips, on hearts and hips.But more often than not,you can easily spotthem trodden and forgotten,becoming sodden and rotten.Yet, she will continue to makewhat’s others to takebecause selfishness is not the mark of a poetess.
Sharon E. Rainey, The Best Part of My Day Healing Journal|When I left my first marriage, I left the insanity, the indifference, the negativity. In my world, LOVE MUST WIN. It can’t just be the answer. It must conquer all evil, all hatred, all indifference. Yes, Love is the always the answer, no matter the question. But Love always wins. Love always conquers (if we allow it).
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|In an ideal world, marriage vows would be entirely rewritten. At the alter, a couple would speak thus: "We accept not to panic when, some years from now, what we are doing today will seem like the worst decision of our lives. Yet we promise not to look around, either, for we accept that there cannot be better options out there. Everyone is always impossible. We are a demented species."After the solemn repetition of the last sentence by the congregation, the couple would continue: "We will endeavor to be faithful. At the same time, we are certain that never being allowed to sleep with anyone else is one of the tragedies of existence. We apologize that our jealousies have made this peculiar but sound and non-negotiable restriction very necessary. We promise to make each other the sole repository of our regrets rather than distribute them through a life of sexual Don Juanism. We have surveyed the different options for unhappiness, and it is to each other we have chosen to bind ourselves."Spouses who had been cheated upon would no longer be at liberty furiously to complain that they had expected their partner to be content with them alone. Instead they could more poignantly and justly cry, "I was relying on you to be loyal to the specific variety of compromise and unhappiness which our hard-won marriage represents."Thereafter, an affair would be a betrayal not of intimate joy but of a reciprocal pledge to endure the disappointments of marriage with bravery and stoic reserve.
Stephen King|when you got right down to the place where the cheese binds, there was no such thing as marriage, no such thing as union, that each soul stood alone and ultimately defied rationality. That was the mystery. And no matter how well you thought you knew your partner, you occasionally ran into blank walls or fell into pits. And sometimes (rarely, thank God) you ran into a full-fledged pocket of alien strangeness, something like the clear-air turbulence that can buffet an airliner for no reason at all. An attitude or belief which you had never suspected, one so peculiar (at least to you) that it seemed nearly psychotic. And then you trod lightly, if you valued your marriage and your peace of mind; you tried to remember that anger at such a discovery was the province of fools who really believed it was possible for one mind to know another.
Adriana Locke, Written in the Scars|If you take you away from me, you take everything.
Rebecca Traister, All the Single Ladies: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation|O'rourke's alienation from the married woman comes in part because she's filling in the imaginative blank of that woman's union with a fantasy of fulfillment. If loneliness is a want of intimacy, then being single lends itself to loneliness because the loving partnerships we imagine in comparison are always, in our minds, intimate; they are not distant or empty of abusive or dysfunctional. We don't fantasize about being in bad marriages, or about being in what were once good marriages that have since gone stale or sexless or hard, creating their own profound emotional pain.
J.D. Robb, Strangers in Death|You’re all right, Blue Eyes.” She lifted her head to look into them. “You’re all right, down the line. You ever want a free bang, you got one coming.”“It would, no doubt be a memorable bang. But my wife is fiercely jealous and territorial.” He grinned over at a very cold-eyed Eve.“Her? You? That’s a kick in the ass.”“Every damn day,” Eve muttered, and strode out.She kept striding, out of the club, back into the comparatively fresh air of the city street. And fisted her hands on her hips as she spun to him. “Did you have to do the ‘my wife’ crap?”His grin remained, and only widened. “I did, yes. I felt a desperate need for your protection. I believe that woman had designs on me.”“I’ll put a design on you that won’t come off in the shower.”“See, now I’m excited.” Reaching out, he toyed with the lapel of her coat."What have you got in mind ?
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|I've always known that whatever marriage I made would be political. It would be about power, not love. But we might get lucky. In time, we might have both.''Or the third amplifier will turn me into a power-mad dictator and you'll have to kill me.''Yes, that would make for an awkward honeymoon.
Zoran Stojkovski|Few things are as exhilarating and challenging for a man as winning a woman’s heart.Few things are as efficient in preserving your marriage as doing it every day, for the rest of your life.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Some of the 'New Women' writers will some day start an idea that men and women should be allowed to see each other asleep before proposing or accepting. But I suppose the New Woman won't condescend in future to accept; she will do the proposing herself. And a nice job she will make of it, too!
Gary Thomas, Sacred Marriage: What If God Designed Marriage to Make Us Holy More Than to Make Us Happy?|The mature response, however, is not to leave; it's to change -- ourselves.Whenever marital dissatisfaction rears its head in my marriage -- as it does in virtually every marriage -- I simply check my focus. The times that I am happiest and most fulfilled in my marriage are the times when I am intent on drawing meaning and fulfillment from becoming a better husband rather than from demanding a "better" wife.If you're a Christian, the reality is that, biblically speaking, you can't swap your spouse for someone else. But you can change yourself. And that change can bring the fulfillment that you mistakenly believe is found only by changing partners. In one sense, it's comical: Yes, we need a changed partner, but the partner that needs to change is not our spouse, it's us!I don't know why this works. I don't know how you can be unsatisfied maritally, and then offer yourself to God to bring about change in your life and suddenly find yourself more satisfied with the same spouse. I don't why this works, only that it does work. It takes time, and by time I mean maybe years. But if your heart is driven by the desire to draw near to Jesus, you find joy by becoming like Jesus. You'll never find joy by doing something that offends Jesus -- such as instigating a divorce or an affair.
Arlie Russell Hochschild, Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right|Instead of the country agreeing with her community on the natural rightness of heterosexual marriage as the center of family life, she was now obliged to defend herself against the idea that these views were sexist, homophobic, old-fashioned, and backward.
Jeff VanVonderen, Families Where Grace Is in Place|The wife's list, no matter how long or short, communicates to the husband, "I don't like you. I don't accept you. But if you perform the way I think you should, then I will like and accept you." And no matter how long the husband's list may be, it says in like manner to his wife, "I don't like you either. But if you stop caring about things so much, if you stop feeling the way you feel and noticing the things you notice, then I will accept and like you.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|I remembered my mother's speech at my wedding. "In sickness and in sickness. That is what I wish for you. Don't seek or expect miracles. There are no miracles. Not anymore. And there are no cures for the hurt that hurts most. There is only the medicine of believing each other's pain, and being present for it." Who will believe my pain? Who will be present for it?
Jagdish Joghee, In Love and Free: The tale of a woman caught between two men...|If your spouse wants to cheat on you, he or she will. This world is a haven of opportunities. But no matter what, in any relationship, one must never doubt the spouse
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|It is far better to make mistakes, than to marry them.
D WordSmith|the fact about marriage is that it's never perfect, there is always struggle but you have to pick who you willing to struggle with
Carol Shields, Dropped Threads: What We Aren't Told|Practically all girls are capable of pulling off theLady Love stunt before marriage but alas, only toomany of them think a wedding ring gives them theright to flop down on the do-nothing stool, get fatand eat onions... When a man see his beauteous pride slouching around the house in a soiled house-coat with cold cream on her face, he feels he gotcheated at the altar.Too often after the first baby, [women] ceasebeing wives and are only mothers... giving all theirtenderness to Junior and letting poor husband goheart-hungry.
Kelly Link, Stranger Things Happen|Marriage has affected the laws of gravity. We will now revolve around each other. You will exert gravity on me, and I will exert gravity on you. We are one another's moons. You are holding onto my feet with both hands, as if otherwise you might fall right off the bed. I think I might float up and hit the ceiling, splat, if you let go. Please don't let go.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, Fooled by Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets|There is a saying that bad traders divorce their spouse sooner than abandon their positions. Loyalty to ideas is not a good thing for traders, scientists - or anyone.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Had the love been permanent, there won’t have been divorces after love marriages. Had the love been everlasting, there won’t have been bad blood in the family.
Kamand Kojouri|With you, I am. Without you, I am not.
Ian McEwan, Nutshell|When love dies and marriage lies in ruins, the first casualty is honest memory, decent, impartial recall of the past. Too inconvenient, too damning of the present. It's the spectre of old happiness at the feast of failure and desolation. So, against that headwind of forgetfulness I want to place my little candle of truth and see how far it throws its light.
Kamand Kojouri|Whenever you keep score in love, you lose.
Sarah  Curtis, Engaging|Ran into him?  Are you not together?"Cassie shook her head.  "No."Gage contradicted her by saying, "We are.  We're getting married."Cassie leaned into him and hissed.  "Would you stop telling people that."  She turned back to Sam and gave her a smile.  "We're not getting married."Gage used Cassie's hair to tip her head back again.  He leaned over, giving her another kiss before saying, "Sunshine, we are."Cassie yanked her hair out of his fist and took a step away from him.  "Honey limpkins," she said, sarcastically, "we are not.
DeBorrah K. Ogans, How Do I Love Thee: Food for Thought Before You Say "I DO"|Many couples spend a great deal of time planning their wedding, but little time planning their marriage.
David Nicholls, Us|By contrast, my wife at fifty-two yeas old seems to me just as attractive as the day I first met her. If I were to say this out loud, she would say, 'Douglas, that's just a line. No one prefers wrinkles, no one prefers grey.' To which I'd reply, 'But none of this is a surprise. I've been expecting to watch you grow older ever since we met. Why should it trouble me? It's the face itself that I love, not that face at twenty-eight or thirty-four or fourty-three. It's that face.'Perhaps she would have liked to hear this but I had never got around to saying it out loud. I had always presumed there would be time and now, sitting on the edge of the bed at four a.m., no longer listening out for burglars, it seemed that it might be too late.
Trix Wilkins, The Courtship of Jo March: a variation of Louisa May Alcott's Little Women|There are no words that can be said to justify the beauty of a bride walking down the aisle in anticipation of sharing the rest of her life with the man she esteems and loves the most, nor of the look on that man’s face, when he beholds the one who will be entrusting her life to him to protect and her heart for him to love. All that can be said is that all who witnessed it found themselves overwhelmed with the joy that comes with seeing that one moment when all feels and is as it should be.
Chaucer Geoffrey, Selections from Chaucer - Scholar's Choice Edition|have you killed me, false thief?
Alice Sebold, The Almost Moon|It was in these moments, I knew, that my father loved my mother most. When my mother was broken and helpless, when her hard shell was stripped away and her spite and brittleness couldn't serve her. It was a sad dance of two people who were starving to death in each other's arms. Their marriage an X that forever joined murderer to victim.
Maria Semple, Today Will Be Different|Earlier this year, I'd told a mother at school I'd been married fifteen year. She asked, "What's the secret to a long marriage?" I thought for a second, then answered, "Staying married.
Trix Wilkins, The Courtship of Jo March: a variation of Louisa May Alcott's Little Women|I may love him with everything in my being, all my thoughts and feelings might be bent towards him - every single one wishing for his joy, every single one praying for his safety, every single one desirous of his success - and I still would not marry him! - Jo to Aunt March
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|You boys are really turning into a bunch of Peter Pans," he said. "Willem, what are you? Thirty-six? I'm not sure what's going on with you lot. You’re making money. You've achieved something. Don't you think you guys should stop clinging to one another and get serious about adulthood?" But how was one to be an adult? Was couplehood truly the only appropriate option?
Thomas,  Lynne|Show your love by giving your spouse incredible admiration and encouragement. - A Love Forever, Creating An Amazing Marriage.
Gary Thomes|Contempt is born when we fixate on our spouse’s weaknesses. Every spouse has these sore points. If you want to find them, without a doubt you will. If you want to obsess about them, they’ll grow – but you won’t!Jesus provides a remedy that is stunning in its simplicity yet foreboding in its difficulty. He tells us to take the plank out of our own eye before we try to remove the speck from our neighbor’s eye (see Matthew 7:3–5).If you’re thinking “but my spouse is the one who has the plank,” allow me to let you in on a secret: You’re exactly the type of person Jesus is talking to. You’re the one He wanted to challenge with these words. Jesus isn’t helping us resolve legal matters here; He’s urging us to adopt humble spirits. He wants us to cast off the contempt – to have contempt for the contempt – and learn the spiritual secret of respect.Consider the type of people Jesus loved in the days He walked on earth – Judas (the betrayer); the woman at the well (a sexual libertine); Zacchaeus (the conniving financial cheat); and many others like them. In spite of the fact that Jesus was without sin and these people were very much steeped in sin, Jesus still honored them. He washed Judas’s feet; He spent time talking respectfully to the woman at the well; He went to Zacchaeus’s house for dinner. Jesus, the only perfect human being to live on this earth, moved toward sinful people; He asks us to do the same, beginning with the one closest to us – our spouse.
Ann Landers|The poor wish to be rich, the rich wish to be happy, the single wish to be married, and the married wish to be dead.
Gary Thomas, Sacred Marriage: What If God Designed Marriage to Make Us Holy More Than to Make Us Happy?|Heloise learned to love Abelard solely for who he was. That forbidden love brought her nothing but pain, but she would rather have shame and pain with Abelard than peace and happiness without him.
J.D. Robb, Strangers in Death|People have been sleeping and/or marrying their way to the top since the first cavewoman said: ‘Ugh, that one’s the strongest and has the biggest club. I’ll shake my mastodon-skin-covered ass at him.’”“Ugh?”“Or whatever cave people said. And it’s not just women who do it. Cave guy goes: ‘Ugh, that one catches the most fish, I’ll be dragging her off to my cave now.’ Ava sees Tommy and—”“Says ugh.”“Or today’s equivalent thereof.”-Eve & Roarke. .
Jayce O'Neal|When you begin to fantasize about what you don't have, you begin to kill what you do have. #marriage
Jane Austen, Emma|I am not only not going to be married, at present, but have very little intention of ever marrying at all.
Wilkie Collins|mong the hundred thousand mysterious influences which a man exercises over a woman who loves him, I doubt if there is any more irresistible to her than the influence of his voice. I am not one of those women who shed tears on the smallest provocation: it is not in my temperament, I suppose. But when I heard that little natural change in his tone my mind went back (I can't say why) to the happy day when I first owned that I loved him. I burst out crying.
Wilkie Collins|Among the hundred thousand mysterious influences which a man exercises over a woman who loves him, I doubt if there is any more irresistible to her than the influence of his voice. I am not one of those women who shed tears on the smallest provocation: it is not in my temperament, I suppose. But when I heard that little natural change in his tone my mind went back (I can't say why) to the happy day when I first owned that I loved him. I burst out crying.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|In sickness and in sickness. That is what I wish for you. Don't seek or expect miracles. There are no miracles. Not anymore. And there are no cures for the hurt that hurts most. There is only the medicine of believing each other's pain, and being present for it.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|To agree to a marriage is to consent to a mutual act of transformation, to promise to ensure that the versions of yourselves that you will become will remain in harmony, though you yourselves can never stay the same.
Kamand Kojouri|Like a pair of old slippers,I feel comfort andwarmth as I slip into you.No, that is too crude.Like the match to the wick,I ignite when we touch.My counterpart andlife's purpose.Yes, as though I've known you my whole life.Every scar, every failurehas become an affirmationof what should be:You.Yes, as though I've loved you my whole life.
T. Rafael Cimino, The Heir Apparent|When your wife asks you for your opinion, she doesn't really want your opinion. She wants her opinion - just in a deeper voice.
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|To a shameful extent, the charm of marriage boils down to how unpleasant it is to be alone. This isn’t necessarily our fault as individuals. Society as a whole appears determined to render the single state as nettlesome and depressing as possible: once the freewheeling days of school and university are over, company and warmth become dispiritingly hard to find; social life starts to revolve oppressively around couples; there’s no one left to call or hang out with. It’s hardly surprising, then, if when we find someone halfway decent, we might cling.
Kamand Kojouri|I've written you sixty-seven love poems.Here’s another one for you.But really, for me.These poems are the candles that I light with the fire you have ignited in me.I place this candle here and another thereso even if the stars have argued with the moonand are sulking away in a corner, you can still find your way to me.Sixty-eight poems now. What does the future hold for us?Joy? Disappointment? Gentle caresses? And subtle neglect?I hope the good is more than the bad. Much more. For what is the point of loveif by lighting these candlesour own flame loses its brightness?I know the good is more than the bad. Much more.I cannot wait to write you sixty-nine.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|This isn't a spotless life. There is much ahead, my immaculate little peach. And there is no way to say it other than to say it: marriage is indeed this horribly complex thing for which you appear to be ill prepared and about which you seem to be utterly naive. That's okay. A lot of people are. You can learn along the way. A good way to start would be to let fall your notions about "perfect couples." It's really such an impossible thing to either perceive honestly in others or live up to when others believe it about us. It does nothing but box some people in and shut other people out, and it ultimately makes just about everyone feel like shit. A perfect couple is a wholly private thing. No one but the two people in the perfect relationship know for certain whether they're in one. Its only defining quality is that it's composed of two people who feel perfectly right about sharing their lives with each other, even during the hard times.
Nancy Levin, Worthy: Boost Your Self-Worth to Grow Your Net Worth|Accepting our greatness means no longer playing small. It often starts with baby steps. But eventually it means making major changes - in our lives, jobs, relationships, and dreams. If I had believed in my own self-worth, I would never have been willing to make the financial moves I made in the past. If I'd known my value, I couldn't have spent so many years ignoring the whispering - and sometimes screaming - voice that told me to leave my marriage. For a long time, that truth was just too scary and painful for me to face. Talk about keeping my head in the sand! But how many years did I waste, postponing what has proven to be a much better life - simply because I went into hiding and didn't see that I was worthy of something better?
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|Darling, I would follow you through the blackest midnight—just not without my trousers!
Sigmund Freud, Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis|The story is told of a famous German chemist that his marriage did not take place, because he forgot the hour of his wedding and went to the laboratory instead of to the church. He was wise enough to be satisfied with a single attempt and died at a great age unmarried
Shauna Niequist, Present Over Perfect: Leaving Behind Frantic for a Simpler, More Soulful Way of Living|It seems to me that one of the great hazards is quick love, which is actually charm. We get used to smiling, hugging, bantering, practicing good eye contact. And it's easier then true, slow, awkward and painful connection with someone who sees all the worst parts of you. Your act is easy. Being with you, deeply with, is difficult.
Daniel Saldaña París, En medio de extrañas víctimas|For her, marriage was a sweetened version of murder.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|He knew how the audition was going to affect their lives for the next ten weeks as she slowly lost her mind from nerves and the strain of trying to scrounge precious practice time from an already jam-packed life. No matter how much time poor Sam gave her, it would never be quite enough, because what she actually needed was for him and the kids to just temporarily not exist. She needed to slip into another dimension where she was a single, childless person. Just between now and the audition. She needed to go to a mountain chalet (somewhere with good acoustics) and live and breathe nothing but music. Go for walks. Meditate. Eat well. Do all those positive-visualization exercises young musicians did these days. She had an awful suspicion that if she were to do this in reality, she might not even miss Sam and the children that much, or if she did miss them, it would be quite bearable.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|She meant that they'd never used words like "separation" and "divorce" even in their worst screaming matches. They yelled things like, "You're infuriating!" "You don't think!" "You are the most annoying woman in the history of annoying women!" "I hate you!" "I hate you more!" and they always, always used the word "always," even though Clementine's mother had said you should never use that word in an argument with your spouse, as in, for example, "You always forget to refill the water jug!" (But Sam did always forget. It was accurate.)
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|This was historical revisionism at its best, and hadn't Sam always specialized in that, hadn't she always said she wished she had a permanent film rolling of their life so she could go back and prove that, yes, he did so say that thing he now denied?
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|But then again, maybe 'I will' is nicer. It has the future in it. 'I do' just has the present.
Maggie O'Farrell, Instructions for a Heatwave|They have been together for so many years that they are no longer like two people but one strange four-legged creature. For her, so much of their marriage is about talk: she likes to talk, he likes to listen. Without him, she has no one to whom she can address her remarks, her observations, her running commentary about life in general.
Coach Taylor|Marriage requires maturity. Marriage requires two people who, for the rest of their lives, are willing to listen, to really listen to each other. And that marriage requires the greatest of all things, compromise.
S.T. Joshi, The Cold Embrace: Weird Stories by Women|[Marriage] promote[s] the moral order of the world - Edith Wharton "The Eyes
Karen Joy Fowler, The Jane Austen Book Club|I couldn't fit my whole self into a marriage, no matter who my husband was. There were parts of me that John liked, and different parts for the others, but no one could deal with all of me, So I'd lop some part off, but then I'd start missing it, wanting it back.
Rachel Hauck, Wedding Shop|Marriage is work, Cora, I'm not going to lie. It’s glorious some days and not so much on others.
Helen Rowland|Before a marriage, a man will lie awake all night thinking about something you`ve said; after marriage, he`ll fall asleep before you finish saying it.
George Elliott|The early months of marriage often are times of critical tumult, - whether that of a shrimp pool or of deeper water, - which afterwards subside into cheerful peace.
Helen Simonson, The Summer Before the War|My parents told me to marry for money,' said her husband. 'But I chose the love of a strong woman.''And look what trouble I turned out to be,' she said.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|I was a crazy creature with a head full of carnival spangles until I was thirty, and then the only man I ever really cared for stopped waiting and married someone else. So in spite, in anger at myself, I told myself I deserved my: fate for not having married when the best chance was at hand. I started traveling. My luggage was snowed under blizzards of travel stickers. I have been alone in Paris, alone in Vienna, alone in London, and all in all, it is very much like being alone in Green Town, Illinois. It is, in essence, being alone. Oh, you have plenty of time to think, improve your manners, sharpen your conversations. But I sometimes think I could easily trade a verb tense or a curtsy for some company that would stay over for a thirty-year weekend.
Philip Schultz, Failure|Am I the I she tried to save, still lopsided with trying to be a little less or more, escaping who I was a minute ago?
Helen Rowland|Before marriage, a man declares that he would lay down his life to serve you; after marriage, he won`t even lay down his newspaper to talk to you.
Richard Russo, Straight Man|Nor do I want the woman that I’m married to and that I love to leave me, but the thought of her doing so moves me in a way that our growing old together and contentedly slipping, in affectionate tandem, toward the grave does not.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The fact of your heart's enfoldment in mine is evidence enough that there is, underneath it all, some hidden order to this world.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Lowland|But even as she was going through with it she knew it was useless, just as it was useless to save a single earring when the other half of the pair was lost
Jeffrey R. Holland|I would like to have a dollar for every person in a courtship who knew he or she had felt the guidance of the Lord in that relationship, had prayed about the experience enough to know it was the will of the Lord, knew they loved each other and enjoyed each other’s company, and saw a lifetime of wonderful compatibility ahead—only to panic, to get a brain cramp, to have total catatonic fear sweep over them. They ‘draw back,’ as Paul said, if not into perdition at least into marital paralysis. I am not saying you shouldn’t be very careful about something as significant and serious as marriage…Yes, there are cautions and considerations to make, but once there has been genuine illumination, beware the temptation to retreat from a good thing. If it was right when you prayed about it and trusted it and lived for it, it is right now. Don’t give up when the pressure mounts.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Well, that brings us to the point: There is only one way to protect ourselves from the deadly diseases that stalk the human family. It is abstinence before marriage, then marriage and mutual fidelity for life to an uninfected partner.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Destiny brought two souls, Jeremiah and Lailah Akita, to light the world with love.
Philip Chesterfield|If ever a man and his wife, or a man and his mistress, who pass nights as well as days together, absolutely lay aside all good breeding, their intimacy will soon degenerate into a coarse familiarity, infallibly productive of contempt or disgust.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Conflicting egos destroy many relationships. Lasting, stable marriages are a true treasure because they demand that both parties adjust to the constant cellular flux of their partner as they metaphase through changing seasons of life.
Grace Draven, Radiance|A wash of relief poured through her, along with a kindling of hope. Her bridegroom wasn't Gauri; he wasn't even human. He was, however, congenial and gracious. She had proclaimed his appearance ghastly and his honesty handsome. Ildiko still stood by both opinions. She could have done infinitely worse. More than a few Gauri women had the misfortune to marry human men with handsome faces and ghastly souls.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|I was his “little girl with the William Burroughs mind,” his “secret fairy,” “female Frank Zappa” and “window onto a magical world.” He said I fell to earth, leaving wing-marks on the ceilings of our dreams.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|I cut our paper dinner with a pair of scissors borrowed from the front desk of the hotel. I cooked with a spice rack box of crayons – sixteen colors. I seasoned the pumpkin pie with orange crayon, and basted the turkey's crisp skin in brown. I was remorseless with my sketchbook abattoir, playing the part of carnivore just as surely as I was play-acting the role of wife. I may as well have been a wax figure in a dollhouse eating the wax-scented food.
Jalina Mhyana, The Wishing Bones|If I must die young, bury me in a music box. I’ll be the pale ballerina with dirtin her hair. Attach my painless feet to metal springs and open the lid when you visit.Watch me rise and pirouette, my arms overhead tickling the dark night’s belly until I’m dizzy, until the stars melt and spiral into a halo over my head and I’ve stirred my death into the sky.
Elizabeth Peters, Borrower of the Night|Any man with a grain of sense knows that marriage is the only way, these days, to acquire a full-time maid who works twenty-five hours a day, with no time off and no pay except room and board. (p9)
Anthony Marais, Delusionism|Proximity to reality induces feelings of emptiness, horror and depression. Do not approach it alone.
Helen Craik, Stella of the North|But it may be asked, could a man of real honor give his hand to one woman, while his heart was in the possession of another? In most cases of a similar description this question may be easily answered: in the present one, general conclusions, drawn from received opinions, will probably prove erroneous.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|I can’t remember what I’ve done with my lingerie. I look in the containers under my bed, as if my sexual self has been relegated to the wrong side of the mattress. I imagine my husband’s sexuality down there too, our shadow selves making love deep in our unconscious as we cuddle above the mattress as brother and sister.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|Transparent tubes divided Phil’s blood into shades of red, fading to straw colored plasma. I watched his fluid swirl past his shoulders and disappear into machines. He offered himself to blood banks all over the city, his plasma rushed to hospitals where it would circulate through other people’s bodies. The map of my love’s tapped arteries would look like a bloodshot eye over the city of Albuquerque. His blood bought us dinner. I dreamed he was my mother, and I nursed his arm. I wrote a poem about it, how I suckled his arm dry like a sore teat.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|Every Sunday behind bibles, virgins,soldiers tight against me, longing,and my pelvis rubbing gods'to the big black woman voices.Soldiers tight against me, longing,all that rising, sitting, kneelingto the big black woman voices,spirits warming, tensing, folding, thenall that rising, sitting, kneelinglike some kind of dance, a mating,spirits warming, tensing, folding andgod went “Shhhhh” between my thighs –
Elizabeth Lesser, Broken Open: How Difficult Times Can Help Us Grow|His grief at your leaving is also his fear of losing the power he has had for lifetimes. Those days are over for him, and he is in turmoil. But if you are to help him on his soul's quest, you will leave him. It is your job--your sacred contract--to free him, and to free yourself.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|All of the sudden, we were a grown-up married couple! Like little figures in a doll's house, we sat there dazed, in awe, wishing a chubby little arm would pass through a window and move us around, tell us what to do. We would have given anything for a magnificent child to show us how to be husband and wife.
Gugu Mona|When both partners strive for a marriage that honours and pleases God, they can be assured of an everlasting joy and peace.
Sylvain Neuvel, Sleeping Giants|Perhaps, deep down inside that rugged shell of yours, there is a little girl desperately waiting for her Prince Charming to propose.""Of course there is. Only until now, I'd been pretty successful at keeping that little brat's mouth shut.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|If he could just have one more chance, he'd act like the man he'd always believed himself to be.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|When choosing a life partner, do not leave anything to chance. If a young girl gets pregnant for you, it is not enough reason to marry her. You should take responsibility and care for the young child and mum as far as you can, but, that shouldn't be a compulsion towards matrimony! If you are the lady, you must decide if you would ordinarily marry this young man if there were no pregnancies. If no, move on.When choosing a life partner, look as far into the future as you can and see what is required in the goal you have chosen to pursue and get someone who is as hungry and as interested in those goals as you.When choosing a life partner, LEAVE NOTHING TO DOUBT AND CHANCE.
Alessandra Torre, Moonshot|I thought women enjoyed affairs. I thought they got sparks of pleasure at the buzz of their phone, thought they ran around with a glow, their world suddenly on fire with new love. I thought they were women with terrible husbands and unhappy lives, an affair the first step in an eventual ending of their marriage. I thought that they were horrible, selfish women. I never thought that I would be one of them. I never thought that I'd be so weak. It turned out being the perfect wife was only easy when there was no temptation, no mistake haunting and overshadowing your marriage.
Laura  Barnett, The Versions of Us|That's what marriage is, isn't it? Taking the rough with the smooth. At least, that's what it should be.
Irwin Shaw, The Girls in Their Summer Dresses|When I think of New York City, I think of all the girls, the Jewish girls, the Italian girls, the Irish, Polack, Chinese, German, Negro, Spanish, Russian girls, all on parade in the city. I don't know whether it's something special with me or whether every man in the city walks around with the same feeling inside him, but I feel as though I'm at a picnic in this city. I like to sit near the women in the theaters, the famous beauties who've taken six hours to get ready and look it. And the young girls at the football games, with the red cheeks, and when the warm weather comes, the girls in their summer dresses . . .
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|God, had it really been that long? It had. Nineteen years since Georgie stumbled across Seth in the Spoon offices, seventeen years since she first noticed Neal, fourteen since she married him, standing beside a row of lilac trees in his parents' back yard. Georgie never thought she'd be old enough to talk about life in big, decade-long chunks like this. It's not that she'd thought she was going to die before now, she'd just never imagined it would feel this way, the heaviness of the proportions. Twenty years with the same dream, seventeen with the same man. Pretty soon she'd have been with Neal longer than she'd been without him. She'd know herself as his wife better than she'd ever known herself as anyone else. It felt like too much, not too much have, just too much to contemplate. Commitments like boulders that were too heavy to carry. Fourteen years since their wedding, fifteen years since Neal tried to drive away from her, fifteen since he drove back. Seventeen since she first saw him, saw something in him that she couldn't look away from.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|Even fifteen hundred miles away, even on the phone, Georgie was more alive than anything else in his life. He felt his cheeks warm just thinking about seeing her again. That's what Georgie did to him, she pulled the blood to the surface of his skin. She acted on him, tidally. She made him feel like things were happening, like life was happening, and even if he was miserable sometimes, he wasn't going to sleep through it.He ran his hand over his pocket. The ring was still there. It had been there since he left the nursing home. His great aunt had pressed it into Neal's hands. 'I don't need this anymore, I never really needed it, but Harold liked to see it on my finger. It was a family ring,' she said. 'It should stay in the family.' Neal made up his mind as soon as he saw it. The future was going to happen, even if he wasn’t ready for it. Even if he was never ready for it. At least he could make sure he was with the right person. Wasn’t that the point of life? To find someone to share it with? And if you got that part right, how far wrong could you go? If you were standing next to the person you loved more than everything else, wasn’t everything else just scenery?
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Learning how to fight properly and deciding what to fight about are two of the secrets to a successful marriage. It usually comes down to the "line of respect" one way or the other.
Irwin Shaw, The Girls in Their Summer Dresses|I'm older now, I'm a man getting near middle age, putting on a little fat and I still love to walk along Fifth Avenue at three o'clock on the east side of the street between Fiftieth and Fifty-seventh streets, they're all out then, making believe they're shopping, in their furs and their crazy hats, everything all concentrated from all over the world into eight blocks, the best furs, the best clothes, the handsomest women, out to spend money and feeling good about it, looking coldly at you, making believe they're not looking at you as you go past.
John Tracy Wilson, Of Life, Love and Family|Whether idyllic or defective, relationships are the fabric of life.
Daisy Goodwin, The American Heiress|Perhaps she would never really know him. A year and a half ago that though would have been unbearable to her, but now she had learnt to live with uncertainty, even to love it.
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|You have asked her to marry you, I hope''''I might have demanded it'', he admitted.''Even better
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|You know all of the young gentlemen better than I do,” Lady Manston continued. “Are there any we should avoid?” All of them, George wanted to say.  ''What about Ashbourne’s son?''“No.” “No?” his mother echoed. “No, as in you don’t have an opinion?” “No, as in no. He is not for Billie.” Who, George could not help but note, was watching the mother-son exchange with an odd mix of curiosity and alarm. “Any particular reason?” Lady Manston asked. “He gambles,” George lied. Well, maybe it wasn’t a lie. All gentlemen gambled. He had no idea if the one in question did so to excess. “What about the Billington heir? I think he —” “Also no.” His mother regarded him with an impassive expression. “He’s too young,” George said, hoping it was true. “He is?” She frowned. “I suppose he might be. I can’t remember precisely.
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|Oh, come now, you two,” Lady Manston said, “surely it can be no surprise that I have long hoped for an alliance between the Rokesbys and Bridgertons.” “Alliance?” Billie echoed, and all George could think was that it was a terrible, clinical word, one that could never encompass all that he had come to feel for her.
Katherine Anne Porter|Marriage is a public declaration of a man and a woman that they have formed a secret alliance, with theintention to belong to, and share witheach other, a mystical estate; mysticalexactly in the sense that the realexperience cannot be communicated toothers, nor explained even to oneselfon rational grounds.
Terrence Real, How Can I Get Through to You? Closing the Intimacy Gap Between Men and Women|Despite all of their flaws and difficulties, these men don't want to walk out on their own lives, leave their wives and children. They want to come home.
Rebecca Traister, All the Single Ladies: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation|In part, that's because when we delay marriage, it's not just women who become independent. It's also men, who, like women, learn to clothe and feed themselves, to clean their homes iron their shirts and pack their own suitcases.
Joseph Fink, Welcome to Night Vale|Troy and I loved each other. We called it 'unconditional love', which was true. Once conditions arose, the love dissipated.
Terry McMillan, I Almost Forgot About You|For five years I didn't think it was possible to be this happy.But then he forgot all those promises he made. He forgot why he loved me. He simply stopped loving me.And this is how he did it:He stopped talking to me unless I spoke to him.He stopped holding my hand.He stopped kissing me good night.He stopped kissing me good morning.He stopped kissing me.He stopped smiling at me.He stopped laughing.He stopped bathing and showering with me.He stopped wanting me.He started swearing at me.He started lying to me.He started cheating on me.He hurt me.And then he told me he was in love with another woman and wanted a divorce.Oh, I forgot. He said he was sorry.I wanted to blow his fucking brains out.
Emma Straub, Modern Lovers|Why bother getting married, going through all the pomp and pageantry, if you didn't think it was going to last? It was far easier to live in sin and not have to deal with the paperwork.
Amy E. Reichert, Luck, Love & Lemon Pie|When love is real, even when you can't find it under mountains of hurt feelings and shuttered emotions, it's not really gone. All it takes is finding one new reason to fall in love. Just one, and all the other reasons become clear again.
Nescio, Amsterdam Stories|One time, on a pleasure cruise, he saw a young couple, fiancés, sitting and looking at the water--the boy had his right arm around the girl's shoulder and held her right wrist tight and she had put her left hand on his right hand, and they sat like that, pressed close together. The little poet looked at them, it's so lovely to see a nice young couple like that. That these children are excited because they want more, that they are only getting each other worked up for what they can't do and don't dare to do, that they never know where to stop--no one ever notices that or thinks about that. It was very lovely, and maybe the truth was that they had just recently gotten engaged and were still satisfied with being madly in love with each other.
Auliq-Ice|Life during the wedding day can be so simple, but life after the wedding day can be THE HARDEST.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|She clung to her husband. And it was just at the time when he needed her most, because he suffered the disadvantage of being ten years ahead of her as he stumbled alone through the mists of old age, with the even greater disadvantage of being a man and weaker than she was. In the end they knew each other so well that by the time they had been married for thirty years they were like a single divided being, and they felt uncomfortable at the frequency with which they guessed each other’s thoughts without intending to, or the ridiculous accident of one of them anticipating in public what the other was going to say. Together they had overcome the daily incomprehension, the instantaneous hatred, the reciprocal nastiness and fabulous flashes of glory in the conjugal conspiracy. It was the time when they loved each other best, without hurry or excess, when both were most conscious of and grateful for their incredible victories over adversity. Life would still present them with other mortal trials, of course, but that no longer mattered: they were on the other shore.
Penny Reid, Happily Ever Ninja|Each marriage is a living thing, just as complex as the two individuals within it.
Dan B. Allender, Intimate Allies|Marriage requires a radical commitment to love our spouses as they are, while longing for them to be what they are not yet. Every marriage moves either toward enhancing one another's glory or toward degrading each other.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|For breakfast to be called ‘in bed’ instead of ‘on top of a bed,’ the house in which it is about to be eaten has to have at least two rooms (excluding the kitchen); (at least) three, if it has a bathroom.
Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses|During, he looked away from all the strain, all the scratchiness, all the fights that never got going, he closed his eyes and waited until her smile came back. He allowed himself to believe in that smile, that brilliant counterfeit of joy
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|As long as he lived, it would always be a pleasure and a gift to fill his hands with the weight of her flesh.
Rebecca Traister, All the Single Ladies: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation|In fact, it is the progressive nature of a nation that permits continuing revisions to its bedrock institutions –– its constitution, its electorate, its definition of marriage –– that has allowed marriage to evolve, to become more inclusive, more equal, and potentially more appealing to more people.
Auliq-Ice|Marriage is just like business, only a few succeed, many manage & the REST RESIGN.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|According to the American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language, the definition of the word ‘rebellion’ is ‘an act or a show of defiance toward an authority or established convention. Extensions of the expression include to fly in the face of danger and to fly in the face of providence, both of which carry a sense of reckless or impetuous disregard for safety.’Because we did not grow up with our fathers, we became reckless with our lives and disregarded the lives of others as well. Therefore, the problem is not the gangs, so to speak; rather, it’s the conditions that create them. It is the dismantling of our homes and marriages that create the right conditions for gangs to flourish. If homes could be put back together or prevented from falling apart, then these symptoms could be, root cause eradicated.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When you love someone, you end up caring about each and every person they love. When you hate someone, you end up caring about every single person who hates them.
Rosemary K. West, For Better - Or What?|I had complete faith that this was a man who would keep his promises, who would always be there when I needed him, who would always have my best interests at heart. Together we would be able to face anything in life.
Rebecca Traister, All the Single Ladies: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation|Joel Kotkin, a professor of urban development, argued in the daily beast that the power of the single voter is destined to fade, since single people "Have no heirs," while their religious, conservative, counterparts will repopulate the nation with children who will replicate their parents politics, ensuring that "conservative, more familial-oriented values inevitably prevail." Kotkin's error, of course, is both in assuming that unmarried people do not reproduce -- in fact, they are doing so in ever greater numbers -- but also in failing to consider whence the gravitation away from married norms derived. A move toward independent life did not simply emerge from the clamshell: it was born of generations of dissatisfaction with the inequalities of religious, conservative, social practice.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Whatever else remained the same, the light had changed, and you cannot find the pearly dawn at noonday. The fact is unalterable, that a fellow-mortal with whose nature you are acquainted solely through the brief entrances and exits of a few imaginative weeks called courtship, may, when seen in the continuity of married companionship, be disclosed as something better or worse than what you have preconceived, but will certainly not appear altogether the same.
Nick Vujicic, Love Without Limits: A Remarkable Story of True Love Conquering All|We believe that Jesus has made His home in our hearts, and as long as we carry Him there, God's love will keep our love strong no matter where we are.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|It was mathematical, marriage. Not, as one might expect, additional. It was exponential.
Kori David, In Zach's Arms|When are you going to marry her? “As soon as I can find a preacher willing to perform a ceremony with a handcuffed and gagged bride,” Zach replied grimly.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation and Empire|Married life had taught Toran the futility of arguing with a female in dark-brown mood. He shrugged, and left her.
Elizabeth Peters, The Curse of the Pharaohs|Emerson is a remarkable person, considering that he is a man. Which is not saying a great deal.
Jeanette Coron|If you dump the fear of failure, you will eventually marry success.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Before marriage she thought hserself in love; but the happiness that should have followed this love not having come, she must, she thought, have been mistaken. And Emma tried to find out what one meant exactly in life by the words felicity, passion, rapture, that had seemed to her so beautiful in books.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|My mother could see that as far as my father's relationship with the Party was concerned, she was an outsider. One day, when she ventured some critical comments about the situation and got no response from him, she said bitterly, "You are a good Communist, but a rotten husband!" My father nodded. He said he knew.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|Mum is a perfectionist and Dad is a pedant and that was partly why their marriage didn't work so well, Elsa figures. Because a perfectionist and a pedant are two very different things.
Bernard Golden, Overcoming Destructive Anger: Strategies That Work|Anger WorksAnger can be extremely rewarding in the short term. It can distract you from pain and threatening feelings. You may use anger to provoke fear and anxiety in others. Such anger makes others feel threatened, allowing you to gain control. But regularly directing anger at someone is likely to make him or her even less supportive. Ultimately, that person will withdraw completely- leaving you feeling even more isolated.
Gabriel Chevallier, Clochemerle|At Clochemerle, the greater number of the men put up with their wives, and the great majority of the women with their husbands. If this hardly amounted to adoration, in the majority of homes at any rate the men and women found each other very nearly endurable.
Curtis Sittenfeld, American Wife|You never know the nature of another couple's marriage, do you?
Elizabeth Peters, Lion in the Valley|I was beginning to fear that you had turned into one of those boring females who can only say 'Yes, my dear' ... You know very well, Peabody, that our little discussions are the spice of life -- 'The pepper in the soup of marriage' -- Very aptly put, Peabody. If you become meek and acquiescent, I will put an advertisement in the Times telling Sethos to drop by and collect you. Promise me you will never stop scolding...
Eeva Lancaster, You're Getting Married Soon... Now What?|True Love… it’s the most wonderful human emotion and one of the most elusive. We search for it, trying to find that one person in the whole world worthy enough to spend our lives with. When you look at the trail of broken hearts, the rivers of tears and the broken dreams, it’s quite obvious that it’s not an easy dream to achieve. Don’t we rightly call it the Quest for Love? That’s why when we think we’ve found the right person, we are giddy with happiness and relief. Finally! The answer to our prayers has come after such a long wait. We are safe. We are loved.A lot of women view marriage this way and I blame that on all the Walt Disney cartoons we watched as little girls. There’s this beautiful helpless princess locked away in a castle and here comes this handsome prince to save her from her miserable life. Classic. Then, after the grand wedding ball, the movie ends with:“And They Lived Happily Ever After.”That’s it? What happened afterwards? Nothing’s mentioned about that. We are made to think that it all ends there, that the couple’s happiness is secured and a given. They love each other, right? They went through all that trouble just to be together. So they’ll be happy. End of story.
Sanjeev Himachali|MARRIAGE IS NOT AN EVENT. Marriage is a journey. A journey that begins from the very day you hold hands of one another to walk together rest of your journey. During the journey, you LAUGH together; CRY together; care for one another, pacify each other, and you create a new world for yourself. You walk together during all seasons. You share your JOY and you share your PAIN. You continue to walk together until time parts you away.
J. Budziszewski|The unitive capacities of the spouses don't exist for nothing; they exist for motherhood and fatherhood. That is the matrix in which they develop, for children change us in a way we desperately need to be changed. They wake us up, they wet their diapers, they depend on us utterly. Willy-nilly, they knock us out of our selfish habits and force us to live sacrificially for others; they are the necessary and natural continuation of the shock to our selfishness which is initiated by matrimony itself.
Kamand Kojouri|Know this: whenever you think of leaving, a part of you has already left. But it’s never too late to get it back.
Robert Thier, The Robber Knight's Secret|I love you like the devil loves his pitchfork. I love you like the angel loves his wings. I love you from here to heaven, through hell and back again.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|Women's work, married or unmarried, is menial and low paid. Women's right to possess property is curtailed, more if they are married. How can marriage provide security? In any case a husband is a possession which can be lost or stolen and the abandoned wife of thirty odd with a couple of children is far more desolate and insecure in her responsibility than an unmarried woman with or without children ever could be.
Heenashree Khandelwal, Chicken In Chicken Out|All lies, freckled vows, crying-weeping on your toesExpected jelly beans gusto, got yourself a life imperfectoToo good a gal, too arrogant a galToo independent, too in need of ChanelTook a careless ride, leaped for a perilous dive Now look who thrived, who gave you a vibe.  - Chicken In Chicken Out
Elona Washington, From Ivy League To Stripper Life: 10 Lessons Learned|Every major life decision I made came from my pain, guilt and shame...even down to the man I chose for a husband.
Elona Washington, From Ivy League To Stripper Life: 10 Lessons Learned|I also learned what I and many other wives were doing wrong. We were neglecting ourselves. We were born women yet were taking care of our roles as mom, employee or wife before we took care of ourselves. But in order to adequately fulfill those roles, we have to put ourselves first.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|They disagreed always about this, but it did not matter. She liked him to believe in scholarships, and he liked her to be proud of Andrew whatever he did.
James Fenimore Cooper|Nevertheless, likin' is a tender plant, and never thrives long when watered with tears. Let the 'arth around your married happiness be moistened by the dews of kindness.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|The second class status of marriage became one of the principal issues in the Reformation. Martin Luther, the Augustinian friar, had barely posted his ninety-five theses on the door of the church in Wittenberg when he took himself a wife.
Lorraine Heath, She Tempts the Duke|We are not going to decide this with a game of cards," Sebastian grout. "Besides, the decision has been made.""Oh? Tristan arched a brow. "And who is it to be then?""You. You’re the one who allowed her in here and then let her stay."He’d expected his brother to protest. Instead, he simply gave up curt nod. "Right, then. I’d best go ask for her hand while she still in London. Word is that her father sending her away."He taken but two steps before Sebastian and ground out, "Damn you, Tristan. You know it will be me.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|At the end of the day -- after work, after trying to spend some sort of meaningful time with Alice and Noomi --Georgie was usually too tired to make things right with Neal before they fell asleep. So things stayed wrong.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|Things didn't go bad between Georgie and Neal. Things were always bad -- and always good. Their marriage was like a set of scales constantly balancing itself. And then, at some point, when neither of them was paying attention, they'd tipped so far over into bad, they'd settled there. Now only an enormous amount of good would shift them back. An impossible amount of good.
Deyth Banger|To don't forget and marriage, the happiness is the from 20 up to 30% out of the 100% the other percentage is anger, and very negative sides. So far most people are dead.
Fiorella De Maria, We'll Never Tell Them|As Liljana sat stitching a sampler or darning a sock, she dreamed her way into life as a grown woman with her own household to run, her own home to tidy, her own children to mind, and her own husband to cheer after a long day's work as they sat together by the fire. The life that future generations would dismiss as dull and degrading offered Liljana the liberating prospect of being mistress in her own home rather than living to serve others.
Barbara Pym|It was the ring on the left hand that people at the Old Girls' Reunion looked for. Often, in fact nearly always, it was an uninteresting ring, sometimes no more than the plain gold band or the very smallest and dimmest of diamonds. Perhaps the husband was also of this variety, but as he was not seen at this female gathering he could only be imagined, and somehow I do not think we ever imagined the husbands to be quite so uninteresting as they probably were.
Kamand Kojouri|I'm not here to grant you the extraordinary love you never had for yourself. I'm here, on my own accord, to love you. So that when you stare into my mirror eyes, you may see how extraordinary you are.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Rules are made to be broken, but hearts are broken to be made.It is a big miracle to be loved "because" of your inadequacies, not "despite" them. And nothing can be as fascinating as walking tall on the same road that once witnessed your fall.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Can you imagine, finally showing your true self to your spouse, your soul mate, and having him not like you?
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I see marriage as an operation that sews two people together, and divorce is a kind of amputation that can take a long time to heal. The longer you were married, or the rougher the amputation, the harder it is to recover.
Nicole J. Fortune, From Selfie To Wifey|Ladies, being able to submit to your future husband requires a deeper trust in God who created him.
Nicole J. Fortune, From Selfie To Wifey|God gave you the capacity to invent, work, create and to be brilliant.
Robert Barr, Out of Thun, and An Alpine Divorce|When you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.
Bryan Islip, Like an Angel Sings|Their making of love ... had even been something like this, when it became a kind of harmony, enveloping them together and together and for ever into that crescendo. And, yes, now really, really she knew the multitudinous singing of the stars and she wanted everything to stay where it was, now and forever with him ...
Kamand Kojouri|My dear, please be careful.You no longer live only for yourself.You live for me as well.
Morris R. Gates|And while she was fire,So fierce and so wild,I could only hope to be for her;The forests and the winds to carry her flame.
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|Marriage: a hopeful, generous, infinitely kind gamble taken by two people who don't know yet who they are or who the other might be, binding themselves to a future they cannot conceive of and have carefully omitted to investigate.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|... He spoke in the deep tenderness of one about to leave his treasure amid perils and foes, where his remembered words would be the only aid he could bequeath to guide her.
Elias Tan JS|The Fear of being lonely and alone after a breakup"If you deal with that fear by finding love in another relationship before finding the love of God, you will find yourself holding to a lesser love that does not cast out fear.You will still live in fear, because that relationship becomes your security, and you will fear losing that relationship. Perfect love casts out all fear - 1 John 4:18There is only one source of perfect love.
Pope Paul VI, Humanae Vitae: Of Human Life|Married love, therefore, requires of husband and wife the full awareness of their obligations in the matter of responsible parenthood, which today, rightly enough, is much insisted upon, but which at the same time should be rightly understood. Thus, we do well to consider responsible parenthood in the light of its varied legitimate and interrelated aspects.
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|I was relying on youth be loyal to the specific variety of compromise and unhappiness, which our hard-won marriage represents.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|Times and scenes like that put Janie to thinking about the inside state of her marriage. Time came when she fought back with her tongue as best she could, but it didn’t do her any good. It just made Joe do more. He wanted her submission and he’d keep on fighting until he felt he had it. So gradually, she pressed her teeth together and learned to hush. The spirit of the marriage left the bedroom and took to living in the parlor. It was there to shake hands whenever company came to visit, but it never went back inside the bedroom again. So she put something in there to represent the spirit like a Virgin Mary image in a church. The bed was no longer a daisy-field for her and Joe to play in. It was a place where she went and laid down when she was sleepy and tired. She wasn’t petal-open anymore with him.
Sarah Jo Smith, Entangled Loyalties|The romantic vision she’d held of her marriage where the two of them came first and children, no matter whose they were, came after that relationship had disappeared, and she had no idea where to find it.
The God|That place is happy over which a holy man builds a house, with fire, cattle, wife, children and good followers
M.F.K. Fisher, Sister Age|put Rachel facing the door, in a faint subtle effort to make her know that if he had only had enough money and had managed to finish the thesis, he might well have asked her to be his hostess and share her life with him.
Mercedes Lackey, Winds of Fury|You marry who you think your beloved is, and then discover who they really are over the years. It’s that discovery that makes a marriage work.
Melissa Broder, So Sad Today: Personal Essays|In this moment I resolve to kiss my husband with an open mouth forever. I want to freeze him the way I see him in this instant: dark eyebrows, sexy, sleepy hair and sleepy eyes. But we can't freeze the way that we see the people we love, as much as we would wish. I know that I will kiss my husband with a closed mouth again, at some point. I know that I will even kiss him with a closed heart. I pray for our love. I pray that even if I kiss my husband with a closed heart, my heart opens again to him. When I desire my husband. I am grateful to desire my husband. What can we hope for in a marriage but to keep seeing things anew? With the people we love, it is so easy to stop seeing them at all.
Helen Simonson, The Summer Before the War|They sat a moment in embrace of silent mutual comfort, which was, she often thought, the reward of those long married.
Rick Cormier, MiXED NUTS or What I've Learned Practicing Psychotherapy|There is an unspoken agreement in every successful relationship: "I'm not perfect and you're not perfect. I can ignore your imperfections if you can ignore mine. I choose to spend my life in your company.
Jamie Brenner, The Wedding Sisters|That’s what marriage was at its best: You didn’t have to tell your partner to look out, that you were falling. They were just there to catch you.
Aleksandra Layland, Far Haven: A Quest for Certitude. A Fight for Justice.|I want you with me, my dearest. Not just as a friend, though also as that. I want you as my wife. I want to know that we share our lives and cares, we share our health and ill, and we share our happiness and sorrow.
Lynn Emanuel, Hotel Fiesta|The SleepingI have imagined all this:In 1940 my parents were in loveAnd living in the loft on West 10thAbove Mark Rothko who painted cabbage rosesOn their bedroom walls the night they got married.I can guess why he did it.My mother’s hair was the color of yellow applesAnd she wore a velvet hat with her pajamas.I was not born yet. I was remote as starlight.It is hard for me to imagine thatMy parents made love in a roomful of rosesAnd I wasn’t there.But now I am. My mother is blushing.This is the wonderful thing about art.It can bring back the dead. It can wake the sleepingAs it might have late that nightWhen my father and mother made love above RothkoWho lay in the dark thinking Roses, Roses, Roses.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|And I knew that in spite of all the roses and kisses and restaurant dinners a man showered on a woman before he married her, what he secretly wanted when the wedding service ended was for her to flatten out underneath his feet like Mrs Willard's kitchen mat
Günter Grass, The Flounder|For marriage has nothing in common with love. marriage makes for security; love makes only for suffering. On the other hand, love could be so distilled, spun so fine as to implicate third and fourth persons, as to take up three or four exciting acts in a play.
Ashok Ferrey, The Good Little Ceylonese Girl|They had lived down the road from each other as children. Everyday they walked home from school hand in hand; they were childhood sweethearts, they were bestfriends. And when they came of age, in the time-honoured Sri Lankan tradition they were given in marriage. To other people.
Robert A. Heinlein, The Cat Who Walks Through Walls|Marrying Gretchen is a good idea, darling; I would enjoy bringing her up. Teaching her to shoot, helping her with her first baby, coaching her in how to handle a knife, working out with her in martial arts, all the homey domestic skills a girl needs in this modern world.
Robert Silverberg, Dying Inside|I don't understand why anybody old enough to know the score ever gets married, anyway. Why should love require a contract? Why put yourself into the clutches of the state and give it power over you? Why invite lawyers to fuck around with your assets? Marriage is for the immature and the insecure and the ignorant. We who see through such institutions should be content to live together without legal coercion
James Thurber|I'll never know the right answer for sex and marriage, sense and mirage.
Mary Balogh, Dancing with Clara|His friend laughed. 'You missed your calling, Freddie,' he said. 'You should have been one of the aforementioned clergy. Is this what marriage does to you? One shudders at the very idea.
Gwynn White, Rebel's Honor|The idea of marrying Lukan made her skin crawl. He was a Chenayan. She, a Norin. He was her conqueror. She, his conquered. He had been born and raised to lord over her. She had been born and raised to hate him. They might as well have been different species.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|Oh," she said. "I wasn't going to ask, but then you never said anything about it, so I thought I'd ask.""How about you?""Not me," said Odette. She had a poem about marriage. It began, Marriage is the death you want to die, and in front of audiences she never read it with much conviction. Usually she swung her foot back and forth through the whole thing.
Ashok Ferrey, The Good Little Ceylonese Girl|In Sri Lanka, the people you lived amongst, the people you went to school with, the people in whose houses you ate, whose jokes you shared: these were not the people you married. Quite possibly they were not your religion. More to the point they were probably not your caste. This word with its fearsome connotations was never, hardly ever used. But it was ever present: it muddied the waters of Sri Lanka's politics, it perfumed the air of her bed-chambers; it lurked, like a particularly noxious relative, behind the poruwa of every wedding ceremony. It was the c-word. People used its synonym, its acronym, its antonym-indeed any other nym that came to mind - in the vain hope its meaning would somehow go away. It didn't. But if the people you chose to associate with were the very ones you could not marry, then the ones you did marry were quite often people you wouldn't dream of associating with if you had any choice in the matter.
Joan Didion|The apparently bottomless gulf between what we say we want and why we do want, between what we officially admire and secretly desire, between, in the largest sense, the people we marry and the people we love.
Michael  Darling, Got Luck|Thou mayest choose an helpmeet," said the King to me.An helpmeet? What the great googly-moogly was that?
Nilesh Rathod, Destiny of Shattered Dreams|Breakup is hard enough to live with, why do we need the paperwork of divorce.
Nilesh Rathod|Often, the bonds of marriage kill the purpose of the very marriage.
Adelheid Manefeldt, Years: a book of tiny poetry|The secret tugs at my sleeve.A child looking for attention.It is not a big secret.But it is not the only one either.“Strength in numbers” they say.For they are many.Many little things that – together –weigh tonnes.And take up space.And are quite noisy.The way only a lot of whispers can make noise.And they follow me.Little secretsof omission, desire,and denial.Of indulgence, hedonism,and exploration.Of peeves, passion,and deep-seated fear.Little secretsof despairanddisrepairandprohibited thoroughfare.
Agus Ekanurdi, Cook Your Way to Love & Harmony|Home cooking is the true embodiment of love. It makes us show patience, kindness, humility, hope, and perseverance.
Elisabeth Elliot, Let Me be a Woman|But you will find yourself disarmed utterly, and your accusing spirit transformed into loving forgiveness the moment you remember that you did, in fact, marry only a sinner, and so did he.
Helen Oyeyemi, Mr. Fox|Young men ... learn practical skills that set is in good stead for lives as the husbands of wealthy and educated women: Strong Handshakes, Silence, Rudimentary Car Mechanics, How to Mow the Lawn, Explosive Displays of Authority, Sport and Nutrition Against Impotance.
Dan Simmons, Olympos|... The continuation of her life was more than another day of breathing, but was the gift of another day of engagement with her beloved across the spectrum of all things.
Adelheid Manefeldt, Years: a book of tiny poetry|indelible waitingl'art poetique"..I will wait for the night to chase me..."I sit on a rock and watch children playingin the park belowThey don't see meOr know my thoughtsOr that you haven't calledBut I forgive them their indifference todayAbove me a crow cawsPerhaps he smells the crumbs on my dressOr my angerBut he flits away over the treesProbably has a homeProbably has a wifeProbably knew to callThe children leaveThe coffee in my can turns coldThe wind nips at meSome street lights flicker onBut I won't moveNot yetI will wait for the night to chase meBack where I came fromUp the empty streetTo a quiet house
Pope Francis|When the search for pleasure becomes obsessive, it holds us in thrall and keeps us from experiencing other satisfactions. Joy, on the other hand, increases our pleasure and helps us find fulfilment in any number of things, even at those times of life when physical pleasure has ebbed.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Night Play|I accept you as you are, and I will always hold you close in my heart. I will walk beside you forever.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When you love someone, you can just live without it.
Lindsay Detwiler, Without You|We sealed it with a kiss, and with the kiss, we sealed what would eventually become an engagement, a marriage, a Cape Cod, a dog, grilled cheese sandwiches on Mondays, and everything in between.
Michael  Darling, Got Luck|May I help you?""Mr. Neck-uh-stone-sack please," I replied."Um. You mean Nat?""Yeah. This is Counselor Smallwater's law office. May I speak with Nat?""Well, he's in a class right now. Can I take a message?""Hmm. I suppose it's all right. You can just tell him that his annulment is official now. He and his sister are no longer married.
Mark W. Boyer|A person with money who chooses to spend it on you, takes little effort and is meaningless. However, a person with no time who manages to spend what little they have on you... this means everything and should appreciated.
James C. Dobson|Dr. Morris soon recognized that the difference between successful and unsuccessful marriages can often be traced to how well couples are able to "bond" during the courtship period. By bonding he referred to the process by which a man and woman become cemented together emotionally. It describes the chemistry that permits two previous strangers to become intensely valuable to one another. It helps them weather the storms of life and remain committed in sickness and health, for richer or poorer, for better or worse, forsaking all others until they are parted in death. It is a phenomenal experience that almost defies description.
Paul Murray, The Mark and the Void|Ariadne made an impression on you, and that's great. But life is not literature. Sooner or later, the spell wears off, the romantic feelings disappear, and you're left watching somebody's body disintegrate. You start with a love story, you end up manacled to an hourglass, watching the sands run out.
Michael Bassey Johnson|There comes a time when one suddenly discovers that there will never be a time for the coming of the perfect person, or believe that God sends people from heaven, so one finds a random fellow, either righteous or unrighteous, excellent or Impaired, and in no time become what God had ordained.
Caroline Kennedy, She Walks in Beauty: A Woman's Journey Through Poems|Falling in love is a series of moments in which the ordinary becomes extraordinary. Those moments are not continuous, but the sense of union with another person is just about the best thing there is.
Pope Francis, Amoris Laetitia: Apostolic Exhortation on the Family|It is in the very nature of conjugal love to be definitive. The lasting union expressed by the marriage vows is more than a formality or a traditional formula; it is rooted in the natural inclinations of the human person. For believers, it is also a covenant before God that calls for fidelity.
Michael Spehn|9/11/01Gina:Especially today, with the enormity of current events, I want to convey to you again, how much you mean to me and how proud I am to be your husband. The hard work that you are engaged in right now is exhausting, invisible and largely thankless in the short term. But honey, please know that buried at the core of this tedium is the most noble and important work in the world- God's work; the fruits of which you and I will be lucky enough to enjoy as we grow old together. Watching these little guys grow into men is a privilege that I am proud to share with you, and the perfect fulfillment of our marriage bonds. You are a great mom. You are a great wife. You are my best friend. You are very pretty.  Happy Birthday.  -Matt
Pope Francis|Natural marriage, therefore, is fully understood in the light of its fulfilment in the sacrament of Matrimony: only in contemplating Christ does a person come to know the deepest truth about human relationships.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|And so, standing before the aforesaid officiator, the two swore that at every other time of their lives till death took them, they would assuredly believe, feel, and desire precisely as they had believed, felt, and desired during the few preceding weeks. What was as remarkable as the undertaking itself was the fact that nobody seemed at all surprised at what they swore.
Kemi Sogunle|If your relationship is draining your energy, making you lose yourself and taking your attention away from God, then you are not in a relationship but a cult. You are busy creating an idol (mini-God) for yourself.
Joshua Isard, Conquistador of the Useless|Organizing the books was a fun afternoon. We decided to put the thick hardback books, mostly intro. to philosophy textbooks and Norton literature anthologies, on the top shelves where they looked good but stayed out of reach since there's no reason for opening them ever again. Then we went by genre: mysteries, cozies, modernists, mountains, sci-fi, beloved childhood volumes, books we bought abroad, books required in school we couldn't sell back, books bought for us we'll read soon, books bought for us we have no intention of reading, books we want to read but are too long for a commitment with our current schedules...We're not really done with this organization, and I doubt we ever will be, but that's one great part about it.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|It as mathematical, marriage, not, as one might expect, additional; it was exponential. This one man, nervous in a suite a size too small for his long, lean self, this woman, in a green lace dress cut to the upper thigh, with a white rose behind her ear. Christ, so young. The woman before them was a unitarian minister, and on her buzzed scalp, the grey hairs shone in a swab of sun through the lace in the window. Outside, Poughkeepsie was waking. Behind them, a man in a custodian's uniform cried softly beside a man in pajamas with a Dachshund, their witnesses, a shine in everyone's eye. One could taste the love on the air, or maybe that was sex, or maybe that was all the same then.'I do,' she said.'I do,' he said.They did. They would. Our children will be so fucking beautiful, he thought, looking at her. Home, she thought, looking at him. 'You may kiss,' said the officiant. They did, would. Now they thanked everyone and laughed, and papers were signed and congratulations offered, and all stood for a moment, unwilling to leave this gentile living room where there was such softness. The newlyweds thanked everyone again, shyly, and went out the door into the cool morning. They laughed, rosy. In they'd come integers, out they came, squared. Her life, in the window, the parakeet, scrap of blue midday in the London dusk, ages away from what had been most deeply lived. Day on a rocky beach, creatures in the tide pool. All those ordinary afternoons, listening to footsteps in the beams of the house, and knowing the feeling behind them. Because it was so true, more than the highlights and the bright events, it was in the daily where she'd found life. The hundreds of time she'd dug in her garden, each time the satisfying chew of spade through soil, so often that this action, the pressure and release and rich dirt smell delineated the warmth she'd felt in the cherry orchard. Or this, each day they woke in the same place, her husband waking her with a cup of coffee, the cream still swirling into the black. Almost unremarked upon this kindness, he would kiss her on the crown of her head before leaving, and she'd feel something in her rising in her body to meet him. These silent intimacies made their marriage, not the ceremonies or parties or opening nights or occasions, or spectacular fucks. Anyway, that part was finished. A pity...
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Talents|There must be good marriages somewhere, but to me, marriage had the feel of people tolerating each other, enduring each other because they were afraid to be alone or because each was a habit that the other couldn't quite break.
Marianne Williamson|A marriage is meant to be a blessing on the world, because it is a context in which two people might become more than what they would have been alone.  The entire world is healed by the presence of healed people.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Life was rich with possibility, or life was possibly rich...She felt incandescent with the news.Cold sun. Jack in the pulpits nosing out of the still-frozen mud. Lotto lay watching the world incrementally wake up. They had been married for seventeen years, she lived in the deepest room in his heart, and sometimes that meant that wife occurred to him before Mathilde, helpmeet before herself, abstraction of her before the physical being. But not now. When she came across the veranda, he saw Mathilde all of the sudden, the dark whip at the center of her, how, so gently, she flicked it and kept him spinning. She put her cold hand on his stomach, which he was sunning to banish the winter's white. 'Vain,' she said. 'An actor in a playwright's hide,' he said. 'I'll never not be vain.''Oh well, it's you,' she said. 'You're desperate for the love of strangers, to be seen.''You see me,' he said. And he heard the echo with his thoughts a minute before and was pleased.'I do,' she said. 'Now please, talk.'She stretched her arms over heads...she looked at him, savoring her own knowing, his unknowing...
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|In his business, he observed human nature and came to certain conclusions about it. The conclusions lacked wisdom and originality; in fact, they were tiresome. But they were important to McGarrity because he had figured them out for himself. In the first years of their marriage, he had tried to tell Mae about these conclusions, but all she said was, "I can imagine." Sometimes she varied by saying, "I can just imagine." Gradually then, because he could not share his inner self with her, he lost the power of being a husband to her, and she was unfaithful to him.
Libbie Hawker, Daughter of Sand and Stone|Nafsha is so concerned with my virginity. I am beginning to think she would wed me herself. Alas, the only tool she might use to make me a woman is her tongue -- and it is far too sharp for me to allow it beneath my skirts.
Kim Gordon|Marriage is a long conversation, someone once said, and maybe so is a rock band's life. A few minutes later, both were done.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Mathilde and Lotto held hands in the taxi going to brunch, communicating, not speaking.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|...then he blushed and seemed to fade where he stood....When the musical star moved on, Lotto turned to her and silently docked his head on her shoulder for two moments, recharged he turned to face the others.
Courtney Maum, I Am Having So Much Fun Here Without You|In the end, that's why some of us stupid humans get married. Because we know that we can lose each other and find each other again.
Han Kang, The Vegetarian|For the first time, she became vividly aware of how much of her life she had spent with her husband. It had been a period of time utterly devoid of happiness and spontaneity. A time that she'd so far managed to get through only by using up every last reserve of perseverance and consideration. All of it self-inflicted.
Eric Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|If God is going to write your loves story, He's going to first need your pen.
Anthony Liccione|Please don´t drown into his fears, his concrete fists don´t let him again, break the bridge of your nose with his cruel born hits. Then disappear into that mask of misery.
Lisel Mueller, Alive Together|My husband says spring will be early.He says this every year,And every year I disagree.He needs me, the dark side of the planetary equation.Together we make the equinox.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|Lorenzo: In such a night stood Dido with a willow in her hand upon the wild sea-banks, and waft her love to come again to Carthage Jessica: In such a night Medea gathered the enchanted herbs that did renew old Aeson.  Lorenzo: In such a night did Jessica steal from the wealthy Jew, and with an unthrift love did run from Venice, as far as Belmont. Jessica: In such a night did young Lorenzo swear he lov'd her well, stealing her soul with many vows of faith, and ne'er a true one.  Lorenzo: In such a night did pretty Jessica (like a little shrow) slander her love, and he forgave it her. Jessica: I would out-night you, did nobody come; but hark, I hear the footing of a man.
Eric Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|No matter how many rules we make for ourselves, rules don't create godly relationships. Only leaning on our faithful Father and longing to please Him with everything we do will set the stage for a beautiful romance!
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|Only about 3 percent of animal species are monogamous. A couple of penguins, some otters and a few other oddball critters. To these select few it comes natural to mate for life and never look at another member of the opposite sex. Humans are not part of that little club. Like the other 97% of species, humans are not monogamous by nature. We just pretend that we are.
Algernon Charles Swinburne, Dolores: Notre-Dame Des Sept Douleurs|For the crown of our life as it closesIs darkness, the fruit there of dust;No thorns go as deep as the rose's,And love is more cruel than lust.Time turns the old days to derision,Our loves into corpses or wives;And marriage and death and divisionMake barren our lives.
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|I have a theory that while a man might not always get the wife he wants or needs, he always gets the wife he deserves.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 1st Movement|In the break-up of a marriage the world inclines to take the side of the partner with most vitality, rather than the one apparently least to blame.
Eric Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|Inviting God to write the chapters of our loves story involves work on our part - not just a scattered prayer here and there, not merely a feeble attempt to find some insight by flopping open the Bible every now and then. It's seeking Him on a daily basis, putting Him in first place at all times, discovering His heart.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Gaudy Night|I suppose one oughtn’t to marry anybody, unless one’s prepared to make him a full-time job.”“Probably not; though there are a few rare people, I believe, who don’t look on themselves as jobs but as fellow creatures.
Barnett R. Brickner|Success in marriage does not come merely through finding the right mate, but through being the right mate.
Alice McDermott, Charming Billy|It made it easier that they both believed in the simplest kind of afterlife - that my father could say to her, even in those last days, joking but without irony, 'You're going to get tired of hearing from me. I'll be asking you for this that and the other thing twenty-four hours a day. JESUS, you'll be saying, here comes another prayer from Dennis.' And my mother would reply, her voice hoarse with pain, 'Jesus might advise you to take in a movie once in a while. Give your poor wife a rest. She's in heaven, after all.'It was a joke, but they believed it, and they believed, too, I think, that their love, their loyalty to one another, was no longer a matter of chance or happenstance, but a condition of their existence no more voluntary or escapable than the pace of their blood, the influx of perception...There was, in their anticipation of what was to come, a queer self-satisfaction. It was clear now that they would love each other until the last moment of her life - hadn't that been the goal from the beginning? They would love each other even beyond the days they had lived together; was there any greater triumph?
Charlie Close, Burning Embers and Other Stories of Marriage, Work, and Family|I looked up and she said, "You have to believe I did everything a reasonable person would do. Maybe I didn't reach my hands into toilet water, but I did everything else I could.
Charlie Close, Burning Embers and Other Stories of Marriage, Work, and Family|Best of all, she waits outside the dressing room while I'm changing. Girlfriends don't do this but wives do, and if there is any better reason to get married than to have someone to hold your hand in a clothing store, I don't know what it is.
Mathew N.  Schmalz, Mercy Matters: Opening Yourself to the Life-Changing Gift|In our busy lives, intimacy often becomes a set piece—we sit down and make time for discussions, for togetherness, for sharing. But sometimes the most intimate parts of ourselves—our desires, our fears, our needs and sensitivities—are revealed most strongly in the course of our mundane routines.
Beatriz Williams, The Forgotten Room|I find a woman with brains enormously attractive and not threatening in the least. A pretty face is nice, too, but having somebody to converse with and share thoughts for thirty or forty years is very appealing to me.
Deyth Banger|Why do ever think about to get married??Do we dare, all life to get worried, to be curious, to be angry, to think for money like they are gold, to think about what next to buy, to cry and even and more to happen?Marriage is like the gold, you find it or not, it depends from you but you once lost you can't find the same gold or the same wife, it's in about of luck to find the same. Imaginate that you have gold, but you don't have money, so you go to a pawnshop and what happens the gold becomes money, but reality you have two diffirent stuff. This doesn't mean that by doing that you get the same, why don't you go and give your wife for other person??? Will be the same like your wife will live in this person for which you have replaced her??Of course, NOT!
Charlie Close, Burning Embers and Other Stories of Marriage, Work, and Family|Maybe it's a good idea," said Kathy."Why is that?""Well - you have a British sensibility.""What does that mean?""I just mean people over there might like it." She gestured in the direction of England.
Melissa de la Cruz, The Ring and the Crown|Don’t touch me. Don’t tell me how beautiful my eyes are, how soft my hair is, how you love to hear my voice. Don’t. Don’t pretend you are falling in love with me. I know you are lying, and every word you say hurts even more. Let us just be friends, if we can start there. Can’t we? Can’t we at least be friends? Get to know each other a little? Before the wedding, and the bedding, when I will have to take you as my lord and husband?
Ian McEwan, Amsterdam|When she found a place of her ownand packed her bags he asked her to marry him. She kissed him, and quoted in his ear,"He married a woman to stop her getting away, Now she’s there all day.
Elizabeth Alexander|In all marriages there is struggle and ours was no different in that regard. But we always came to the other shore, dusted off, and said, There you are, my love.
Breeana Puttroff|Dandelions represent the easy way. You pick up a dandelion and it's so soft, and it's so easy and even fun sometimes to blow the seeds everywhere. And you don't even realize what you're doing. Nothing happens right then, except you get a pretty little show in the breeze. It's not until later, sometimes, a long time later, that you look out in your garden and realize what you did.It's easy, love, to pull back, to hide in yourself, to run and say you're just taking some time, to keep all of your emotions inside, maybe even to think you're protecting me from something. It would be easier still for me to let you do that. To watch you blow those dandelion seeds everywhere, and pretend it won't damage anything. To pretend we won't wake up one summer morning to discover we've allowed a huge patch of weeds to grow between us, opening up cracks in the foundation of our marriage.Thorns, on the other hand... they're not easy. They hurt. They make you want to give up on the whole plant sometimes. But if you don't give up, love, if you fight through it, allow yourself to be hurt - the result is beautiful and strong. And it will last forever if you care for it.
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|As spouses, we play a big role in the development of each other's self-confidence, self-esteem, and self-worth. An entire personality can be destroyed and a marriage ripped apart over the course of just months. It's important that husbands and wives take this subject seriously and learn to build each other up through the simple concepts of dating. It's critical that the older we get, the younger we feel. As the years pass, our attitudes towards each other and our relationships should become more positive and our lives more meaningful.
Stephen King, Everything's Eventual: 14 Dark Tales|In a marriage, words are like rain. And the land of a marriage is filled with dry washes and arroyos that can become raging rivers in almost the wink of an eye. The therapists believe in talk, but most of them are either divorced or queer. It's silence that is a marriage's best friend.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Marriage can and should be the greatest thing that happens to you in this life, along with having children. We need to make the most of it and work to make it that great experience we dreamed about when we were young.
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|The way you date(treat) your spouse, truly has an impact inside and outside of your marriage.
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|Ask any successfully married couple what keeps their relationship alive and they will tell you, "interest." It's as simple as that.
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|The more interest you show in your spouse, the more interest your spouse will show in you.
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|In this changing world around us we can't help but change. Change is what makes our relationships so interesting! without it there wouldn't be anything new happening in our lives. Your job as an equal in your relationship is to look for change in your spouse and embrace it. When you show a devoted interest in every talent, hobby, desire, passion or goal that your spouse tosses on the table, you are telling your spouse that he/she is important to you. The favor will be returned tenfold. Life will become more interesting!
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|Forget about trying to "fix" your spouse's flaws. Instead, focus your attention on aspects and characteristics that you enjoy most.
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|Wanting to give her the best fit I could, I sand the knowledge I had learned from Snow Flower. "Everyone needs clothing-no matter how cool it is in summer or how warm it is in winter-so make clothes for others without being asked. Even if the table is plentiful, let your in-laws eat first. Work hard and remember three things: Be god to your in-laws and always show respect, be good to your husband and always weave for him, be good to your children and always be a model of decorum to them. If you do these things, your new family will treat you kindly. In that fine home, be calm of heart.
Lorrie Moore, Birds of America|Marriage, she felt, was a fine arrangement generally, except that one never got it generally. One got it very, very specifically.
David Nicholls, Us|Well I can tell you now that married life is not a plateau, not at all. There are ravines and great jagged peaks and hidden crevasses that send the both of you scrabbling into darkness. Then there are dull, parched stretches that you feel will never end, and much of the journey is in fraught silence, and sometimes you can't see the other person at all, sometimes they drift off very far away from you, quite out of sight, and the journey is hard. It is just very, very, very hard.
Aya Ling, The Ugly Stepsister|She says affection is all very well being imagined, like a romantic fancy, but marriage should be based on practical purposes in order to last longer.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, Forever, Interrupted|What's the rush, honey? We have all the time in the world.
David Nicholls, Us|Our biographies involve each other so intrinsically now that we're both on nearly every page. We know the answers because we were there, and so curiosity becomes hard to maintain; replaced, I suppose, by nostalgia.
Meg Cabot, Ransom My Heart|No man wants to marry, Finnula. There are just some women they can’t have any other way, and so it is a sacrifice willingly made in order to attain a particularly choice—
April White, Waging War|On this day, I give you my heart. I promise to be your lover, companion, and friend. Your greatest advocate and your toughest adversary, your comrade in adventure and your accomplice in mischief, and your ally in all things. I promise to communicate fully and fearlessly, and pledge my love, devotion, faith, and honor as i join my life to yours.
Daniel Marques|I think mixed women from interracial marriages are beautiful, and for many reasons, all of them good.
Noah Webster, Noah Websters Advice to the Young & Moral Catechism|But when thou findest sensibility of heart, joined with softness of manners, an accomplished mind, and religion, united with sweetness of temper, modest deportment, and a love of domestic life; such is the woman who will divide the sorrows and double the joys of thy life. Take her to thyself; she is worthy to be thy nearest friend, thy companion, the wife of thy bosom.
Edith Wharton|He could not imagine being bored by Susy -- or trying to escape from her if he were. He could not think of her as an enemy, or even as an accomplice, since accomplices are potential enemies: she was some one with whom, by some unheard-of miracle, joys above the joys of friendship were to be tasted, but who, even through these fleeting ecstasies, remained simply and securely his friend.
Dada Bhagwan|Marriage results in two possibilities: sometimes it results in prosperity, sometimes it results in destruction.
Richard Ford, A Multitude of Sins|Meeting a girl, falling in love, marrying her, moving to Connecticut, buying a fucking house, starting a life with her and thinking you really knew anything about her--the last part was a complete fiction, which made all the rest a joke.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|While God’s will is that every marriage will endure, man’s sin has poisoned many relationships.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Without Ruth’s partnership and encouragement over the years, my own work would have been impossible. We were called by God as a team.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It’s amazing how we can hurt others, especially those close to us . . .subtle and not-so-subtle ways in which wives belittle husbands and vice versa.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I get many letters every day from people who got married because they wanted their own selfish needs satisfied, and have only later come to realize that this does not work.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Marriage is not a reform school . . .Instead of you reforming [your spouse], [he or she] will instead influence you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As husband and wife, to have a happy life together, you must have confidence and respect, and you must have substantial agreement in your faith.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our culture puts feelings first, but true love isn’t based on feelings. That is why there are so many divorces today. When the early romantic feelings in a marriage do not remain constant . . .many people believe divorce is the answer.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Ruth’s] disposition is the same all the time—very sweet and very gracious and very charming. When it comes to spiritual things, my wife has had the greatest influence on my ministry.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Every divorce represents a broken dream, a shattered hope, a ruined expectation.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many people today have discarded the Bible’s clear teaching on sexual relations outside of marriage, simply because they are absorbed only in their own pleasures and desires.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A good marriage is not “made in heaven,” but on earth. Love is a fragile commodity which needs to be cultivated and nourished constantly.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Marriage is God’s invention, not ours! Society didn’t establish it; God did.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Satan’s first appearance in the Bible included an attack on a marriage—trying to divide Adam and Eve. His tactics have not changed. He wants our marriages to flounder and fail, because he knows that few things will discourage us more.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I know of few families today that aren’t touched to some extent by the heartache of divorce, including our own.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[My wife] is a great student of the Bible. Her life is ruled by the Bible more than any person I’ve ever known. That’s her rule book, her compass.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Young people, look to your Bible when thinking about any matter, including getting married.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have been asked the question, “Who do you go to for counsel, for spiritual guidance?’ My answer: My wife, Ruth. She is the only one I completely confide in.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When a husband and wife are concerned only about their own individual desires, the stage is set for conflict.
Costas Taktsis, The Third Wedding|Hecuba had the mistaken notion, just like my poor mama, that all a girl had to do was to get married and all her problems were solved overnight.
Pippa Goldschmidt, The Need for Better Regulation of Outer Space|I don't think she can see her husband very often, for he teaches the university students during the day, and works at the telescope at night. I wonder if she hopes for cloudy nights and then feels guilty.
Amit Kalantri|Marriage is not kick-boxing, it's salsa dancing.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|Liza Hempstock, who had been Bod's friend for the last six years, was different in another way; she was less likely to be there for him when Bod went down to the nettle patch to see her, and on the rare occasions when she was, she would be short-tempered, argumentative and often downright rude.Bod talked to Mr Owens about this, and after a few moments' reflection, his father said, "It's just women, I reckon. She liked you as a boy, probably isn't sure who you are now you're a young man. I used to play with one little girl down by the duck pond every day until she turned about your age, and then she threw an apple at my head and did not say another word to me until I was seventeen."Mrs Owens stiffened. "It was a pear I threw," she said, tartly, "and I was talking to you again soon enough, for we danced a measure at your cousin Ned's wedding, and that was but two days after your sixteenth birthday."Mr Owens said, "Of course you are right, my dear." He winked at Bod, to tell him that it was none of it serious. And then mouthed "Seventeen" to show that, really, it was.
Theodore Roosevelt|To all who have known really happy family lives, that is, to all who have known or who have witnessed the greatest happiness which there can be on this earth, it is hardly necessary to say that the highest idea of the family is attainable only where the father and mother stand to each other as lovers and friends. In these homes the children are bound to father and mother by ties of love, respect, and obedience, which are simply strengthened by the fact that they are treated as reasonable beings with rights of their own, and that the rule of the household is changed to suit the changing years, as childhood passes into manhood and womanhood.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|Any man,” she muttered, “who wanted to marry into the Hathaway family after this should be shut away in an institution.” “Marriage is an institution,” he said reasonably, retrieving her gown from the floor.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you love a girl, you never give up on her, no matter how long she resists you.
H.W. Brands|Time after time during the next six months, he would put me together again.
Michael Chabon|Landsman and Bina were married to each other for twelve years and together for five before that. Each was the other's first lover, first betrayer, first refuge, first roommate, first audience, first person to turn to when something -- even the marriage itself -- went wrong. For half their lives they tangled their histories, bodies, phobias, theories, recipes, libraries, record collections. They mounted spectacular arguments, nose-to-nose, hands flying, spittle flying, throwing things, kicking things, breaking things, rolling around on the ground grabbing up fistfuls of each other's hair. The next day he would bear the red moons of Bina's nails in his cheeks and on the meat of his chest, and she wore his purple fingerprints like an armlet.
RSCruz|If your children asked you about your honesty with God, Let them look at the pictures with the person you married and was the reason they're alive...and they will understand.
C.S. Lewis|When she had first crossed the dry and dusty world which his mind inhabited she had been like a spring shower; in opening himself to it he had not been mistaken. He had gone wrong only in assuming that marriage, by itself, gave him either power or title to appropriate that freshness. As he now saw, one might as well have thought one could buy a sunset by buying the field from which one had seen it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Marriage is the most serious long-term contract a couple will make in their lifetime, but many enter into it with a lack of maturity and knowledge. The growing number of divorces shows how imperative it is that young people be adequately prepared for marriage.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Nothing brings more joy than a good marriage, and nothing brings more misery than a bad marriage.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Thousands of young couples go through with a loveless marriage because no one ever told them what genuine love is. If people today knew that kind of love, the divorce rate would be sharply reduced.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The secret of domestic happiness is to let God, the party of the third part in the marriage contract, have His rightful place in the home. Make peace with Him and then you can be a real peacemaker in the home.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If young people could only realize that a happy marriage depends not only on the present, but upon the past, they would be more reluctant to enter into loose, intimate relations with anyone and everyone.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|Marriage can be a good thing, a source of joy, love, and mutual support. But why do we teach girls to aspire to marriage, but we don’t teach boys to do the same?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|WILL YOU DANCE WITH MEAs we stand here,Hand in hand,Under the neon lightsOf Truth and Love.I'm asking you toDance with me.To twirl,Kick,Drop,Jump,And flyWith me.Skidding andSliding acrossThe dancefloor of life,I want you toGlide with me.Through theSaddest andHappiest songs,The fastest highsTo the longest andSlowest lows,I want you toFlow throughThem allWithMe.
Jason Gay, Little Victories: Perfect Rules for Imperfect Living|If you go to somebody's house for a barbecue, it is only a matter of time before a guest has six beers and begins to inveigh loudly about how the institution of marriage is a sham, how it's a violation of nature's will, how monogamy is an outmoded expectation that might have made sense for power-consolidating families in AD 600 but makes little sense now, when there's you know, high school flames you can look up on Facebook. This well-versed marriage critic will then burp loudly and fall asleep in a lawn chair for the rest of the night, which says all you need to know about his marriage.
Manasa Rao|I haven’t been to a temple in years, never been forced. My folks always said, marry a nice human being, religion doesn’t matter. They said your god is inside you! Don’t you forget that. Krishna, Jesus, Allah, are all one. Follow vegetarianism as far as you can, but you can choose your own diet, doesn’t matter. Believe in god, but for you and not because the world asks you to. Forgive and forget to be at peace. Do not believe in revenge, believe in karma!!
Suzanne Wright, The Bite That Binds|I’ve always thought that Binding was a bit like a war − both sides think they’re right, and neither wants to back down…the only difference is that you’re sleeping with the enemy.”-Evan
Panashe Chigumadzi|She was still not at ease with the idea that she was now important enough to have people as accessories. Nor was she comfortable with the idea of these people as gatekeepers with access to the details of their personal lives. Whenever she felt herself shrinking under the indifferent glare of the staff that surrounded her, as she did in this instance, she straightened her back and lifted her chin in the way that Chiedza, her trusted advisor-friend, had instructed her to do.
James Plunkett, Strumpet City|If you want to know, it was the capitalists who invented marriage in order to protect the laws of inheritance.
Panashe Chigumadzi, Sweet Medicine|You know, Tsitsi, you are so quick to point out that you are not a prostitute. I just want to laugh because you are just falling into rank. You all should spare us your ‘morality’ that lauds ‘women’ over the supposedly lesser ‘whores’ and ‘girls’. That’s how society sees us. That’s how you see us. You want it to be that we are like coal, only to be loved in the dark and tossed like ashes come morning.
David E. Clarke, Kiss Me Like You Mean It: Solomon's Crazy in Love How-To Manual|Why couldn't Mr. Darcy, in the first half hour of the movie, simply walk up to Elizabeth and say, "Hey, I like you. Do you want to go out on a date? And, by the way, I'm filthy rich." I'll tell you why. Because that would defeat the purpose of a chick flick, which is to entertain women and torture men.
Shilpi Somaya Gowda, The Golden Son: A Novel|He opened his heart to me. He wasn't afraid to show me his weakness. It was a remarkable thing, in that time, for a man to do that. That's the key thing about a strong marriage. It gives you a safe place to be yourself, entirely, even the weak parts.
Panashe Chigumadzi|You can’t fight an evil disease with sweet medicine,’ says the ng’anga.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|When Jarod Kintz gets married, I want to wear his grandpa to the ceremony, telling everyone we're Siamese twins from the future-past. Meow.
Brock Clarke, An Arsonist's Guide to Writers' Homes in New England|I have no idea,' he said, and that's another thing I'll put in my arsonist's guide: be wary of a man who says, 'I have no idea,' when asked why his wife doesn't like something he's done, which of course is just another way of saying be wary of men in general.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love keeps my heart warm.,
Petina Gappah, An Elegy for Easterly: Stories|Later, as she drove the children to school, she thought how worn the grooves were along which they moved their quarrels. She could feel herself saying all the clichéd phrases of a thousand injured women before her, but she could never stop herself. - ‘The Negotiated Settlement
Harper Lee|Alexandra had been married for thirty-three years; if it had made any impression on her one way or another, she never showed it.
Shannon L. Alder|Temptation goes both ways. Sometimes, you can be tempted to live a half life because it pleases someone else. Don't ever live in such a way that your heart splits into two souls. You might find yourself sinning for the rest of your life because you don't want to really be in that situation, but you don't want to hurt the kids. That is a hell that your children will pick up on soon enough. Staying for the kids is possible, but it takes two people to agree that choice is their lifestyle, not one. Otherwise, you hold another person captive because of your fear of stating the obvious-- you are not in love with them.
Rachel Caine, Prince of Shadows|Married and buried, wed and dead.
Criss Jami, Healology|To the loyal and to the blood-lovers, in the good families and in the fiery dynasties, life is family and family is life. It is the same people who give advice and their vices to live well who turn out to be the ones who give resource and reason to live long.
Shannon L. Alder|Insanity is starting over a million times, expecting to feel the spark you never did the first time.
Shannon L. Alder|Staying for your children is noble. However, staying with someone that teaches your children that "selective" evilness is okay is mental illness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you have never known happiness and sorrow, then you have not fully experience life.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|Modern married women do not fare better in life than their single counterparts. Married women in America do not live longer than single women; married women do not accumulate as much wealth as single women (you take a 7 percent pay cut, on average, just for getting hitched); married women do not thrive in their careers to the extent single women do; married women are significantly less healthy than single women; married women are more likely to suffer from depression than single women; and married women are more likely to die a violent death than single women—usually at the hands of a husband, which raises the grim reality that, statistically speaking, the most dangerous person in the average woman’s life is her own man.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Marriage is sacred intimacy. The husband must love, feed and care for the family. The wife must love, respect and submit to the husband.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you can fall in love, then you can love.
Kent Haruf|Who does ever get what they want? It doesn't seem to happen to many of us if any at all. It's always two people bumping against each other blindly, acting out of old ideas and dreams and mistaken understandings.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the light, our hearts only knows love.
Lynn Cullen, Mrs. Poe|It is my belief that marriage is made holy by two souls in communion, not by the order of the law.
Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic|In my work, I see couples who no longer wait for an invitation into their partner's interiority, but instead demand admittance, as if they are entitled to unrestricted access into the private thoughts of their loved ones
Vann Chow, The White Man and the Pachinko Girl|Having a date with someone other than your ex-wife after being a married man for more than twenty five years was an important occasion alright, but wearing a tie she bought with such strong emotional value attached to it was a form of cowardice, a subconscious reluctance to let go.
Shannon L. Alder|If you have to make a daily choice to be in a relationship then you are married to the past, not the person.
Vann Chow, The White Man and the Pachinko Girl|The only difference between having an affair here and having an affair there was that the American men would always ended up losing half of his estates over a woman he was infatuated just as much as the next tramp who would come his way, while Japanese men would only earn more respect from their subordinates through the possession of much younger women, as a sign of prowess and affluence, while their wives at home, as if there were rule books distributed nationally on the “proper” marriage etiquette for all young Japanese women to read before they enter into the matrimony, would turn a blind eye on their disloyalty quietly.
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|Marriage is meant to keep people together not just when things are good, but particularly when they are not. That's why we take marriage vows - not wishes
Jane Austen|I must go, uncertain of my fate; but I shall return hither, or follow your party, as soon as possible. A word, a look will be enough to decide whether I enter your father's house tonight or never.
Andrew James Pritchard, Sukiyaki|Call it dating if you like, but I didn’t want her to be under the impression that it was anything serious. Not at that point in any case, it was more to be an experiment in human social relationships, one which might or might not lead to sex and or marriage.
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|God is more interested in restoring our hearts to Him, than giving us a happy marriage.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In marriage, the man and woman must complement each other.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Husband and wife, must complement each other.
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|If you want a happy Christ-centered marriage, you must be centered in Christ!
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|It's all right to have expectations in marriage. Just remember to keep them at the feet of Jesus, not at the feet of your spouse
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|Marriage cannot thrive on left-over attention, it has to get your best effort!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We must keep together, we belong to each other.
Crissy Moss, Small Bites: The Complete Collection|He looked up at her. Age and worry had taken their toll on her frail body, but she was kind and beautiful. And for a moment, memories and thoughts swam to the surface, the world coming into utter clarity. And all of them revolved around Amanda, his wife of fifty years.
Nicholas Sparks, At First Sight|...marriage is about becoming a team. You're going to spend the rest of your life learning about each other, and every now and then, things blow up. But the beauty of marriage is that if you picked the right person and you both love each other, you'll always figure out a way to get through it
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Cultural and religious traditions that forbid cross-cultural unions prevent peace on earth. Instead of rejoicing that our sons and daughters are heart-driven and love other humans outside of their familiar religious, social or cultural domains, we punish and insult them. This is wrong. Honor killings are not honorable by God. They are driven by ignorance and ego and nothing more. The Creator favors the man who loves over the man who hates. If you think God will punish you or your child for allowing them to marry outside of your tribe or faith, then you do not know God. Love is his religion and the light of love sees no walls. Anybody who unconditionally loves another human being for the goodness of their heart and nothing more is already on the right side of God.
Graham Kerr, Flash of Silver: ...the Leap That Changed My World|It is described by some as a moment when the world stops moving...it did just that for me. I knew before she said one word or made a single movement, that our lives would begin to dissolve into each other...we would never part again. This was not love at first sight, but rather second. I had fallen in love at eleven; now I was twenty and now all things were possible.
Archie Lee|Marriage is for the mature, not the infantile. The fusion of two different personalities requires emotional balance and control on the part of each person.
Nadia Hashimi, When the Moon is Low|We were pressed against each other, a husband and wife bound together not by marriage, but by the harmony of our hearts. Death could not undo us, I'd learned. My hamsar was with me still. He would watch over us, my beloved husband, as we made our way into tomorrow.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Selfish Genie: A Satirical Essay on Altruism|In many cases, it was the woman’s stomach—not her heart—that fell for her man.
Patricia Briggs, Wolfsbane|Wolf," she said. "Married is wonderful, married is lovely. But I loved you before that, and you were mine before that. Only you for me—only me for you. That's how it was before our marriage." The smile fell away and left her pale and determined. "That's how it was when I found you in that pit trap all those years ago—I knew as soon as I first saw your eyes. But then, I've known all my life what love is. It took you, who had nothing to compare it to, rather longer to figure out, to understand what is between us. But even when you did not understand or recognize it—it was always love.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|To him, she was one of the few girls who was nice to him, the stodgy son of a poor alcoholic shoemaker with such little status that he seemed unlikely to even get one wife, let alone the three or more that designated a man of standing.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|That woman," Grimm said quietly, "drives me quite insane."Kettle grunted. "Why'd you marry her, then?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Selfish Genie: A Satirical Essay on Altruism|In some cases, it is the woman’s stomach—not her heart—that has left her man for another.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|Nim looked aghast. “Of course not. Do you think my future wife would be a servant? No—it’s Number Seven of the wives. Her name is Begonia.”“Oh, no, Nim,” Vesper said. “You can’t fall for one of the wives! She’s married. And to the king, no less. That’s illegal. Maybe it shouldn’t be, but you’ll still probably be arrested if anyone finds out—or worse.”“I knew you’d say that,” Nim said, turning away. “You’re such a prude, Vesper. Love is above things like rules. And the king has so many wives and mistresses—he doesn’t even remember all of them.
Adeline Yen Mah|To celebrate his prosperity, fellow employees and friends urged him to take a young concubine to "serve him". Even Ye Ye's boss, the London-educated K. C. Li, jokingly volunteered to "give" him a couple of girls with his bonus. Ye Ye reported all this in a matter-of-fact way in a letter to his wife, adding touchingly that he was a "one-woman man".
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|Irish people marry late, as a rule. We have that potato-famine DNA from the old country, that mentality where you don't give birth to anything until you have the potatoes all stored up to feed it. My ancestors were all shepherds who got married in their thirties and then stayed together for life, who had long and happy marriages, no doubt because they were already deaf. My grandparents courted for nine years before they married in 1933.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Despite progress witnessed elsewhere in the matters of heart, parents in this part of the world hadn’t quite come around to letting their adult offspring choose their lovers.
Larry Gent, To Money and a TV|I was wrong.Now that I think about it, if I had said those words to a now-ex back in my twenties, I would probably be married right now.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In all spheres of life, we find the grace of patient endurance.
Nana cwame Aboagye|Never pray for just a beautiful and sexy partner, but pray for that who fear God. That he/she will not sin against his God.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|And being a husband made me helpless, because I had somebody to protect (somebody a little high-strung, who had a tough time emotionally with things like the lights going out indefinitely).
Bernard Dsa, Sweet Temptations|Affinity of a marriage is not a destination, but a journey of two hearts breezing into an yearning eternity
Hannah Fry|The most successful relationships are ones with a really low negativity threshold. In those relationships, couples allow each other to complain, and work together to constantly repair the tiny issues between them. In such cases, couples don't bottle up their feelings, and little things don't end up being blown completely out of proportion.
Kim van Alkemade, Orphan Number Eight|What makes you think I ever got married? Married women work themselves to death, all their money goes to husbands who gamble it away. Why would I ever do that to myself?
Gabriel García Márquez|But in those solitary Masses they began to be aware that once again they were mistresses of their fate, after having renounced not only their family name but their own identity in exchange for a security that was no more than another of a bride's many illusions. They alone knew how tiresome was the man they loved to distraction, who perhaps loved them but whom they had to continue nurturing until his last breath as if he were a child, suckling him, changing his soiled diapers, distracting him with a mother's tricks to ease his terror at going out each morning to face reality. And nevertheless, when they watched him leave the house, this man they themselves had urged to conquer the world, then they were the ones left with the terror that he would never return. That was their life. (4.113)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Promise me, you will always be there for me.
Caitlin Moran|And yet, despite the multiplicity of times we've done it, it is still a funny, exultant, true thing - where for a short time you turn into something else and fly; where you stop fretting and wanting, and are simply alight with joy - and all while never venturing beyond the walls of your room. And I would put our continued success down to one simple thing. At the end of every tumbling session, one of us will turn to the other and say, "Thank you very much. That was very pleasant. Very pleasant indeed. My dear, I am much obliged to you."Because at the end of the day, that is the hottest sex tip of all: gratitude. That you've found someone who wants to do that thing, with you, and no government has yet found a way to charge you VAT on it. You can set fire to the sky, and not be charged a penny.Sometimes, it's great being a human.
Akenfield: Portrait of an English Village|I have seen young boys in this village get married. They think it all bed, poor fellows. I see it quite different to this. I’m in no hurry at all. I must work. I mustn’t be worried or distracted. Not yet. I couldn’t spend time on my work if I was married.
|There is something treasonable about a child that does well. A market gardener I know, who is now about twenty, is a lonely person because he went to the grammar school and the village women say, ‘Didn’t get him far did it? All that schooling and he’s still on the land.’ Perhaps they know there is nothing like education for breaking up an ordinary country family.
Erica Jong, Fear of Flying|The virtues about marriage were mostly negative virtues. Being unmarried in a man's world was such a hassle that anything had to be better. Marriage was better. But not much. Damned clever, I thought, how men had made life so intolerable for single women that most would gladly embrace even bad marriages instead.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Promise me, you will love me forever.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t let go of your heart-love, soul mate!
Edith Wharton|A sense of having been decoyed by some world-old conspiracy into this bondage of body and soul filled her with despair. If marriage was the slow life-long acquittal of a debt contracted in ignorance, then marriage was a crime against human nature.
Shannon L. Alder|No one would have guessed that the jagged pieces of our soul fit the puzzle in this box. We were considered the left over remnants that had no place, except the picture we wanted to create together.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|He doesn’t need a donkey,” says Ana Kuya. “He has a wife.
Donna Andrews, Murder With Peacocks|If you're not entirely sure you want to spend the rest of your life with someone, it seems to me that the last thing you'd want to do is to set in motion a very lengthy, time-consuming, expensive, and highly public process designed to lead inexorably to just that.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|I thought it was love. No, it wasn't. It was marriage
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Before marriage a man prays that she accepts, after marriage a woman prays that he accepts
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|I thought there was no use for me in reading Sun Tzu and Machiavelli because I am neither a warrior nor a politician, but it turned out to be useful when I married
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|I came into marriage with love but when I got there she refused the dictatorship and fled away, I and my wife are looking for her. Anyone who finds her please contact us. We swear not to harm her again
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Before marriage man prays that god give him a wife, after marriage he prays that god save him from her.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|To the bachelor, the language of women is mystery. In those matters, a married man is already a scholar
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|After a long time in laboratories, psychologists have discovered the holy grail of a happy marriage: I applied it and it didn't work
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Divine self exist in love, in faith and in purity.
Mary Tornyenyor|My dear sister, if Judas (from Jesus church) had come to you and proposed marriage to you, would you have refused him? You make a big big biiiiiig mistake not to ask God in prayer before choosing a wife /Husband AND RECEIVING A DEFINITE ANSWER FROM HIM.Are you still thinking "Unbeliever" means people who are not in the message church?Church was indeed a kaboooooooooom!
Jean Faustin Louembe|the two shall become oneMany at times we think that when the word says the two shall become one, it has to do with only a husband and his wife. It is way beyond our imagination, we have to be one with our Lord and God before even being one with your wife or siblings. Like a precious brother said one day: " people are arguing on the text but the context cannot be argued about " why? Because people think they know the text but they fail to know the context which is the spiritual understanding behind the text. The church is always arguing about the text, the Doctrine and so on, whilst the Bride is being impregnated in the secret place( her heart) then she will have a change of mind that will produce her husband again in physical form. May God help us to understand the God we claim to worship. You cannot worship God in Spirit if you don't have the truth, neither will you understand the truth if you don't have The Holy Ghost. Not a sensation or a feeling but the very seed, germ of Christ in your spiritual womb(Heart). Then if you have that life, you will do like The disciples did, baptising in Jesus-Christ's name instead of titles: father, son and Holy Ghost like the churches do think they have the truth. The truth is found only in them that are humble to unlearn to be able to learn. Just like brother Paul humbled Himself after being convinced that Jesus-Christ is not just the son of God but God Almighty Himself(Acts9,1-6). Without unity, no one will be raptured because the carnal( unbeliever) will always fight the spiritual (The Word). Shalom God bless you.
Anna Godbersen, Envy|Marriage is a mystery that one would be wise not to solve too hastily.--- Marve De Jong, Love And Other Follies Of The Great Families Of Old New York
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|When a man marries, it's proof he can't govern his life. He needs a governess
Shannon L. Alder|In the end, you will not see the physical beauty in others that caught your eye, but the fire that burned within them. This kind of beauty is the bonfire you had to attend.
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|My ears interpreted a mix of nearby voices as calm, friendly, ordinary chatter. With that as background noise, I enjoyed the silent attention of my mate. The way his hand brushed softly over every inch of my bare skin tempted my eyelids to close and my mind to wander, but I kept focused, not wanting to miss a moment of admiring this beautiful man and his seductive, wild look. I felt a flood of emotion set in, born from absolute, interminable love for him. I wished for the voices to cease, for time to halt, for the moment we were living to replay over and over and over again perpetually. The world could have its gain and glory, its vengeance and victories. All I wanted was the enduring love and attention of this man who most assuredly was my soulmate.
Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom|It is not clear that married people are, on average, happier than those who never married, because unhappily married people are the least happy group of all and they pull down the average.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Over the years I have written many a letter for the wedding of one of the brothers and preached many a wedding sermon. The chief characteristic of such occasions essentially rested in the fact that, in the face of the "last" times (I do not mean this to sound quite so apocalyptic), someone dares to take a step of such affirmation of the earth and its future. It was then always very clear to me that a person could take this step as a Christian truly only from within a very strong faith and on the basis of grace. For here in the midst of the final destruction of all things, one desires to build; in the midst of a life lived from hour to hour and from day to day, one desires a future; in the midst of being driven out from the earth, one desires a bit of space; in the midst of the widespread misery, one desires some happiness. And the overwhelming thing is that God says yes to this strange longing, that here God consents to our will, whereas it usually meant to be just the opposite.
Teresa Collins, Live LIFE in All Caps: The Teresa Collins Story|Marriage is a lot like a roller coaster. You have extreme highs and you can have some pretty extreme lows, but the ride is worth it.
August Strindberg, Tjänstekvinnans son|Family ... the home of all social evil, a charitable institution for comfortable women, an anchorage for house-fathers, and a hell for children.
Sue Detweiler, 9 Traits of a Life Giving Marriage: How to Build a Relationship That Lasts|Being connected to Jesus is what gives us life. He is the Life-Giver. The life-giving joy, power, and purpose for marriage flow from the One who created us to be in relationship with each other. Apart from Him, we can’t do anything.
Sue Detweiler, 9 Traits of a Life Giving Marriage: How to Build a Relationship That Lasts|To experience intimacy in marriage, both partners need to feel safe.
Courtney Milan, The Duchess War|He knew taht many of his compatriots avoided marriage at all costs. They saw matrimony as an annoyance, a wife as another person who would nag and prod. But when he repeated his vows, he heard "as long as we both shall life" and he hoped.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Never advise a man against his wife or a wife against his husband. When they come together again you will be the archenemy. When they separate, the fault will all be yours
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you don’t capture the moments, it will be gone forever.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I don't want to be married anymore. In daylight hours, I refused that thought, but at night it would consume me. What a catastrophe. How could I be such a criminal jerk as to proceed this deep into a marriage, only to leave it? We'd only just bought this house a year ago. Hadn't I wanted this nice house? Hadn't I loved it? So why was I haunting its halls every night now, howling like Medea? Wasn't I proud of all we'd accumulated—the prestigious home in the Hudson Valley, the apartment in Manhattan, the eight phone lines, the friends and the picnics and the parties, the weekends spent roaming the aisles of some box-shaped superstore of our choice, buying ever some appliances on credit? I had actively participated in every moment of the creation of this life—so why did I feel like none of it resembled me? Why did I feel so overwhelmed with duty, tired of being the primary breadwinner and the housekeeper and the social coordinator and the dog-walker and the wife and the soon-to-be mother, and—somewhere in my stolen moments—a writer...? I don't want to be married anymore.
Philip Larkin|Maiden Name Marrying left your maiden name disused. Its five light sounds no longer mean your face, Your voice, and all your variants of grace; For since you were so thankfully confused By law with someone else, you cannot be Semantically the same as that young beauty: It was of her that these two words were used. Now it's a phrase applicable to no one, Lying just where you left it, scattered through Old lists, old programmes, a school prize or two Packets of letters tied with tartan ribbon - Then is it scentless, weightless, strengthless, wholly Untruthful? Try whispering it slowly. No, it means you. Or, since you're past and gone, It means what we feel now about you then: How beautiful you were, and near, and young, So vivid, you might still be there among Those first few days, unfingermarked again. So your old name shelters our faithfulness, Instead of losing shape and meaning less With your depreciating luggage laden.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more you love, the more you awaken the divinity within.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In any situation, listen and follow the first instinct, the sacred inner voice.
Jean Faustin Louembe|marriage is an union between two persons not threeIn our businesses, work environment school etc... We do what we call third party credibility in order for the person you are exposing a business or an item to be sure and convince . But this should not be applied on a marriage couple. Because the third party credibility in marriage, brings confusion and chaos. People get married and still live with their family and their wives or husbands are always living hell at home because of the interaction. Marriage is a fellowship, two fellows in the same ship. We can't be more than two in that ship. Try it and you will see the flames consuming the ship or water( quarrel or confusion) entering the ship. Whether biological sister, brother, mother, father and friends we should stay in our position not to be cursed by God for destroying people's homes with the seed of discrepancy. Listen and listen carefully, God is the only first, second and third party we could imagine for with Him, there isn't confusion by Grace. God bless you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You are the greatest wife of all time and I love you so much more’ said my husband, Jeremiah Nii Mama Akita.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In love, we are reborn to higher-self.
Regina Scott, Would-Be Wilderness Wife|She's your partner in all things. Remember how Ma and Pa used to act?'Simon nodded as he sat beside him. 'Every decision, every action taken together.'James raised his brows as he leaned against the wall. 'That's a tall order. Based on some of the married folks I've seen in town, not every marriage is such a joyful union.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|My husband was sleeping in the other room, in our bed.I equal parts loved him and could not stand him. I couldn't wake him to share in my distress—what would be the point? He'd already been watching me fall apart for months now, watching me behave like a madwoman (we both agreed on that word), and I only exhausted him. We both knew there was something wrong with me, and he'd been losing patience with it. We'd been fighting and crying, and we were weary in that way that only a couple whose marriage is collapsing can be weary. We had the eyes of refugees.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|What you pray for today, will be manifest tomorrow.
Christine Schultz, The Old Farmer's Almanac Book of Love|But perhaps the best words of wisdom come from Anne Gilberto of East Boston, who's been married to Steve for more than 50 years. In that time, they've reached a form of compromise that not only gets things done but also lets them both take satisfaction in having had their own way. The secret to their long marriage, say Anne, is this: 'I always give him the last word. I tell him what to do, and he says, 'Yes, ma'am.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|Every time he left, I shattered apart.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|She returned to him, pressed his cheeks in her hands. "My eccentric old man, thinking you could fly.""This time, only my words will fly," he said solemnly. They both cracked up. Almost twenty years together and if blazing heat had turned to warmth, humor, it was less wild but easier to sustain.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|I'm not blaming you," he stated firmly. "I'm just trying to think. God, Kate, there are times when I think you hate me. When I think you would do anything to get rid of me. And then... then there's last night. And all of the other times like it. I have never been more alive than when I'm with you.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|I think we've grown so far apart, we don't even know each other anymore.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|A woman might save him from a heart attack, but she'll kill him in every other way.
Edgar Rice Burroughs|I took her in my arms and kissed her.And thus in the midst of a city of wild conflict, filled with the alarms of war; with death and destruction reaping their terrible harvest around her, did Dejah Thoris, Princess of Helium, true daughter of Mars, the God of War, promise herself in marriage to John Carter, Gentleman of Virginia.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|!I0m not blaming you," he stated firmly. "I'm just trying to think. God, Kate, there are times when I think you hate me. When I think you would do anything to get rid of me. And then... there's last night. And all of the other times like it. I have never been more alive than when I'm with you.
Quetzal|My heart is broken; my spirit’s gone,I broke my lover’s heart, I made promises, I broke them all.The end was near, I’ve crossed to the other side,My heart is broken, my spirit’s gone,I made promises, I broke them all.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|We're a mess, Kate.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|I thought we were perfect for each other.""There's no such thing as perfect," Eli commiserated.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|If their horoscopes are not compatible, this marriage is out of the question.
Anthony Liccione|I can have patience for anything, but it's waiting for love, that kills me a little each day.
Sanhita Baruah|People are going to break promises, and they will have every right to till the point you realize that you don't change plans based on someone else's words.
Shannon L. Alder|God has a plan and guess what? The plan is to stop waiting for him to do everything for you. The person you want in your life is not a sign. Not a clue. Not a wish. Not a prayer. Not a tarot card or a matter of timing. It is work. It is devotion, and like any dream if you want it then God will open doors for you to obtain it. You just have to stop setting the bar so low that everything below is a sign from God and everything above is asking too much.
Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards|Unattended hurt, anger, and bitterness can destroy even the best marriage. Lean honestly into every hard place, each tender spot, because truthfulness hurts for a minute but silence is the kill shot.
Anonymous|I want a relationship where we talk like best friends, play like kids, argue like husband and wife, and protect each other like siblings.
Samuel  Taylor|Sabrina: “But you don’t believe in marriage.”Linus: “Yes, I do. It’s why I’ve never married.
Robin Hobb, The Mad Ship|Love isn't just about feeling sure of the other person, knowing what he would give up for you. It's knowing with certainty what you are willing to surrender for his sake. Make no mistake; each partner gives up something. Individual dreams are surrendered for a shared one. In some marriages, one partner gives up almost everything she once thought she wanted. But it's not always the woman who does so. Such sacrifice is not shameful. It's love. If you think the man is worth it, it works.
Kristen Ashley, Creed|I want you here. I want you in my home, my bed, my life,” he murmured, the smooth out of his voice, it was low and so rough with sex and emotion, it was abrasive, scoring through me.“Baby –”“I want your clothes in my closet. I wanna hear your voice in my house when you’re talkin’ on the phone. I want you sittin’ beside me when we’re watchin’ TV. I want shit you like in my fridge. I want “your razors in my shower. I want my roof over your head. Your car in my garage. I want to give you what I should have been giving you for sixteen years. As good as you deserve. A showplace. A place where I can make you happy.”God. He was killing me.“Creed, let me –”He didn’t let me finish. He pressed on, driving in, our bodies jolting with his thrusts, his voice harsh in my ear.“Give me that, Sylvie. Give me that and, swear to God, I’ll give you everything.”“I –”His head came up, his cock drove deep and stayed planted and his eyes burned into mine.“All I’ll ask. All I’ll ever ask. You give me that and you got a lifetime of nothin’ but take.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Methods of Lady Walderhurst|He sat down in his chair by the fire and began to chat, as was his habit before he and his wife parted to dress for dinner. When he was out during the day he often looked forward to these chats, and made notes of things he would like to tell his Mary. During her day, which was given to feminine duties and pleasures, she frequently did the same thing. Between seven and eight in the evening they had delightful conversational opportunities. He picked up her book and glanced it over, he asked her a few questions and answered a few...
Auliq Ice|To choose who to love, is a decision no one else can help you with -- you have to decide for yourself.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Methods of Lady Walderhurst|…Mrs. Warren allowed her book to fall closed upon her lap, and her attractive face awakened to an expression of agreeable expectation, in itself denoting the existence of interesting and desirable qualities in the husband at the moment inserting his latch-key in the front door preparatory to mounting the stairs and joining her. The man who, after twenty-five years of marriage, can call, by his return to her side, this expression to the countenance of an intelligent woman is, without question or argument, an individual whose life and occupations are as interesting as his character and points of view.
Auliq Ice|Not only does love bring joy and happiness, it also means very different things to people.
Marjane Satrapi, Embroideries|Would you like to become my wife?""Imbecile! What a question. It's my greatest dream!!!
Susan May Warren, The Wonder of You|I’ve married a man who is so afraid of living, he’d rather destroy the very thing that makes him feel alive.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|My darling, pray daily for me, this is my special request.
Auliq Ice|Falling in love might be the hardest one, as it encompasses a lot.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|My lover, best friend and husband, Sweetheart, every time you think of me, say a prayer for me!
Elizabeth Alexander, The Light of the World|I have not yet learned to use our television DVR. One of the points of marriage is that you split labor. In the olden days that meant one hunted and one gathered; now it means one knows where the tea-towels are kept and the other knows how to program the DVR, for why should we both have to know?
Douglas Adams|Well, no, not married as such, but yes, there is a specific girl that I'm not married to.
Francis Chan, You and Me Forever: Marriage in Light of Eternity|Arguments escalate when we want to be right more than we want to be CHRIST. It's easy to get blinded in the heat of disagreement. Soon, all we want is to win. Even if victory requires sin. The one who wins the argument is usually the one who acts LESS like Christ.
J. Thomas Steele, Questions for Couples:  What to Ask BEFORE You Say "I Do"|You’re each others ‘The One', just make sure you are each other’s RIGHT one.
Elaina Marie, Happiness is Overrated - Live the Inspired Life Instead|Marriages don’t end simply because a lack of trust exists. Marriages more specifically end because foundational agreements were broken, disrespectful behavior occurred, healthy and honest communication is lacking, or not “being seen or accepted” has ensued for too long.
Matthew De Abaitua, If Then|Losing him would, she realised, be unlike anything she had ever experienced before. A marriage is a conspiracy, a shared aspect toward the rest of the society, a code devised over a long history of negotiation and habit. That code would vanish. Her thoughts would be unobserved, her memories would be hers alone, without the heft that comes from sharing them with another. She would become insubstantial to herself.
Laurie R. King, Locked Rooms|Pray tell,” she said, although her voice told him not to.He ignored her tone, let out a thoughtful cloud of smoke, and said, ...
Francis Chan|More than any other attribute of Jesus, his humility is the key to a healthy marriage. If two people make it their goal to imitate the humility of Christ, everything else will take care of itself.
Gary Thomas, A Lifelong Love: Devotional|What is more likely to lead to true marital satisfaction-getting a fallen spouse to change his or her ways, or changing your own focus so that you draw affirmation from a God who never disappoints, never turns you away?
Catherynne M. Valente, Speak Easy|I'm gonna be good at something other than marrying, darlings. Besides, I don't want them. I don't even wanna screw them, how am I gonna marry them?
Auliq Ice|You should smile, look her in the eyes, and give her a small complement when you ask her out.
Auliq Ice|Though you should still let her do what she wants, don't let her take total control of you or you won't be making the most of your experience.
Jack Dancer, Detour Allure|If you're single and not committed, then go for it. The world's your oyster. But, if you're happily married and want to remain happily married, then the only oyster should be the one sliding down your throat from your spouse.
J. Thomas Steele, Questions for Couples:  What to Ask BEFORE You Say "I Do"|One last “happy” thought: Your marriage will end either in death or divorce. (Think about it!) So well before the “I do’s” (and the eventual tears), why not give both of yourselves a chance for a marriage that can be the best it can be?
Gary Thomas, A Lifelong Love: Devotional|If we accept that the love of praise is a sin, that the lust to be known and appreciated by others is not just a fool's errand...but perhaps evidence of a heart focused on the wrong things, our marriages will be transformed.
Diana Palmer, The Last Mercenary|The inscription in your wedding band says 'forever,' Callie. And it means forever. I'll love you until I close my eyes for the last time. And even afterward, I'll love you.
Roger Ebert|Never marry someone who doesn’t love the movies you love. Sooner or later, that person will not love you.
Mary Balogh, The Proposal|You are not by any manner of means the sort of woman I am in search of as a wife, and I am in a totally different universe from the husband you hope to find. But I feel a powerful urge to kiss you, for all that.
Rae Carson, The Bitter Kingdom|Well, we'll have no more of such foolishness," I say harshly, to cover the wavering in my voice. "We're getting married, and that's that.
Cassie Mae, Doing It for Love|I like this marriage thing, because it's the best of all of us. We get to be the whole meal. The appetizer, the entree, the luxurious dessert... And yes, the peas and the carrots.
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|Man treats woman as his own property and not as being capable of feelings, like himself. The way man treats women is much worse than the way landlords treat servants and the high-caste treat the low-caste. These treat them so demeaningly only in situations mutually affecting them; but men treat cruelly and as slaves, from their birth till death.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary|the nation's young men havebeen proved by surveys to be completely unmarriageable, and as a result there's a wholegeneration of single girls like me with their own incomes and homes who have lots of fun anddon't need to wash anyone else's socks.
Cassie Mae, Doing It for Love|We're going to be married and hardly touch each other and have to work and work and never have any fun and we're just going to be okay with it because that's how life is and that's how relationships go, but I don't want that. I want our marriage to be... fun. I love joking around while we fool around. I want to hold hands everywhere we go. I want to make out in the back of a movie theater, steal kisses in coffee shops, have sex over every inch of our apartment or house or wherever we live. And I'm scared marriage will change the fun part of our relationship. The part that keeps us young, keeps us in love, and I'm terrified you'll wake up when you're fifty and realize you're stuck with the decision you made when you were twenty-seven, and we haven't touched in months, we don't go out. I just want to know when that happens... that you'll still... you'll still love me.
Diana Palmer, The Last Mercenary|More often than not, a woman marries for money and a man marries for sex. What difference does a sheet of paper with signatures make?""If you have to ask, you wouldn't understand the answer," she said simply.
Katherine Valdez, Baby Shoes: 100 Stories by 100 Authors|When life expectancy hit 95 years of age, married people around the world shouted, "Enough!" And just like that, the institution of marriage was reinvented.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In love, we are made perfect.
Susan Block, The Bonobo Way|Like my prehistoric hunter-gatherer ancestors, I hit the road fairly often in my footloose youth. From Yale’s Dramat to Afghanistan’s Bamiyan Buddhas, from the tantric ashrams of Kathmandu to the libertine scenes of the Côte D’Azur and deep down into the dungeons of New York’s aptly named meat-packing district, I searched and researched sex, love and the politics of pleasure (mostly among humans)...All of that searching and researching climaxed when I met my favorite research subject, who turned into my primary research partner and “prime mate,” my charming Prince Max. Unlike so many sex researchers who fall in and out of love (with their research as well as each other), we’re still researching, still married and, almost three decades later, more in love than ever thanks to a little bit of luck and the Bonobo Way.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love always trust, always hopes, and always protects.
Louisa Hall, Speak|OK," she said. "Let's try. But remember one thing. You're going to lose interest. At some point, it will happen. You don't think so now, but you'll get distracted. You have to stay with me. If we have a family together, you have to be here to help.
Bill Maher|First of all understand that I get it. That there are millions and millions of women who are steely eyed realists. And millions and millions of men who are anything but. However. For lack of a better term I would say that the feminine values are the values of america :Sensitivity is more important than Truth. Feelings are more important than Facts. Commitment is more important than Individuality. Children are more important than People. Safety is more important than Fun.I always hear women say 'Y'know married men live longer'. Yes. And an indoor cat also, lives longer.
Cheryl Koevoet, The Carnelian Legacy|Are you kidding me? How can you even ask me that? I'm stuck in a world I have no hope of surviving, I'm forced to depend on a guy who thinks I can't be trusted, I'm being pushed into marrying a man who believes I can't talk, and I've lost everyone I've ever cared about! Why wouldn't I feel uneasy?
Bill Maher|First of all understand that I get it. That there are millions and millions of women who are steely eyed realists. And millions and millions of men who are anything but. However. For lack of a better term I would say that the feminine values are the values of america :Sensitivity is more important than Truth. Feeling are more important than Facts. Commitment is more important than Individuality. Children are more important than People. Safety is more important than Fun.I always hear women say 'Y'know married men live longer'. Yes. And an indoor cat also, lives longer.
Robert Thier, Storm and Silence|Marriage is supposed to be a union between two equals who love and support each other, not a master-slave relationship in which the man commands a docile woman.
Shannon L. Alder|Too many people spend their life in fear of making a mistake. However, here is the truth: Fear is the mistake. If you block out all the doubts and listen only to what you feel in your heart, then follow that course, you waste less time in indecision and spend more time being authentic. Life is too short to settle for parttime happiness.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Loving isn't merging, surrendering, uniting with the other. Rather, it's a kind of solitude; of profound aloneness. It induces you to mature and become whole for the sake of your beloved ... to truly love another, you must first wholly love yourself. Love therefore exacts the most demanding claim of all; it both chooses you and pursues you, and reaches out, as if over vast distances, to call and draw you into your now and future self."-- John VanDyke Wilmerding, ideas put forth inspired by ('after') Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Letters to a Young Poet
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|Sometimes even a "Yes" can be fatal for our Souls
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Some people are married to ideas that they do not love, ideas that do not love them in return. They are married to ideas they do not sleep with, ideas that rob them of their sleep.
Richelle E. Goodrich|People search the world over looking for someone to love them, when they should be searching for someone to love.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you are in love, you always want to be with your lover.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you never love, then you never lived.
marriage.com|Being married means giving it your all to your spouse daily. Even when you don’t feel like it and even when it hurts. It means looking beyond yourself, and giving to them because they are a part of you.
Ron Brackin|If sex is a skill, with its attendant expectations, frustrations, and failures, you are graded on performance; if it is an expression of love and commitment, you are not graded at all.
Leslie Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|Leslie, don’t you believe that I know who you will marry, and that I’m capable of leading you to that right man someday?
Howard Mittelmark, How Not to Write a Novel: 200 Classic Mistakes and How to Avoid Them—A Misstep-by-Misstep Guide|In real life, couples bond and war over a million different things. The causes of divorce are like beautiful, unique snowflakes.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|My love, you are always on my mind and heart.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, The Gentlemen's Club|An ‘usband should be plain enough to sit at his settle, and simple-minded enough to accept the stew on his plate, rather than looking round ev’ry corner for a more succulent chop,’ declares Elsie.
Laura Schlessinger|If you take on the martyr/entitlement role, two things are definitely going to happen: you’ll be a lot less happier with your life, and you will have a husband not exactly wanting to come home to you.
Leslie Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|She [the wife of godly character] brings him [her husband] good, not harm, all the days of her life (Proverbs 31:12). Wait a minute! My mind raced. All the days of her life? What was that supposed to mean? I had yet to meet any woman who had been married all the days of her life. Did this verse mean that she tried to do her husband good…even before she met him?
Shannon L. Alder|There are 613,806,639 men in the world. Statistically, God has got you covered! So, never worry about one person not caring about you. Someone up to the challenge will always take his place.
Richelle Mead, Soundless|Throughout our youth, whenever we had a dispute, Li Wei and I would apologize to each other by exchanging gifts. Mine would be in the form of drawings, crudely done with whatever natural supplies I could find. His would always be carvings. There was only one time the exchange didn't happen, the day I told him I was accepting the apprentice position and would never be able to marry him.
Willowy Whisper|Don't make a wish you aren't willing to come true. Don't dream a dream you aren't willing to pursue. Don't love a man you can't say, "I do".
Barbara Lieberman, The Treasure of Ravenwood|If you only think of yourself, there's no room for another in marriage.
Steven Brust, Freedom and Necessity|You’ll be angry, but I’m going to ask anyway. Will you marry me?' The unsupported voice, the one that happened when he couldn’t breathe, but had to speak.I nudged his hands apart to see his face, and found it faintly overcast by tension. 'No,' I said gently,He blinked again and asked, his voice unaltered, 'May I ask you once a year, every seventh of December, in case the answer changes?''Yes. I don’t think it will.''Oh. I only ask because I hate the thought of not having breakfast with you for the rest of my life.''My dear,' I said. 'Jamie. That’s a different question.''Oh. Will you have breakfast with me for the rest of my life?''Probably.
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|Its all about perception in life, For some One minus One = One & for some its Zero.That's the only difference.
Anthony Liccione|Sometimes it's better for a struggling writer to stay single, than to keep hearing, "Oh, your a writer, and you need to spend time in writing? Then go marry your writing!
Colleen McCullough, The Touch|He hadn't wooed her, but had simply claimed her. A gold mine ready to dig. There should have been a period of quiet dinners together, of flowers rather than diamonds, of kisses given after permission to kiss, of a slow awakening that predisposed her to greater intimacies. But no, not the great Alexander Kinross! He had met her, he had married her the next day, and climbed into her bed after one kiss in the church. There to prove himself an animal in her eyes. One mistake after another, that was the story of his relationship with Elizabeth. And Ruby had always meant more.
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|you saywe were nevermeant for this vowed life,golden bands of only us, and deathdo us part. you say love like it's held in quotation marks,that this union soured before it started.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|When I tell you not to marry without love, I do not advise you to marry for love alone: there are many, many other things to be considered. Keep both heart and hand in your own possession, till you see good reason to part with them . . . .
Amanda Quick, Rendezvous|I must say, Graystone, you are surviving married life very nicely." Peter helped himself to claret from the decanter that had been set out in the library."Thank you, Sheldrake. I flatter myself that not every man could survive being married to Augusta.
Judith Claire Mitchell|Why doesn't anyone tell you we all wind up married to Henry the VIII?......My dear Anne Boleyn,...the only way a woman can avoid waking up next to Henry is to model herself after his daughter Elizabeth and sleep next to no one at all.
Colleen McCullough, The Touch|Do you realize that you've been married to me for just about half of your entire life?"Her head came down, her eyes opened wide to stare at him. "Is that all?" she asked. "It seems an eternity"."Did I say a quiet lion?" Alexander pulled a face. "An eternity with me has turned you into a bitch, my dear".
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|World full of love, will spark the force of divine powers.
Bryce Laliberte|Older women are of less sexual and reproductive, and thus by extension, matrimonial value. This is just biology meets the Catholic sacrament of matrimony, of which its virtues are 1) pleasing your spouse and 2) making children. Older women, being less fertile and less able to please their spouse, thus make for less virtuous marriages.If the excellence of marriage is grounded in the unitative and procreative telos of sexuality, a woman's youth and fertility are virtuous traits and a virtuous man would rightly prize those traits in a prospective wife.Let us perform an empirical investigation. If we compare societies where the norm of marriage is at a younger age (for the girl) rather than an older age, which marriages are more fruitful? That is, which marriages produce more children and are less likely to end in divorce? I'm sure we are equally acquainted with the results of our modern Western norms, are you acquainted with the results of non-modern Western norms?Excusing, rather than excoriating, modern Western norms is mere sophistry, sophistry which our host has held forth as an ostensibly authentic Catholic view. However, it simply isn't; it is a modern view dressed up in Catholic-sounding phrases.
Colleen McCullough, The Touch|We are not here together just to make children, Elizabeth. What we're going to do is sanctified by marriage. It's an act of love - of love. Not merely of the flesh, but of the mind and even the soul. There's nothing about it you shouldn't welcome.
Colleen McCullough, The Touch|Dr. Murray made it clear to me before I left that a woman who enhoys the Act is as loose as a harlot. God gives pleasure in it only to husbands. Women are the source of evil and temptation, therefore women are to blame when men fall into fleshly error. It was Eve who seduced Adam, Eve who entered into league with the serpent, who was the Devil in disguise. So the only pleasure women are allowed is in their children.
Colleen McCullough|I have discovered," he said to Charles Dewy, "that when a man marries, peace of mind and freedom go out of the window.""Well, old boy," said Charles comfortably, "that's the price we have to pay for having company in our old age and for ensuring that we have heirs to follow us.
Sandra Gould, Always Say Maybe: A Modern Girl's Guide To Almost Everything, But Mostly Men|Do you ever get a panicky feeling that nobody cares if you live or die? (A husband will often care decisively, one way or another.)
Heather Day Gilbert, Trial by Twelve|My dear husband Thomas has informed me that I can't walk without natural hip action. The more I slow to adjust my walk, the more my hips determine to swing of their own accord.
Liz Fenton, The Status of All Things|A very wise person once told me marriage is hard, that you have to keep fighting for it everyday.
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|How long you will live in your dreams? The time is now, it's better to go and follow them..
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|We all have this perfect little image of who we want to be, but it is unnecessary. Throw the image away. You're already you just be the best version of yourself.
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|No matter how much struggle you face in your journey towards success, someday you will look back and realize your struggles changed your life for the better.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|The quickest way to stop noticing something, may be to buy it—just as the quickest way to stop appreciating someone may be to marry him or her.
|You cannot carry your whole marriage on your back and call it, compromising. It takes two willing hearts to effectively compromise.
Natalya Vorobyova|For me to forgive my ex, he would have to sign a marriage contract with his tears and seal it with his blood.
William Faulkner, Go Down, Moses|But this time as soon as he moved she began to fade. He stopped at once, not breathing again, motionless, willing his eyes to see that she had stopped too. But she had not stopped. She was fading, going. "Wait," he said, talking as sweet as he had ever heard his voice speak to a woman: "Den lemme go wid you, honey." But she was going.
Matt Walsh|If you won 600 million dollars in the lottery, would you go out the next day and break into cars to steal the change from the cup holders? That’s what sleeping around is like when you’ve already found a woman who will pledge her life and her entire being to you for the remainder of her existence.You tell me that you are in an “open marriage.” I will probably be lambasted for “judging” you for it, but, sorry Professor, an “open marriage” makes about as much sense as a plane without wings or a boat that doesn’t float. Marriages, by definition, are supposed to be closed. Actually, I’m getting rather tired of people like you trying to hijack the institution, strip it of its beauty and purpose, and convert it into some shallow little thing that suits your vices.
Harper Lee|Honey, the sun rises and sets with that Bill of hers. Everything he says is Gospel. She loves her man.""Is that what loving your man is?""Has a lot to do with it."Jean Louise said, "You mean losing your own identity, don't you?""In a way, yes," said Henry. "Then I doubt if I shall ever marry.
Holly Madison, Down the Rabbit Hole: Curious Adventures and Cautionary Tales of a Former Playboy Bunny|Marriage and family are certainly beautiful parts of life, but I believe those things can truly be appreciated only when we find, love, and respect ourselves first.
Sadashivan Nair, Negative-Positive and We|The temptation, lust, addiction, avarice, mistrust, and Infidelity are evil’s main strategic tools to shatter many homes. The love and family founded on fine sheer system where only two souls can fit. Trust is strength of the system nothing can replace. Third soul is only to shake foundation. Building trust is only the foundation of any family.
Madeleine L'Engle|--So we reached our decisions simultaneously, and apart, and if I knew that Court was fighting a battle, did he, too, sense mine? Did it have anything to do with his coming back to life again? For he is here, I am no longer living with a marble image. And I will never know why. Court being Court I can never ask him why; we wrestled with our problems alone and we must live alone with the answers. And is it part of a marriage, part of being a human being, that we must always reach our decisions alone?
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Then, when I've got a degree in maths, or physics, or maths and physics, I will be able to get a job and earn lots of money and I will be able to pay someone who can look after me and cook my meals and wash my clothes, or I will get a lady to marry me and be my wife and she can look after me so I can have company and not be on my own.
Todd Stocker|Before marriage, you lose your virginity. After marriage, you get to give it away. Which would you rather experience?
Shannon Bradley-Colleary, Married Sex: Fact and Fiction|She stood with flaccid breasts, somehow still full of herself.
Carolyn V. Hamilton|I married my first husband for love, my second husband for adventure, and my third husband for laffs.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|New dreams are like new wines; they grow sweeter over time. With patience, you will be able to climb your spiritual, financial, academic, marital and social ladders in Jesus' name!
Karen Swallow Prior, Fierce Convictions: The Extraordinary Life of Hannah More—Poet, Reformer, Abolitionist|…evangelicals were instrumental in advancing the ideal of companionate marriage, one built on shared faith and mutual affection, a revolutionary notion in an era in which forced marriages were a not-so-distant memory.
C. JoyBell C.|Gay people getting married is not a threat to the institution of marriage. You know what's a threat to the institution of marriage? Infidelity is! Hate is! Unforgiveness is! Apathy is! Coldheartedness is! Fear is! And you know what's a threat to the kids? It’s not having gay parents! Most gay kids have straight parents! And plenty of gay parents raise respectable, straight kids! The threat to children isn't their parents being gay; the threat to children is their parents not loving one another! Not caring for one another! Not being crazy about each other! Domestic violence is a threat to children. Stupidity is a threat to children. A swimming pool in the backyard with no supervision is a threat to children!
Serena Jade, Charismatic Connection: The Authentic Soul Mate Experience|Eternity Shines through Time in the Presence of True Soul Mates!"-Author Serena Jade
Laura Kasischke, White Bird in a Blizzard|But, perhaps, I should have known then, I should have known that night, standing in the kitchen, that foul meat in the air- looking back on it now, I see that it was the end and the beginning of something more than dinner. More than ruined appetite, a postponed meal, a marriage strained, a freezer unplugged. I could smell the death between them.
H.W. Brands, Reagan: The Life|Reagan to son: how really great is the challenge of proving your masculinity and charm with one woman for the rest of your life. Any man can find a twerp here and there who will go along with cheating, and it doesn’t take all that much manhood. It does take quite a man to remain attractive and to be loved by a woman who has heard him snore, seen him unshaven, tended him while he was sick and washed his dirty underwear. Do that and keep her still feeling a warm glow and you will know some very beautiful music.
Kate Mulgrew|It takes a very long time to sever a marriage in which children are involved. There is a table, two chairs, and a small pile of bargaining chips. This is how it begins, but it ends with one chair in an empty room. The days darken. The children are slices open and split down the middle. Someone takes an arm; someone takes a foot. The car pulling into the driveway on a Friday afternoon becomes a hearse, and everything is couched in lies. The house of old assumes a silence.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|When two people can't live up to each other's expectations, they'll look for their fantasized satisfaction in the next relationship, the next experience, the next excitement.
Zofie Kae, Finding Love & Commitment in the Culture of Self-Gratification|Contrary to what we read in romance novels or see in Disney movies, the purpose of marriage is not to "complete you" or to "find your other half." If your goal in seeking marriage is to fill a void in yourself, you are only setting yourself up for disappointment.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|I don't know how many years it's been since I last slept with my husband. I was faithful, stupid and so awfully lonely that I'll gobble you up if you're nice to me. Or kill you because I can't bear it.
Mary Street, The Confession of Fitzwilliam Darcy|I smiled, knowing that Elizabeth, even in the worst of her humours, was far better suited to my own disposition. She would scold me, quarrel with me, torment me, tease me and laugh at me as often as may be.I was the happiest man in the world.
Mary Street, The Confession of Fitzwilliam Darcy|When I left, Lydia was prattling about new clothes for her wedding and expressing her ownsatisfaction that she, the youngest of the Bennet sisters, would be the first of them to be married.Wickham smiled indulgently and said pretty things to her. I, disgusted with them both, was persuaded they deserved each other.
Jonathan  Mills, Love, Covenant & Meaning|Shouldn't we at least be asking whether the transcending of venereal desire that marriage requires of a mostly or entirely 'heterosexual' man who marries for the sake of love, friendship, and raising a family isn't more or less the same as the transcendence required of a man whose venereal desire is 'oriented' mostly or entirely toward men but who restrains these drives, and who marries for the sake of love, friendship and raising a family? Of course, men with little venereal desire for women can't proceed towards marriage driven by such desire. For them, marriage must develop from friendship. But wouldn't it be better if all marriages developed from friendship?
Jonathan  Mills, Love, Covenant & Meaning|So it is in our HEART, not in our sexualness, that we human beings think and decide how to live - even if the decision is to indulge in venery of whatever sort. A man sees the complementarity of woman and man not through the eyes of lust but in his heart. Jacob's lust for Rachel distracted him from perceiving the virtue of Leah, a virtue to complement or complete his. It's in his heart, not through the lust of his eyes, that a man sees or learns to see the complementation of woman and man. If a man is 'homosexual' or has little lust toward attractive women, this is no obstacle to his perceiving woman as his complement or helper.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Taking the Right Decision in any situation only requires TWO major ingredients:Critical Thinking and Grace.Critical Thinking is like 'Works' and Grace is like 'Faith'. So if "Faith without Works is dead," then same, I believe, goes for Works without Faith.Like the two sides of a coin, one without the other just won't make any sense. And if the coin ever has a third side, it will never be 'Emotions' or 'Sentiments' because they both have zero IQ.
Jonathan  Mills, Love, Covenant & Meaning|So when a 'heterosexual' man learns to appreciate the noble woman of Proverbs 31, regardless of her looks, he is transcending his sexuality, not EXPRESSING it. Jacob labored fourteen years for Rachel 'beautiful in form and beautiful of face.' But Leah of the 'tender eyes' (Gen. 29:17) proved a much better and nobler wife. Perhaps a 'homosexual' man - a man whose venereal desires are focused more on men than on women - would not have been distracted by Rachel's looks and could have seen Leah's goodness and nobility from the beginning, as Jacob did not (29:30f). Biblically, the dwindling of such desire is not grounds for divorce (Mal. 2:14-16).
Laura Kasischke, White Bird in a Blizzard|Still, for sixteen years I saw the way he passed the butter dish across the dining room table to her, as if he wished it could be more, as if he wished she could life the lid and precious gems would spill over her dinner, as if that might finally make her happy- an inedible, improvident gift, like easy, unexpected laughter.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|When you choose to love someone who is no longer attractive to you, he or she will become attractive.
Stephen Richards|Minds are like flowers, they only open when the time is right.
Pandora Poikilos, Excuse Me, My Brains Have Stepped Out|We are so accustomed to the comforts of "I cannot", "I do not want to" and "it is too difficult" that we forget to realize when we stop doing things for ourselves and expect others to dance around us, we are not achieving greatness. We have made ourselves weak.
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|Once you start laughing, you start healing.
Jena Morrow, Hollow: An Unpolished Tale|I am forever engaged in a silent battle in my head over whether or not to lift the fork to my mouth, and when I talk myself into doing so, I taste only shame. I have an eating disorder.
Stephen Richards|You willed yourself to where you are today, so will yourself out of it.
Manuel J. Smith, When I Say No, I Feel Guilty: How to Cope - Using the Skills of Systematic Assertive Therapy|A BILL OF ASSERTIVE RIGHTSI: You have the right to judge your own behavior, thoughts, and emotions, and to take the responsibility for their initiation and consequences upon yourself.II: You have the right to offer no reasons or excuses for justifying your behavior.III: You have the right to judge if you are responsible for finding solutions to other people’s problems.IV: You have the right to change your mind.V: You have the right to make mistakes—and be responsible for them.VI: You have the right to say, “I don’t know.”VII: You have the right to be independent of the goodwill of others before coping with them.VIII: You have the right to be illogical in making decisions. IX: You have the right to say, “I don’t understand.”X: You have the right to say, “I don’t care.”YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO SAY NO, WITHOUT FEELING GUILTY
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|A fine glass vase goes from treasure to trash, the moment it is broken. Fortunately, something else happens to you and me. Pick up your pieces. Then, help me gather mine.
Santosh Kalwar|Sometimes, I cannot control myself. Please do not blame me, its not me. Maybe it is someone who knows better about me.
Dorothy Koomson|Crying was an acceptable outlet, even if it made you feel raw and empty inside, it was still better than that build up of resentment that grew from not letting your emotions out.- My Bestfriend's Girl -
Stephen Richards|When you express gratitude for the blessings that come into your life, it not only encourages the universe to send you more, it also sees to it that those blessings remain.
Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing|If you're trapped in a room, and nobody is coming to save you, what can you do? You have to bang on the walls and break the windows. You have to climb out and save yourself. It's obvious, Li-ling, that crying doesn't help a person live.
Dorothy Rowe|However, when we are depressed, being reminded of other people's suffering only serves to increase our self-hatred.
Stephen Richards|No matter whether you believe in luck or chance, the final decision is from yourself.
Sharon Salzberg|The mind thinks thoughts that we don't plan. It's not as if we say, 'At 9:10 I'm going to be filled with self-hatred.
Jillian Michaels|Part of abandoning the all-or-nothing mentality is allowing yourself room for setbacks. We are bound to have lapses on the road to health and wellness, but it is critical that we learn how to handle small failures positively so that we can minimize their long-term destructive effects. One setback is one setback—it is not the end of the world, nor is it the end of your journey toward a better you.
Golda Poretsky|You are not broken. You are not a problem to be solved. Solving your “problem”, whatever you perceive your problem or problems to be, is not the key to happiness.
Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me|It's not a problem. There are people out there with much worse problems than mine."-Cynthia"Doesn't make yours any more fun to bear."-Liza"No. But it does help with the self-pity."- Cynthia
Russell Simmons, Super Rich: A Guide to Having It All|No matter where you're from or what you've done, you're never stuck in a particular circumstance, relationship, or cycle unless you say you are.
Stephen Richards|Stand out from the crowd, be yourself.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|I have my own theory: ignorance is bliss. The less you know, the more confident you can be in tackling things.
Stephen Richards|Poverty: a temporary financial low, curable by money.
Stephen Richards|Hard work is what you do to make ends meet, easy work is getting others to do the hard work for you.
Stephen Richards|Thrill me, chill me I went in search of money and success, all I got was a bellyful of excess! Now that I've realigned myself I’m on my tip-toes because life is sweet! I'm overwhelmed with gratitude for all the blessings that are manifesting in my life … neat!
Golda Poretsky|The moon changes each night but she does so in an understandable rhythm. And just as the tides ebb and flow and the moon waxes and wanes, our bodies’ hormones ebb and flow and our energies wax and wane. Our bodies are more like the rivers than like the rocks, more like the oceans than like machines. The more we can respect the cycles and changes and needs of our bodies, the more we can move with the flow of our lives.In other words, swear by the moon. Or, trust your body.
Stephen Richards|Understand that for better or worse, you create your own life.
Stephen Richards|Even though your thinking might not be right for others, just so long as it's right for you then that's all what matters.
Stephen Richards|To get something different, you must do something different.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|The problem with battling yourself is that even if you win, you lose.
Trisha Ventker, Internet Dates from Hell|A lot of men tend to want "models"I tell men, unless they look like a model themselves, they can't expect to land one.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Using your mind is a faster method to getting what you want. I mean, all you have to do is sit there. What could be easier?
S.A.R.K., Transformation Soup: Healing for the Splendidly Imperfect|There ARE people who won't customarily eat an entire row of cookies, or hear food calling their name from other rooms, or who don't grind up food in the garbage disposal for fear of eating it, or get it back out of the garbage so they could eat it. Of course, my binge eating was just a cover-up for the larger issue: Trying to fill the emptiness
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|Intuition is a sense of knowing how to act spontaneously, without needing to know why.
Stephen Richards|Just let go of the need to care about whether it happens or not, then you are free from fear and can then concentrate on focusing.
Daniel G. Amen, Change Your Brain, Change Your Body: Use Your Brain to Get and Keep the Body You Have Always Wanted|Your brain is involved in everything you do.Your brain controls everything you do, feel, and think. When you look in themirror, you can thank your brain for what you see. Ultimately, it is your brain thatdetermines whether your belly bulges over your belt buckle or your waistline is trim andtoned. Your brain plays the central role in whether your skin looks fresh and dewy or isetched with wrinkles. Whether you wake up feeling energetic or groggy depends on yourbrain. When you head to the kitchen to make breakfast, it is your brain that determineswhether you go for the leftover pizza or the low-fat yogurt and fruit. Your brain controlswhether you hit the gym or sit at the computer to check your Facebook page. If you feelthe need to light up a cigarette or drink a couple cups of java, that's also your brain'sdoing.ACTION STEP Remember that your brain is involved in everything you do, everydecision you make, every bite of food you take, every cigarette you smoke, everyworrisome thought you have, every workout you skip, every alcoholic beverage youdrink, and more.
Stephen Richards|There is no new knowledge, it already exists in the universe.
Julia Cameron, The Writing Diet: Write Yourself Right-Size|I ask to be made beautiful like the trees are beautiful, each growing according to a unique plan. Lop off a limb and and the tree will accommodate it's loss, still growing and still beautiful. It is my hope to be able to flourish in a similar fashion, taking on the shape and dimensions that is intended for me.
Sharon E. Rainey, Making a Pearl from the Grit of Life|I’m not ‘different’ from anyone else. Crises and tough emotional periods are the grit around which my inner self has been formed. Some, I have come through with more grace than others.
Joyce Vissell|An unresolved issue will be like a cancer with the potential to spread into other areas of your relationship, eroding the joy, lightness, love and beauty.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Time and space have no meaning, just as your conscious thoughts are meaningless.
Mohammed Ali Bapir|Without emotional response, love is an act of self-deceiving self-satisfaction by an unsatisfied self.
Stephen Richards|Whatever it takes to find the real you, don't be daunted if the rest of the world looks on in shock.
Stephen Richards|When you fight yourself to discover the real you, there is only one winner.
Kellie Elmore|I don't want someone to believe my lies, I need someone to accept my truths.
Stephen Richards|When you stop blaming others for where you are in life, that is when you can start to manifest your dream life!
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Your own dreams stand alone, longing to be fulfilled, and you wonder if it will ever happen. You must have faith. Just as the bus was a little late, so too can fulfilment of your desires come a bit late.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Our souls sparkle brightly with creative energy, our beings are as complex as the universe, and at the same time we help make up a higher body of energy.
Stephen Richards|When others walk away from a lost cause, then that is the time you can step in and seize success.
Stephen Richards|If we let the drama of others’ lives become our own, then we are no longer ourselves.
Stephen Richards|The first rule about the low hanging fruit principle is to always watch out for low hanging branches, they’re the ones to take it away from you.
Nikki Rowe|Healing your wounds will hurt, so cry. Cry your pretty little heart out until you have nothing left to shed, that's how beauty is grown; through the darkest of our days we become the light.
Melody Beattie, Codependent No More: How to Stop Controlling Others and Start Caring for Yourself|Once they have been affected---once "it" sets in---codependency takes on a life of its own. It is similar to catching pneumonia or picking up a destructive habit. Once you've got it, you've got it.If you want to get rid of it, YOU have to do something to make it go away. It doesn't matter whose fault it is. Your codependency becomes your problem; solving your problems is your responsibility.
Stephen Richards, Releasing You From The Past: Healing Past Hurt Through Forgiveness|When you initially forgive, it is like letting go of a hot iron. There is initial pain and the scars will show, but you can start living again.
Stephen Richards|You cannot give out one frequency, that of disrespect, and expect respect to flow toward you. Neither can you hold on to your biases, prejudices, and negative thinking toward something, and expect that something positive will return to you.
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|Intuition means exactly what it sounds like, in-tuition! An inner tutor or teaching and learning mechanism that takes us forward daily. It is a resource that, where recognized, has infinite potential.
Stephen Richards|Regardless of how far we have come, we are still looking for answers.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|There is nothing to prove to anyone, just concentrate on your own needs.
Stephen Richards, The Ultimate Focus Builder|Focusing is the great secret of power. If you want to use your full amount of focus, you must close down all other thought and direct your power of generating mental steam toward one outcome.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|To heal physically, one must heal the emotional aspect of the issue first or it will resurface in another way.
Gay Hendricks, Five Wishes: How Answering One Simple Question Can Make Your Dreams Come True|Wherever your path takes you, may all your deathbed wishes come true, and may you celebrate each and every one of them many long years before your final breath.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Your dreams will come true, but do not be overly demanding. Be logical – there are not enough mansions for everyone in the world, are there?
Michelle Passoff|To have more peace, as well as more time, start by letting go of the notion that time can be manipulated. Then, let go of the idea that it confines you. Instead, set out to use the time that is there for its true and best purpose – as the space within which you can live your life to the fullest.
Stephen Richards|We tend to think of future inventions and discoveries, but in reality, these things already exist in the knowledge bank of the universe.
Nathaniel J. Williams|When I examined my own life, I realized that I had been standing at the foot of my mother's casket for 35 years, grieving her loss in so many ways in my daily life. I needed to reframe this challenging life event," admits Dr. Williams. "I reframed it to view my life as a train ride upon which my mother is with me. I hope I am taking her to places that surprise her and places she envisioned her children would go. Today she lives with me in a positive way.
Stephen Richards|Knowing that the brain is predisposed to religion and spirituality, then might it be that God is a creation of the brain?
Stephen Richards|You have two voices: the one you speak with and the one you think with. While the former is the one others hear, of greater importance is the one you hear.
Stephen Richards|Though it may be interesting to know how many hairs there are on the human head, or how the giant red spot on the surface of Jupiter was formed, the real truths we are interested in are those about ourselves.
Stephen Richards|If you have ever prayed for something and received what you wanted, you engaged in Cosmic Ordering.
Stephen Richards|To rise above the conflicting desires of others, there must be no conflict about your own.
Stephen Richards|We can only find those faults in others that already exist within us, and the same goes for those things we admire about them.
Stephen Richards|While it is easy to get caught up in the beliefs and attitudes of others, it is easier still to make one’s self a victim of circumstance. Victims of circumstance believe they have no power over their lives, since they are merely the play-things of fate. Since they believe this, it is therefore so.
Stephen Richards|The problem with most people who say they believe, however, is that said belief is only a thin layer of solid ice which rests over a vast ocean that is likewise deep with non-solid disbelief.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|I have never seen a newspaper headline where those in spirit, without physical bodies, carried out evil deeds like a mugger in a parking lot.
Donald Van de Mark|Good, capable individuals unconsciously and consciously guard and nurture themselves and their spirits every day in all sorts of choices, large and small. Just as their lives are never static, they are rarely if ever fractured. Their morals and ethics are never cut off from the whole of their evolving beings.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Since extra-sensory perception (ESP) is awareness of the world beyond the senses, it would be inappropriate to term this Sixth Sense ‘extrasensory’.
Manhardeep Singh Ahluwalia|To be successful, you need to do two things:1. Condition your hair,2. Do the same with your mind.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America|The question is why one should be so inwardly preoccupied at all. Why not reach out to others in love and solidarity or peer into the natural world for some glimmer of understanding? Why retreat into anxious introspection when, as Emerson might have said, there is a vast world outside to explore? Why spend so much time working on oneself when there is so much real work to be done?
Stephen Richards|When you reach out to those in need, do not be surprised if the essential meaning of something occurs.
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|Intuition is a sense of knowing how to act spontaneously, without needing to know why. The why question leads to indecision, anxiety, caution and self-limitation. There are all responses which originate in fear-based emotions.
Kentetsu Takamori|On the Brevity of Our TiesTies in this world last only for a time. We are husband and wife, parent and child, for a short period only. Once this reality sinks in, we cannot help treasuring each moment of our brief association.
Stephen Richards|Through the practice of meditation, of calming and focusing our mind, as well as developing greater clarity and a sense of awareness, we train ourselves to recognize the wealth that was already there - the very wealth others fail to recognize.
Stephen Richards|Only by maintaining positive thoughts, by dispelling doubt and negativity, will you impress your desires upon the universe, making it bend to your will.
Evan Edwards|You have what it takes! Believe! You are the one with the dream. You own it. And you will walk through the open doors. Nothing can stop you.. Risk, even if you make mistakes. So live with faith and abandon. Have some fun. You are being carried...
Subodh Gupta, 7 habits of skinny woman|If you keep on eating unhealthy food than no matter how many weight loss tips you follow, you are likely to retain weight and become obese. If only you start eating healthy food, you will be pleasantly surprised how easy it is to lose weight.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|Heavy laden -- that's what I am. Laden with pride, often thinking myself better than others while we have to think the other one better than ourselves. Laden with my own egotism. Laden with all my sins. And when I went to bed last night and thought about everything and wanted to bring all those difficulties to God, I couldn't even find the words!
Ross Douthat, Bad Religion: How We Became a Nation of Heretics|In this America, too, the Christian teaching that every human soul is unique and precious has been stressed, by the prophets of self-fulfillment and gurus of self-love, at the expense of the equally important teaching that every human soul is fatally corrupted by original sin. Absent the latter emphasis, religion becomes a license for egotism and selfishness, easily employed to justify what used to be considered deadly sins. The result is a society where pride becomes 'healthy self-esteem', vanity becomes 'self-improvement', adultery becomes 'following your heart', greed and gluttony become 'living the American dream'.
Brenda El-Leithy, The Magnet 28 Day Challenge|We are beings of energy, and as such we are all perfect magnets - – attracting according to our personal energy vibration.
Elaine Seiler|Sometimes the signs and signals of the non-language speaking world are not very clear. Then we have to walk in trust, move forward step by small step, until we are sure of the proper path.
Kentetsu Takamori, Something You Forgot...Along the Way: Stories of Wisdom and Learning|If you are fortunate enough to enjoy great success, you should never forget the spirit of the beginner, and not grow indolent and arrogant.
Rob Reiner|Ultimately all you can do is fix yourself. And that's a lot. Because if you can fix yourself, it has a ripple effect
Shmuley Boteach, 10 Conversations You Need to Have with Your Children|Our lives are nothing but a short span of time. And if we spend tons of time earning money that we simply throw away, then we're throwing away part of our potential.
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|Intuition is an essential part of the whole experience of living. Although it will not help predict the future or how people will behave, using intuition as a guide makes life more rewarding. It helps you follow what seems to be the right path, even when social convention or common sense appears to tell differently
Daniel G. Amen, Change Your Brain, Change Your Body: Use Your Brain to Get and Keep the Body You Have Always Wanted|Your brain is the organ of your personality, character, andintelligence and is heavily involved in making you who you are.
James P. Krehbiel|Many people feel like they were born into the wrong family. Nevertheless, adults must take responsiblity for the pain of the past and create a productive life in the present.
Irving Kirsch, The Emperor's New Drugs: Exploding the Antidepressant Myth|Many of the benefits of CBT (cognitive behavioral therapy) can be obtained without going into therapy. There are a number of self-help books, CDs and computer programs that have been used to treat depression and some of these have been tested in clinical trials with positive results. I can particularly recommend these two books. One is 'Control Your Depression', the lead author of which is Peter Lewinsohn, a Professor of Psychology at the University of Oregon. ... The other book that I can recommend with confidence is 'Feeling Good' by the psychiatrist David Burns. 'Control Your Depression' emphasizes behavioral techniques like increasing pleasant activities, improving social skills and learning to relax. 'Feeling Good' puts greater emphasis on changing the way people think about themselves. But both books include both cognitive and behavioral techniques.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Reject sin, seek righteousness.
Richie Norton|If you continue to treat yourself like a 3rd class citizen, you’ll stay a 3rd class citizen.You’re better than that.
Mango Wodzak, Destination Eden|Addiction brings apathy. Break the apathy, and you break the addiction.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you can desire it, you can behold it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we come near the light, all the darkness around us, shall disappears.
Yogi Bhajan|If your presence doesn't work, neither will your word.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the help of God, we shall triumph in any trouble.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What can sanctified the soul? The Word of God, the Holy Scripture, the Truth.
Rachel K Kidder, Healing Grace Scripture Journal: 30 Day Bible Study Journal for Emotional Healing|May you see the light through the darkness, wisdom through the pain and strength through the suffering.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Let your choice be: reject the wrong, but choose the right.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Your thinking, goals, positions, and detailed personality dimensions are forming by the influence of your environment.The brain reflects what he absorbed from the surrounding ambiance, exactly as the body reflects what he fed on.The independent will is the initiative to choose the life that suits us, not following the others of what they choose for us.
Salvatore G. Laterra|When learning for self-growth, a problem many people have is that they memorize what they learn, but do not always think, apply, adapt and repeat what they learn
Lailah Gifty Akita|How could we be miserable, when there is music?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whenever the opportunity exist, we must give our very best.
Alan  Garner, Conversationally Speaking: Tested New Ways to Increase Your Personal and Social Effectiveness|Everybody thinks some people are born with the "gift of gab" and some people aren't. But the truth is there is no "gift of gab." People who are good at conversation just know a few simple skills that anyone can learn.
Lyssa Danehy deHart, StoryJacking: Change Your Inner Dialogue, Transform Your Life|Where we can get shagged up is the stories we tell ourselves that we rarely share. The stories about how we can’t do something because we aren’t good enough, or smart enough, or capable enough. These stories cause us problems because we often keep them secret, hidden away in some dark closet in our mind, sometimes even from ourselves. And this, my friend, is a problem.
Tuesdays with Morrie|Everyone knows they're going to die, but nobody believes it. If we did, we would do things differently
Lailah Gifty Akita|There comes a sacred moment, when a man must cry out to his Saviour, this is time of surrender to the son of Man.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever study the Holy Scripture, shall find the sacredness of the Holy WORDS.
Paul Arden, It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be|It's not how good you are, it's how good you want to be.
Paul Arden, It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be|If you think you're unable to be on the cover of Time magazine, make your business to be there.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The only sacred home, you can live lies in your pure heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita|To be set free, turn away from your sins. And return to God of great mercy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fill your mind with the Holy Scripture, that speak life into your life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be yourself., you are truer than you think.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read the Gospel, we shall know the goodness of the Good News.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The acts of the flesh are obvious: sexual immorality, impurity, and debauchery. Galatians 5:19
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Self-healing requires tremendous action, a willingness to go beyond the normative to discover something transcending.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|And all are asleep,so all are foolish. Don't feel offended. Thefacts have to be stated as they are.You function in sleep; that's why you go on stumbling,you go on doing things you don't want to do, you go on doing things you have decided not to do. You go on doing things you know are not right to do, and you don't do things that you know are right. How is this possible? Why can't you walk straight? Why do you go on getting trapped into bypaths? Why do you go on going astray? This is what is happening. Watch your life--everything that you go on demanding is so confused and so confusiing. You are not alert. You can't see, you can't heart-- certainly you have ears so you can hear, but there is nobody inside to understand it. Certainly you have eyes so you can see,but there is nobody present inside. So your eyes go on seeing and your ears go on listening, but nothing is understood. And on each step you stumble, on each step you commit something wrong. And still you go on believing that you are aware.
Latika Teotia|Most of us have grown up in an environment where there were too many ‘No’s’ and limitations. We, therefore, get moulded to living within the confines of these self made boundaries where our world has been shrunk. Fulfilling our innermost desires makes us feel guilty and we are forever in this denial mode- perhaps a fallout of our childhood when lots of things were beyond our reach. It’s high time that we got rid of this habit and start living for our soul. Break free and follow your heart; live those dreams which you so desperately want to live. After all we have only one life and it’s our duty to do justice to ourselves too. Fulfilling desires and living the life we want is not a crime. So spread your wings and live for your own self. It’s your life and you deserve the best without any limits.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|The first step in awareness is to be watchful of your body. Slowly,slowly one becomes alert about each gesture,each movement. And as you become aware, a miracle starts happening: many things that you used to do before simply disappear. Your body becomes more relaxed,your body becomes more attuned, a deep peace starts prevailing even in your body, a subtle music pulsates in your body.
Rita Stradling, Hazel|Sometimes, the best deed you can do for another person is to not save them from their troubles.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Many a mess, but greater the grace of mercy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It is wise to know God forgives sins, if only turn to walk in the light.
M.Z.Riffi - The Queen of Granada|When you are apparently quite selflessly helping other people, you are actually trying to help yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are able to be good, be thankful to God.
Gail Blanke, Throw Out Fifty Things|Nothing really big, really bold, or really beautiful was ever created in a country, in a company, in a family, or in a life without a vision - a clear picture of what good would look like, of how, if anything were possible, it would be.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without private personal study of Holy Scriptures, how we know God?
Don Crosby, The Why You Do: Unlocking Our Behavior to Prevent Misunderstandings|Practice is a great contributor to success, but you have to be careful what you practice.
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|At least, when there’s fear, there’s some human part left in you. Once that’s gone, though, there is nothing.
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|I forced my eyes open and saw the image that’s haunted me every day for the past years of my life. And every day, in my nightmares.
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|There is no in between, we all have to touch our own bottom.
Sam Crescent, Plus-Sized Perfection|Dedication note: To everyone, you are beautiful, and don't let anyone ever tell you otherwise.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|It’s amazing what people create using their pain. Work that is touched by melancholy has its own unique beauty. Even the word ‘melancholy’ is pretty, the way it rolls on your tongue. I think sadness adds something to literature that is unique. It’s an ingredient like . . .” I thought for a moment. “Like salt. Salt has that power to completely transform a dish. I think sadness has that same transformative effect in literature.
Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life|And while there's nothing wrong with good business, the problem is that giving too many fucks is bad for your mental health. It causes you to become overly attached to the superficial and fake, to dedicate your life to chasing a mirage of happiness and satisfaction. The key to a good life is not giving a fuck about more; it's giving a fuck about less, giving a fuck about only what is true and immediate and important.
Marianne Williamson, Tears to Triumph: The Spiritual Journey from Suffering to Enlightenment|How odd that we spend so much time treating the darkness, and so little time seeking the light. The ego loves to glorify itself by self-analysis, yet we do not get rid of darkness by hitting it with a baseball bat. We only get rid of darkness by turning on the light.
LeTeisha Newton, Bear Naked|ALLY: Ladies, listen: do not settle in life. Find a way to love yourself; screw anyone else who tells you otherwise. Life is too short to simply sit back and take what’s given to you.
Osho, The Book of Secrets|Remember, it is ultimately your mind which makes anything attractive or unattractive. It is you who is the deciding factor.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you treat yourself well, you will be good to others,
Admiral William H. McRaven|Remember... start each day with a task completed. Find someone to help you through life. Respect everyone. Know that life is not fair and that you will fail often. But if you take some risks, step up when times are toughest, face down the bullies, life up the downtrodden, and never, ever give up - if you do these things, then you can change your life for the better... and maybe the world!
Toni Hawkins|You are a VIP, a very important person so take care with self care. If not you, who? If not now, when?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Call on God at all times, even in times of trouble.
Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life|Much of the self-help world is predicated on peddling highs to people rather than solving legitimate problems. Many self-help gurus teach you new forms of denial and pump you up with exercises that feel good in the short term, while ignoring the underlying issue. Remember, nobody who is actually happy has to stand in front of a mirror and tell himself that he’s happy.
Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life|This entitlement plays out in one of two ways:1.   I’m awesome and the rest of you all suck, so I deserve special treatment.2.   I suck and the rest of you are all awesome, so I deserve special treatment.Opposite mindset on the outside, but the same selfish creamy core in the middle.
Gift Gugu Mona|Every day you have a new chapter to write about your journey of life. As you write that chapter, do it so well such that when others read it; you would still be proud of yourself.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|Depression is a Virus,handling it Once, Builds Your Immunity to it.
Alain de Botton|Loneliness makes us more capable of true intimacy if ever better opportunities do come along. We might be isolated for now, but we'll be capable of far closer, more interesting bonds with anyone we do eventually locate. 
Alain de Botton, The School of Life|A fundamental truth, is that there is simply no such thing as an inherently boring person or thing. People are only in danger of coming across as such when they either fail to understand their deeper selves or don’t dare or know how to communicate them to others. 
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever calls on the Name of the Lord God, shall be saved.
Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life|In my life, I have given a fuck about many people and many things. I have also not given a fuck about many people and many things. And like the road not taken, it was the fucks not given that made all the difference.
Abby Fabiaschi, I Liked My Life|To hell with what anyone thinks about your life, but you should know what you think about it.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|The whole spiritual process is just this: that you are willing to take the next step not knowing where it will lead you. If you are not ready for that, that means you are not ready for any new possibility.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|If you are free from memory and imagination, you will always be meditative.If you release yourself from these, meditation is just natural. When you sit for meditation, what is your basic problem? You are either thinking about tomorrow or thinking about what happened yesterday
Tiffany Dufu, Drop the Ball: Achieving More by Doing Less|I used to be the queen of domesticity, a Good Housekeeping cover model in the making. I was also an ambitious professional. These two identities had always been on a collision course. But I was oblivious to that fact until after the crash.
Sadhguru|This creation is so perfect that you can forget the Creator – you can just discard him, dump him – and still it goes on. So a true compliment to the Creator is when you forget about him. (Laughs) That is a real compliment to the wonderful piece of creation he has made; it is so perfect within itself that it does not need to draw from anything outside.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Now the need for seeking something outside will completely disappear. Once you are blissful by your own nature, your life becomes an expression of your blissfulness, not a pursuit of happiness.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|So once these needs are fulfilled, nobody is going to value these things. If you are well-fed, peaceful, blissful, happy, well-loved, with nothing to complain about, you will not value food, peace, love, compassion so much.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Questioner: One question comes to my mind: if everybody looked inward, what would happen? Sadhguru: You would have a sensible world. (Laughs) Is that a danger?
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Without knowing the essential nature of this (referring to the self), we are trying to make a life outside. That is the biggest mistake humanity has made. The first and foremost thing you must know is this (referring to the selfx). Then you can handle the external like a play, without any effort.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|There is nothing in this existence which is not connected to your spiritual process. Everything is. It is from this that Indian culture created this idea (which now might have taken on extreme forms) that if you see a tree, you bow down; if you see a rock, you bow down; if you see a cow, you bow down; if you see a snake you bow down. Whatever it is, it does not matter what. Every creature, every form, whatever you see, if it makes an impression on you, you bow down to it.
Sadhguru|So, as you do the practice, if you are connected with your consciousness, then the mind is just free. It is so free that everything that you have smelled, tasted, touched, heard and seen is all there. You don’t have to try to remember anything; it is all simply there. You can just pull it back. Memory is not about remembering, memory is just about your ability to bring back the data, isn’t it?
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|The mind has no tools to enter the unconscious dimensions. Only if you are outside of the mind you can look at everything the way it is. When you are in it, there is no way to dissect yourself. You can catch hold of somebody else and dissect them, but you cannot dissect yourself. Even if you do, you cannot see everything. If you are using any faculty of the mind you cannot truly be aware of the nature of the mind.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Intuition is not a different dimension of perception, as people usually try to make out. Intuition is just a quicker way of arriving at the same answer. Intuition is just a way of making use of the data and jumping the steps.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Whatever is in your hands, you keep that in perfect condition; then what is beyond you will anyway happen. But people are always trying to work at what is beyond them, not taking care of what is in their hands.
Biz Stone, Things a Little Bird Told Me: Confessions of the Creative Mind|Once true passion hits you, you can recognize all the times in your life you were chasing the wrong dream. And after you've experienced that sustained fulfillment, you'll never want to settle for anything less.
Rachael Rose Steil, Running in Silence: My Drive for Perfection and the Eating Disorder That Fed It|As I searched for food perfection, and as I gained weight, I began to realize that the race for perfection in anything was the path to destruction.
Tiffany Dufu, Drop the Ball: Achieving More by Doing Less|Many women experience a sense of pressure that men rarely do—the pressure to succeed at work and to keep things running smoothly at home, especially when children arrive on the scene.
Stephen Covey|Too many are trying to conquer higher weaknesses such as procrastination, impatience or pride while still being slaves to their appetites. If we can’t control the body and its appetites, how can we control our tongues, or overcome the emotions or anger, envy, jealousy, or hatred?
Stephen R. Covey, The Divine Center|I believe that days one and two for most of us involve getting more control over the body-such as getting to be early, arising early, exercising regularly, eating in moderation, staying at our work when necessary even when tired. Too many are trying to conquer higher weaknesses such as procrastination, impatience or pride while still being slaves to their appetites. If we can’t control the body and its appetites, how can we control our tongues, or overcome the emotions or anger, envy, jealousy, or hatred?
Brandy Lucas, Single, Not Dead|In creating you, God has alreadygiven you everything you need to livea life of endurance, abundance, andpurpose.
Sam Crescent, She's Mine|....if you wanted something enough, you’d be willing to stand and fight for it, even if you got beat down.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Don’t look to be saved in any one thing, person, machine, or library. Do your own bit of saving, and if you drown, at least die knowing you were headed for shore.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Come, said my SoulSuch verses for my Body let us write, (for we are one,)That should I after death invisibly return,Or, long, long hence, in other spheres,There to some group of mates the chants resuming,(Tallying Earth’s soil, trees, winds, tumultuous waves,)Ever with pleas’d smiles I may keep on,Ever and ever yet the verses owning — as, first, I here and now,Signing for Soul and Body, set to them my name,
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|THE WISER I GET....THE LESS I SPEAK, THE MORE I THINK AND THE MORE THOUGHTFUL MY WORDS BECOME"~QWANA M. "BABYGIRL" REYNOLDS-FRASIER
Bijou Hunter, Junkyard Dog|CANDY: I learned long ago not to give a flying f*ck what strangers thought about me. H*ll, I only mildly care what my friends think. Life is too short to stress others’ opinions.
Brian  Mills, A Lighter Me: Bariatric Surgery|If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. -Wayne Dyer
D. Allen Miller, Scarlet Tears|I wasn't made with wings so I could fly away. So here I stand, fighting for a brighter day. That fight begins with me.
Love|2 All of Me Be Gentle My Friend Be gentle with yourself, forgive yourself for mistakes, don’t expect to be perfect  just get moving, and  keep putting one  foot in front of  the other  Love *** *
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|When you are in the highest vibrational state you will not feel the need to; over eat, over spend money, insist on having a certain relationship, or even become a millionaire because you have shifted into the abundance that you are and from this place you dont feel any lack at all.
Brittany Burgunder|No one knows your truth but you. If you're secure in yourself, no one and no(thing) can touch you.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Each day I connect with my inner being. Doing so, makes navigating through life so much easier.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|In life; if you stay engaged in giving and receiving love, life will always be easier.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|As I acknowledge the boundaries within myself, I am given plenty of opportunities to reinforce them.
Renae A.Sauter|As a deep wound comes to the surface, things can appear worse for a time.
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|NEVER LIVE A LIE BECAUSE"THEY"WON'T ACCEPT YOUR TRUTH!
Curtis Tyrone Jones, Giants At Play: Finding Wisdom, Courage, And Acceptance To Encounter Your Destiny|Hating yourself is like hating the sun. No matter how much you complain of it agitating your eyes, its brilliance shines on.
Renae A.Sauter|I love to strengthen myself with a healthy diet, plenty of exercise and maintaining a strong connection to myself.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|If you put gratitude at the center of your life, one day you will find it has completely taken over.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|You cannot fix, nor are you responsible for another persons low self esteem
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Beyond the pain, anger and unforgiveness, there is only one thing; love. This is where the magic happens
Leonard Perlmutter, The Heart and Science of Yoga: The American Meditation Institute's Empowering Self-Care Program for a Happy, Healthy, Joyful Life|Without meditation, contemplation and skillful action, the anger lurking in your mind can becomethe (d)anger within your life."Leonard Perlmutter (Ram Lev)
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|To ensure health in mind, body and spirit; increase giving and receiving love.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|It's wonderful to know that the power to define who I am rests solely with me. If I decide I am an artist, or a poet, a teacher or a writer then I AM.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Through out your life people will project many things onto you. The projections are not about you, they are about them. Most will actually have very little to do with who you actually are. Remember this instead of reacting.
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|HOLDING ONTO HOPE MAY MAKE YOU TIRED BUT IF YOU LET GO OF HOPE, THE FALL CAN SPIRITUALLY KILL YOU! HOLD ON
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|When pretending starts, growth stops
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|WHEN PEOPLE SHOW YOU THEIR TRUE COLORS, DON'T GO COLOR BLIND
Rebekah Borucki, You Have 4 Minutes to Change Your Life: Simple 4-Minute Meditations for Inspiration, Transformation, and True Bliss|Yes, I see you. I recognize that you’re a thinking, feeling person, and I’m here to listen.” That’s the essence and magic of meditation—the gift of telling yourself that you matter and that you’re worth time and attention. No pomp. No circumstance. No rules. Just showing up for yourself with compassion and without judgment. When this is your practice, meditation can serve as a mirror and the lighthouse that leads you home.
Rebekah Borucki, You Have 4 Minutes to Change Your Life: Simple 4-Minute Meditations for Inspiration, Transformation, and True Bliss|Yes, I see you. I recognize that you’re a thinking, feeling person, and I’m here to listen.” That’s the essence and magic of meditation—the gift of telling yourself that you matter and that you’re worth time and attention. No pomp. No circumstance. Norules. Just showing up for yourself with compassion and without judgment. When this is your practice, meditation can serve as a mirror and the lighthouse that leads you home.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Heading back into your life to dust off and decipher old memories allows you to fully grasp how much power you have always held in your life. It helps you start to see that the way you have stored your memories and the role you played in them can be altered by you at any moment. Truly. At any moment in time. Hell, with one phone call.
Frankie Love, His Lucky Charm: An Irish Mountain Man|CLOVER: I take hold of my daughter, knowing her life may be complicated, not seem fair, and often a cruel joke.I can’t protect her from self-doubt and denial, things all of us inevitably face one way or another––but I can make sure she knows her father and I think we’re the luckiest people in the world to have her.And I think that might be enough.In fact, I think that might be everything.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|What if the longer we don’t deal with the memories we are haunted by, the more these memories, like long-ignored cavities, become not only painfully sensitive, but require root canal?
Nikki Rowe|Re-claim your power, don't you dare shrink your worth for someone elses glory. They'll attempt to sabotage your greatnes but it is you that will feel the aftermath of your unwritten story.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Our foibles, issues, lies, and idiosyncrasies are not the problem, I swear. Our hiding them is. It’s what leaves us not trusting each other and not developing ourselves to become trustworthy.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Telling the whole truth and nothing but is the ultimate taking care of yourself. I can’t tell you how many clients of mine, once they clean up their lie list and resolve the big ones, cure themselves of their own depression.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Look. The world is full of liars, and it’s time someone admitted it, shed a light on it, and lightened up about it.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Ever notice how we are constantly talking to ourselves in our heads. We not only profess to know what others are thinking, but also what their responses will be––and even what they really meant by what they said. Apparently, we are all mind readers, without much proven psychic ability.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Ever notice how on a bad day you never deserve a salad? I mean how long do you think your bad mood would really last if you only fed your brat celery? How many bad days would your brat tolerate if it no longer got rewarded a drink, a cigarette, or an entire Netflix series on the couch for it.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Did you ever notice that most of us relate to our lives like we have no control or say over them? Especially in areas where we’re not proud. We speak about ourselves like we’re reporting on the weather, making sweeping generalizations...And boy do we ever believe our own ‘forecasts.
Colette Dowling, The Cinderella Complex|Women will not become free until they stop being afraid. We will not begin to experience real change in our lives, real emancipation, until we begin the process -almost a de-brainwashing- of working through the anxieties that prevent us from feeling competent and whole.
Nikki Rowe|Change your focus, give power to the positive and starve the negative. We reduce our inner wisdom to think with logic that's been instilled in us whilst expecting miraculous results. Retrain the core issue and the pathway will build itself.
Sven Moragues|Those who follow the flock, eat the shit, not the grass.
Tim S Grover|Remember, you don’t compete with anyone, you make them compete with you. You can control what you put on yourself; you can’t control what the other guy puts on you. So you focus only on the internal pressure that drives you. Run to it, embrace it, feel it, so no one else can throw more at you than you’ve already put on yourself.
Jock Camp|Hi! Jock Camp here,I wrote this book out of a genuine need: lots of people like to suck cock, but few people know how to suck cock deep. When they do they gag. While gagging can be fun with the right guy, it's not for everyone. Sometimes you just want to suck cock deep and enjoy deep cock. If that's you, or someone you know, please try this fun and easy guide. Let's Suck Cock! Jock Camp
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|Perhaps, too, in the "shift-the-blame" society we live in, we have forgotten how to weep over our sins. David, the psalm writer, said, "When I kept silent, my bones wasted away through my groaning all day long" (Psalm 32:3). I wonder if so many of us rush off to self-help groups because we have lost the ability to be real in our churches.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|You can't be much good to others, if you're no good to yourself.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|So although there is no phoenix here, there is, nonetheless, a fierce, stubborn, wildly insightful, arrogantly honest, crazily committed, and caring human, who will take the heat, the brunt of whatever silver spoon joke you may have, so I can help you have everything you want in your life. And I mean everything.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|If we’re not the one driving our dreams forward, who is? If we don’t figure out how to change jobs, eat healthily, date, fall and stay in love, who will come save us? No one. But, then again, no one should, right? The are, after all, our dreams.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|A single employee, with one message, can succinctly capture the essence of a corporation the same way an iconic photograph captures a moment. Unfortunately, it is usually the negative massages that are published or used in lawsuits.
Kent Alan Robinson|An email cannot be ignored. You may wish an email was not sent to you, because you learned what you did not want to know, but it must be acted upon because there is now a permanent record linking you to that information.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|History was once rewritten by the victors. Now we write our own immutable histories with every email, text, and post.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|...with electronic communication, what one writes in a moment, eternity will not erase.
Brittany Burgunder|If you want to do something healthy for yourself - focus on your internal relationship. A diet, external, or materialistic fix WON'T work.
Liliana Kohann, A Thin Book of Fat Poems|Be kind to your future self, and your future will be kind to you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I know nothing, so I study.
Christine Iliadis, Paradox of Freedom|It is the confession, not the Priest, that gives us absolution
Christine Iliadis, Paradox of Freedom|It is not the one that falls first that matters, but the one that gets up to help the other
Maxwell Maltz, Psycho-Cybernetics, Updated and Expanded|Happiness is a mental habit, a mental attitude, and if it is not learned and practiced in the present it is never experienced. It cannot be made contingent upon solving some external problem. When one problem is solved, another appears to take its place. Life is a series of problems. If you are to be happy at all, you must be happy - period! Not happy "because of".
Maxwell Maltz, Psycho-Cybernetics, Updated and Expanded|Our errors, mistakes, failures, and sometimes even our humiliations, were necessary steps in the learning process. However, they were meant to be means to an end - and not an end in themselves. When they have served their purpose, they should be forgotten. If we consciously dwell on the error, or consciously feel guilty about the error and keep berating ourselves because of it, then - unwittingly - the error or failure itself becomes the "goal" that is consciously held in imagination and memory.
Maxwell Maltz, Psycho-Cybernetics, Updated and Expanded|I have found that one of the commonest causes of unhappiness among my patients is that they are attempting to live their lives on the deferred payment plan. They do not live, or enjoy life now, but wait for some future event or occurrence. They will be happy when they get married, when they get a better job, when they get the house paid for, when they get the children through college, when they have completed some task or won some victory. Invariably, they are disappointed.
Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity|Turn on the light within, expand your horizons and reach your full potential.
Osho, The Book of Wisdom|You may have read or heard about the so-called positive thinkers of the West. They sayjust the opposite -- they don't know what they are saying. They say, "When you breatheout, throw out all your misery and negativity; and when you breathe in, breathe in joy,positivity, happiness, cheerfulness."Atisha's method is just the opposite: when you breathe in, breathe in all the misery andsuffering of all the beings of the world -- past, present and future. And when you breatheout, breathe out all the joy that you have, all the blissfulness that you have, all thebenediction that you have. Breathe out, pour yourself into existence. This is the methodof compassion: drink in all the suffering and pour out all the blessings.And you will be surprised if you do it. The moment you take all the sufferings of theworld inside you, they are no longer sufferings. The heart immediately transforms theenergy. The heart is a transforming force: drink in misery, and it is transformed intoblissfulness... then pour it out.Once you have learned that your heart can do this magic, this miracle, you would like todo it again and again. Try it. It is one of the most practical methods -- simple, and itbrings immediate results. Do it today, and see.That is one of the approaches of Buddha and all his disciples. Atisha is one of hisdisciples, in the same tradition, in the same line. Buddha says again and again to hisdisciples, "IHI PASSIKO: come and see!" They are very scientific people. Buddhism isthe most scientific religion on the earth; hence, Buddhism is gaining more and moreground in the world every day. As the world becomes more intelligent, Buddha willbecome more and more important. It is bound to be so. As more and more people come toknow about science, Buddha will have great appeal, because he will convince thescientific mind -- because he says, "Whatsoever I am saying can be practiced." And Idon't say to you, "Believe it," I say, "Experiment with it, experience it, and only then ifyou feel it yourself, trust it. Otherwise there is no need to believe.
Lalah Delia|Hold onto who loves and honor you.Not everyone will know how to.Some souls don't even know how to love and honor themselves, let alone you.
Kate McAfee, Girlfriend's Roadmap to Dating: Empowering Women & Finding the Good Guys|Men treat you, the way you make them treat you.
Hilal Hamdaan|You are an artist, I am an artist, all the people around you and me are artists. Don't try to hide your scars, highlight them with the brush and you'll become an attractive piece of art
Deborah Sandella|Anger is fleeting, whereas hostility is enduring.
Deborah Brodie|While it is easy to blame the hand of the abuser, when that hand no longer is raised against you, why do you continue to feel the burn of its touch?
Loren Mayshark, Death: An Exploration: Learning To Embrace Life's Most Feared Mystery|When we ponder the vastness of the universe and eternity, we are closer to understanding the role of death in the mysterious life we are all experiencing. Through these realizations, greater acceptance of the inevitability of death positions us to be happier in our lives. After my journey through these ideas I feel strongly that happiness and a deeper understanding of death are linked phenomena that offer a fuller existence.
Nikki Rowe|You are the energy you attract. Whether you are aware of that or not, everything you come up against is teaching you about that part within yourself. Listen carefully, it's a hint to a better you.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|You'll never cross an emotional bridge, if you keep rushing back to the other side.
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|DON'T BE SO PREPARED FOR THE BATTLE,TO THE POINT YOU FIND YOURSELF UNPREPARED FOR THE VICTORY!WHEN YOU TRULY BELIEVE IN YOURSELF, YOU PREPARE FOR IT ALL!
Nuno Roque|The greatest thing about our times is that you don't need permission to express yourself the way you wish. Sometimes people tell themselves they can't do it, because they're missing this or that, but historically, specialization is a recent convention. Most of us are born natural polymaths.
Lisa Locke, Blockbuster Love - Part 1: Romance: Lessons from the Movies on How to Create Lasting Love|If we lack either self-awareness or confidence in who we are, we run the risk of allowing others to define who we are or who we should be.
Archelle Georgiou|When it comes to our most precious commodity, our own health, many of us are like sheep following whatever our doctors and insurance companies and other medical care providers tell us to do and not to do.about our health.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|You do what you love, what you need.
Josh Hatcher, Manlihood: The 12 Pillars of Masculinity|The truth is - no matter how “self-made” you think you are, you are really made by many who have invested in your life.Be known as a thankful and grateful person… and be known as the person that is investing in others to build them up, as well. It’s your way of paying back the debt that others have invested in you.
Steve  Austin, Self-Care for the Wounded Soul: 21 Days of Messy Grace|For me, recovery and self-care are inextricably connected. My recovery from abuse, addiction, and a suicide attempt required dumptruck loads of self-care.
Steve  Austin, Self-Care for the Wounded Soul: 21 Days of Messy Grace|I have gained wisdom from leaning into my pain, in not allowing the hounds of hell to snap at my heels anymore. Now I turn around, call them by name, and let them know I am prepared to fight.
Steve  Austin, Self-Care for the Wounded Soul: 21 Days of Messy Grace|If you have ever felt hopeless, if you have ever believed that all the bad things in your life were beyond redemption, if you have ever felt unworthy of being loved or accepted, if you have ever feared what would happen if people found out whatever it is that haunts you - I get it. I have been there, too.
Vironika Tugaleva|You work so hard to fix yourself, but maybe what you need isn't another tactic, another book, another expert, another five-step plan. Maybe, you don't need to be fixed. Maybe, what's really holding you back is the idea that you need to be fixed. Maybe you just need to let yourself play instead of always making yourself do homework.
Billy London, A Life Sublime|MASSIMO: "After all I have done, to have you love me is nothing less than a miracle."BELINDA: He was wrong. Loving him was the easiest thing in the world. That they’d found each other after their respective histories was the miracle.
Roshan Sharma|Improve your being, and the understanding of life will come to you; and then with the understanding, do, be or achieve whatever you want out of your life.
Billy London, A Life Sublime|SOFIA: We’re not meant to be good and perfect. You know who lives longer? Married couples who enjoy under the sheets time alone. Enjoy the fun, but understand there must be an end goal.
Sandy Hubacka Treft|Always keep dreaming. Follow those visions, listen to those whispers and pursue those dreams that keep trying to nudge you in the right direction. It is not impossible to achieve them.
Hank Green, The Lizzie Bennet Diaries Transmedia Booklet|You have no obligations to your former self, they are dumber than you and they don’t exist.
T.S. Joyce, Blackwing Defender|WINTER: Because I guess I like the idea that maybe someday I can find my place, you know? My niche. Somewhere people will keep me.
Dana Marie Bell, Siren's Song|You are the sum total of what you have seen and learned, but underneath that is a core being, a usually untouchable being, that makes you who you truly are. It can make a person into a great peacemaker like Ghandi, or a serial killer like Ted Bundy, but it is immutable. That core holds both our deepest darkness and our greatest light. It’s the harmonies layered on top of that core melody that make us who we are from day to day.
Jellis Vaes|It’s true that no one ever said life would be easy, but it’s also true that no ever said you had to do it alone.
Bijou Hunter, In the Wind|If you love her, that's all that matters.
Nancy Levin, Worthy: Boost Your Self-Worth to Grow Your Net Worth|Whether we make our own money or rely on someone else, many of us would rater pretend our financial matters don't exist. Or we hope they'll just take care of themselves somehow. My ex-husband was like that. He always said, "I bank by prayer. I go to the ATM and pray that money will come out.
Chris Michaels, The Power of You: How to Live Your Authentic, Exciting, Joy-Filled Life Now!|And like anyone who is in valiant pursuit of dreams, the ups and downs come and go, but the dream lives in the heart forever.
The Mexican Horse Thief|If you have one clean hand and one dirty, you do not get two clean hands by rubbing them together.
The Mexican Horse Thief|If you cannot see my worth, you then, in turn, are worthless to me
Annmarie O'Connor, The Happy Closet|Willpower is misunderstood. The very word suggests that wanting something badly enough bequeaths that necessary strength to achieve or overcome something. If that were the case, I'd be Michael Fassbender's missus by now.
Annmarie O'Connor, The Happy Closet|Excuses – the great enabler. Without them, we'd have no reason to shop when we shouldn't and every reason to feel guilty for doing so. Nothing like the aul 'dog ate my knickers' chestnut to manifest a new handbag at will (in which to deposit much-needed new knickers, of course).
Annmarie O'Connor, The Happy Closet|I was sweating like Christy Moore at a Feis Ceol, so badly, in fact, I looked like I was sporting a finger moustache as I attempted to rescue suicidal perspiration drops from my upper lip. Classy.
Toni Sorenson|No matter where you are along life’s path, your next step is your first step.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Each of us is the enactor of our personal saga; we create the phantom of the self. We are the principal character in our personal story, as well as witnesses and reactors to the storylines of other persons whom we adore. We are each the composers of our evolving personal story; we are the protagonist of our personal life story.
Ann Marie Frohoff|If you keep chasing shooting stars, you'll never feel the warmth of the sun.
Ruby Dixon, Barbarian's Taming|MADDIE: If I can find my own, I can survive on my own. I won’t be dependent on anyone.
Ruby Dixon, Barbarian's Taming|MADDIE: Change is good. It’s not always easy, but it’s good. And it’s time I made a few changes.
Dr.Mani|It's too noisy near the surface. To be able to concentrate with all your being, you must shut out all distractions. You must listen with your soul.
Dixon, Ruby|Maddie: Now it’s just me against the world, and it’s the loneliest feeling ever.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|Try to be likeable but stay true to your self. There will be times when you have to do or say something at the expense of being popular. If you’ve built up enough goodwill, you’ll get away with it. People understand that difficult decisions have to be made and, if you’ve paid enough into your ‘likeability deposit’, they will hate the decision but not the person making it.There may be moments in your life when you have to choose between ‘being liked’ and what you really want to do. Imagine your future spouse is a vegan and does not enjoy being with people who eat meat. Could you imagine putting aside your beliefs and feelings, to show support, love and understanding for your partner’s?
Joyce, T.S.|Everyone is effed up, Dalton. At some point, you just have to find someone to share the baggage with.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Each of us wages a private battle to thrive. Whenever a person fully immerses oneself in life’s aromatic flower garden of pleasures and encounters life’s warship of armor-plated rigors, they blend and bend to make reasonable accommodations for surviving. Scripted and unscripted encounters with superior militant forces bruise us mightily and eventually cut us to the core. Every person’s life contains a minefield of obstacles that function as potential barriers to achieving our ultimate manifestation. The expended labor of continuously hefting oneself over one contentious hurdle after another is what leads a conscientious person onto the path of needing to write in order to create emotional poultices to ameliorate painful wounds.
Crescent, Sam|.....if he’s not man enough to stand up to your father, and take the crap he has to dish out, then he’s not good enough to be with you.
Joyce, T.S.|Tobias: No one ever said this would be easy, and you don’t seem like the type of woman to take the easy way out.
Sax, Cynthia|Want and need are not the same things either. A want can be foregone. It is voluntary, a nice-to-have. A need is required, a necessity. If he needed me, I’d be essential for his success, for his happiness.
Joyce, T.S.|Maybe her parents had picked a favorite kid, but that hadn’t bowed Kate. It had made her lock her legs and stand strong instead.
Anthony Marais|We cannot escape the longing, no matter what life we choose. We’re either longing for people, places or times gone by, which are essentially the same things: memories. And, whether or not we travel, the older we get, the more memories we collect. Nostalgia is simply the result of aging and liking the life you’ve lived. Be happy you can feel it—it’s a good sign.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In our formative years, every person begins creating a self that can keep him or her company through later stages in life. It requires concentrated effort to create self-hood. The task of creating a fully developed human being is an ongoing process, an open-ended assignment. The goal of self-hood is to evade slipping into a state of thoughtlessness, where we fail to take ownership of our thoughts, deeds, and lifestyle.
Albert Ellis|You have considerable power to construct self-helping thoughts, feelings and actions as well as to construct self-defeating behaviors. You have the ability, if you use it, to choose healthy instead of unhealthy thinking, feeling and acting.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The foundation stone of all philosophy is self-knowledge and being true to thy self. A person must address an inner necessity in order to realize the fundamental truth about oneself, seek self-improvement, and gain knowledge through experience.
Walter E. Jacobson, M.D.|The path to Enlightenment is simple: Forgiveness, Acceptance, and Love.
Jordan Silver, Broken|...it’s not him that you’re still pining after, it’s the lost time. You’re mourning what should’ve been more so than what really was. You feel robbed as well you should, but not for the right reasons.
Jordan Silver, Broken|....what I’m really saying is that you knew, somewhere deep inside you knew that he wasn’t the one for you. I’ve always wondered with people who get divorced if the wronged party hadn’t seen it coming.
Jordan Silver, Broken|No one else sees you as the villain here, but you gotta stop being a victim babe.
Jordan Silver, Broken|KYLE: ... no way in h*ll he’s getting away with short changing you.”KERRYANNE: But like you said, I don’t need it so why?KYLE: Because it’s rightfully yours sweetheart.
Liza M. Wiemer, Hello?|All at once it occurs to me that I'm the one who needs to give myself the break, to accept myself for who I am.
Jenn Sadai, Cottage Cheese Thighs|The more I thought about the reasons behind my insecurities, the more I realized that my issues with my appearance had nothing to do with reality. I didn’t feel fat because I was sluggish or unable to move my body with ease. I felt fat because I didn’t fit the mold of what society has taught me a woman should look like.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|I opened my mouth, but the same words came to me again and again.I will not scream. I will not scream. I will not scream.
Subbu Peteti, Anti-Aging Secrets on the Highway|To reduce your age,increase your experiences.
Jellis Vaes|Traveling solo is an incredible – life changing – journey, which I can recommend anyone to undertake. It’s the fear of being alone that prevents many people from daring to take the step to go on that journey. But as with many things, within that fear you’ll discover the greatest triumphs.
Orson De Witt, Earth Won't Miss You|It was odd to look for forgiveness and acceptance in my own head at first, but now I understood – it was the only place to look.
Bijou Hunter, Junkyard Dog|I learned long ago not to give a flying fuck what strangers thought about me. Hell, I only mildly care what my friends think. Life is too short to stress others’ opinions.
Mayra Mejia|When you muster the courage to processes reality as it is instead of sweeping feelings or emotions under the rug, you become stronger.
Jellis Vaes|If you know why you are here, if you have a reason – a purpose, you know why you are born – you know why you are alive and you will feel alive. Purpose is THE MOST IMPORTANT thing in the world to have.
Jellis Vaes|I honestly think that depression, unhappiness or the feeling of emptiness is more a lack of amazement about life than anything else.
Robert Duff, Hardcore Self Help: F**k Anxiety|I'm allowed to male mistakesI'm allowed to feel good sometimesAnxiety is my bitchI don't like these feelings, but they won't hurt meI'm going to be alright
Kimberly L. Willis, The Chosen: Signs & Wonders Experienced by a Prophet of God|The mission of Jesus Christ should reside within all of our hearts: to love one another and to expand his gospel, furthering the Kingdom of God.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don't you ever think that your mind can never harm you just because it is your mind! Your mind can really kill you. From dawn to the time you retire, your mind can be a very good friend to you and your mind can also be your worst friend. What goes into your mind each day becomes your friend so mind your mind!
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|I'd have my happy ending, whether I deserved it or not. But this land, these people - they would have their happy ending too. The first few steps toward healing. Toward peace. And then things would be fine. Then I'd be fine.
conversations with a pigeon|Do you think people have evolved too far, because I do; oh their ability to heal is indeed a wonder and I do praise them for that, but in many other things I think evolution has been a bit rushed, like getting to the bus stop before the wheel was invented.
Nina Leavins|If weakness pervades the body, then it's mind we must strengthen
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Before you save the world, make sure your own house is in order.
Elona Washington, From Ivy League To Stripper Life: 10 Lessons Learned|All too often, we make decisions from a place of pain, insecurity or fear and we let those negative thoughts guide our behavior, ruin opportunities and be the reason we choose poor friends and abusive partners.
Cécile Rischmann, The French Encounter|Life is all about choices. Make the right one and find your happiness. Don't waste a minute thinking of what others have, be contented with what you have. Ask God to help you achieve. He will, if you believe in Him, if you work hard, and if you do not give up on your dreams. After all, if you give up on your dreams how can you blame others who give up on you?
Tisha Marie Payton, MHR, Live Self-Sufficiently: The 12 Step Living Guide|Stop caring about what other people think of you, how they perceive you, or if they approve of you. Start to focus on your inner peace.
Tisha Marie Payton, MHR, Live Self-Sufficiently: The 12 Step Living Guide|You have to evaluate your relationships and eliminate the relationships that are not bringing you positivity and growth. We need to be around people who encourage us, uplift us, and promote positivity.
Tisha Marie Payton, MHR, Live Self-Sufficiently: The 12 Step Living Guide|Even the media has a twisted image of reality. Magazines have photoshopped images of men and women models and celebrities on their covers. We are flooded with images of perfection and material things. Those influences can take over your mind, causing you to want to keep up with those celebrities on television and in magazines in any way possible. You cannot be happy if you constantly compete with others for public approval.
Tisha Marie Payton, MHR, Live Self-Sufficiently: The 12 Step Living Guide|Self-love is having appreciation for oneself, respecting oneself, and caring for oneself, and the actions that help us mature also help it grow.
Anup Kochhar, The Failure Project  -The Story Of Man's Greatest Fear|The fear of failure is not just the greatest fear of man, it is the fear of man. All other fears are avatars of the fear of failure.
Goran Spasa, How to Dance with the Universe|If you cannot change, why you expect others to change?
Goran Spasa|Be knowledgeable, but not realistic!
Arthur P. Ciaramicoli, The Stress Solution: Using Empathy and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy to Reduce Anxiety and Develop Resilience|Self-care is never selfish, but it may feel that way when you live a frenzied life.
Erik Mirandette, The Only Road North: 9,000 Miles of Dirt and Dreams|The last thing this world needs is another self-help or feel-good faith book, seven simple steps to whatever. Just the thought makes my stomach turn. The truth is that life is far too complex to be put in a box, labeled, and have the appropriate manual attached. I wonder, have these people who seem to have all the answers ever really experienced hardship or grief, true joy, or adventure? Have they ever really lived? For those of us who venture outside the cookie cutter lives that many settle for, a superficial, plastic faith with the corresponding instruction booklet will do nothing. When we take the brave step from the comfortable mainstream into the unknown, we quickly discover that we are all just travelers on a journey trying to find our way.
Joseph G. Peterson, Wanted: Elevator Man|To have luck and fail to act on it is tantamount to not having luck at all. In fact, it was worse. Barnes thought back to his self-help manuals. They all proclaimed with compelling force the necessity of recognizing opportunity then seizing it when it stuck.
Dilip Bathija, The Superhero Soul: Quest for Inspiration, Happiness, Success and Greatness|Here I stand now, with a sweet tingling feeling all over, recalling the last time I was here, and I am glad that I am here again, while wondering why I didn’t recognize it earlier. But now I have got the chance to recognize and deal with it more effectively and I know that I can visit this place as many times as I want, and take asmany chances as I want, because I finally realize that I, am in total control of my life.
Dilip Bathija, The Superhero Soul: Quest for Inspiration, Happiness, Success and Greatness|Here I stand now, with a sweet tingling feeling all over, recalling the last time I was here, and I am glad that I am here again, while wondering why I didn’t recognize it earlier. But now I have got the chance to recognize and deal with it more effectively and I know that I can visit this place as many times as I want, and take as many chances as I want, because I finally realize that I, am in total control of my life.
Dilip Bathija, The Superhero Soul: Quest for Inspiration, Happiness, Success and Greatness|Jump, take that flight, and build your wings on the way down.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Call on the Saviour, He will save you.
Keerthi Singhe, Spirit Flows Power Glows|Memory holds you back, Imagination pushes you forward.
Lenny Ramirez|Refrain from being selfish to others, instead make some friend and stand up with dignity.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you desire a joyful heart, dance daily.
Karen Chance|You look furious,” Pritkin said, watching me.“I just—I can’t understand not fighting for your life— for what you want. Just giving up—”A corner of his mouth quirked. “No. You would not understand that. You never stop trying, do you?”“What else is there?”“Despair. Hopelessness. Anger. Depression.”“But those don’t get you anywhere.”He huffed out something that might have been a laugh, only it didn’t sound happy. “No. They don’t.
Stephen Richards|Create your own out of the box thinking, create your own box.
Samer Chidiac|If you keep fighting with yourself, you will always win.
Samer Chidiac|Make peace with your fears; after all, they are only imaginary friends.
Samer Chidiac|Worrying is like a man's beard, if you don't do something about it... it will keep growing.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you listen to music, dance daily and mediate, you have the best medicine for your mind, body and soul.
Richie Norton|The definition of management is literally "control," but the definition of true leadership is love.
Stephen Richards|If being in the NOW doesn’t work, don’t worry as there is always another one tomorrow!
Tillie Cole|That stunning fuckin’ smile. I ain’t ever seen you smile in the whole time you’ve been at the compound.”I lost my smile, then replied, “Because I do not have reason to smile very often.”Ky’s fingers began tracing the back of my hand. “Then you make a reason, Li. Don’t make excuses for living a shit life. It ain’t rocket science. You don’t like something, find something you do. Don’t like being around someone, stay the fuck away. Wanna change your life, then get off your ass, bitch and fuckin’ change it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you do not stand firm in the faith, you may fall.
Dean Del Sesto, Shift Your Thinking: 200 Ways to Improve Your Life|If you were a brand, would you buy yourself or keep shopping?
Lailah Gifty Akita|When you are angry, do not speak, but close your eyes. You can regain your inner peace with a word of prayer.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In every situation, there is a sacred answer.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Hardships are hills of mountains, which must be overcome for the highest accomplishments.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Worry only wears the body, soul and the spirit.
Richie Norton|At the end of the day, if you’re wasting your time by not investing in yourself, you’re going to waste away—and that would be the greatest waste of all.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Engrave on your heart; love, hope and faith.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I am not just wondering, God is ordering my footsteps and His words are lamp to my path.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The strength of soul; love, hope and faith.
Deepak Mehra, Ready, Steady, Go!|Success is a matter of choice, not chance ~ Deepak Mehra
Deepak Mehra, Ready, Steady, Go!|Career is a marathon race, not a 100-meter sprint ~ Deepak Mehra
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|We do not get to choose how we start out in life. We do not get to choose the day we are born or the family we are born into, what we are named at birth, what country we are born in, and we do not get to choose our ancestry. All these things are predetermined by a higher power. By the time you are old enough to start making decisions for yourself, a lot of things in your life are already in place. It’s important, therefore, that you focus on the future, the only thing that you can change.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|Whenever I am in a difficult situation where there seems to be no way out, I think about all the times I have been in such situations and say to myself, "I did it before, so I can do it again.
Jess Fulton, For Just a Little While|They say in time all things will pass. But before they do, they last . . . for just a little while.
Susan Forward, Mothers Who Can't Love: A Healing Guide for Daughters|The healing process kicks into gear with with the words "This is what you did to me." That statement is not gentle or polite; it's absolutely direct. In fact, I know that seeing it might feel like a punch in the stomach. I deliberately removed the distancing veil of "objectivity" from the words "This is what you did" by adding 'to me'.
Susan Forward, Mothers Who Can't Love: A Healing Guide for Daughters|...many daughters may never have given themselves permission to even 'consider' changing the relationship with their mothers, because they didn't think they had the right to do it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Keep faith, love and hope in your heart.
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|Just like a sailor who knows before reaching land that it is nearing, life too gives certain signals which indicate how closer you are to manifesting.
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|Having faith makes you vibrate at a frequency level that is identical to that of the universe, providing you a result that you would not have arrived at before.
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|Diamonds do not burst out from the mines into your hands. The universe, instead, will direct the men to discover the mines and find the diamonds for you.
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|So, and it is common sense, be in the moment to make things happen in that moment.
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|If you are faced with a lost opportunity, think of the shifting reality and be ready to catch it when it comes your way. This is the way reality functions.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Much popular self-help literature normalizes sexism. Rather than linking habits of being, usually considered innate, to learned behavior that helps maintain and support male domination, they act as those these difference are not value laden or political but are rather inherent and mystical. In these books male inability and/or refusal to honestly express feelings is often talked about as a positive masculine virtue women should learn to accept rather than a learned habit of behavior that creates emotional isolation and alienation.... Self-help books that are anti-gender equality often present women's overinvestment in nurturance as a 'natural,' inherent quality rather than a learned approach to caregiving. Much fancy footwork takes place to make it seem that New Age mystical evocations of yin and yang, masculine and feminine androgyny, and so on, are not just the same old sexist stereotypes wrapped in more alluring and seductive packaging.
Shri Nagesh, BELIEFS & MORALS|Body is slave of mind. Mind is regulated by ideas, attitudes, beliefs and tendencies. What really matters is that which set of beliefs get most well entrenched in the mind of a person in the first few decades of his life so as to guide him for the rest of his life as he starts his journey from one end of life to another end of life.
Nikki Rowe|If you don't know what to do next take the oath that will enhance your soul and erase your ego, & from the quiet space inside yourself, you will know what to do.
Donna Goddard|Every wonderful quality "in" someone is waiting to be recognized in all of life's great symphony.
Donna Goddard|Being liked or not, having company or not, being understood or not, being acknowledged or not are not issues of concern on the spiritual path.
Avis J. Williams|We are all teachers, we all have knowledge and experiences that can teach others.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Great self-skills are self-confident, self-courage and self-steadiness.
Mathew N.  Schmalz, Mercy Matters: Opening Yourself to the Life-Changing Gift|Apologies often cannot undo pain; but they can acknowledge it. And part of the cruelty of bullying is that the bruises it leaves are on the inside—it’s a hidden form of violence, shrouded by shame.
Donna Goddard|If love isn't there, nothing will grow. If it is, there is always hope and it will win in the end. Love is vital and sacrosanct.
Donna Goddard|We are spiritual beings - indestructible, immaterial and safe.
Lailah Gifty Akita|During my PhD, I was depressed for eight-months, state of deep-worry. The stressful life leads to neglect of spirituality and wellness. I recovered by inspiration of great souls, friends and family. Ever since, I have sought spirituality of soul and well-being over all other things.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Devotion to self is necessary. First, place the mask on yourself and breathe deeply. Then help the others. If you don’t save yourself, they will die.
Chaitanya Charan Das|Let emotion inform, but not form, your decision
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe in your sacred self, you can build a strong tower.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With strong spirit, you will survive any situation.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Repeating positive installing statements for a few minutes, and then thinking negatively the rest of the day neutralizes the effects of the positive words.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Once upon a time it took many years of hard work to establish a winning business, but today that time scale has been cut down to months … not years.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|No matter how small you start, always dream and think BIG. If you start with small thoughts then you will stay with small thoughts.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Instead of thinking 'law of attraction', think 'unlimited abundance'.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|The only difference, apart from heaps of cash, between someone who is wealthy and someone who is poor is having the right mindset and attitude.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|One of the biggest secrets of success is delegation. Exactly the method Sir Richard Branson uses! If it helped him become a billionaire businessman then it is worth utilizing in your own life/business, etc.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Success is not usually the result of pure chance or fluke. Mind you, neither is a failure the result of bad luck.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|All your strength must come from within, because no external source can provide it.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Every day there are opportunities for me, and I take them.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Do what other successful people are doing, that is how you can be brilliant.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Don’t look on in awe, emulate your idols and become one in the process.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Whatever feelings you think you would have if your financial goals were met, feel them now!
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Thought awareness is the first step in the process of managing negative thoughts, as you cannot manage thoughts that you are unaware of.
Parker J. Palmer, A Hidden Wholeness: The Journey Toward an Undivided Life|The soul is like a wild animal—tough, resilient, savvy, self-sufficient and yet exceedingly shy. If we want to see a wild animal, the last thing we should do is to go crashing through the woods, shouting for the creature to come out. But if we are willing to walk quietly into the woods and sit silently for an hour or two at the base of a tree, the creature we are waiting for may well emerge, and out of the corner of an eye we will catch a glimpse of the precious wildness we seek.
Pema Chödrön, Living Beautifully: with Uncertainty and Change|But as we let go of our repetitive stories and fixed ideas about ourselves--particularly deep-seated feelings of "I'm not okay"--the armor starts to fall apart, and we open into the spaciousness of our true nature, into who we really are beyond the transitory thoughts and emotions. We see that our armor is made up of nothing more than habits and fears, and we begin to feel that we can let those go.
Dorit Brauer|Life must be lived forward but only makes sense by looking backward. Only in retrospect do the pieces of the puzzle connect, revealing an intelligently orchestrated evolution. Our journey through life is in a way like walking blindfolded.
Dorit Brauer|Our fragile, perishable bodies are not who we are. We are the sum of fleeting moments that belong to us for eternity. It is our choice and responsibility to create moments of beauty and grace, instead of despair and suffering.
Kaiylah Muhammad, The Starving Psyche|People can say anything, but a person’s actions show how they truly feel about you. Actions express priority.
Kaiylah Muhammad, The Starving Psyche|The good thing about being numb is that no one can hurt you, but the bad thing about being numb is that no one can love you.
Stephen Richards|If you want new results, get a new mindset!
Dorit Brauer|On the surface, reality may appear the same each day, but in essence, we are new every moment of our lives. The potential for change and growth is unlimited if we allow ourselves to surrender to the flow.
Stephen Richards|Dreams are never too big, you will grow into them.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Strategic Spiritual Warfare|HE TEN LEPERS: Handling ingratitude with disapproval-And Jesus Answer, were there not 10 cleansed but where are 9?
Pema Chödrön|But often it is a seemingly irresolvable relationship that teaches us the most, once we're willing to be vulnerable and honest, once we're willing to connect with what Chogyam Trungpa called "the genuine heart of sadness." As warriors in training we do our best to hold the person in our heart without any hypocrisy. One thing we can do with a difficult relationship is to place a picture of the person somewhere we will see it often and think, "I wish for your deepest well-being". Or we can write down the person's name, along with the aspiration that they may be safe, may be happy, may live in peace. Regardless of what specific action we take, our aspiration is to benefit the other person and wish them well.
Stephen Richards|Before you can make your dreams work, you have to get out of bed!!
Dorit Brauer|The light is all around, but to find it, we need to look inside our hearts. We can go through life and search in all the wrong places. But one day we’ll look within and we’ll find the entire universe.
Kaiylah Muhammad|Self-love is when you are genuinely happy not with the image you see in the mirror, but the person you see.
Chris Hadfield, An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth|It's puzzling to me that so many self-help gurus urge people to visualize victory, and stop there. Some even insist that if you wish for good things long enough and hard enough, you'll get them - and, conversely, that if you focus on the negative, you actually invite bad things to happen. Why make yourself miserable worrying? Why waste time getting ready for disasters that may never happen? Anticipating problems and figuring out how to solve them is actually the opposite of worrying: it's productive. Likewise, coming up with a plan of action isn't a waste of time if it gives you peace of mind. While it's true that you may wind up getting ready for something that never happens, if the stages are at all high, it's worth it.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|I am successful and I love the fact that being successful allows me to choose the 'when', 'why', 'where' and 'how' of spending my time and energy.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Perhaps you have an appetite to help others, to give of yourself so that others can have a better life ... and in so doing you yourself become successful.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|A releasing statement works as though you are holding your belief tightly in your hand, then put your arm out and let it go! A releasing statement removes stumbling blocks from your mind, once done then you can use affirmations with success.
Lailah Gifty Akita, On Eagles Wings:Rise|Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on.
Shashi, Songs of the Mist|Passion focuses your mind to one thing that you are doing and leaves no space for something else to enter” - Ashutosh in the book "Songs of the Mist
Nike Thaddeus|If you're the only one that can see the genius in you, It's best you revisit the drawing board.
Gary   Hopkins|If you make time for the nonsense, good or bad, it will continue to seek you out.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Personally, I think it is better for me to love myself and enjoy being me, than to please someone else by pretending to be someone I'm not.
Nick Jimbanis|Buy this book , buy this book , you need this book, buy book now.'Subliminal messaging works!
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|You shouldn't expect anyone to give you a vision. A vision is not given, it's created, by you.
A.M. Homes, This Book Will Save Your Life|Make the mental physical, and the physical mental, and things will improve.
Michael Holbrook|Ask questions. Seek answers, knowing you’ll never have all of them. And that’s okay. Sometimes curiosity is its own reward.
Avis J. Williams|Nobody is really an expert, as we are all still learning.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|We are who we are, but we know who we are through our response to the changing world.
Giridhar Alwar|If you feel something should be changed, start the change with your thoughts and mind-set. Cause you may not change the surroundings but your thoughts will...-Giridhar Alwar
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A New Year, all things new!
Stephen Richards|Many folks describe arrogant people as jerks, idiots, creeps, and much worse. A person that treats you like you are stupid and says the only right way is their way – even when it clearly is not – is arrogant. They try to make up for their own lack of confidence by hammering away at others.
Gabriela M. Sanchez|The key to happiness is loving yourself. For years I have struggled to reach this point and even now at the age of 20 I will be honest in saying I am not 100% there yet. However, I will say I am much closer to that 100 than I was 5 years ago.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Forget the past. Look ahead, full of opportunities.
Vann Chow|A lot of people travel because they are unhappy, but travelling does not necessary makes one happier. Sometimes it exacerbates the unhappiness, the loneliness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A fresh year, a fresh life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If the willingness is there, you can graciously fulfill your dream.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Although you may not know where the road will end, you dare travel on it.
