Damien Chazelle|ANDREW: But do you think there’s a line? You know, where you discourage the next Charlie Parker from becoming Charlie Parker?FLETCHER: No. Because the next Charlie Parker would never be discouraged.
Peprah Boasiako|In the vast world of supreme worriorship, courage is what separates one from the crowd.
T.A. Cline, Archomai|Anyone can be a hero, even those who cannot!
Francois Houle, It Happened to Us|Life can be the worst bully in the world,” Grandpa said and pointed a finger at Mathieu. “And you will stand up to that bully.
Peadar Ó Guilín, The Volunteer|At least half of his hunters writhed on the ground with grubs already inside them, causing horrendous agony. These had to be helped away by terrified Ship People whose courage lay trembling in their hearts as lightly as leaves.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|Work, love, courage and hope,Make me good and help me cope!
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Free your mind of that which you have no control. It is not only good to do so for your mental, but your overall health. Some people must learn from experience. You can convey knowledge to them and offer to show them the way. But, that doesn't mean your wisdom will be accepted or appreciated.
Joanna Macy|Active Hope is not wishful thinking. Active Hope is not waiting to be rescued . . . . by some savior. Active Hope is waking up to the beauty of life on whose behalf we can act. We belong to this world. The web of life is calling us forth at this time. We’ve come a long way and are here to play our part.With Active Hope we realize that there are adventures in store,strengths to discover, and comrades to link arms with.Active Hope is a readiness to discover the strengthsin ourselves and in others;a readiness to discover the reasons for hopeand the occasions for love.A readiness to discover the size and strength of our hearts,our quickness of mind, our steadiness of purpose,our own authority, our love for life,the liveliness of our curiosity,the unsuspected deep well of patience and diligence,the keenness of our senses, and our capacity to lead.None of these can be discovered in an armchair or without risk.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Loving someone doesn't mean you have to bow down to them or drop everything and run to their relentless calls. They must understand and love you enough to give you the respect that you deserve. Loving someone doesn't mean you have to shower them with gifts all the time. Give them your honesty, hope, joy, and encouragement on a daily basis.
Choa Kok Sui, Compassionate Objectivity - The Golden Lotus Sutras on Character Building|Courage is the difference between success and failure. You must have this attitude, this is the right thing to do, so let's do it.
Gail Tsukiyama, The Samurai's Garden|Matsu gathered up what little was left of the food and wrapped it back up in the furoshiki. 'I followed you and the others down to the beach yesterday morning. I wondered if you might try to find your way to peace as she did.''I couldn't,' I began to cry, turning away in shame. Then Matsu leaned over close to my ear. He smelled of sweat and the earth as he whispered, 'It takes greater courage to live.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Build a solid courage behind what you believe you can do. Your dreams may drift and fall, but when your courage is strong and still, you can’t shift; you’ll lift your dreams again!
Jessiqua Wittman, A Memoir of Mercy|Face your monster boldly, the whole world will cheer you on. Run from your monster fearfully, Heaven will cry over your pieces.
Joanna Macy & Chris Johnstone, Active Hope|By strengthening our compassion, we give fuel to our courage and determination.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if people do not understand you outrightly, do not worry; understand people outrightly and act with wisdom, courage and understanding
Auliq Ice|Life is a test of courage, It's only worth if you can learn to withstand your most trying times and remain stable, steady, simple and strong in different places and spaces.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|The lift is about SPEED and COMFORT, but the stairs are about CERTAINTY! The lift may go wrong but stairs seldom do, you can always take the stairs. They are BOUND to take you UP and to the END as long as you continue to climb!
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|He could silence me, but Rob had no power over my mind
Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time|A lot of people think that being a Gallagher Girl means not being afraid of anything. Actually, that couldn't be further from the truth. It's not about ignoring fear. It's about facing it, knowing the risks and the costs and sacrificing safety and security anyway.
Shannon L. Alder|Stop expecting the world to affirm you as a person. Half of the world will like you and the other half will hate you, despite what you say or do. Christ knew this truth, but he did his life mission anyways.
Lorde|We might be hollow, but we're brave
Radclyffe Hall, The Well of Loneliness|For the sake of all the others who are like you, but less strong and less gifted perhaps, many of them, it's up to you to have the courage to make good.
Mia Hollow|That is what love does, it upstages fear.
Shannon L. Alder|Only a demon would prevent a person from saving lives or fulfilling their life mission. There is no reasoning with the devil. Stand with pride because your heart is filled with the goodness of helping others, while theirs is filled with helping themselves.
Shannon L. Alder|You might lose battles in your life time. However, every person that stands bravely on the side of justice, for people that have no voice, wins the true battle---Gods.
Bill Maher|To a coward, courage always looks like stupidity.
Shannon L. Alder|It is through strength of character, not luck, do we form the predictable path of our future.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|In this space, in this moment, we are who we want to be. I am lucky, because for me that doesn’t take much courage. But for others, it takes a world of bravery to make it to the clearing.
Anonymous|When the future is fogged and ahead lays opportunity but risk, it is better to tread a careful path through the uncertainty than to wait for the mist to clear, if it ever does.
Auliq Ice|Courage injures the strong ones who have no wisdom, but it motivates the brave ones, to always win.
Auliq Ice|We've made our decisions, We've taken our choices, What's left, is only a hand-full of emotions.
Auliq Ice|Continuous understanding goes with love, courage, respect, discovery and acceptance of mistakes.
Alfred Tennyson, The Charge of the Light Brigade|Boldly they rode and well,Into the jaws of Death,Into the mouth of hell.
G.K. Chesterton, The Thing|And an even worse example, I think, than the cheapening of the word CHARITY is the new newspaper cheapening of the word COURAGE.Any man living in complete luxury and security who chooses to write a play or a novel which causes a flutter and exchange of compliments in Chelsea and Chiswick and a faint thrill in Streatham and Surbiton, is described as "daring," though nobody on earth knows what danger it is that he dares. I speak, of course, of terrestrial dangers; or the only sort of dangers he believes in. To be extravagantly flattered by everybody he considers enlightened, and rather feebly rebuked by everybody he considers dated and dead, does not seem so appalling a peril that a man should be stared at as a heroic warrior and militant martyr because he has had the strength to endure it.
E.R. Eddison, The Worm Ouroboros|He that feareth is a slave, were he never so rich, were he never so powerful. But he that is without fear is king of all the world. Though hast my sword. Strike. Death shall be a sweet rest to me. Thraldom, not death, should terrify me.
Csaba Gabor - B|They told me, I am not good enough, not strong enough, not tall enough, not smart enough. They told me I can not win, but they did not tell me how to lose. They taught me a lot of things, but You can not teach courage. That is why I succeed.
Rachel  Harris, A Tale of Two Centuries|I am not without fear, but courage is taking action despite the fear. Knowing what you want, what you are meant to do, and proceeding despite any knots in your stomach or rocks stuck in your throat. It is walking boldly into the unknown with your chin held high... even if it quivers.
Austin Kelly|I feel like people around me are betters voting on the wrong horse in the race. I am that horse, always failing to make others win.
Benedict Freedman, Mrs. Mike|I felt afraid. No one would know that, not Mother and not Mike. I’d keep the fear pushed down inside of me, and no one would know it was there. “I’m awfully happy,” I wrote. I was. Awfully happy and awfully in love, and tomorrow I was marrying Mike.
Kishore Bansal|In hard times nothing is visible life seems to beat you down, with courage hit the problems ball will be in your court.
Stephen E. Ambrose|At dusk, Wakefield “had my most important thought that day.” Wading into chest-deep water at first light that morning, “I found that my legs would hardly hold me up. I thought I was a coward.” Then he had discovered that his sea bags with their explosives had filled with water and he was carrying well over 100 pounds. He had used his knife to cut the bags and dump the water, then moved on to do his job. “When I had thought for a moment that I wasn’t going to be able to do it, that I was a coward, and then found out that I could do it, you can’t imagine how great a feeling that was. Just finding out, yes, I could do what I had volunteered to do.
Basil Pearl, Middlesettlements|Time seemed to stand still as she noticed three droplets of blood splattered on the Indian's cheek. Crimson red, she thought. Three crimson red droplets. The color of the rubescent calla lilies in her mother's garden. Her mother had explained the wine colored flower meant strength, and passionate courage. How fitting, Zee thought as shock of the reality around her began to set in.
Auliq Ice|If you need to know courage then you personally is the courage you discovered by yourself, try harder things and it will show up.
Scott K. Edinger, The Hidden Leader: Discover and Develop Greatness Within Your Company|To demonstrate integrity, a person must have the courage to consistently adhere to a strong ethical code, even in difficult situations.
Emily Palermo|Despite what you’ve read, your sadness is not beautiful. No one will see you in the bookstore, curled up with your Bukowski, and want to save you. Stop waiting for a salvation that will not come from the grey-eyed boy looking for an annotated copy of Shakespeare,for an end to your sadness in Keats.He coughed up his lungs at 25, and flowery words cannot conceal a life barely lived. Your life is fragile, just beginning, teetering on the violent edge of the world. Your sadness will bury you alive, and you are the only one who can shovel your way out with hardened hands and ragged fingernails, bleeding your despair into the unforgiving earth.Darling, you see, no heroes are coming for you. Grab your sword, and don your own armor.
Nelson Mandela|Courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
Shannon L. Alder|You cannot become a peacemaker without communication. Silence is a passive aggressive grenade thrown by insecure people that want war, but they don't want the accountability of starting it.
Shannon L. Alder|Decisions of character come from understanding that they are accountable to God only, not to family, spouses, religious leaders, corporations, public opinion or your own ego.
Susan Flusche|Deep in the recesses of our mind is a trophy shelf on which sits many bottles. Each bottle contains the pain of a hurt that we have overcome and for which we have a scar - our badge of courage. Occasionally, a memory will knock the bottle off the shelf, the cork will come out and the pain is back. What we should notice each time this happens is that the pain is less intense, it takes less time to return it to the bottle and back onto the shelf and that our scar - our battle wound becomes stronger.
Maya Angelou|We need the courage to create ourselves daily, to be bodacious enough to create ourselves daily — as Christians, as Jews, as Muslims, as thinking, caring, laughing, loving human beings. I think that the courage to confront evil and turn it by dint of will into something applicable to the development of our evolution, individually and collectively, is exciting, honorable.
Stacy Snapp-Killian aka StacyK|It is during a time of failure we bury a past and resurrect a future. Becoming righteous, discerning, and wise are our most prized possessions and across every cultures-this is the greatest feat of all human life.
Rebecca Harris|Who we are is determined by the actions we take, the words we choose to say, the people we love. And for some that love brings hope. For others, courage. And for some, the luckiest of individuals, that love brings with it a knowledge of contentment, an understanding of strength, and the reward of uncovering exactly who you are.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Your love is as stable as you are: It's not about how good a person makes you feel, but rather what good you can do for them.
Shannon L. Alder|Be the hero of your children’s story. Never let them believe for a minute that honor, courage and doing what is right is only reserved for other fathers and mothers.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|I thought I would die without you, in reality I was reborn...
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|Even the Sun gets tired of rising, but he does it out of love for the Earth...
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|This tub is for washing your courage...When you are born your courage is new and clean. You are brave enough for anything: crawling off of staircases, saying your first words without fearing that someone will think you are foolish, putting strange things in your mouth. But as you get older, your courage attracts gunk and crusty things and dirt and fear and knowing how bad things can get and what pain feels like. By the time you're half-grown, your courage barely moves at all, it's so grunged up with living. So every once in awhile, you have to scrub it up and get the works going or else you'll never be brave again. Unfortunately, there are not many facilities in your world that provide the kind of services we do. So most people go around with grimy machinery, when all it would take is a bit of a spit and polish to make them paladins once more, bold knights and true....This tub is for washing your wishes...For the wishes of one's old life wither and shrivel like old leaves if they are not replaced with new wishes when the world changes. And the world always changes. Wishes get slimy, and their colors fade, and soon they are just mud, like all the rest of the mud, and not wishes at all, but regrets. The trouble is, not everyone can tell when they ought to launder their wishes. Even when one finds oneself in Fairyland and not at home at all, it is not always so easy to catch the world in its changing and change with it....Lastly, we must wash your luck. When souls queue up to be born, they all leap up at just the last moment, touching the lintel of the world for luck. Some jump high and can seize a great measure of luck; some jump only a bit and snatch a few loose strands. Everyone manages to catch some. If one did not have at least a little luck, one would never survive childhood. But luck can be spent, like money, and lost, like a memory; and wasted, like a life. If you know how to look, you can examine the kneecaps of a human and tell how much luck they have left. No bath can replenish luck that has been spent on avoiding an early death by automobile accident or winning too many raffles in a row. No bath can restore luck lost through absentmindedness and overconfidence. But luck withered by conservative, tired, riskless living can be pumped up again--after all, it is only a bit thirsty for something to do.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|Live for what you love, and die for what you're unwilling to live without...
Shannon L. Alder|You will never develop courage if you don’t stand in the middle of the battle afraid and pick up the sword anyways, to defend what is right. You might feel like you are outnumbered, but heroes always are.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|We search for happiness across every landscape, if only we knew that the seed in which it first grows, is planted within ourselves...
TheKatAttack|Keep holding on, stay strong. If the world gives up, just keep fighting.
Shannon L. Alder|Always do good for others because when people try to drag your name through the mud, God will always bring a storm to wash it away.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|It would be nice if the story ended differently - if he had burst into tears and professed his love for me; if he had said the same three words back and hugged me; if he had given it thought and then asked if we could try a relationship. But you know what? I said those three words to a boy who didn’t love me back, at least not in that way. He casually dropped a “love you” later on, and in a platonic ‘you have impacted my life’ way, he was telling the truth. But I knew. He had given it thought, and we were not on the same page. I built up all this courage to say “I love you” for the very first time, and I said those words to a person that couldn’t reciprocate them. But guess what? I don’t regret any of it.
Lorna Jackie Wilson, Black Butterfly: The Journey - The Victory|Overcoming obstacles requires commitment and strength. Despite all odds, face each journey with courage, each struggle with accomplishment, and each challenge with victory.
Kishore Bansal|Courage make you strong, to become better person Show kind feelings to others.
P.G. Wodehouse, Very Good, Jeeves!|One of the first lessons life teaches us is that on these occasions of back-chat between the delicately-natured, a man should retire into the offing, curl up in a ball, and imitate the prudent tactics of the opossum, which, when danger is in the air, pretends to be dead, frequently going to the length of hanging out crêpe and instructing its friends to gather round and say what a pity it all is.
Neel Burton|The irony is, nothing is more frightening than being frightened.
Richard Flanagan, The Narrow Road to the Deep North|Because courage, survival, love—all these things didn’t live in one man. They lived in them all or they died and every man with them; they had come to believe that to abandon one man was to abandon themselves.
Auliq Ice|Without courage, little is done and accomplished.
Jonathan V. Last|Aristotle deemed courage to be the first virtue, because it makes all the other possible.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What I’ve yet to realize is that each time I work to avoid that which I fear, I have in that very same action forfeited the blessings that my fear blinded me to. And I’ve yet to realize that with God, the blessings will always and forever eclipse whatever I fear despite how absolutely imposing those fears might be
Robert Jordan, Winter's Heart|You can never know everything, and part of what you know is always wrong. Perhaps even the most important part. A portion of wisdom lies in knowing that. A portion of courage lies in going on anyway.
Taylor Swift|I hope you know that you've given me the courage to change. I hope you know that who you are is who you choose to be, and that whispers behind your back don't define you. You are the only one who gets to decide what you will be remembered for.
C. JoyBell C.|All the things that people do in order to show that they don't need anybody... meanwhile, all they really want to do is say, "Please keep me." We all want to be kept. The problem is we are too afraid to let anyone know about it. What are these fragile things in our hearts that have so much fear of being broken?
Kate Lattey, Dare to Dream|Never tell her that something is impossible, because she'll kill herself proving you wrong.
Teresa Toten, The Unlikely Hero of Room 13B|I sweat terror, Robyn! I'm scared every single second about every single goddamned thing. I worry obsessively about being buried under an avalanche of fear. Jesus, Robyn, I'm scared like only the truly crazy ca
Tom Althouse|Defeat is only defeat if we accept it as defeat. Victory often comes after defeat, because one was too stubborn to allow it to be their reality. In the trail of any great conflict you will see the scuff marks, where the one was beaten down, but they could not be taught to stay that way.
Kate Lattey, Dream On|Real is...just being you. It's not letting yourself be defined by other people's opinions of you, of who they think you are, or what they expect you to be. It's refusing to let them squash you into the box they've built for you, and just being yourself, no matter what anyone else thinks. Because you're never going to matter to everyone, just like everyone's never going to matter to you. So you choose the people whose opinions you care about, and you be real for them.
Mariama Bâ, So Long a Letter|Each life has its share of heroism, an obscure heroism, born of abdication, of renunciation and acceptance under the merciless whip of fate.
Debasish Mridha|A great leader fights with great adversity, suffers greatly, but courageously, and never forget to help others is his ultimate duty.
Debasish Mridha|For a leader, courage, love, and passion for service are the virtues of life.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If anyone doesn't agree with you, the truth is on your side.
Swami Vivekananda|The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you free.
Kristin Cashore|She didn't know what would happen because of this. But she knew that today, she would hurt no one. She threw back her blankets and though only of today.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I want to stand on the foundation of ethics and morals when the world around me would assault that foundation with all of its collective might, and in the standing I want to stand on the truth that that foundation will stand long after everything that has assailed it has itself has ceased to stand.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I want to stand on the truth that God has designed us to stand, and that the opportunity to stand is the opportunity to live exuberantly and gloriously.
RD|You may need courage to say "NO", But you must be brave enough to say "YES" and not to do it
Laura   Lane, Two Mothers, One Prayer: Facing your Child's Cancer with Hope, Strength, and Courage|No matter your circumstance, there is hope, strength, and courage to be found.
Fazli Rrezja|it’s not bravery to walk through the jungle with a lion’s escort, but it is with a rabbit
Kate Lattey, Dream On|I think you're wrong.""Well I think you're naive," Hayley snapped."Maybe," Marley conceded, starting to walk away. "But I'd rather be that than a bully like you.
Vironika Tugaleva|It’s not enough to wish, dream, hope. Even children know this. We must set sail into the sea of uncertainty. We must meet fear face-to-face. We must take our dreams as maps for a greater journey. Dreams, to come true, need a good story. So go live one.
C. JoyBell C.|Always remember that those with very important paths to fulfill will always be forced by life into the fear of the very things that their true paths consist of, in order to prevent the destiny from ever happening. Or perhaps, in order to strengthen the courage of the heart, because courage is to look into a direction, make a choice and to actually do that which you are afraid of, and what is destiny if it is not fulfilled by a heart full of courage and brawn?
Ramananda Prasad, The Bhagavad Gita|You have control over doing your respective duty, but no control or claim over the result. Fear of failure, from being emotionally attached to the fruit of work, is the greatest impediment to success because it robs efficiency by constantly disturbing the equanimity of mind.
Amit Kalantri|Courage is like magic, courage vanishes crisis.
C. JoyBell C.|I was thinking, and realised how simple my goal has been— just to be me! I didn't want to be a good person and change the world; I just wanted to be me! Against all odds, I wanted to make sure that I turned out as myself and not into my family, my society, my religion... I wanted to make sure that I turned into me! But then after that first realisation, I made a second realisation; and that is, that becoming yourself against all odds is probably the highest attainment you could ever dream of or hope for! After all, the minute we are born, we are born into a world that isn't interested in making us who we are; but rather, is interested in making us who they think we are supposed to be! It is a most courageous act to become yourself, no matter what! And you can move mountains and change the world without trying to! As long as you fight for you!
Leslie Feinberg|Everybody’s scared, but if you don’t let your fears stop you, that’s bravery.
Choa Kok Sui, Compassionate Objectivity - The Golden Lotus Sutras on Character Building|Courage is the difference between success and failure. You must have this attitude, this is the right thing to do.
Lorii Myers|I never saw it coming; I never thought you’d leave, but baby what you gave me was the courage to find me.
Vironika Tugaleva|Of course you have passions and talents. Of course you have some purpose in the world. Your emotions are guiding you towards it. Each time you discover something that you like or something that you hate, you discover yourself. Everyone can do this. If you didn't like some things more than others, you'd be living in a sewer eating grass. More often than not, it's those things you think are too weird, too personal, or too imperfect that you must share. The world does not await your perfection. It awaits your courage and your honesty. Let yourself be seen.
Ogwo David Emenike|Courage, self-reliance and decisiveness are the main traits that define a man.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Dreams and freedom are the same. In order for them to be, they come with a price.
Sherry D. Ficklin|What if I have nothing left to fight for? I say, my voice shaking."Then you fight until you find something to fight for. But the moment you stop fighting the current, the moment you surrender to it, that's when you are truly lost.
Albert Camus, The Plague|He was one of those rare people, rare in our town as elsewhere, who have the courage of their good feelings. What little he told of his personal life vouched for acts of kindness and a capacity for affection that no one in our times dares own to.
Germany Kent|Because words have deep meaning, Tweets have power.
John Buchan|It was strange how fear had gone,now that we knew the worst and had a fighting man by our side.
M.R. Laver, A Tale of Mist and Shadow|Most attribute the domain of night to evil because they can't see. People fear the shadows of the night because shadows represent the unknown, and the unknown is frightening. They assume evil lurks behind every shadow, in every corner not illuminated. But their fear of the unknown is often what really terrifies them. They find comfort seeing in the daylight for that reason, but the irony is they are often more blinded by their comfort than by the shadow of night. It's a pity. If they could overcome their fear of the unknown they might realize that the unknown is not evil, it is simply an opportunity waiting to be explored. The night is no more a domain of evil than the daylight, both were created good, both have evil lurking in them. When you can overcome your fear, the night becomes a domain of beauty interlaced with danger, and that is exciting!
John Buchan|When a man comes out of great danger, he is apt to be a little deaf to the call of duty.
Sarah Black, The General and the Elephant Clock of Al-Jazari|There comes a time, you have to stop running, stop pretending, and just be the man you were meant to be. It doesn't matter what it costs, because to not be that man, that’ll cost you your soul. What am I going to do? I’m going to love him until the stars fall out of the sky.
Gabor Maté|The attempt to escape from pain, is what creates more pain.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|LET’S GO BACK HOMEI can't think about you,Without smiling.What I wouldn’t give,To go back there,Take you in my arms,Kiss you, And tell you,"I still love you."It's been three decades now,And still your smile's with me,Your wave goodbye, The love in your eyes, And everything else you gave me,Before that highway fog swept in,And stole your spirit away.Oh- to return by your side again, Fish beside the Pleasant Hill Dam,Hike through the Mayer's woods, Hang out on your big hill,Sleep naked in your twin bed,Fill your room with laughter- And marijuana smoke.You returned home-And I traveled on down the road,Found new loves,Safely took them under my wing,And deeply into my heart.But you know, as I do-This wasn’t always possible.I didn’t always have the fire- The courage to stand tall,The joy to expand, Nor the love to give deeply.These were all your gifts--To me.Someday-When I close my eyes for good,And cry out- "Lord- forgive me for I have sinned-"I'll joyously return by your side,Take you into my arms, Kiss you, And tell you,"I still love you.
Gemma Burgess, A Girl Like You|It’s braver to stay. It takes courage to stay. I am sure I speak for all the single people here when I say that I don’t want to ever lack that courage. I don’t want to lose my best friend and my true love, just because I wanted tostay in control and not take a risk. Even if they walked away, even ifthey ran to the other side of the world, even if I thought that I didn't have a chance in hell, I still want to know that I did everything I couldto make it happen.
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|Get scared later, and if you're scared now remember what Kit always said. If you're not scared, she told me, it's not bravery. And you want to be brave, don't you, Snicket?
Julian Assange|Courage is not the absence of fear. Only fools have no fear. Rather, courage is the intellectual mastery of fear by understanding the true risks and opportunities of the situation and keeping those things in balance
Catherine M. Wilson, A Journey of the Heart|Merin smiled. "I fought in battle and your mother bore two children. Of the two of us, I think she was the courageous one.
Ban Ki-Moon|With her courage and determination, Malala has shown what terrorists fear most: a girl with a book.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|Being genius does not necessarily mean knowing it all or having the highest academic qualification; but a persons ability to apply wisdom and common sense to common things in a distinctive manner and courageously, exhibiting the latent deft to the admiration of the masses
Lawren Leo, Spell to Attract Excitement|The secret to excitement is discovering new paths, and having the courage to take them.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity|The truth is real change begins with your willingness and courage to take the first step forward. Usually, the first step is the most difficult one to take. All resistances and old habits must be eliminated. Deep within you there must be determination to overcome your obstacles. To believe God has something better for you and lean on Him as you persevere.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|I feel as if I could be any thing or every thing, as if I could rant and storm, or sigh, or cut capers in any tragedy or comedy in the English language.
Ged Thompson Liverpool Poet|To hold the courage to let another witness our tears, while refuting fears invitation to shield face, is to grant the most privileged of all loving intimacies to them.
Christopher Hitchens|His importance to the century just past, and therefore his status as a figure in history as well as in literature, derives from the extraordinary salience of the subjects he ‘took on,’ and stayed with, and never abandoned. As a consequence, we commonly use the term ‘Orwellian’ in one of two ways. To describe a state of affairs as ‘Orwellian’ is to imply crushing tyranny and fear and conformism. To describe a piece of writing as ‘Orwellian’ is to recognize that human resistance to these terrors is unquenchable. Not bad for one short lifetime.
Anonymous|To die for a cause is easy, to live, to be steady day after day doing the small things, taking care of the details, knowing you will be forgotten by history and still choosing to do so, that is real courage
Marquita Burke-DeJesus, Radically Ordinary|Bravery is an amazing and aggressive teacher. Its gives me the energy to dive into life, recover from disappointment, and mentally escape whatever locked door holds me in.
Nicole Bonomi|Get better acquainted with yourself, and understand the burning ambitions that dwell within. Be brave enough to follow these. They're your dreams. Follow your dreams. They are your purpose - your purpose will fulfil you. Find it, pursue it, stop at nothing. A happier you makes a happier world.
Ruth Cardello, Taken, Not Spurred|This is what life is about: seeing new places, meeting new people, grabbing life by the balls and squeezing until it coughs up a story worth telling.
Malti Bhojwani|Grow or Die - Don’t let your fear of uncertainty keep you from achieving your dreams, it is far riskier to stagnate.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|When you become healthy, courageous, and hopeful, following your conscience becomes much easier. When people are healthy, courageous, and hopeful, it's difficult to bend their mind and will. They will speak out what they believe, and stand up and do what is right even when it means a loss to them.
Sara Raasch, Snow Like Ashes|I know there are things you aren’t telling me. Big things…Sir, I will find out. I only hope your reasoning is good enough for me to forgive you.
Donna Lynn Hope|We deny more than we confess. We hide more than we reveal. We assume because it makes us feel exposed if we have to ask. It's easier to say "I feel nothing" than to admit "I feel something." It takes no courage to say, "I hate you" but it takes a great deal of moxie to declare its opposite. Masks are elaborate and everyone has one. It takes a while to get to know people. This doesn't make them special, it makes them like everyone else. Sometimes our hearts scream yes while our heads say run; and only one can be obeyed.
Agnostic Zetetic|May we each find in ourselves the courage we forgot we have, to see the beauty we forgot is inside us, while battling the demons we forgot we can slay, on a battlefield we forgot we can win.
Debbie Millman, Look Both Ways: Illustrated Essays on the Intersection of Life and Design|Try not to compromise. So many people don’t do what they really want in their hearts because they feel like they’re not good enough, or they’re not smart enough, or they’re not talented enough… anything. And that doesn’t matter. In order for you to live a remarkable life — in order for you to live a life that is fulfilling — you need to be able to go after what you want. And if you don’t, you’re not going to achieve it — ever.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|Her life is lived through the masterpiece of art, that she cannot draw.
Will Jelbert, The Happiness Animal|We are all born with a muscle for courage, but our education has wasted it away.
Unarine Ramaru|Being focused in life is not only knowing what you want, but also how and why.
Elizabeth Goudge, A City of Bells|He supposed he was one of those unfortunates born with a great capacity for suffering.... He opened his eyes a moment and they were dark with fear, for only one race was run as yet and there might be many others.... Then his newborn courage came back to him and he accepted his suffering as the price he must pay for the gift of creation that was his. And suffering, he had discovered, could be the gateway to renewal, than which no more glorious experience can be man's on earth.
Phoebe Cary|Here’s a hand to the boy who has courageTo do what he knows to be right;When he falls in the way of temptation,He has a hard battle to fight.Who strives against self and his comradeWill find a most powerful foe.All honor to him if he conquers.A cheer for the boy who says, “No!”There’s many a battle fought dailyThe world knows nothing about;There’s many a brave little soldierWhose strength puts a legion to rout.And he who fights sin singlehandedIs more of a hero, I say,Than he who leads soldiers to battleAnd conquers by arms in the fray.Be steadfast, my boy, when you’re tempted,To do what you know to be right.Stand firm by the colors of manhood,And you will o’ercome in the fight.“The right,” be your battle cry everIn waging the warfare of life,And God, who knows who are the heroes,Will give you the strength for the strife.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Frequent risk-takers have had their fair shares of failures and successes, hence, being confident in reaching their goals, they will usually seem insensitive to whether or not they look foolish or cool to other people.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|I have extremely little courage myself, much less than you; but I have found that whenever, after a long struggle, I have screwed my courage up to do something I always felt much freer & happy after it.
Kenneth Patrick Ruscio|I wish for you a more difficult life, somewhere in the complicated center, where the courage of your convictions blends with humility and respect for others.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Lord, thank you for the courage to live life.
C. Brian Kelly, Best Little Stories from the Civil War: More than 100 true stories|Of his first enemy encounter, Gen. Grant said that after his initial fear, "My heart resumed its place." Grant said he suddenly realized his potential enemy he had been "as much afraid of me as I had been of him.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Quotes: Soulfully Inspiring and Uplifting You Daily by Utilizing the Power of Positive Quotes|Strive toward what you know you must achieve, in confident & courageous manner.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Courage, will-power and confidence in your abilities will carry you to greater heights.
Theodore Roosevelt|There were all kinds of things I was afraid of at first, ranging from grizzly bears to ‘mean’ horses and gun-fighters; but by acting as if I was not afraid I gradually ceased to be afraid.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|And one cold Tuesday in December, when Marie-Laure has been blind for over a year, her father walks her up rue Cuvier to the edge of the Jardin des Plantes."Here, ma chérie, is the path we take every morning. Through the cedars up ahead is the Grand Gallery.""I know, Papa."He picks her up and spins her around three times. "Now," he says, "you're going to take us home."Her mouth drops open."I want you to think of the model, Marie.""But I can't possibly!""I'm one step behind you. I won't let anything happen. You have your cane. You know where you are.""I do not!""You do."Exasperation. She cannot even say if the gardens are ahead or behind."Calm yourself, Marie. One centimeter at a time.""I'm far, Papa. Six blocks, at least.""Six blocks is exactly right. Use logic. Which way should we go first?"The world pivots and rumbles. Crows shout, brakes hiss, someone to her left bangs something metal with what might be a hammer. She shuffles forward until the tip of her cane floats in space. The edge of a curb? A pond, a staircase, a cliff? She turns ninety degrees. Three steps forward. Now her cane finds the base of a wall. "Papa?""I'm here."Six paces seven paces eight. A roar of noise - an exterminator just leaving a house, pump bellowing - overtakes them. Twelve paces farther on, the bell tied around the handle of a shop door rings, and two women came out, jostling her as they pass.Marie-Laure drops her cane; she begins to cry. Her father lifts her, holds her to his narrow chest."It's so big," she whispers."You can do this, Marie."She cannot.
Jacob Nordby|We keep waiting to be crowned,Waiting for the world to judge us worthy of offering our brightest, most empowered and beautiful stuff. But that won’t happen. Your next certification or ordination or degree will do nothing for your expression in the world until you accept how unspeakably worthy and valuable you already are to be here and share yourself with us.
Jacob Nordby|The soul of us is never confused about why it is here.It only asks us to wake up and see the breadcrumb clues it has been leaving all along.It asks us to have courage to face the wounds we have been hiding, allow it to heal them and untangle the heavy, snarled patterns.Because the soul of us has no doubt whatever that it can and, if we allow it to express fully, can live a life of such power and joy through us that our human selves will be astonished.
The Weeknd|Once you learn to hit, teach yourself to never miss again.
Michelle Harrison, One Wish|To do something you're afraid of, especially for the sake of somebody else, is the very definition of courage.
Enza Vita|We are all born to fly. Instead, we sit on the branches afraid of the leap into the unknown. But the unknown is where enlightenment lives. Our true nature is the unknown.
J.M. Ledgard, Submergence|But then life is never neat, it is made up of doors and trapdoors. You move down baroque corridors, and even when you think you know which door to open, you still need to have the courage to choose.
Jenny B. Jones|He says that it’s okay to be fearful. That some of God’s strongest warriors were frightened. The difference between a believer and the rest of the world is that we press on. We can be shaking in our boots, but we don’t turn back.
Bruce Crown, Forlorn Passions|It takes courage and strength to be sensitive to things and even more strength and courage to own up to it or be vocal about it. Robots, the only things with a perfect lack of emotional capacity, are easily controlled, and I suddenly realized that’s why the military often trains people to suppress their emotions. Unfortunately for them, humans aren't machines. We feel, we love, we cry, we despair, and we rejoice. Anyone who’s ever tried to convince me not to feel is someone I shouldn’t have trusted. The only reason you should shut off your emotions and emulate a robot is if you're doing horrible things. How fatal my decisions have been. How many people would be loving, rejoicing, and feeling right now rather than crying indefinitely in the depths of the afterlife? If only I’d figured this out sooner.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|When your cause is noble, you shall never know fear.
Quetzal|Even when you find yourself alone and in a 'place' where you feel it has no roads, continue to walk and explore; because in the midst of the unknown lay treasures unreachable to those who chose to stay in their comfort Zone.
B. Dave Walters|I'm not saying it's going to be easy; I'm saying it's going to be worth it. If it was easy, you would've done it by now
Annie F. Downs|Whether you are trying to finish a race or a book or that hard conversation you've been avoiding, the training leading up to that event is what makes it possible to face the fear & walk forward anyway. Quit complaining about discipline & start seeing it as a powerful tool for courageous living.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Anyone who tries to put fear in a heart, has lost their heart to fear.
Jacob Nordby|Life loves to reveal herself to the raw, courageous doubters; to those who are willing to live inside the question.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|One big blow can hit and destroy any strong door in front of you. As for the 1000 feeble blows, they can’t even remove the cobwebs. Courage is the key.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|If a person cannot protect you, it is because you were meant to perfect them.If they cannot perfect you, you are meant to protect them.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The will to dream, the courage to act and the hope to win are the stuffs that make life meaningful! Create the life you wish to live and live it fully!
B. Dave Walters|I'm not saying it's going to be easy; I'm saying it's going to be worth it. If it were easy, you would've done it by now
-Shandel Slaten|To show courage you must be in tune with your core values, understand your own fears and desires, committed to your integrity and tenacious in your ability to live it all in the face of oppostion.
Shannon L. Alder|You have two choices in life when it comes to truthful observations by others that anger you: You can be ashamed and cover it up by letting your pride take you in the extreme opposite direction, in order to make the point that they are wrong. Or, you can break down the walls of pride by accepting vulnerability as a strength, not a weakness. As you walk through your vulnerability, you will meet humility on the way to courage. From here, courage allows us to let go of shame and rise higher into the person we are meant to be, not the person that needs to be right. This is the road to confidence and self worth.
Abraham H. Maslow|We fear our highest possibilities. We are generally afraid to become that which we can glimpse in our most perfect moments, under conditions of great courage. We enjoy and even thrill to godlike possibilities we see in ourselves in such peak moments. And yet we simultaneously shiver with weakness, awe, and fear before these very same possibilities.
Lois Lowry, Son|Go, " he said. "This is your journey, your battle. Be brave. Find your gift. Use it to save what you love.
Shannon L. Alder|Truth was never meant to make you comfortable, unless you stand in the middle of it with acceptance.
Steve Goodier|I'm convinced that the world, more than ever, needs the music only you can make. And if it takes extra courage to keep playing in spite of your loss, many will applaud the effort. And who knows? Others may be inspired to pick up their broken instruments, their broken lives, and begin again.
Anna C. Salter|It is important to refuse to be intimidated. That refusal must not be based simply on a calculation of the odds of succeeding. At times, in my case, multiple lawsuits and an ethics charge seemed overwhelming, and the fact that I knew my work to be accurate and responsible was only partial solace. l was well aware that court, like the National Football League, is an arena in which, on any given Sunday, anybody can win.The refusal to be intimidated must come, in the end, not from a sureness of succeeding but from a knowledge of the cost of scurrying for shelter through fake retractions and disowned truths. It is a question, in the end of self-respect.Who among us could, in good faith, ever face a survivor of childhood abuse again were we to run for cover when pressed ourselves? Children are not permitted that choice, and the adults who choose to work with them and with the survivors they become cannot afford to make it. It would be a choice to become. Through betrayal and deceit, that to which we object.Our alternative, then, is not to hide. Not to refuse to treat adult survivors, not to refuse to go to court in their defense, not to apologize and retract statements we know are true, but to cultivate endurance and tenacity as carefully as we read the research.Confessions of a Whistle-Blower: Lessons Learned Author: Anna C. Salter. Ethics & Behavior, Volume 8, Issue 2 June 1998
Shannon Hale, Midnight in Austenland|Jane Austen had created six heroines, each quite different, and that gave Charlotte courage. There wasn't just one kind of woman to be.
Ryan Lilly|Success = Wisdom + Courage + Discipline. KNOW what to do, be BRAVE enough to do it, and LEAD YOURSELF to doing it again and again.
Jan Cox Speas, Bride of the MacHugh|The honor a man carries in his heart cannot be explained, lass," he said slowly. "Nor can you measure the courage of a man who will not betray his friends, even though he faces disaster himself. We've no right to question, unless we have known the same dilemma and acquitted ourselves with the same integrity.
Sir James Darling|If there is to be any hope for the world, indeed if you really want to find satisfaction and happiness in your life, you must regard the return you will receive as a secondary consideration, if a consideration at all ……seek money first and you will ruin your land, or betray your profession…
Yamamoto Tsunetonmo|lchiyuken was a low class servant in the kitchen of Lord Takanobu. Because of some grudge he had over a matter of wrestling, he cut down seven or eight men and was hence ordered to commit suicide. But when Lord Takanobu heard of this he pardoned the man and said, "In these strife-torn times of our country, brave men are important. This man would seem to be a man of bravery."Consequently, at the time of the action around the Uji River, Lord Takanobu took Ichiyuken along, and the latter earned unrivaled fame, advancing deep into the lead and plundering the enemy every time .At the battle of Takagi, Ichiyuken went so far into the enemy lines that Lord Takanobu felt regret and called him back. Since the vanguard had been unable to advance, only by quickly dashing out was he able to grab Ichiyuken by the sleeve of his armor. At that time Ichiyuken's head had suffered many wounds, but he had stopped them up with preen leaves which he bound with a thin towel.
Bede Jarrett|May He give usall the courage that we needto go the way He shepherds us.That when He callswe may go unfrightened. If He bids us come to Himacross the waters,that unfrightened we may go. And if He bids us climb a hill,may we not notice that it is a hill,mindful only ofthe happiness of His company. He made us for Himself,that we should travel with Himand see Him at the lastin His unveiled beautyin the abiding city whereHe is lightand happinessand endless home.
Andrew Krivak, The Sojourn|Like the body, courage, too, is a thing weakened, especially when we are young and invincible. We can't give one the rest it needs and expect the other to protect us. Don't anger Nature with talk of wishing she had chosen differently. See to your own nature.
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?|When you find yourself in need of courage, remember that it is your faith, not your spine, that needs strengthening! And your faith will be strengthened when you read the Bible, the only book with proven credibility to give you the courage to heal your disconnections and face your future with hope and confidence.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|In some situations, no one has courage to challenge the reason. Since faith causes the reasoning to evaporate.
Shannon L. Alder|God has a way of picking a “nobody” and turning their world upside down, in order to create a “somebody” that will remove the obstacles they encountered out of the pathway for others.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Is it a weakness not being able to hate? Or is it preparation for what is inevitable, the ability only to love.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|To win or lose often depends on set parameters. Expand the bounds of what is possible, and you may come out the true winner, outside the confines of its defining.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Time is an illusion, only the keepers of the illusion are real, and the reality they have spun, keeps us, until we set upon the path of the dream.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Let go and go beyond living the dream, by dreaming the reality, into a reality beyond the dream.
Red Haircrow|Whatever your difficulty, whatever your hardship in life: Dance and make the song you sing your prayer. Sing it courageously, and with each step strengthen yourself with the knowledge and wisdom of your elders, so that whatever next happens, you can survive and not lose your rhythm.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|My goal is not to upset the apple cart, but to make it more accessible.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|In these times where it has seemed dark indeedwhere integrity appears solely buried in legend and lore, it is an opportunity in contrast to the shadows, to create miracles...by choosing first courage, then diligence, standing, opening our mouth and speaking the truth that in rare moments, may ignite the light.
Brené Brown|Courage has a ripple effect. Every time we choose courage, we make everyone around us a little better and the world a little braver. And our world could stand to be a little kinder and braver.
Mignon McLaughlin|Courage can't see around corners, but goes around them anyway.
Sonya Hartnett, The Silver Donkey|They thought back on the tales that the soldier had told. They remembered Hazel, the gentle Bethlehem donkey, who used the last of her strength helping those who needed her. They remembered the donkey who stood on the mountain and accepted suffering so that others would not know pain. They remembered the donkey with a hundred names, the sturdy friend of Jack who proved that the most humble being can have the most courageous heart. They gazed at the soldier, who said, 'I fear that John will be sorry he gave the silver donkey to me. The silver donkey belongs to the trustworthy and the brave.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|More and more obstacles seem to be other people's issues that form in the way of a hand to block one, to take notice of them? Sometimes noticing ahead of time, and taking the time to notice them, makes the hand part of an arm that embraces you. The obstacles become bridges for both to cross over, even if in opposite directions.
Jean Hamilton-Fford, Play.Create.Succeed.|On one side of accountability is courage, on the other is freedom.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|The only way I could conceive of waving a white flag, would be during the process of folding it, so to be used as a napkin later, at our victory dinner.
Sandra Sealy|Thankfully existing only in SMALL pockets within our discipline, is “intellectual” snobbery. It’s a hushed but ugly truth that people are made to feel not worthy to be among a certain set – didn’t attend the right school or don’t have the requisite abbreviations to follow their name. I know what that feels like. Good thing I'm pigheaded, have a bigger vision and committed to my craft, or I would’ve succumbed to it long ago. That is why when I meet an emerging writer who’s serious about developing their craft, I try to encourage them as much as I can. I say IGNORE the highbrow cliques and prove your mettle by growing, accepting balanced feedback and most of all, creating work that will stand the test of time. Period.
Jennifer duBois, Cartwheel|Forgiveness was work, Eduardo told victims' families--but so, then, was love, and deciding what was right, and defending it. Recusing yourself from judgment so you won't be tainted by the aggressor's sin is the same as turning away from empathy so you won't be touched by the victim's pain.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|The most important experiences of a man are those which take him to his or her limit.To learn beyond that, one needs to accumulate all the courage and expand his limits.Sex, pain and love are all extreme experiences. Dreaming big is another such extreme experience.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Walk on with the spirit of boldness; talk on with the glory of confidence. You have a mandated seal on your chest... When you go with a bold chest, the devil and his cohorts must give way!
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|To the extent a man can control chaos, he should put his testicles on the line and do so, but when a man can't, he should just step aside, or someone in the lineup behind him is gonna bite his ass.
Shandel Slaten - Clarity Focusing On What Matters|Risk may bring pain, but risk also brings freedom and reward.
Stacy Snapp Killian aka StacyK|Our soul contains energy, transformed into Spirit, expressing dreams and thoughts through works of the mind.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|Until we see the 'this- advantage' in the disadvantage we shall always be looking at the disadvantages in life. life does not present us with disadvantages, it gives us 'this- advantages' to take. It is only because of excuses and low courage that we regard 'this advantages' as disadvantages
Nancy Arroyo Ruffin, Letters to My Daughter: A Collection of Short Stories and Poems about Love, Pride, and Identity|Do not be afraid to color outside the lines. Take risks and do not be afraid to fail. Know that when the world knocks you down, the best revenge is to get up and continue forging ahead.Do not be afraid to be different or to stand up for what's right. Never quiet your voice to make someone else feel comfortable. No one remembers the person that fits in. It's the one who stands out that people will not be able to forget.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|She was enfolded in the great wings of Mrs. Whatsit and she felt comfort and strength pouring through her. Mrs. Whatsit was not speaking aloud, and yet through the wings Meg understood words."My child, do not despair. Do you think we would have brought you here if there was no hope? We are asking you to do a difficult thing, but we are confident that you can do it. Your father needs help, he needs courage, and for his children he may be able to do what he cannot do for himself.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|We want them to see their home planet," Mrs. Whatsit said. The Medium lost the delighted smile she had worn till then. "Oh, why must you make me look at unpleasant things when there are so many delightful ones to see?"Again Mrs. Which's voice reverberated through the cave. "There will no longer be so many pleasant things to look at if responsible people do not do something about the unpleasant ones.
Stephanie Kingsmore|Discovering what you want out of life is hard, having the courage to full fill it is even harder!
J Donald Walters|You will find peace not by trying to escape your problems, but by confronting them courageously. You will find peace not in denial, but in victory.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|We are going to your father," Mrs. Which said. "But where is he?" Meg went over to Mrs. Which and stamped as though she were as young as Charles Wallace. Mrs. Whatsit answered in a voice that was low but quite firm. "On a planet that has given in. So you must prepare to be very strong.
Amit Kalantri|We all were courageous in the starting moments, few of us stayed courageous till the final moments and the world called them successful men.
Shashank Rayal|No one here to count your Qualities, but everyone is good enough to point out your Mistakes.
Randy Hain, Journey to Heaven: A Road Map for Catholic Men|My brothers, we have a special and distinct role as Christian men, fathers, husbands, and leaders in the family, in the Church, and in society at large. If we don’t step up, we run the risk of seeing our families overrun and absorbed by the surrounding culture. This is not acceptable. Start with prayer. Be faithful, be consistent, have courage, show humility, and remember . . . we are made for a heavenly home and not this world.
Thomas Narofsky, F(X) Leadership Unleashed!|Leadership begins inside of you. Leadership is about you, the people you influence and a belief that you can make a difference and have an impact. Leadership starts with a condition of the heart – the desire and passion to make a difference before it moves to the brain to implement a plan to make a difference. It is an inside-out process and is shaped by your values, character, choices, opportunities, experiences and your worldview
Stephanie Kingsmore|Figuring out what you want out of life is hard. Having the courage to full fill it, is even harder.
Thomas Narofsky, F(X) Leadership Unleashed!|We need leaders who can meet and adapt to new challenges, build strategic partnerships, build and sustain human capital organizations, and have the courage to act and react to the challenges
Stephanie Kingsmore|Figuring out what you want in life is hard, having the courage to full fill it is even harder!
Stephanie Kingsmore|Figuring out what you want in life is hard, having the courage to fulfill it is even harder!
Thomas Narofsky, You are Unstoppable!: Unleash Your Inspired Life|We were meant to live courageous and bold lives and not lives of mediocrity. However, we have to live our lives actively and on purpose each day to be unstoppable.
Sally Bedell Smith, Grace and Power: The Private World of the Kennedy White House|Asked to explain how he became a war hero he (Kennedy) responded, "It was involuntary. They think my boat.
Brené Brown|If you're thinking, 'Great! I just need to be a superhero to fight perfectionism,' I understand. Courage, compassion, and connection seem like big, lofty ideals. But in reality, they are daily practices that, when exercised enough, become these incredible gifts in our lives. And the good news is that our vulnerabilities are what force us to call upon these amazing tools. Because we're human and so beautifully imperfect, we get to practice using our tools on a daily basis. In this way, courage, compassion, and connection become gifts - the gifts of imperfection.
Eloise Jarvis McGraw, Mara, Daughter of the Nile|Blue-Eyed One, never again shall you cover your shoulders. I declare your scars to be medals of gallantry great than any I could bestow, and it is my will that all the Black Land look upon them, and learn the nature of courage.
Marci G. Fox, Think Confident, Be Confident for Teens: A Cognitive Therapy Guide to Overcoming Self-Doubt and Creating Unshakable Self-Esteem|If you don’t want to get stuck where you don’t want to be, have the courage to do difficult things.
J.H. Lee|Cowgirl Courage isn't the lack of fear, but the courage to take action in the face of fear.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Who we are and how we engage with the world are much stronger predictors of how our children will do than what we know about parenting. In terms of teaching our children to dare greatly in the "never enough" culture, the question isn't so much "Are you parenting the right way?" as it is: "Are you the adult that you want your child to grow up to be?
Nihar Sharma, Hijacked!|I’m taking the leap, I’m learning to fly.
Jack Gilbert|The Poles rode out from Warsaw against the German Tanks on horses. Rode knowing, in sunlight, with sabers, A magnitude of beauty that allows me no peace. And yet this poem would lessen that day. Question The bravery. Say it's not courage. Call it a passion. Would say courage isn't that. Not at its best. It was impossib1e, and with form. They rode in sunlight, Were mangled. But I say courage is not the abnormal. Not the marvelous act. Not Macbeth with fine speeches. The worthless can manage in public, or for the moment. It is too near the whore's heart: the bounty of impulse, And the failure to sustain even small kindness. Not the marvelous act, but the evident conclusion of being. Not strangeness, but a leap forward of the same quality. Accomplishment. The even loyalty. But fresh. Not the Prodigal Son, nor Faustus. But Penelope. The thing steady and clear. Then the crescendo. The real form. The culmination. And the exceeding. Not the surprise. The amazed understanding. The marriage, Not the month's rapture. Not the exception. The beauty That is of many days. Steady and clear. It is the normal excellence, of long accomplishment.
Jodi Picoult, Between the Lines|...courage wasn’t something you were bequeathed at birth, and it wasn’t a lack of fright. It was overcoming your fear, because the ones you love mattered more.
Sharon Robinson, Jackie's Nine: Jackie Robinson's Values to Live By: Becoming Your Best Self|A champion, he said, wins a World Series or an Olympic and is hoisted on the shoulders of teammates and fans. A hero carries the people on his shoulders. Champions live for the moment- heroes, like Jackie Robinson, transcend time.
Peggy M. McAloon, Elle Burton and the Reflective Portals|Elle, you have a pure heart. You possess love and compassion for your friends and for people you have never met. You have made a huge difference in the lives of fifteen widows and their children. Those children will now grow up safely and be able to provide opportunities for their own children and grandchildren someday. In the end, you will have made a difference in thousands of lives. That is no small feat.
Benjamin Suulola|When you are overwhelmed by your circumstances and it seems things are getting tougher, remember that God is still faithful and His faithfulness endures forever.
Louise Hayes, Get Out of Your Mind and Into Your Life for Teens: A Guide to Living an Extraordinary Life|When people tell you that you can’t live your way, don’t believe them.
Benjamin Suulola|As long you are still living, you can achieve far more than you could ever imagined
Maya Angelou|Continue to be bold, courageous. Try to chose the wisest thing and once you’ve chosen the wisest thing go out and try to achieve it. Be it.
C.M. Stunich, Craving Me, Desiring You|To be brave, you have to fight against something that scares you. That's the rule.
Billy Marshall Stoneking|A mistake is the name we give to any action in which we perceive a difference between what we intended and what has occurred. Intention fuels every dramatic action, including the writing of dramatic stories, which involves a series of dramatic actions. In the course of writing, or finding, the story that wants to get itself told, it behooves the writer to liberate the characters by finding the faith and courage necessary for setting aside one’s own conscious needs and expectations. Not to do so promotes ‘mistakes’ - i.e: confusion born of some incoherence in the emotional logic of the story). As the writer abandons his/her intentions - no matter how noble they may seem - only then does that most strange and ineffable quality we so casually refer to as ‘the magic’ have a chance of entering the story, and rendering even the ‘mistakes’ stimulating, daring and provocative.
Jack Kerouac|My fault, my failure, is not in the passions I have, but in my lack of control of them.
Giacomo Casanova|Be the flame, not the moth.
Joss Whedon|Passion. It lies in all of us. Sleeping... waiting... and though unwanted, unbidden, it will stir... open its jaws and howl. It speaks to us... guides us. Passion rules us all. And we obey. What other choice do we have? Passion is the source of our finest moments. The joy of love... the clarity of hatred... the ecstasy of grief. It hurts sometimes more than we can bear. If we could live without passion, maybe we'd know some kind of peace. But we would be hollow. Empty rooms, shuttered and dank. Without passion, we'd be truly dead.
Vincent van Gogh|A great fire burns within me, but no one stops to warm themselves at it, and passers-by only see a wisp of smoke
Paulo Coelho|Anyone who is observant, who discovers the person they have always dreamed of, knows that sexual energy comes into play before sex even takes place. The greatest pleasure isn't sex, but the passion with which it is practiced. When the passion is intense, then sex joins in to complete the dance, but it is never the principal aim.
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|Passion has little to do with euphoria and everything to do with patience. It is not about feeling good. It is about endurance. Like patience, passion comes from the same Latin root: pati. It does not mean to flow with exuberance. It means to suffer.
Lisa Kleypas, A Wallflower Christmas|The letter had been crumpled up and tossed onto the grate. It had burned all around the edges, so the names at the top and bottom had gone up in smoke. But there was enough of the bold black scrawl to reveal that it had indeed been a love letter. And as Hannah read the singed and half-destroyed parchment, she was forced to turn away to hide the trembling of her
Lauren Kate, Passion|I'll always choose you." Yes that was the word. "Every single lifetime, I'll choose you. Just as you have always chosen me. Forever.
Jim Butcher, White Night|Anger is just anger. It isn't good. It isn't bad. It just is. What you do with it is what matters. It's like anything else. You can use it to build or to destroy. You just have to make the choice."Constructive anger," the demon said, her voice dripping sarcasm. Also known as passion," I said quietly. "Passion has overthrown tyrants and freed prisoners and slaves. Passion has brought justice where there was savagery. Passion has created freedom where there was nothing but fear. Passion has helped souls rise from the ashes of their horrible lives and build something better, stronger, more beautiful.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Always! That is a dreadful word. It makes me shudder when I hear it. Women are so fond of using it. They spoil every romance by trying to make it last forever. It is a meaningless word, too. The only difference between a caprice and a life-long passion is that the caprice lasts a little longer.
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|Why am I covered in feathers?" I asked, confused. He exhaled impatiently. "I bit a pillow. Or two...
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|When I have neither pleasure nor pain and have been breathing for a while the lukewarm insipid air of these so called good and tolerable days, I feel so bad in my childish soul that I smash my moldering lyre of thanksgiving in the face of the slumbering god of contentment and would rather feel the very devil burn in me than this warmth of a well-heated room. A wild longing for strong emotions and sensations seethes in me, a rage against this toneless, flat, normal and sterile life. I have a mad impulse to smash something, a warehouse, perhaps, or a cathedral, or myself, to commit outrages, to pull off the wigs of a few revered idols...
Gautama Buddha|There is no fire like passion, there is no shark like hatred, there is no snare like folly, there is no torrent like greed.
Lauren Kate, Passion|I’ll love you with all my heart, in every life, through every death. Iwill not be bound by anything but my love for you.
Alexander Pope, Essay on Man and Other Poems|What Reason weaves, by Passion is undone.
James Joyce, Dubliners|One by one they were all becoming shades. Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
Anaïs Nin, A Literate Passion: Letters of Anaïs Nin  Henry Miller, 1932-1953|Before, as soon as I came home from all sorts of places I would sit down and write in my journal. Now I want to write you, talk with you... I love when you say all that happens is good, it is good. I say all that happens is wonderful. For me it is all symphonic, and I am so aroused by living - god, Henry, in you alone I have found the same swelling of enthusiasm, the same quick rising of the blood, the fullness... Before, I almost used to think there was something wrong. Everybody else seemed to have the brakes on... I never feel the brakes. I overflow. And when I feel your excitement about life flaring, next to mine, then it makes me dizzy.
Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus|He was jealous of her future, and she of his past.
Hayao Miyazaki|Many of my movies have strong female leads- brave, self-sufficient girls that don't think twice about fighting for what they believe with all their heart. They'll need a friend, or a supporter, but never a savior. Any woman is just as capable of being a hero as any man.
Werner Herzog|Academia is the death of cinema. It is the very opposite of passion. Film is not the art of scholars, but of illiterates.
Jennifer Salaiz|The eyes are one of the most powerful tools a woman can have. With one look, she can relay the most intimate message. After the connection is made, words cease to exist. 
John  Adams, The Portable John Adams|Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passion, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.
Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise|I love you, he thought, looking at Win. I love every part of you, every thought and word... the entire complex, fascinating bundle of all the things you are. I want you with ten different kinds of need at once. I love all the seasons of you, the way you are now, the thought of how much more beautiful you'll be in the decades to come. I love you for being the answer to every question my heart could ask.And it seemed so easy, once he capitulated. It seemed natural and right.Kev wasn't certain if he was surrendering to Win or to his own passion for her. Only that there was no more holding back. He would take her. And he would give her everything he had, every part of his soul, even the broken pieces.
Lisa Kleypas, Dreaming of You|Derek's breath touched Sara's throat in unsteady urges. "Sometimes," he whispered, "I'm so close to you ... and I'm still not close enough. I want to share your breath ... every beat of your heart."He cradled her head in both his hands, his mouth hot on her neck. "Sometimes," he murmured, "I want to punish you a little.""Why?""For making me want you until I ache with it. For the way I wake at night just to watch you sleeping." His face was intense and passionate above her, his green eyes sharp in their brightness. "I want you more each time I'm with you. It's a fever that never leaves me. I can't be alone without wondering where you are, when I can have you again." His lips possessed hers in a kiss that was both savage and tender, and she opened to him eagerly.
Coco J. Ginger|Maybe she had it wrong all this time and her empty heart could never be filled by his ingenious broken spirit. Maybe this yearning had nothing to do with him, and everything to do with her.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|Who taught you to write in blood on my back? Who taught you to use your hands as branding irons? You have scored your name into my shoulders, referenced me with your mark. The pads of your fingers have become printing blocks, you tap a message on to my skin, tap meaning into my body.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|She stood before him and surrendered herself to him and sky, forest, and brook all came toward him in new and resplendent colors, belonged to him, and spoke to him in his own language. And instead of merely winning a woman he embraced the entire world and every star in heaven glowed within him and sparkled with joy in his soul. He had loved and had found himself. But most people love to lose themselves.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|My eyes were dazed by you for a little, and that was all.
Wendy Higgins, Sweet Peril|He opened his eyes to reveal the storm within him. “My every instinct is telling me to have my way with you.” He was dead serious and my cheeks heated. Fire shone in his eyes and I broke eye contact, burying my face into his cotton-covered chest. “But not nearly as difficult as going all this time without you,” he said.
Stefan Zweig, The Burning Secret and other stories|She was at that crucial age when a women begins to regret having stayed faithful to a husband she never really loved, when the glowing sunset colors of her beauty offer her one last, urgent choice between maternal and feminine love. At such a moment a life that seemed to have chosen its course long ago is questioned once again, for the last time the magic compass needle of the will hovers between final resignation and the hope of erotic experience.
Annie Dillard|I think it would be well, and proper, and obedient, and pure, to grasp your one necessity and not let it go, to dangle from it limp wherever it takes you.
John Galsworthy, The Forsyte Saga|Love is not a hot-house flower, but a wild plant, born of a wet night, born of an hour of sunshine; sprung from wild seed, blown along the road by a wild wind. A wild plant that, when it blooms by chance within the hedge of our gardens, we call a flower; and when it blooms outside we call a weed; but, flower or weed, whose scent and colour are always, wild!
Martin Luther King Jr.|Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable... Every step toward the goal of justice requires sacrifice, suffering, and struggle; the tireless exertions and passionate concern of dedicated individuals.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|She arches her body like a cat on a stretch. She nuzzles her cunt into my face like a filly at the gate. She smells of the sea. She smells of rockpools when I was a child. She keeps a starfish in there. I crouch down to taste the salt, to run my fingers around the rim. She opens and shuts like a sea anemone. She's refilled each day with fresh tides of longing.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|It is an uneasy lot at best, to be what we call highly taught and yet not to enjoy: to be present at this great spectacle of life and never to be liberated from a small hungry shivering self—never to be fully possessed by the glory we behold, never to have our consciousness rapturously transformed into the vividness of a thought, the ardor of a passion, the energy of an action, but always to be scholarly and uninspired, ambitious and timid, scrupulous and dim-sighted.
Tiffany Madison, Black and White|If we don't fight for what we 'stand for' with our passionate words and honest actions, do we really 'stand' for anything?
Charles Dickens, The Mystery of Edwin Drood|I loved you madly; in the distasteful work of the day, in the wakeful misery of the night, girded by sordid realities, or wandering through Paradises and Hells of visions into which I rushed, carrying your image in my arms, I loved you madly.
Coco J. Ginger|Now he was nothing to her, just a lesson in time, a wicked boy-man, incapable of wealth or prestige.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|It's possible, and I stress possible, that such a moment may never come: you may not fall in love, you may not be able to or you may not wish to give your whole life to anyone, and, like me, you may turn forty-five one day and realize that you're no longer young and you have never found a choir of cupids with lyres or a bed of white roses leading to the altar. The only revenge left for you then will be to steal from life the pleasure of firm and passionate flesh - a pleasure that evaporates faster than good intentions and is the nearest thing to heaven you will find in this stinking world where everything decays, beginning with beauty and ending with memory.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|That was the real secret of the Tarahumara: they'd never forgotten what it felt like to love running. They remembered that running was mankind's first fine art, our original act of inspired creation. Way before we were scratching pictures on caves or beating rhythms on hollow trees, we were perfecting the art of combining our breath and mind and muscles into fluid self-propulsion over wild terrain. And when our ancestors finally did make their first cave paintings, what were the first designs? A downward slash, lightning bolts through the bottom and middle--behold, the Running Man.Distance running was revered because it was indispensable; it was the way we survived and thrived and spread across the planet. You ran to eat and to avoid being eaten; you ran to find a mate and impress her, and with her you ran off to start a new life together. You had to love running, or you wouldn't live to love anything else. And like everyhing else we ove--everything we sentimentally call our 'passions' and 'desires' it's really an encoded ancestral necessity. We were born to run; we were born because we run. We're all Running People, as the Tarahumara have always known.
James Frey, My Friend Leonard|Gauguin was a stockbroker in Paris, married, had five kids. One day he came home from work and told his wife he was leaving, that he was through supporting the family, that he had had enough. Just like that he fucking took off. He said he had always felt that he was a painter, so he moved to a rat-infested shithole and started painting. His wife begged him to come back, his bosses told him he was insane, he didn't care, he was following his heart. He left Paris, moved to Rouen, went from Rouen to Arles, from Arles to Tahiti. He was searching for peace, contentment, trying to fill that fucking hole he felt inside, and he believed he could fill it. He died in Tahiti, blind and crazy from syphilis, but he did it. He filled his fucking hole, made beautiful work, made beautiful, beautiful work... It takes a brave man to walk away, to care so much that he doesn't care about anything else, to be willing to obey what he feels inside, to be willing to suffer the consequences of living for himself. Every time I stand before his work it makes me cry, and I cry because I'm proud of him, and happy for him, and because I admire him.
J. Kenner, Release Me|Do you know what passion is?”I blink, confused.“Most people think it only means desire. Arousal. Wild abandon. But that’s not all. The word derives from the Latin. It means suffering. Submission. Pain and pleasure, Nikki. Passion.
Laura Esquivel|Each of us is born with a box of matches inside us but we can't strike them all by ourselves; just as in the experiment, we need oxygen and a candle to help. In this case, the oxygen, for example, would come from the breath of the person you love; the candle could be any kind of food, music, caress, word, or sound that engenders the explosion that lights one of the matches.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|And she felt as though she had been there, on that bench, for an eternity. For an infinity of passion can be contained in one minute, like a crowd in a small space.
Lauren Kate, Passion|LUCE: You really beleive this? That someday I'll live through this?DANIEL: With all my heart and soul, I will wait for you as long as it takes. I will love you every moment across time.-Daniel & Luce, PASSION
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|His sudden mad love for Sibyl Vane was a psychological phenomenon of no small interest. There was no doubt that curiosity had much to do with it, curiosity and the desire for new experiences; yet it was not a simple but rather a very complex passion.
Tim Burton|Maybe it’s just in America, but it seems that if you’re passionate about something, it freaks people out. You’re considered bizarre or eccentric. To me, it just means you know who you are.
Rachel Vincent, Alpha|I want to kiss you.” Jace’s whisper pulled me from my thoughts and I glanced up to find his eyes blazing with raw need. “Just because Marc won’t touch you doesn’t mean I shouldn’t. Right? I don’t have that kind of self-control, and honestly, I don’t see the point in it. Are you supposed to be impressed by how long we can go without touching you? ’Cause if that’s the game we’re playing, I think I’d rather lose.
Amy Jenkins|Oh I believe in loving cats and dogs and children and parents – sometimes – but I don’t believe in romantic love. Of course, there’s the momentary rush of hormones and chemicals that encourages us to mate, but it’s biology – it’s no more inherently mystical than the nicotine in that cigarette you’re smoking
Mario Puzo, Fools Die|Let us be separated by wars and pestilence, death, madness but not by the passing of time.
Graham Greene|Hatred seems to work on the same glands as love: it even produces the same actions. If we had not been taught how to interpret the story of the Passion, would we have been able to say from their actions alone whether it was the jealous Judas or the cowardly Peter who loved Christ?
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|They loved each other, not driven by necessity, by the "blaze of passion" often falsely ascribed to love. They loved each other because everything around them willed it, the trees and the clouds and the sky over their heads and the earth under their feet.
John Keats, Bright Star: Love Letters and Poems of John Keats to Fanny Brawne|Bright star, would I were stedfast as thou art--Not in lone splendour hung aloft the nightAnd watching, with eternal lids apart,Like nature's patient, sleepless Eremite,The moving waters at their priestlike taskOf pure ablution round earth's human shores,Or gazing on the new soft-fallen maskOf snow upon the mountains and the moors--No--yet still stedfast, still unchangeable,Pillow'd upon my fair love's ripening breast,To feel for ever its soft fall and swell,Awake for ever in a sweet unrest,Still, still to hear her tender-taken breath,And so live ever--or else swoon to death. Glanzvoller Stern! wär ich so stet wie du,Nicht hing ich nachts in einsam stolzer Pracht!SchautŽ nicht mit ewigem Blick beiseite zu,Einsiedler der Natur, auf hoher WachtBeim Priesterwerk der Reinigung, das die See,Die wogende, vollbringt am Meeresstrand;Noch starrt ich auf die Maske, die der SchneeSanft fallend frisch um Berg und Moore band.Nein, doch unwandelbar und unentwegtMöchtŽ ruhn ich an der Liebsten weicher Brust,Zu fühlen, wie es wogend dort sich regt,Zu wachen ewig in unruhiger Lust,Zu lauschen auf des Atems sanftes Wehen -So ewig leben - sonst im Tod vergehen!
Jack Whyte, Uther|She knew exactly how he was feeling, because experience had taught her that the kind of excitement she was feeling at that moment was never, ever one-sided. On the contrary, she knew that it was born of acute and mutual anticipation, and she knew, too, that it would not be denied.
Lauren Kate|One day, our love will conquer this dark circle. That's worth everything to me
Diane di Prima|It is still news to her that passioncould steer her wrongthough she went down, a thousand timesstrung outacross railroad tracks, off bridgesunder cars, or stiffglass bottle still in hand, hair softon greasy pillows, still it isnews she cannot follow love (hisburning footsteps in blue crystalsnow) & stillcome out all right.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The greater ignorance towards a country is not ignoring what its politicians have to say, it is ignoring what the inmates in its prisons have to say.
Joyce Carol Oates, Faithless|Adriana loved even the rank animal smell of the man's body, her sweat-slicked breasts and belly flattened beneath him, and her arms and legs clutching him as a drowning woman might clutch another person to save her life. Don't don't don't don't leave me. DON'T LEAVE ME. As in animal copulation the frenzy is to be locked together not out of sentiment or choice but physical compulsion. As if bolts of electric current ran through both their bodies and would only release them from each other when it ceased.
Mervyn Peake, Collected Poems|I, while the gods laugh, the world's vortex am;Maelström of passions in that hidden seaWhose waves of all-time lap the coasts of me;And in small compass the dark waters
Morgan Llywelyn, Lion of Ireland|He took her into his arms again, using all his strength to be gentle, and let his lips touch hers so lightly he could hardly feel it.
Arthur Conan Doyle|Accounts are not quite settled between us," said she, with a passion that equaled my own. "I can love, and I can hate. You had your choice. You chose to spurn the first; now you must test the other.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|Infatuation. First Love. Lust. My passion can be explained away. But this is sure: Whatever she touches, she reveals.
Francesco Petrarca, Canzoniere: Selected Poems|I freeze and burn, love is bitter and sweet, my sighs are tempests and my tears are floods, I am in ecstasy and agony, I am possessed by memories of her and I am in exile from myself.
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|Ed?" Ritchie says later. We're still standing in the water. "There's only one thing I want.""What's that, Ritchie?"His answer is simple."To want.
Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging|The engaged mind, illuminated by truth, awakens awareness; the engaged heart, affected by love, awakens passion. May I say once more - this essential energy of the soul is not an ecstatic trance, high emotion or a sanguine stance toward life: It is a fierce longing for God, an unyielding resolve to live in and out of our belovedness. - pg. 152
Helen Hunt Jackson|Bee to the blossom, moth to the flame; Each to his passion; what's in a name? 
Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey|This assumption that she need look for no more devotion now that her beauty had passed proceeded from the fact that she had never realized any love save love as passion. Such love, though it expends itself in generosity and thoughtfulness, though it give birth to visions and to great poetry, remains among the sharpest expressions of self-interest. Not until it has passed through a long servitude, through its own self-hatred, through mockery, through great doubts, can it take its place among the loyalties. Many who have spent a lifetime in it can tell us less of love than the child that lost a dog yesterday.
Thomas Mann|For passion, like crime does not sit well with the sure order and even course of everyday life. It welcomes every loosening of the social fabric, every confusion and affliction visited upon the world, for passion sees in such a disorder a vague hope of finding advantage for itself.
Coco J. Ginger|She had missed him so long now, that the feeling had become a part of her. As each day passed, the missing distanced itself from her heart. One day she woke, and realized the missing was there but the pain was gone. Missing without pain is tolerable. Pain linked to heartache is intolerable.
Clarice Lispector|Love is now, is always. All that is missing is the coup de grâce- which is called passion.
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|My skin will never work like that again, so aware of the other person that I'm unsure where she ends and I begin. Never again. Never again will my skin be a thing that can so perfectly communicate; in losing my skin to the fire, I also lost the opportunity to make it disappear with another person.
Brenna Yovanoff|In his youth, he was electrified. The stars were moving in his bloodstream. He would not have been cowed by the customs of an earthly monarch. When he loved, it was with a heat and a desperation that he carried like a sword. He loved in the way that Greeks burned cities.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Your reason and your passion are the rudder and the sails of your seafaring soul.For reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and passion, unattended, is a flame that burns to its own destruction.Therefore let your soul exalt your reason to the height of passion, that it may sing;And let it direct your passion with reason, that your passion may livethrough its own daily resurrection, and like the phoenix rise above its own ashes.And since you are a breath in God’s sphere, and a leaf in God’s forest, you too should rest in reason and move in passion.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|You have a dress with a décolletage to emphasise your breasts. I suppose the cleavage is the proper focus but what I wanted to do was to fasten my index finger and thumb at the bolts of your collar bone, push out, spreading the web of my hand until it caught against your throat. You asked me if I wanted to strangle you. No, I wanted to fit you, not just in the obvious ways but in so many indentations.
Patricia A. McKillip, The Forgotten Beasts of Eld|I thought of you with your hair silver as snow all through that cold, slow journey from Sirle. I felt you troubled deep within me, and there was no other place in the world I would rather have been than in the cold night riding to you. When you opened your gates to me, I was home.
Italo Calvino, Difficult Loves|You only have to start saying of something : 'Ah, how beautiful ! We must photograph it !' and you are already close to the view of the person who thinks that everything that is not photographed is lost, as if it never existed, and therefore in order to really live you must photograph as much as you can, and to photograph as much as you can you must either live in the most photographable way possible, or else consider photographable every moment of your life.
Coco J. Ginger|She wanted to write to him. Tell him she was glad he was back, that he was alive, that he was home and safe. But words to him no longer fit right in her her mouth.Words which belonged in his ownership were no longer hers to give. Silence was the only acceptable state her heart would grant. He would never know what he missed, because she refused to be heard in his presence. All the words he could have had, all the phrases he might have danced with. The smiles which would have been imprinted upon his heart, would never be. And his lips would never be able to reply to the words she could not say.
Anne Rice, Blackwood Farm|I am in love with you', I responded.He laughed the most beguiling and gentle laugh.'Of course you are,' he replied. 'I understand perfectly because I'm in love with myself. The fact that I'm not transfixed in front of the nearest mirror takes a great deal of self-control.'It was my turn to laugh.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|Lovers are not at their best when it matters. Mouths dry up, palms sweat, conversation flags and all the time the heart is threatening to fly from the body once and for all. Lovers have been known to have heart attacks. Lovers drink too much from nervousness and cannot perform. They eat too little and faint during their fervently wished consummation. They do not stroke the favoured cat and their face-paint comes loose. This is not all. Whatever you have set store by, your dress, your dinner, your poetry, will go wrong.How is it that one day life is orderly and you are content, a little cynical perhaps, but on the whole just so, and then without warning you find the solid floor is a trapdoor and you are now in another place whose geography is uncertain and whose customs are strange?Travellers at least have a choice. Those who set sail know that things will not be the same as at home. Explorers are prepared. But for us, who travel along the blood vessels, who come to the cities of the interior by chance, there is no preparation. We who were fluent find life is a foreign language. Somewhere between the swamp and the mountains. Somewhere between fear and sex. Somewhere between God and the Devil passion is and the way there is sudden and the way back is worse.
Israelmore Ayivor|Compassion is a lifetime business. You can't say something like, "I will have compassion on Monday, Thursdays and Fridays only. But for the rest, I will be cruel". That is hypocrisy.
Jeanette Winterson, The Powerbook|The tamer my love, the farther away it is from love. In fierceness, in heat, in longing, in risk, I find something of love's nature. In my desire for you, I burn at the right temperature to walk through love's fire. So when you ask me why I cannot love you more calmly, I answer that to love you calmly is not to love you at all.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you have no good drive in you, your life will not be steered through a good direction. It will miss its destined station. Passion or drive is what moves the vehicle of a fulfilled life.
Jacqueline Novogratz, The Blue Sweater: Bridging the Gap Between Rich and Poor in an Interconnected World|Why do some people stop growing at age 30, just going from work to the couch and television, when others stay vibrant, curious, almost childlike into their nineties?
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Never allow anything to divert you from your insight into Jesus Christ. It is the true test of whether you are spiritual or not. To be unspiritual means that other things have a growing fascination for you. Since mine eyes have looked on Jesus, I’ve lost sight of all beside, So enchained my spirit’s vision, Gazing on the Crucified.
John  Adams|When writing the constitution for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, John Adams wrote:I must judge for myself, but how can I judge, how can any man judge, unless his mind has been opened and enlarged by reading.
Guillaume Musso, Que serais-je sans toi?|A rare, deep and passionate love.
Cassia Leo, The Way We Fall|We may only ever have one great, passionate love, but sometimes it’s best to leave that kind of love in the past. A love like that can’t last forever.
Randy Komisar, The Monk and the Riddle: The Education of a Silicon Valley Entrepreneur|Passion and drive are not the same at all. Passion pulls you toward something you cannot resist. Drive pushes you toward something you feel compelled or obligated to do. If you know nothing about yourself, you can't tell the difference. Once you gain a modicum of self-knowledge, you can express your passion.....It's not about jumping through someone else's hoops. That's drive.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|What is life without this? which was why, in the end, it was I, and not her, who blurted out, not once, but many, many times, You'll kill me if you stop, you'll kill me if you stop, because it was also my way of bringing full circle the dream and the fantasy, me and him, the longed-for words from mouth to mouth, which was when I must have begun using obscenities that he repeated after me, softly at first, till he said, "Call me by your name and I'll call you by my name," which I'd never done in my life before and which, as soon as I said my own name as though it were his, took me to a realm I never shared with anyone in my life before, or since.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|A bride, before a "Good-night" could be said,Should vanish from her clothes into her bed,As souls from bodies steal, and are not spied.But now she's laid; what though she be?Yet there are more delays, for where is he?He comes and passeth through sphere after sphere;First her sheets, then her arms, then anywhere.Let not this day, then, but this night be thine;Thy day was but the eve to this, O Valentine.
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|No, no, don't let my vulnerable heart share in this sacrifice to lust! Let him disgust me before pleasing me! Let him be what others have been, an instrument that I can break before becoming the echoes of its vibration.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Man|chaos of thought and passion, all confus'd.
Gabriel García Márquez|She asked him to come and see her that night. He agreed, in order to get away, knowing that he was incapable of going. But that night, in his burning bed, he understood that he had to go see her, even if he were not capable. He got dressed by feel, listening in the dark to his brother's calm breathing, the dry cough of his father in the next room, the asthma of the hens in the courtyard, the buzz of the mosquitoes, the beating of his heart, and the inordinate bustle of a world that he had not noticed until then, and he went out in the sleeping street.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|To develop emotional and erotic intelligence we need to practice enlarging our inner passion at every moment. It doesn’t matter what’s going on in our world, or even how we feel about ourselves in the moment. In fact, the best time to accomplishing something may be when we least feel like trying, because the hopeless part of ourselves most needs the light.
W. Somerset Maugham|He did not care upon what terms he satisfied his passion. He had even a mad, melodramatic idea to drug her.
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|It is true, Monsieur," Raoule went on, shrugging her shoulders, "that I have had lovers in my life as I have books in my library, to know, to study. But I have had no passion, I have not written my own book yet! I always found myself alone when we were two. One is not weak when one remains master of one's self in the midst of the most stupefying pleasures.
Andrea Dworkin, Intercourse|Being stigmatied by sex is being marked by its meaning in a human life of loneliness and imperfection, where some pain is indelible.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Well, He had known what love was-a sharp pang, a fierce experience, in the midst of whose flames he was struggling! but, through that furnace he would fight his way out into the serenity of middle age,-all the richer and more human for having known this great passion.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|Here lies a she sun, and a he moon there;She gives the best light to his sphere;Or each is both, and all, and soThey unto one another nothing owe;And yet they do, but areSo just and rich in that coin which they pay,That neither would, nor needs forbear, nor stay;Neither desires to be spared nor to spare.They quickly pay their debt, and thenTake no acquittances, but pay again;They pay, they give, they lend, and so let fallNo such occasion to be liberal.More truth, more courage in these two do shine,Than all thy turtles have and sparrows, Valentine.
Virginia Henley, Enslaved|With horror he saw that her hair was already afire as the tarred stake burned about her head. He held her agonized gaze with his fierce black eyes. "I'll love you forever, and beyond," he vowed as he raised both arms and plunged his sword into her heart.~Marcus Magnus
Harold Norse, In the Hub of the Fiery Force: Collected Poems, 1934-2003|The fiery force is nothing more than the life force as we know it. It is the flame of desire and love, of sex and beauty, of pleasure and joy as we consume and are consumed, as we burn with pleasure and burn out in time.
Wallace Stegner, Crossing to Safety|What ever happened to the passion we all had to improve ourselves, live up to our potential, leave a mark on the world? Our hottest arguments were always about how we could contribute. We did not care about the rewards. We were young and earnest.
Arthur C. McGill, Dying Unto Life|Every action is a losing, a letting go, a passing away from oneself of some bit of one’s own reality into the existence of others and of the world. In Jesus Christ, this character of action is not resisted, by trying to use our action to assert ourselves, extend ourselves, to impose our will and being upon situations. In Jesus Christ, this self-expending character of action is joyfully affirmed. I receive myself constantly from God’s Parenting love. But so far as some aspects of myself are at my disposal, these I receive to give away. Those who would live as Jesus did—who would act and purpose themselves as Jesus did—mean to love, i.e., they mean to expend themselves for others unto death. Their being is meant to pass away from them to others, and they make that meaning the conscious direction of their existence. Too often the love which is proclaimed in the churches suppresses this element of loss and need and death in activity. As a Christian, I often speak of love as helping others, but I ignore what this does to the person who loves. I ignore the fact that love is self-expenditure, a real expending and losing and deterioration of the self. I speak of love as if the person loving had no problems, no needs, no limits. In other words, I speak of love as if the affluent dream were true. This kind of proclamation is heard everywhere. We hear it said: 'Since you have no unanswered needs, why don’t you go out and help those other people who are in need?' But we never hear people go on and add: 'If you do this, you too will be driven into need.' And by not stating this conclusion, people give the childish impression that Christian love is some kind of cornucopia, where we can reach to everybody’s needs and problems and still have everything we need for ourselves. Believe me, there are grown-up persons who speak this kind of nonsense. And when people try to live out this illusory love, they become terrified when the self-expending begins to take its toll. Terror of relationship is [that] we eat each other. But note this very carefully: like Jesus, we too can only live to give our received selves away freely because we know our being is not thereby ended, but still and always lies in the Parenting of our God....Those who love in the name of Jesus Christ... serve the needs of others willingly, even to the point of being exposed in their own neediness.... They do not cope with their own needs. They do not anguish over how their own needs may be met by the twists and turns of their circumstances, by the whims of their society, or by the strategies of their own egos. At the center of their life—the very innermost center—they are grateful to God, because... they do not fear neediness. That is what frees them to serve the needy, to companion the needy, to become and be one of the needy.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|Love born in the brain is more spirited, doubtless, than true love, but it has only flashes of enthusiasm; it knows itself too well, it criticizes itself incessantly; so far from banishing thought, it is itself reared only upon a structure of thought.
Jay Bell, Kamikaze Boys|Just be careful. Passion is a bridge that connects love and hate. When you're standing in the middle of that bridge, don't let yourself get turned around. You've got to make sure you know which direction you're heading. Watch yourself.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|A display of indifference to all the actions and passions of mankind was not supposed to be such a distinguished quality at that time, I think, as I have observed it to be considered since. I have known it very fashionable indeed. I have seen it displayed with such success, that I have encountered some fine ladies and gentlemen who might as well have been born caterpillars.
Thomas à Kempis, The Inner Life|Let all your thoughts be with the Most High, and direct your humble prayers unceasingly to Christ. If you cannot contemplate high and heavenly things, take refuge in the Passion of Christ, and love to dwell within His Sacred Wounds. For if you devoutly seek the Wounds of Jesus and the precious marks of His Passion, you will find great strength in all troubles.
Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace|Passion in life…is life. It’s contagious. Get naked and roll around in it. People who enjoy living have it all figured out. They are passionate, driven, alive, and they are real.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|It isn't very nice to admit, but domestic violence has its uses. So raw and unleashed, it tears away the veil of civilization that comes between us as much as it makes life possible. A poor substitute for the sort of passion we like to extol perhaps, but real love shares more in common with hatred and rage than it does with geniality or politeness.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Oh, mention it! If I storm, you have the art of weeping.""Mr. Rochester, I must leave you.""For how long, Jane? For a few minutes, while you smooth your hair — which is somewhat dishevelled; and bathe your face — which looks feverish?""I must leave Adele and Thornfield. I must part with you for my whole life: I must begin a new existence among strange faces and strange scenes.""Of course: I told you you should. I pass over the madness about parting from me. You mean you must become a part of me. As to the new existence, it is all right: you shall yet be my wife: I am not married. You shall be Mrs. Rochester — both virtually and nominally. I shall keep only to you so long as you and I live. You shall go to a place I have in the south of France: a whitewashed villa on the shores of the Mediterranean. There you shall live a happy, and guarded, and most innocent life. Never fear that I wish to lure you into error — to make you my mistress. Why did you shake your head? Jane, you must be reasonable, or in truth I shall again become frantic."His voice and hand quivered: his large nostrils dilated; his eye blazed: still I dared to speak."Sir, your wife is living: that is a fact acknowledged this morning by yourself. If I lived with you as you desire, I should then be your mistress: to say otherwise is sophistical — is false.""Jane, I am not a gentle-tempered man — you forget that: I am not long-enduring; I am not cool and dispassionate. Out of pity to me and yourself, put your finger on my pulse, feel how it throbs, and — beware!"He bared his wrist, and offered it to me: the blood was forsaking his cheek and lips, they were growing livid; I was distressed on all hands. To agitate him thus deeply, by a resistance he so abhorred, was cruel: to yield was out of the question. I did what human beings do instinctively when they are driven to utter extremity — looked for aid to one higher than man: the words "God help me!" burst involuntarily from my lips."I am a fool!" cried Mr. Rochester suddenly. "I keep telling her I am not married, and do not explain to her why. I forget she knows nothing of the character of that woman, or of the circumstances attending my infernal union with her. Oh, I am certain Jane will agree with me in opinion, when she knows all that I know! Just put your hand in mine, Janet — that I may have the evidence of touch as well as sight, to prove you are near me — and I will in a few words show you the real state of the case. Can you listen to me?""Yes, sir; for hours if you will.
Ethan Allen|Ever since I arrived to a state of manhood, I have felt a sincere passion for liberty. The history of nations doomed to perpetual slavery, in consequence of yielding up to tyrants their natural born liberties, I read with a sort of philosophical horror; so that the first systematical and bloody attempt at Lexington, to enslave America, thoroughly electrified my mind, and fully determined me to take part with my country.
Stephen Dobyns, Eating Naked: Stories|The obsession was gone. We liked each other, even loved each other. And our sex was still good, but the hunger was gone. Either it just wore out or we wore each other out. A passion like that pushes everything else out of its path. You can't be married and have jobs and children and work and write and have something like an emotional bubonic plague.
Diane Wolkstein|Oh God, let me not be cured of love, but let my passion grow! Let me love for love's sake!
Anna Jarzab, All Unquiet Things|My mouth hung slightly open, i was getting ready to sat something important. what i wanted to say was: I's so, so sorry. but instead I said, "i love you." Only then, when i said it out loud, did i know that it was true.Carly threaded her fingers through mine and i squeezed her hand. She said it back to me, and i was relieved in a way that i wasn't expecting. i didn't know that i needed her to say it until she did. i was so grateful; i leaned down and kissed her fearlessly, which was unlike me. When she kissed me back, i brought my hand up and cupped the nape of her neck, pulling her hair with clumsy fingers. i tried to back off, to apologize for hurting her, but she kept me close, kissing me softly at first, then hard and fast until the lines between us blurred.
Coco J. Ginger|Writers do not have the privilege of sleep. There is always a story coming alive in their heads, constantly composing. Whether they choose it or not.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|No. Take the heart first. Then you don't feel the cold so much. The pain so much. With the heart gone, there's no reason to stay your hand. Your eyes can look on death and not tremble. It's the heart that betrays us, makes us weep, makes us bury our friends when we should be marching ahead. It's the heart that sickens us at night and makes us hate who we are. It's the heart that sings old songs and brings memories of warm days.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|It can be coins or sports or politics or horses or music or faith... the saddest people I've ever met in life are the ones who don't care deeply about anything at all. Passion and satisfaction go hand in hand, and without them, any happiness is only temporary, because there's nothing to make it last.
Carol Ann Duffy, The World's Wife|The bed we loved in was a spinning world of forests, castles, torchlight, clifftops, seaswhere we would dive for pearls. My lover’s wordswere shooting stars which fell to earth as kisseson these lips; my body now a softer rhymeto his, now echo, assonance; his toucha verb dancing in the centre of a noun.Some nights, I dreamed he’d written me, the beda page beneath his writer’s hands. Romanceand drama played by touch, by scent, by taste.In the other bed, the best, our guests dozed on,dribbling their prose. My living laughing love -I hold him in the casket of my widow’s headas he held me upon that next bes
Christine Feehan, Water Bound|He tasted passion. He tasted emotion. He tasted a world he’d never imagined, one he could never enter. It was right there in front of him, suddenly open to him. Unexpected. Exciting. Scary.
Coco J. Ginger|It's all mine, it's all sacred.
William Shakespeare, ഹാംലെറ്റ് | Hamlet|This is the very ecstasy of love,Whose violent property fordoes itselfAnd leads the will to desperate undertakingsAs oft as any passion under heavenThat does afflict our natures.
Tasha Alexander, A Fatal Waltz|That's the trouble with grand passions, of course. You can never entirely cleanse yourself of them. It's best to avoid them altogether.
John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life|But whatever you do, find the God-centered, Christ-exalting, Bible-saturated passion of your life, and find your way to say it and live for it and die for it. And you will make a difference that lasts. You will not waste your life.
Antisthenes Pinto|As iron is eaten away by rust, so the envious are consumed by their own passion.
Blake Lewis|Just keep being true to yourself, if you're passionate about something go for it. Don't sacrifice anything, just have fun.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Passion and courtesy are two polar opposite traits that serve to balance each other into a full-blooded whole.Without socialization, passion is a crude barbarian, and without passion, the elegant and polite are dead.Allow both passion and courtesy into your life in equal measure, and be complete.
George Eliot, Daniel Deronda|Passion is of the nature of seed, and finds nourishment within, tending to a predominance which determines all currents towards itself, and makes the whole life its tributary.
Elliot Mabeuse, A Good Student|yes. Menace and danger, That's what passion is-dangerous love-love that put you at risk, that gets a hold of you and makes you do things you wouldn't normally do. It's the only love worth having..
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|A very special case. A few years more, and that pretty creature who you love too much, I think, will, without ever loving them, have known as many men as there are beads on her aunt's rosary. No happy medium! Either a nun or a monster! God's bosom or sensual passions! It would, perhaps, be better to put her in a convent, since we put hysterical women in the Saltpetriere! She does not know vice, she invents it!"That was ten years ago before the day our story begins and... Raoule was not a nun.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Complete Poems|Where true Love burns Desire is Love's pure flame;It is the reflex of our earthly frame,That takes its meaning from the nobler part,And but translates the language of the heart.
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|A caprice is handled like a stew, and the pepper is added at the last minute.
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|An error of the passions is not the flowering of a great love, and merely the beauty of the human form is not capable of inspiring an eternity of mad attachment.
Jacqueline Novogratz, The Blue Sweater: Bridging the Gap Between Rich and Poor in an Interconnected World|Though either choice was good, one was truer to myself... Ultimately, I reflected on Geothe's invocation to 'make a commitment and the forces of the universe will conspire to make it happen' and chose the uncharted path.
Hyman G. Rickover|When doing a job — any job — one must feel that he owns it, and act as though he will remain in that job forever.
Thomas Hardy, The Return of the Native|A blaze of love and extinction, was better than a lantern glimmer of the same which should last long years.
Robert C. Solomon, Spirituality for the Skeptic: The Thoughtful Love of Life|What gives life meaning is a form of rebellion, rebellion against reason, an insistence on believing passionately what we cannot believe rationally. The meaning of life is to be found in passion—romantic passion, religious passion, passion for work and for play, passionate commitments in the face of what reason knows to be meaningless.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|They loved each other, not driven by necessity, by the “blaze of passion” often falsely ascribed to love. They loved each other because everything around them willed it, the trees and the clouds and the sky over their heads and the earth under their feet. Perhaps their surrounding world, the strangers they met in the street, the wide expanses they saw on their walks, the rooms in which they lived or met, took more delight in their love than theythemselves did.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When you are fired because of laziness, dare to fire back with the spirit of enthusiasm. Rise up at the same time and at the same place that you have fallen. You can’t give up!
Simon Cheshire, Plastic Fantastic|How can you claim to have a passionate interest in something, and then make no effort to properly understand it?
Emma Bull, War for the Oaks|Every motion she made was slow, as if she’d never before put her arms around a man, and didn’t know for certain where everything fit. When at last they were pressed close, she didn’t think she’d know how to let go when the time came. They summarized the course of passion with kisses: a chaste, half-frightened brush of the lips metamorphosed into something fierce and fast-burning, which in its turn became a more patient, more intimate touch, full of inquiry and shared pleasure.
Karen Marie Moning|I can't find a man I want, and I'm beginning to think the problem is me. Maybe I expect too much. Maybe I'm holding out for something that doesn't even exist." She'd voiced her secret fear. Maybe grand passion was just a dream. With all the kissing she'd done in the past few months, she'd not once been overcome with desire. Her parents certainly hadn't had any great passion between them. Come to think of it, she wasn't sure she'd ever seen grand passion outside of a movie theater or a book.
J. Raymond|Her taste still teased my tongue, and her touch tipped my fingers. Her smile licked my lips, and her heart beat my own. So I tugged on her sheets, like it was a cape. To me, she was a God damned super hero, and underneath, was everything I need. Her super powers on top of me.
Coco J. Ginger|I want your hand without the skin. Bone to bone without the molds. Mouth to mouth, without the porn.
Donna Lynn Hope|If its danger you seek, come on over. I covet tranquility but beget the tempest storm.
Tessa Dare, A Week to Be Wicked|He had to feel those lips on him again. Had. To. This wasn’t a mild expression of preference. This was an imperative. His body was insistent. To continue hisexistence on this earth, he now needed the following: food, water, shelter, clothing, and Minerva Highwood’s lips.
Cassandra Clare, The Lost Herondale|The Herondales are a rather infamous line, as you probably know. Many of them heroes, some of them traitors, so many of them brash, wild creatures consumed by their passions, whether it be love or hate.
Heather Brewer, Twelfth Grade Kills|Wrong. Enemies don't fight with such determined passion. That kind of focus is reserved for friends at odds with one another."pg 69 Tomas to Vlad
Patrick Honovich, Thirst|The Lover ReconsidersWait... You. Come hither come closer come here,shrug and wriggle your way out of those clothes, shed them like baby teeth, like snakeskin, like feathers from the molt of a phoenixcome here let me hold you let my arms draw you closer come hither let me be suffused with your scent come here now. I want to kiss you, I want to kiss you, I want to kiss my way down your body and back up again give me your guided tour, teach me of your landmarks those hips of yours are strangers to my touch but I mean to make their acquaintance so yes there here I want to kiss you I want to learn what you whisper when you kiss with your heart’s shutters openI want to nip at your lower lip I want the rush of blood to make that mouth tingle I want to talk in quiet tones to all of you come hither come closer come hereNow, bolt the door, now, unplug the phone, now warn the neighbors to ignore the racket I do not want fifteen minutes of your time I want the whole fucking night. Now let me see the smile you save for special occasions Now don’t pick a favorite position pick five Now I want to bathe myself in you Now now now like the Ganges, like the Red Sea, like the Amazon I want to follow you down to your ocean Now I want to savor you, lover, come to memake time and I will make you breakfastI want to become overfamiliar with your tastes come hither come closer come here come now you.
Sameh Elsayed|Sometimes while you are so passionately busy building, there will be others as busy destroying. Do not stop. One day you will notice how high above you get, and how down below they end up
Carole Cummings|Malick to Jacin: "There is no trade anymore, you're not nothing, you didn't kill Caidi, you're going to be the most beautiful-dangerous Incendiary the gods have ever seen, and I fucking love you. Deal with it.
Georgia Kakalopoulou, Θεοί και φύλακες|You are a guardian ... arent you?"He nailed me with his eyes. "Yes.""So .... why are you with me?
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|And there’s also ‘To him that hath shall be given.’ After all, you must have a capacity to receive, or even omnipotence can’t give. Perhaps your own passion temporarily destroys the capacity.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|Like animals we call to each other," was the thought that came to him as he remembered the hour of love in the afternoon.
Robert Desnos|Oh,' said a very white body as it threw a wrist watch to the ground which broke without attracting anyone's attention, 'Oh, how can anyone not love poetry, natural machines, large white houses, the brilliance of steel, crimes and wild passions?
Kate Summerscale, The Suspicions of Mr. Whicher: A Shocking Murder and the Undoing of a Great Victorian Detective|Nothing can be more slightly defined than the line of demarcation between sanity and insanity ... Make the definition too narrow, it becomes meaningless; make it too wide, and the whole human race becomes involved in the dragnet. In strictness we are all mad when we give way to passion, to prejudice, to vice, to vanity; but if all the passionate, prejudiced and vain people were to be locked up as lunatics, who is to keep the key to the as
Walt F.J. Goodridge, Turn Your Passion Into Profit 2006 Edition|If you create and market a product or service through a business that is in alignment with your personality, capitalizes on your history, incorporates your experiences, harnesses your talents, optimizes your strengths, complements your weaknesses, honors your life's purpose, and moves you towards the conquest of your own fears, there is ABSOLUTELY NO WAY that anyone in this or any other universe can offer the same value that you do!
Robert Goolrick|As you have been on the road, what have you been hearing from readers about A RELIABLE WIFE?RG: The most interesting question came from a young man in his 30s who asked me to discuss the relationship between love and aging. We think when we’re young that, as we get older, our passions and enthusiasms will fade, will lose their hold on us, and we will enter into some more gentle phase. I don’t find it to be true. Our passions, in fact, intensify, like a sauce that has been reduced to its essence by long slow simmering over a low flame.
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|He was ruled by the tyranny of instinct, by passion and the instant legislation of a simple heart.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I’ve always marveled that geese can feel a call stirring, rise on hardy wings to engage it, and without contemplation, compass or map complete the feat. And could it be that they achieve this astounding accomplishment because far too often contemplation, compass or map rob the call by sterile analysis when we should liberate the call through expectant obedience.
Marty Rubin|You need fire, conviction, to write. You can't write out of indifference.
Benjamin Kofi Quansah|I give 100% to my job because I love what I do. I get 101% in return. What great things love, attitude, passion, and hard work can accomplish!
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I'm a tad insane, but I promise you won't forget me.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Desire. Enthusiasm. Purpose. Pleasure. Delight. Peace. Power. However you define passion, it is at the heart of your motivation.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Passion is a catalyst for action and provides you with the emotional stamina to stick with it, regardless of the obstacles.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Think of the times in your life when you have been deeply passionate about something. Whether it is for your family, a cause, a person, an adventure, a hobby, a career, a love for music, or even going to the beach—your passion for it helps you tap into your unique personal power to live and love your life out loud.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|What turns you on, tunes you in, and lights your fire?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When passion is lit, the fire permeates your being with the positive expectation that all is well and everything will turn out great.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|To be truly satisfied that your life is well-lived, the object of your passion is something you feel you must be, do, or have. What lights your fire?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Passion is not just about the object of your focus or desires—it is the compelling emotion, fulfillment, and intense enthusiasm that it engenders.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When a person exudes passion, it is evident that they love what they are doing. Their passion projects an aura of confidence and decisiveness.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Sharing your passion with others will not only enlighten them to your dedication and commitment, it can enable you to garner their participation, collaboration, cooperation, and endorsement.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When we are deeply passionate about something, the obstacles or challenges are diminished by sheer will and desire.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When you want something badly enough, it does not matter whether it is going to be easy. The passion will push you forward.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When people are not passionate about their goals, everything is more of a struggle.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When your passion is aligned with your purpose, you are unstoppable! It is in that zone of high octane congruence that you are turned on and "cooking with gas.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Passionate people are great about discovering what lights their fire and going for it. They might be encouraged by others who share their passion, but they don’t rely on others to tell them what they need to do or how they need to do it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|One of the most terrifying questions of all might be, ‘Will I unleash myself to live before death unleashes me from the ability to be unleashed?’ And in retrospect, maybe it’s not the question that’s terrifying. Maybe what’s terrifying is the answer.
Katie McGarry, Long Way Home|It wouldn't be fair to Chevy, and it wouldn't be fair to me. The love I had for him was consuming and powerful and raw. I briefly close my eyes as memories of Chevy's hands on my body and his lips on mine cause warmth to curl in my bloodstream...Even when we fought, we never had problems with attraction.
Katherine McIntyre, Captured Memories|They’d reached the point of no return, and she wanted to throw herself into the fire until the flames melted away the years of ice that claimed her.
Jon Bon Jovi|Nothing is as important as passion. No matter what you want to do with your life, be passionate.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You are not going to burn out, you're just beginning. You have an entire galaxy of stars burning fiercely inside of you and once the blaze begins it's impossible to annihilate. Passion can't be contained.
Haritha Velpureddy|I am dead to you, but you are living in me.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When your attention is for the most important things, you mind the most important things! Give your attention to the most important things, and don't let anything at all get you thinking about anything! Have a true passion for living; you are here to accomplish a true mission!
R. W. Patterson, Dark Night of the Soul: In the darkest of moments...a sacrifice to end a life...a rescue to save a soul.|You want to show me your wrath? You want to hurt me, so show me. We can take this to the bedroom if you like—the bed might be reduced to kindling, but I’m willing to take that chance. Now fight me,” he growled aloud, his obsidian eyes narrowing to angry slits. “Show me what you are becoming.
Grace Willows|Elizabeth waited until he had left and then promptly burst into laughter. She couldn’t help it, she had been soaked, threatened by a skunk, attacked by a dog and now given a moral lesson by a man that had threatened her with a Winchester earlier. She couldn’t remember having a better day.
Nikhil Shrivastava|No matter what, you cannot run from who you are.
Melody  Lee|I understood the ominous sky because it was so much like you, and I was the sun always willing to burn for our love.
Margaret Kennedy, The Constant Nymph|He became so gloomy that she asked him, at last, if he was worried about anything. He assured her, instantly, that he was the happiest man in the world. And he was. At times he was almost bewildered by his own bliss in being there, with Tony, so terribly dear, beside him; really his own for the rest of his life. It was not her fault if the insatiable sorrows of an unequal love tormented him, the hungry demand for more, for a fuller return, for a feeling which it was not in her nature to give. As she leaned forward, absorbed in the passions staged beneath her, he felt suddenly that their box contained just himself and a wraith, a ghost; as if the real Antonia, whom he loved, was an imagined woman living only in his sad fancy.
Lisa Kleypas|Ah. That is the price of love, I'm afraid—the pain one suffers from its loss. I'm not convinced it's worth it. Perhaps if one must love, one should do so in moderation.""Moderation in love," she mused aloud. "It's not something that would inspire a poet, is it?""A poet's view of the world would make for an uncomfortable life, wouldn't it? Everyone at the mercy of his or her passions, all of us tearing our hair out for the sake of love...
Farshad Asl|Selling is serving, helping others find solutions, impacting lives positively with passion and integrity.
Kylie Scott, Twist|The big-ass hole, all of the wreckage and mess. I'd done that. Me,
Kylie Scott, Dirty|You've got drama too?' 'Doesn't everyone?' 'A side effect of breathing, I guess.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Noah's Story|Because of that, he didn't know how to love someone who actually loved him. He had learned a twisted, tormented kind of love filled with pain and exploitation.
N.H. Kleinbaum, Dead Poets Society|And the human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.
Henry Moore|The creative habit is like a drug. The particular obsession changes, but the excitement, the thrill of your creation lasts.
Saffron A. Kent, The Unrequited|I’m his puppet and he is my invisible master, holding my strings from miles away.
Samantha Irby, We Are Never Meeting In Real Life|But I was 22 when I started this job, and you know what? Sometimes it really is okay to just have a fucking job. Not a passion, not a career, but a steadfast source of bi-weekly income deposited directly into a checking account from which food, and medicine, and apps one totally forgot about having downloaded will be paid for.
Lady Dilke|and the castle in which she dwelt was a prison to her; and sometimes sudden fits of gusty passion would overtake her, for weariness grew to hate, and hate to wrath,"The Serpent's Head
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Noah's Story|She averted his eyes, but not before he recognized the pain in them, a tormented and languished gaze, a stare preserved for people who were able to love deeply enough that they could be destroyed by it. For a moment, he knew that gaze intimately, remembering it from a time long gone. The ache of a shattered belief once known. He knew that feeling.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Noah's Story|She averted his eyes, but not before he recognized the pain in them, a tormented and languished gaze, a stare preserved for people who were able to love deeply enough that they could be destroyed by it.
Laurie R. King, A Monstrous Regiment of Women|I could never, I knew then, lose myself "in love." Margery had accused me of coldness, and she was right, but she was also wrong: For me, for always, the paramount organ of passion was the mind. Unnatural, unbalanced, perhaps, but it was true: Without intellect, there could be no love.
Georges Bataille|Intimacy cannot be expressed discursively. The swelling to the bursting point, the malice that breaks out with clenched teeth and weeps; the sinking feeling that doesn't know where it comes from or what it's about; the fear that sings its head off in the dark; the white-eyed pallor, the sweet sadness, the rage and the vomiting...are so many evasions. What is intimate, in the strong sense, is what has the passion of an absence of individuality, the imperceptible sonority of a river, the empty limpidity of the sky
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|Of course, while Katherine took the accolades in stride, she never took the work for granted. Not a morning dawned that she didn't wake up eager to get to the office. The passion that she had for her job was a gift, one that few people ever experienced.
Giovanni Frazzetto|But there is an overarching passion that keeps me alive. That is love, understood as a condition in which I can be an inspiration, make someone feel happy and special, and in turn, feel understood and driven. I function better if I am in that condition of love, and I try to cultivate that daily.
Mike Massimino, Spaceman: An Astronaut's Unlikely Journey to Unlock the Secrets of the Universe|I think he was trying to tell us that life is not about achieving one great thing, because once that thing is over, life keeps going. What motivates you then? The important thing is having a passion, something you love doing, and the greatest joy in the world is that you get to wake up every day and do it.
Mike Massimino, Spaceman: An Astronaut's Unlikely Journey to Unlock the Secrets of the Universe|The important thing in life is having a passion, something you really love doing, and you take joy in the fact that you get to wake up every day and do it.
Simon Sinek, Start with Why: How Great Leaders Inspire Everyone to Take Action|Working hard for something we do not care about is called stress, working hard for something we love is called passion.
Joyce Rachelle|There is comfort, even among strangers, when people find something they are equally passionate about.
Sorcha MacMurrough, The Model Master|But Bryony knew what he was feeling, and about three weeks after the massaging had begun, she gave him a potion that Eswara had given her, a concoction of cinnamon, mace, cloves, nutmeg and lavender which she had said would send the blood rushing through all parts of his anatomy. All.
Ashish Bhardwaj|Today, she is standing at the top of a mountain and appreciating the majestic panoramic view of mesmerizing Himalaya. As a kid, she used to look up in the sky and wish for wings to fly up to the mountains. And now after a long wait of many years, she is standing here and living her dream. It’s the moment when she can’t believe her eyes because what she always dreamed of has come alive. She looks with amazement as if she’s witnessing a miracle. It is the moment of her life. She just wants to feel it. There are beautiful clouds below her and there are snow clad mountain peaks emerging from those clouds. The white peaks shining in blue sky among white clouds look like glittering diamonds to her. The view of the large lush green meadow surrounded by mountains under blue sky with a rainbow circling the horizon has put her in a state of tranquility. As the sun starts drowning in the horizon, the sky begins to boast his mystical colours. The beautiful mix of pink, orange and red looks like creating a twilight saga. She opens her both arm and takes a deep breath to entwine with the nature. The glimmering rays of the moon are paying tribute to her by kissing her warm cheeks and her eyes twinkle in bright moon light. She raises her face towards the moon and senses the flood of memories which she wants to unleash. The cool breeze lifts her ruffled hair and blows her skirt up. She closes her eyes and breathes deep as if she wants to let her know that she is finally here and then she opens her eyes and finds herself on the same wheelchair inside a room with an empty wall in front of her eye. Tears rolls down from her eye but these are the tears of Joy because she is living her dreams today. The feelings comes to her mind while waiting for her daughter who is coming back home today after her first expedition of a high range mountain ~ AB
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person of large dreams does not allow other people’s opinion to damper his or her zestfulness. Overcoming fear of making an irreversible, lifetime mistake is the first step of living an artistic existence.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality|Do not make passion an argument for truth! - O you good-natured and even noble enthusiasts, I know you! You want to win your argument against us, but also against yourself, and above all against yourself!and a subtle and tender bad conscience so often incites you against your enthusiasm! How ingenious you then become in the outwitting and deadening of this conscience! How you hate the honest, the simple, the pure, how you avoid their innocent eyes! That knowing better whose representatives they are and whose voice you hear all too loudly within you, how it casts doubt on your belief- how you seek to make it suspect as a bad habit, as a sickness of the age, as neglect and infection of your own spiritual health! You drive yourself to the point of hating criticism, science, reason! You have to falsify history so that it may bear witness for you, you have to deny virtues so that they shall not cast into the shade those of your idols and ideals! Coloured pictures where what is needed is rational grounds! Ardour and power of expression! Silvery mists! Ambrosial nights! You understand how to illuminate and how to obscure, and how to obscure with light! And truly, when your passion rises to the point of frenzy, there comes a moment when you say to yourself: now I have conquered the good conscience, now I am light of heart, courageous, self-denying, magnificent, now I am honest! How you thirst for those moments when your passion bestows on you perfect self-justification and as it were innocence; when in struggle, intoxication, courage, hope, you are beside yourself and beyond all doubting; when you decree: 'he who is not beside himself as we are can in no way know what and where truth is!' How you thirst to discover people of your belief in this condition - it is that of intellectual vice - and ignite your flame at their torch! Oh your deplorable martyrdom! Oh your deplorable victory of the sanctified lie! Must you inflict so much suffering upon yourself? - Must you?
Grace Willows|. She was beautiful, and her temperament seemed much better than his first wife did. Arman stopped in the middle of the Windsor knot on his tie. Who was he trying to kid, he thought. An enraged rabid pit bull in heat would have had a better temperament then his first wife.
Frederick the Great, Anti-Machiavel|If the men were without passions, it would be forgivable to see Machiavel try to give some to them; he would be the new [[Prometheus]] bringing celestial fire to breathe life into robots. But no man is without passions. When they are moderated, they are the heart of the enterprise; but when the brake is stripped of them, they are its destruction.
Blake Mycoskie, Start Something That Matters|If you organize your life around your passion, you can turn your passion into your story and then turn your story into something bigger - something that matters.
Erik Pevernagie|That we may not fall short of desire, but let us give way to the unspoken passion hidden in the closet of our discretion. (“Crépuscule du désir”)
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you want to miss your crown, follow the crowd. If you want to wear the crown, go alone and be yourself.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Strive hard to be among the top performers. To do this, create a standard. Go higher than this standard. Set another higher standard; surpass it and repeat the process.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Dare to be among the greatest. Even if you did not get the best, you will be above the good.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you stay passionate and committed, mediocrity will never be eager to befriend you.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Take your own route, not the route everyone is using or taking. Create your own way; there is always traffic on the common route.
Erik Pevernagie|If love has taken us for a ride and passion made us ignore sham and swindle, the time has come to separate the wheat from the chaff and polish up diamonds of trust, neatly, day by day. ("Taken for a ride")
Lyn Ducoty, A Pocketful of Dreams|Even that exquisite hunger he aroused at her, fiercely sweet as it might be, posed a threat to her sanity.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|When you consistently complain about the things you are gifted to do, check your motivation.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|I have a distinct air of myself standing amidst such a crowd of people. My eyes set above, looking at the tall building if it bespeaks a promising note. I don’t know how fair is life, All I know is I have a plan to alter the face of it, the way I choose. A purpose, a driving motive, and an obsession.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|It's not sad that I don't love you anymore, it's I can't love anyone anymore.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|To get answers, ask questions; but to get good answers, ask good questions.
Malak El Halabi|No one made sense of the love they shared. They didn't get the hang of it either. But together, the clocks of winter stopped.. And autumn's fallen leaves turned, swiftly, scarlet.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Dissimilar from acquiring riches and fame, which are largely products of providence, we self-manufacture our own lot of goodness. If we ground everything we do upon a moral principle and especially love, affection, and compassion, we might not accomplish all the goals that we hoped to achieve, but we will not be hampered with unyielding regret or remorse for the effort expended. If we approach each stage in life with true passion, then each step along a broken or straight path is at least honest. If we honor the commitments that we make to ourselves and act to honor all our personal obligations with other people by devoting our entire intelligence, drive, and vital life force, and do not waste our effort on greedy, wanton, or wasteful activities, we shall grow stronger. Judicious deployment of personal resources ensures that we shall experience a sense of renewal at each important milepost along the way. If we maintain our vow of faith and love people freely, an internal lightness will guide us in our time of uncertainly.
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|The four points of the compass be logic, knowledge, wisdom and the unknown....To bow before the one is to lose sight of the three.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|Jobs suck, but when you work on your passion, it is never a job, no matter how hard and how long you have to work.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|When you work on what you love, you have the best job in the world.
Malak El Halabi|You have the body of a god and the smile of a demon. I walk towards you, barefoot, a believer walking a religious path. I wrap my arms around your neck, a priest hugging his crucifix. I offer you my all. Burn me like incense. Let's make all the church bells in hell ring just for us.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|Passion must be subject to reason; emotions lead one astray. "There was no one to complain to in the woods, so I did not complain.
Avijeet Das|It may take us years and years to find our true calling in life. But one fine day, we eventually do find it! Till then make merry, laugh, fight, dance and enjoy the craziness...
LaShawnda Jones|What you envision for yourself is far more likely to become a lifelong passion than anything someone can drop into your lap. This is a reminder that pursuing my vision for my life is not a waste of time. Detours happen. They become experience. With experience, accomplishment is only a matter of time.
J. Kenner, Release Me|Never, baby. Between us, the sun is never going down.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Living deeply requires more than a static vivisection of a person’s history and a cold survey of the world. Living a meaningful life entails immersion in the continuous flow of life through passionate thinking, observation, and directed action.
Unknown|Be ambitious, Spend time wanting, pursuing, wishing. Chase things with passion. Dream but never let the chase diminish what you already have.
Thomas Burnett Swann, How Are the Mighty Fallen|A man’s love for a man is neither more nor less than a man’s love for a woman, it is only different.
José Ortega y Gasset, On Love: Aspects of a Single Theme|Let others think what they like: for me, the culmination of life consists of a pure and subtly dramatic passion.
R.A.Delmonico|When passion rises to its full expression, it touches the soul and lifts the spirit.
OlgaGOA|Everyone thinks to the extent of their depravity.” #HenriettaLedyanova, #FatefulItalianPassion
Laura Kinsale, Flowers from the Storm|He put his fist against his chest. “Burn, Maddygirl,” he said. Then he turned and left her in the flickering gloom and thunder.
Baris Gencel|Cooking like a Michelin star chef without a recipe requires high intuition but only a little skill, a lot of imagination, and willingness to be curious and innovative. Kitchen to me is one of the art studios, but here only creating new dishes and drinks. Creativity is not just a job position or function but it is the attitude to life. From the office to kitchen or streets, anything, anytime should able to move you, inspire you, touch your emotions and others. After all Once you love what you do, you will eventually become a master of it, the only way to master of something be real with it.
Erik Pevernagie|Being caught up in a game without having a clue about the rules, may be extremely maddening and frustrating. Liberty may be so frightening and grueling, that many don’t conceal their passion for rules and regulations, since these can give a relieving feeling of security and protection. ("When forgetting the rules of the game" )
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Know what you want to accomplish in life, identify your purpose, and align it with your passion.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Once I have impounded love and towed it into the confine of words, I have lost it altogether.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|A legacy is the impact and impression an individual makes and leaves behind in the lives of others; it no longer represents the individual, it represents the people who carry on his or her name with passion and integrity.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|The definition of being committed is getting things done with absolutely no excuse, with an unshakeable and undeniable passion and with an uncompromised integrity.
Emily  Williams, Letters to Eloise|What would your young students say, who have come so far to hear you and prefer your severe lectures to ease of a worldly life, if they should discover you secretly a slave to your passions and a victim of those weaknesses from which your rules secured them?
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|When I am fully immersed in my work of nourishing humanity, it fills my head with all kinds of feel-good chemicals, such as endorphins, serotonin and dopamine. Problems occur during the brief intervals between the finishing of one work and the beginning of another. During these intervals, my biology starts to get filled with stress hormones cortisol and adrenalin, that worsens my OCD. That is why, I can’t sit still even a day after I finish writing a book. Because if I do, my OCD begins to suffocate me inside my head. Hence, as soon as I deliver a work, I have to start working on my next scientific literature.
Anna Kendrick, Scrappy Little Nobody|People don't have to do things by half measures because they aren't getting paid for it. In fact, that's all the more reason to throw every ounce of passion you have behind it.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|I couldn’t talk about it, about them—not yet. So I breathed “Later” and hooked my feet around his legs, drawing him closer. I placed my hands on his chest, feeling the heart beating beneath. This—I needed this right now. It wouldn’t wash away what I’d done, but … I needed him near, needed to smell and taste him, remind myself that he was real—this was real.“Later,” he echoed, and leaned down to kiss me.It was soft, tentative—nothing like the wild, hard kisses we’d shared in the hall of throne room. He brushed his lips against mine again. I didn’t want apologies, didn’t want sympathy or coddling. I gripped the front of his tunic, tugging him closer as I opened my mouth to him.He let out a low growl, and the sound of it sent a wildfire blazing through me, pooling and burning in my core. I let it burn through that hole in my chest, my soul. Let it raze through the wave of black that was starting to press around me, let it consume the phantom blood I could still feel on my hands. I gave myself to that fire, to him, as his hands roved across me, unbuttoning as he went.I pulled back, breaking the kiss to look into his face. His eyes were bright—hungry—but his hands had stopped their exploring and rested firmly on my hips. With a predator’s stillness, he waited and watched as I traced the contours of his face, as I kissed every place I touched.His ragged breathing was the only sound—and his hands soon began roaming across my back and sides, caressing and teasing and baring me to him. When my traveling fingers reached his mouth, he bit down on one, sucking it into his mouth. It didn’t hurt, but the bite was hard enough for me to meet his eyes again. To realize that he was done waiting—and so was I.He eased me onto the bed, murmuring my name against my neck, the shell of my ear, the tips of my fingers. I urged him—faster, harder. His mouth explored the curve of my breast, the inside of my thigh.A kiss for each day we’d spent apart, a kiss for every wound and terror, a kiss for the ink etched into my flesh, and for all the days we would be together after this. Days, perhaps, that I no longer deserved. But I gave myself again to that fire, threw myself into it, into him, and let myself burn.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Capricorn|What strikes me now as the most wonderful proof of my fitness, or unfitness, for the times is the fact that nothing people were writing or talking about had any real interest for me. Only the object haunted me, the separate, detached, insignificant thing. It might be a part of the human body or a staircase in a vaudeville house; it might be a smokestack or a button I had found in the gutter. Whatever it was it enabled me to open up, to surrender, to attach my signature. To the life about me, to the people who made up the world I knew, I could not attach my signature. I was as definitely outside their world as a cannibal is outside the bounds of civilized society. I was filled with a perverse love of the thing-in-itself - not a philosophic attachment, but a passionate, desperately passionate hunger, as if in this discarded, worthless thing which everyone ignored there was contained the secret of my own regeneration.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|All passion is childish. It's banal and naive. It's nothing we learn; it's instinctive, and so it overwhelms us. Overturns us. It bears us away in a flood. All other emotions belong to the earth, but passion inhabits the universe. That is the reason why passion is worth something, not for what it gives us but for what it demands that we risk. Our dignity. The puzzlement of others and their condescending, shaking heads.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|I had no proof that I had the stuff to be an artist, though I hungered to be one
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The roads of life are paved wide and skirt the mountains. And these very roads are choked with a steady stream of pathetically pedantic travelers who in reality have no intent of traveling. And if we are to discover the real travelers, much less join them, we will find them out on precarious paths that defy the roads and scale the mountains.
Danielle Krysa, Your Inner Critic Is a Big Jerk: And Other Truths About Being Creative|Do what you love, and the money will come. And if it doesn't, you won't care, because you'll be happy.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|The power of the undefeatable human spirit, came alive in me, and stirred the embers of my long smoldering anger into a rage of fire. I screamed a battle cry inside myself, and felt the same vigor ignite within me that inspired men for thousands of years to fight when the odds were against them. I became passionate, as I adopted a plan to fight back and win.
Farshad Asl|Let me make this clear. The definition of being committed is not just trying, being interested, or promising that it will be done someday, sometime, somewhere. The true definition of being committed is getting things done with absolutely no excuses, an unshakeable and undeniable passion and an uncompromising integrity.
oscar bim|The beginning of Greater things starts as a seed. Passion, willingness to learn and tenacity is the key to rising above the average and the mediocre. Keep pushing and the refinery of life will bring out the Gold within you.
Kelly Moran, Tracking You|Hunter versus prey, and the look in his eyes told her, in no uncertain terms, eating her alive was a distinct possibility.
Agatha Christie, Destination Unknown|This was genius at close quarters, and genius had that something above normal in it that was a great strain upon the ordinary mind and feeling. All five were different from each other, yet each had that curious quality of burning intensity, the single-mindedness of purpose that made such a terrifying impression. She did not know whether it were a quality of brain or rather a quality of outlook, of intensity. But each of them, she thought, was in his or her way a passionate idealist.
Farshad Asl|Live by choice, not by accident. Lead with passion and compassion. Love with all your heart and win like a champion! Yes, Winning Matters!
Plutarch, Plutarch's Lives, Vol 2|For fortune having hitherto seconded him in his designs, made him resolute and firm in his opinions, and the boldness of his temper raised a sort of passion in him for surmounting difficulties; as if it were not enough to be always victorious in the field, unless places and seasons and nature herself submitted to him.
Kierra C.T. Banks|Out of the fire, passion is born.
Farshad Asl|Winning requires a crystal clear vision, relentless passion and complete dedication with No Excuses.
Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers|We are tossed about by external causes in many ways, and like waves driven by contrary winds, we waver and are unconscious of the issue and our fate.' We think we are most ourselves when we are most passionate, whereas it is then we are most passive, caught in some ancestral torrent of impulse or feeling, and swept on to a precipitate reaction which meets only part of the situation because without thought only part of a situation can be perceived.
Farshad Asl|Life is not about possessions, it is about purpose, perseverance and passion.
Erik Pevernagie|If no signal ever awakens any smoldering desire or seething passion in the wasteland of our mental universe, only a third eye may throw inspiriting light on the path to good vibrations. (“A thousand times”)
Ted Hughes, Poetry in the Making: An Anthology|The difference between a fairly interesting writer and a fascinating writer is that the fascinating writer has a better nose for what genuinely excites him, he is hotter on the trail, he has a better instinct for what is truly alive in him. The worse writer may seem to be more sensible in many ways, but he is less sensible in this vital matter: he cannot distinguish what is full of life from what is only half full or empty of it. And so his writing is less alive, and as a writer he is less alive, and in writing, as in everything else, nothing matters but life.
Ted Hughes, Poetry in the Making: An Anthology|There is no correct way to write a novel, or rather, there is only one, and that one way is to make it interesting. That is very easily said, but how do you make your writing interesting?The answer to the question is, that you write interestingly only about the things that genuinely interest you. This is an infallible rule.
Robert J. Braathe|Be a hungry, passionate go-getter and together we will accomplish wonders.
Goitsemang Mvula|Profits don't always prove that you're doing it, passion does.
Aziz Ansari, Modern Romance|So love goes from feeling like I’m doing cocaine to feeling how I feel about my uncle? I don’t want to make companionate love sound like a bummer. It is love, just less intense and more stable. There is still passion, but it’s balanced with trust, stability, and an understanding of each other’s flaws.
Erik Pevernagie|When we are smitten, we await love to be “remontant” and to be blooming over and over again”, like remontant roses, with blossoms scenting through all the seasons of life. Passion and patience are to be good allies, though.
Paula Stokes, This is How it Happened|Emotions I’ve been working hard to hold back all summer start to spill out of me as I pull Elliott’s mouth toward my own. I’m so eager and impatient that our noses bump and teeth knock together before our lips slide into place. The frigid water is still lapping at my legs, but I can’t feel it anymore. My entire body is flush with heat, with desire. If it weren’t for the faintest hint of dance music from the clearing, I’d think that the two of us were completely alone.I wish the two of us were completely alone.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The eyes of love have 20/20 vision when focused on another, and become entirely blind when focused on ourselves.
Avijeet Das|He: I have this crazy yearning in my heart, to make you mine.She: Sure, go ahead and make me your bad habit!
Henri-Frédéric Amiel, Amiel's Journal|Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|His quest was a wolf, and it starved. - Gansey
Nancee Cain, Tempting Jo|Being content isn’t good enough. You deserve so much more—passion, joy, and excitement...
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|I possess so much, but my love for her absorbs it all. I possess so much, but without her I have nothing.
Dr. Christopher Dayagdag|To become successful online, you only need to remember the following : Good Heart + Passion + Web Design + SEO + Digital Marketing + Dedication + Positiveness + Patience = Success
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is no short cut to success, but there are guidelines to success!
Lawrence Durrell, The Alexandria Quartet|And I saw her as a sad thirtieth child of Valentine that fell, not as Lucifer rebelling against God, but because she too passionately wanted to be united with him! All things in excess become sin.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In our frenzied attempts to catch up with life, we run right past it. Once we have run past it, what we are in reality attempting to catch is ourselves.
Mark  Benjamin, A Change Of Heart|Drink,” he commanded, seeing the look of hunger, of passion, in the boy’s eyes. The intensity of his blood had awoken the predatory fire that lay within all men.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Once a woman stands for a cause, the sounds of her stilettos echoes to the far ends of the earth that the world has no choice but to listen to her voice. Yes, she could be supple,flexible… but she is resilient. She is established.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Diversity, rather than cohesiveness, is the new passion, and it pits us against each other for “rights.
Farshad Asl|When your purpose and passion are in alignment, your work becomes your calling, your life becomes your dream, and your mindset becomes 20/20 in clarity.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Fueled by faith and passion for our true priorities we're going to drive against traffic in order to find rest, refreshment, and time for what matters most in life.
Chamfort, Màximes i pensaments|In the current state of society, it seems to me that man is corrupted more by reason than by passion.
Farshad Asl|You need to change, renew, and rejuvenate yourself. Put your best foot forward in all that you do; you will develop an unmatched passion.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|I am yours,” she whispered. The words cut like knives, barely out of her mouth before he stole them, sealing them with his own lips.
Fredrik Backman, Britt-Marie Was Here|All passion is childish. It's banal and naive. It's nothing we learn; it's instinctive, and so it overwhelms us. Overturns us. It bears us away in a flood. All other emotions belong to the earth, but passion inhabits the universe.
Anonymous|It's not your end goal that gives life to your required actions, it's your required actions that give life to your end goal.
Margaret Atwood, Morning in the Burned House|This form of love is like the painof childbirth: so intenseit's hard to remember afterwards,
Elizabeth Smart, By Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept|Only remember: I am not the ease, but the end.I am not to blind you, but to find you.What you think is the sirens singing to lure you to your doom is only the voice of the inevitable, welcoming you after so long a wait. I was made only for you.
Kerri E. Lorenz, Where Demons Hide: Elathan's Story Book 1|down down↓ bottomRemove this quote from your collection“I thought I saw a memory." The nun looks at her funny as the bus turns into a position she can no longer see Elathan."What do you mean dear?" She turns to the nun."I don't know exactly, I saw a face that looked like a long lost memory trying to push its way back into my head. Something powerful, something good." Michael was right. She had pushed all the memories of her father's death deep into the back of her mind, including Elathan. She shakes it off.
Raynetta Manees, All for Love|The DARRYL part of him that exploded on stage made its spellbinding, turbulent presence most felt off stage when we made love. He was a symphony of contradiction; tender, yet fierce; sweet, yet riotous; impassioned, yet leisurely; giving, yet unquenchable. We lay there naked on the carpet a long time afterward, both too depleted—and too content—to move.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I am not in pursuit of wealth, neither am I in want of fame! I am not after applauds that shall turn into slaps after a least slip. I do not need absolute acceptance or absolute rejection; neither am I after a total approval nor disapproval! I am in pursuit of wisdom! I am in pursuit of a true and a solemn dignity; I am in pursuit of nurturing a true and a great destiny in my journey to the final destination! I do not seek for carnal reward, but if the world will reward me, it shall be for good; If the world will accept who I am as I am and what I stand for, fine, if not, I only look up to my Heavenly Father to accomplish a solemn duty for a solemn reward!
Gabriel Dibble|Passion is good, but Pros have purpose and realism.
Angela Duckworth, Grit: Passion, Perseverance, and the Science of Success|...grit grows as we figure out our life philosophy, learn to dust ourselves off after rejection and disappointment, and learn to tell the difference between low-level goals that should be abandoned quickly and higher-level goals that demand more tenacity. The maturation story is that we develop the capacity for long-term passion and perseverance as we get older.
Angela Duckworth, Grit: Passion, Perseverance, and the Science of Success|...interests are not discovered through introspection. Instead, interests are triggered by interactions with the outside world. The process of interest discovery can be messy, serendipitous, and inefficient. This is because you can't really predict with certainty what will capture your attention and what won't...Without experimenting, you can't figure out which interests will stick, and which won't.
Miya Yamanouchi|Threatening a current or former partner isn't passion, or love, or heartache. It's violence, it's abuse and it's a crime.
Shauna Niequist, Bread and   Wine: A Love Letter to Life Around the Table with Recipes|When I get frustrated that there aren't enough hours in a day, that I can't do enough or be enough or experience everything I want to just exactly right now, my mom reminds me in her gentle way that this is not where she thought she'd be at sixty, and that the best is yet to come. She teaches me, through her words and her actions, that if you take the next right step, if you live a life of radical and honest prayer, if you allow yourself to be led by God's Spirit, no matter how far from home and familiarity it takes you, you won't have to worry about what you want to be when you grow up. You'll be too busy living a life of passion and daring.
Jayne Castel, Dawn of Wolves|If I wish to kiss you, I will. No priest, no father, and no god will stop me.
Balroop Singh|Love is a natural instinct that grows if it is nurtured. It evolves itself but withers if it is not watered with affection, care, respect and kindness.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Skill, education, money aren't the difference makers, passion is. If you've passion to achieve something, there's nothing that can stop you.
Grace Willows|The dark sky seemed to swallow the moon, as Samantha stood alone on the deserted highway.
Darrell Drake, A Star-Reckoner's Lot|Ashtadukht slumped and let thenightingale’s song flood her brain. She knew that empty tone, that defeatedoutlook; she knew it intimately. Even now, it burned in her as limply as asnuffed flame. Passion burned with unchecked verve, devoured its fuel, andsputtered out. Despair required no upkeep; it heaped barely-glowing coals inthe back of your mind and fuelled itself.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|If you've passion- the desire to succeed at all cost, there won't be any lack or limitation that could stop you. Passion wipes out excuses.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|In a moment I am everything, in a moment I am nothing. In a moment I understand everything, in a moment I do not understand anything.In a moment I am on cloud number 9, in a moment I am at ground zero.In a moment I love, in a moment I hate.In a moment I am a success, in a moment I am failureIn a moment I fight, in a moment I give upIn a moment I win; in a moment I lose and in moment I lose these moments to win more, to live for more and to love more.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Time and again, I've met or read about people who succeeded against all kinds of odds because they had passion. You're passion away to win!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When passion dies, reasons dwindle
J. Raymond|They say, "What doesn't kill you makes you stronger"....I don't agree. Some things that didn't kill me, came so close that they're still damaging. They didn't make me better. Some things made me worse. And can't that be okay too? Can't some things just break you? This whole fucking world wants you to believe that admitting defeat makes you weak. For God's sake, bleed. And bleed openly. There can be pride in vulnerability. Honesty is maturity. And really, it's the things that did kill me, that made me.
J. Raymond|She persisted when I resisted. And thank God for that. Because the number of storms I needed to go through before appreciating the way the wind whipped through her hair was one to many. Now, I'd move mountains to make her mine. Rain or shine.
J. Raymond|I fell in love, and she fanned my flames. They spread to soon, Quickly and uncontrollably. I had finally found the one willing to catch fire, side by side, while the world watched us burn.
Angie karan|Life can be so wonderful when simplicity, passion and love is involved in everything we do !
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Without curiosity and passion, the world will seem to lack possibility and everything in life will appear pre-ordained. It is important for a person to spend the majority of the day pursuing their passionate interests and enlisting their innate inquisitiveness. Life is so much sweeter when we contemplate pleasant as opposed to distasteful thoughts. We feel most alive when we create an apt channel for our creative impulses, and engage in thoughtful discourse relating to our concordant values.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|You may kill a fire. And everything you know falls to dust and ash. Yet the remarkable treasure in this seemingly hopeless pile, is hidden deep within. The burning embers incarnate the perpetual desire to go from spark to flame.
J. Raymond|Something about her was different that day. In an instant, she swallowed her regrets, choked back her past, and swore to make history every damn day. There I stood, struggling to make sense of the strength of a woman.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We cannot anticipate in advance how anyone will respond when they first rub elbows with Eros’ malady of passion and madness. Eros arrives on a wing of a devious angel to take control of our body, encapsulate our mind, and seize command over the quality of our life. In its purest manifestation, romantic love guarantees to rip us asunder, because we are unwittingly dispossessed of our precious sense of self-control.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Disturbing encounters in life spur reflective thinking that jars a person from his or her exhausted ideologies and way of living. A person who lives passionately will develop a philosophic outlook because the road of excess leads to knowledge. Enthusiasm will frequently make a person look foolish, and result in intermittent periods of despondency and self-questioning, yet only exuberance and a degree of risk-taking leads us to wisdom.
Raoul Vaneigem, The Revolution of Everyday Life|My creativity, no matter how poor, is for me a far better guide than all the knowledge with which my head has been crammed. In the night of Power, its glimmer keeps the enemy forces at bay.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, Balancing Work, Relationships & Life in Three Simple Steps|When we start focusing our energy on the things we love, they come easier and more effortlessly over time.
Grace Willows, Don't Look Back: And Other Stories of the Paranormal|It waited for her. Standing resolute in the moonlight, it had stood for a hundred years. Yet it waited just for her. Shadows passed across the moon, a cool breeze ruffled the leaves around it. Yet still it waited for her. Ancient tombs glowed in shimmery moonlight, row upon row of cold silent witnesses.
Virginia Alison|From the flames she rises, a bold, resplendent warrior ready to bring the world to its knees and cast away those who do not revere their Goddess. Enrapturing all those whom she favours there is no escaping her beguiling sensuality. Enfolding him to her breast, she enslaves his tumescence within her warm embrace and he is lost, within her passion, for eternity...
Anthony Liccione|Arise, my love, let us try to set these ashes on fire again!
Grace Willows|The sound was like a gentle breeze of joy on a warm summer day. It wrapped around his senses and his heart. That was the moment, and he knew he’d be telling her about it fifty years from now when she asked him when it was that he knew that he loved her.
Grace Willows|The heavy rain dripped off his thick leather hat and sloshed on the dry hard ground. To someone with a soul, it might have been peaceful, pretty, even to watch the drops bounce and form graceful puddles before they disappeared into the cracks in the Earth.Daniel Marlin merely cursed. He only saw the weather as another delay before they could rescue their brother from jail. He turned the horse back into the copse of trees, hating to admit defeat.
Mary-Louise Parker, Dear Mr. You|Enraged is the wrong word, but I felt like I wanted to kick you in the shins and then make you banana bread. I wanted to key your car and take you out for dim sum. It was admiration, passion and that voice of yours all mushing together and disarming me, making me want smash something and kiss someone.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Celebrate your achievements, but never let them sink you into the pool of complacency.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Revolving Door of Life|...But I do like the idea of household gods--shall we get some? A set of little statues and bring the boys up to believe in them?""I hope they believe in something," said Elspeth. 'Imagaine believing in nothing at all--not even in love, or justice, or any of the things that can make people passionate.""Such as a country?"Elspeth thought about this. "I suppose there are lots of people who believe in Scotland. Or the European Union, for that matter. Their belief anables them to ... well, to talk about the future with enthusiasm. They don't like things as they are and they are convinced that things will be much improved once they are otherwise.""Well, why not?" asked Matthew."I didn't say there was any reason why not. I'm just commenting on that sort of belief. The trouble is that it might make discussion difficult. If somebody believes to strongly in one particular solution to the world's problems, then it may obscure the nuances. That's all I was saying." Elspeth paused. "They may not see that there are others who have a different view. You can love things in a whole lot of different ways, can't you?
Ashish Patel|A real winner is the one who has the ability to find success by self; who chases success at his/her own will, and never gives a chance to attribute credit of his/her success to his/her referees. No matter how slow he/she goes; how painful are the financial issues; how long it takes to find self; and how likely he/she persevere, in the end, the fruits of success would give enough pleasure than the pleasure earned through references.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|She admired her passion, knowing that passion is by definition excessive.
Anna Bell, Don't Tell the Boss|Ask yourself, if they getting married, would you be upset if you weren't invited? If the answer is no, then that's an easy name to cross off your list.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Pierrot & Columbine|Don't starve an instinct with a lie on, Never hit or deceive a wounded lion. He heals faster than you can imagine And hurts even more when in famine.
Ruche La|Bonjour madame!” , he was coming out of the bathroom when he saw her in the corridor. He was in his blue towel, wrapped around his well built waistline. Rrlene blushed as she saw him semi naked but couldn’t help looking at his bare chest, which ran down to his flat stomach, further covered down by his long towel. His hair all wet, and there were still droplets on his shoulders. She was moving her eyes carefully from one part to another, appreciating everything she saw with her soft gaze, which was kind of stuck on his muscled up chest and she wondered he must have done a lot of tour de france and twisted her lips with a naughty smile.
Cindy Derbyshire|Treat Your Business like a Romance"With Passion
Pablo Neruda, Then Come Back: The Lost Neruda Poems|Dark is the world’s night without you my love,
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|She imagined she could taste the storm in him, the battering winds of desperation and frustration that met her own, blow for blow.
Penny Reid, Grin and Beard It|She was a damn good kisser, maybe the best I'd ever had the immense pleasure of kissing. It helped that her lips were like pillows and she tasted sweet. Not like strawberries or peaches. Sunshine and sweet—her own brand of it. Plus there was desperation in the kiss, an understated but raw passion I couldn't recall ever experiencing before.Or maybe that had been me. Maybe I'd been the passionate, desperate one. No matter. Either way, she'd stolen my breath, robbed me of thought and sense. She was a master thief, and I loved her for it.
Virginia Alison|Do no drown me with mediocrity, give me passion, desire, make me inhale breaths of lust and love in the dark hours that tingle down my spine...
Criss Jami|I do not believe it possible for one to genuinely love Truth more than people (or vice versa). One might fall into the snare of loving the search more than people, or the pride of having exposed something or someone, but not the truth itself. For if you love Truth you love people; because to love people at all and without illusion, you must also love the truth about them.
Kathleen Valentine, The Old Mermaid's Tale: A Novel of the Great Lakes|I remember the strength of her body writhing inside the velvet. And, suddenly, the velvet was gone as though my greedy hands had worn it away and she stood flushed and trembling before me. I forgave every complaint I had leveled against God at the sight of her tremulous beauty—wisps of curls like trickles of burgundy trailing over breasts as plump and round as a pair of bandy hens fattened up for Sunday dinner. I could scarcely touch her. My fingertips traveled over her roundness. In rashness I gathered her to me, pressed against her ... lay her down. I was inside her before her back touched the sheets. Her sighs could give birth to new stars.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|To all the students - no school report card can tell you weather you can achieve your dream or not. Know your purpose, know your dream, know your vision, stay focused, do your job and do not listen to anyone including your report card. Don’t let the board results or rankings bother you. Do what you are passionate about, work harder, do better but don’t let your mark sheet tell you anything.
Tove Jansson, The Woman Who Borrowed Memories: Selected Stories|Passion. As you can see, I've lived quite a long time, which is to say I've been working for quite a long time, which is the same thing. And you know what? In the whole silly business, the only thing that really matters is passion. It comes and it goes. At first it just comes to you free of charge, and you don't understand, and you waste it. And then it becomes a thing to nurture.
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|You askif I will write a poemI could,I supposewrite the mostsplendiferousone of allbut notrightnownot whenyour handsare brewingwarmcinnamon teaacross my skinnot when I’mtrying to imaginewhat might happenif you beganfloweringkissesuponmeMy dear,how canI writea poemwhen I’m alreadyinside one?
Jeanne Ryan, Nerve|I need to use my mind in a way that slows the out-of-control beating in my chest. The darkness around us could be anywhere, anytime. I could be alive or dead. Okay, I choose alive. While I’m at it, I choose the darkness to be a gentle blanket on a moonless night, where I rest a few feet from a boy who’s warm and sweet. When he holds me, his heart beats strong with what I tell myself is passion, not fear.
Tammy Ferebee|One person's disapproval shouldn't make you quit. If it's your passion, a thousand people screaming 'No!' still won't stop you!
Vironika Tugaleva|Amazing relationships aren't about making one perfect choice in your choice of partner. They're about the infinite amount of choices you make in each conflict, each conversation, and each moment to open yourself and to stay open, even when it's hard.
Guy de Maupassant|...perhaps, also this short embrace may infuse in their veins a little of this thrill which they would not have known without it, and will give to those two dead souls, brought to life in a second, the rapid and divine sensation of this intoxication, of this madness which gives to lovers more happiness in an instant than other men can gather during a whole lifetime.
Norman Lock, American Meteor|Anna and I did not make love. I don't remember why. Maybe we didn't need to. She might have been afraid, although I doubt she was afraid of much. She'd been a midwife before she opened a studio; she'd held life in her hands, like a wire from a galvanic cell. Maybe death was too strong in me for an act so inspirited with life. Although I sometimes think that death is what gives lovemaking its desperate and terrible joy.
T.A. Roth, Say Something...|If we were alone, he would have thrown me up against the nearest wall, and holy hell, I would have let him.
Anaïs Nin|Down the rusty bars of ladders to the undergrounds of the night propitious to the first man and woman at the beginning of the world. where there were no words by which to possess each other, no music for serenades, no presents to court with, no tournaments to impress and force a yielding, no secondary instruments, no adornments, necklaces, crowns to subdue, but only one ritual, a joyous, joyous, joyous, joyous, impaling of a woman on a man´s sensual mast
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|We need work as much as we need rest; the two complement each other, one drawing power and enjoyability from the other. Rest is sweet after work, and work enjoyable after a good rest.
Sasha Sokolov, A School for Fools|...what will happen to us this night will resemble a flame consuming the icy desert, a shower of stars reflected in a piece of a mirror that in the darkness suddenly fell out of its frame to warn its owner about the proximity of death. It'll resemble the shepherd's pipe and the music that has not been written yet.
Susan Cooper, Silver on the Tree|The hope is always here, always alive, but only your fierce caring can fan it into a fire to warm the world.
Guy de Maupassant, Complete Original Short Stories of Guy De Maupassant|Is it not rather the touch of Love, of Love the Mysterious, who seeks constantly to unite two beings, who tries his strength the instant he has put a man and a woman face to face?
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|Baraccus had told her that while a number of wizards could make things, the same as the ungifted could make things, it was this component of artistic ability in creating new things that took to to another level and made the makers more than true prophets. Magda remembered the passion in his voice as he told her about such things. Making things was in his soul. Creating new things seemed to be his spark of life.
Aayush Jain|Every successful start-up is built on four pillars. Team, Idea, Passion & Presentations
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Yet I must tell you, that all these graces which are expressed by passions of sorrow, fear, joy, hope, love, are not so certainly to be tried by the passion that is in them, as by the will that is either contained in them, or supposed in them; not as acts of the sensitive, but of the rational appetite (358).
Frida Kahlo, The Diary of Frida Kahlo: An Intimate Self-Portrait|You too know that all my eyes see, all I touch with myself, from any distance, is Diego. The caress of fabrics, the color of colors, the wires, the nerves, the pencils, the leaves, the dust, the cells, the war and the sun, everything experienced in the minutes of the non-clocks and the non-calendars and the empty non-glances, is him.
Jenn Bennett, The Anatomical Shape of a Heart|And then he was kissing me like we were both on fire and he was trying to put the flames out, and I kissed him back like an arsonist with a pocketful of matches.
Sophie Dash, To Wed a Rebel|Isaac dared not move and she did not stir either, both staring up at the canopy above. If he reached over, if he –no, no. It was better to keep a small shield between them, to preserve the little progress they had made in their standoffish, untested relationship, two strangers forced together under impossible circumstances. The last thing he needed was to push her away, to frighten her, to be the brute she’d taken him for. It had been three weeks since they’d been in this very same position and so much had changed and yet so little. A ridiculous, naïve hope drifted into his head before he found sleep: perhaps one day, a long time from now, they would be friends. He would settle for that, if he could have nothing more. Even though he wanted everything.
Richard Whately|To know your ruling passion, examine your castles in the air.
Jocelyn  Murray, The English Pirate|The sea has its moods. Sometimes it is melancholic and morose, other times fierce and feisty. But always passionate. Even when calm, one can sense the depth of the sea’s passion
Bluenscottish|When you quit caring about your dreamswhen your effort is quiet, your Yes moments fade and your options are disappearing before youListen...Your heart will know it is not your time to stop or to dull your momentum,instead ignite your passion, Dig in and prepare yourself to soar to the top.Never be the main character of someone else's story.The chapters you write will be about the ending of Noand will become the beginning of what shall be yourmajestic spiritual awakening.
Virginia Alison|He walks the soft grass, wet with fresh rain, jeans slung low on his hips and shirt hanging open, still dripping from the fevered maelstrom that set fire to the night sky. Fury in his step and passion furrowing his brow...He is my perfect storm...
Grace Willows, Paws For Love|Elizabeth waited until he had left and then promptly burst into laughter. She couldn’t help it, she had been soaked, threatened by a skunk, attacked by a dog and now given a moral lesson by a man that had threatened her with a Winchester earlier. She couldn’t remember ever having a better day.
Philip Pullman|To be sure, there's a warm passion behind what you say. But if you give in to that passion, friends, you're doing what I always warned you agin: you're a placing the satisfaction of your own feelings above the work you have to do... Don't you worry that John Faa's heart is too soft to strike a blow when the time comes. And the time will come under judgement. Not under passion.
Deyth Banger|What I will add as an perfect example of a man who is passionate of his work, without wife, everything giving, no information about his life like mother, father or something like this... I will give as an example NightClawer. People often understand under this name some kind a horror, but unfortunately it's about a reporter and it's not horror. I will call it passion!
Lindsay Detwiler, Without You|For a short burst of time, we completely belong to each other, absorbed by the needs of our physicality, glued together by the passion of our lips.
Tennessee Williams, Sweet Bird of Youth|I’ve been accused of having a death wish but I think it’s life that I wish for, terribly, shamelessly, on any terms whatsoever.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Poems of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|The writer of this legend then recordsIts ghostly application in these words:The image is the Adversary old,Whose beckoning finger points to realms of gold;Our lusts and passions are the downward stairThat leads the soul from a diviner air;The archer, Death; the flaming jewel, Life;Terrestrial goods, the goblet and the knife;The knights and ladies all whose flesh and boneBy avarice have been hardened into stone;The clerk, the scholar whom the love of pelfTempts from his books and from his nobler self.The scholar and the world! The endless strife,The discord in the harmonies of life!The love of learning, the sequestered nooks,And all the sweet serenity of books;The market-place, the eager love of gain,Whose aim is vanity, and whose end is pain!
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Making love, sensing how he felt about her in the high tide of passion, seeing herself through his eyes, brought her to an ecstasy beyond words.
H.G. Wells|There are kisses and kisses, I am told, and this must have been quite the other sort from Millie's resonant signals of regard.
Jeffrey Fry|You can buy a person’s time and work, but you cannot buy their enthusiasm, effort, and passion. Those are earned, and as such, given freely.
Rebecca Traister, All the Single Ladies: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation|In work, it is possible to find commitment, attachment, chemistry, and connection. In fact, it's high time that more people acknowledged the electric pull that women can feel for their profession, the exciting heat of ambition and frisson of success.
Darynda Jones, The Dirt on Ninth Grave|If he didn't hate me so much and he wasn't an evil supernatural being, I'd be on him like black on Cookie's toast.That woman could not make toast.
Jaime Reed, Keep Me In Mind|I’d have to prove to everyone, including Ellia, that I was more than some guy she used to know, that what we shared had and still mattered. She may have forgotten the promise we made on the beach, but I hadn’t, and it was up to me to backup those words with action. Memories and ghosts were for the dead. Living things moved, and I was never one to stand still." ~Liam
David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding|Indulge your passion for science…but let your science be human, and such as may have a direct reference to action and society. Be a philosopher; but amidst all your philosophy, be still a man.
Jaime Reed, Keep Me In Mind|She was my go-to person. I’d tell her everything. Now, all of those late-night phone calls, all the sleepovers at her house because I couldn’t deal with stuff at home, all the crying on her shoulder. It’s all gone. It’s like if she doesn’t know, then it didn’t happen, and if it didn’t happen then what exactly am I holding on to?” ~Stacey
Virginia Alison|Woman cannot survive on droplets, she requires waves to regularly crash over her shores as the moon gives way to the sun...
Dominic Riccitello|It was love. It was lust. It was just between us. The passion, the desire, the fire. The way we held on in so little time and his eyes when he saw me for the first time.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|One passion leads to another. It's passion that makes the wheels of life turn, passion for work, passion for pleasure, passion for passion.
Jaime Reed, Keep Me In Mind|Who cares about fault? As my dad would say, ‘Blame is like your rear-end and reflection. Seeing either always leaves you looking back.’ I’m more worried about what’s in front of me. And right now . . . the view is all messed up.” ~ Ellia
Ezra Pound|Love thou thy dreamAll base love scorning,Love thou the windAnd here take warningThat dreams alone can truly be,For 'tis in dream I come to thee.Ezra Pound, The Songtrad. Ungaretti:Ama il tuo sogno Ama il tuo sognoOgni inferiore amore disprezzando,Il vento amaEd accorgiti quiChe i sogni solo possono veramente essere,Perciò in sogno a raggiungerti m’avvio.
Jaime Reed, Keep Me In Mind|It’s like returning to a familiar room and noticing objects had been moved while you were gone—a chair here, a picture frame there. Items that were once brand new were suddenly broken in and worn from age. It was all very subtle, but enough to suspect paranormal activity or a cruel practical joke. When no one else saw what you saw, the freak factor really kicked in, because you were singled out and left questioning reality." ~Ellia
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|He spoke as if the answer were a matter of indifference to him. But it was not so. For all his pain, he longed to see the author of it. Although he hated Margaret at times, when he thought of that gentle familiar attitude and all the attendant circumstances, he had a restless desire to renew her picture in his mind--a longing for the very atmosphere she breathed. He was in the Charybdis of passion, and must perforce circle and circle ever nearer round the fatal centre.
John Donne|That our affections kill us not, nor dye.
Jaime Reed, Keep Me In Mind|Hope can be foolish or misguided, but there was no such thing as false hope. Hope was always true even when there was no evidence to support its claim.” - Liam
Grace Willows, Into My Heart|Allow me to introduce myself. I am Enrico Manuel Alejandro Stephan Montebello, and you are trespassing on my land.
Jaime Reed, Keep Me In Mind|Love is not for thrill-seekers, dreamers, or children with short attention spans. And you, son, fit into all three of those categories.
Tennessee Williams, A Streetcar Named Desire|The low-tone clarinet moans. The door upstairs opens again. Stella slips down the rickety stairs in her robe. Her eyes are glistening with tears and her hair loose about her throat and shoulders. They stare at each other. Then they come together with low, animal moans. He falls to his knees on the steps and presses his face to her belly, curving a little with maternity. Her eyes go blind with tenderness as she catches his head and raises him level with her. He snatches the screen door open and lifts her off her feet and bears her into the dark flat.
Simon S. Tam|People who are driven by their values will overcome hurdles, difficulties, and obstacles in ways that people driven only by profit will never be able to
Sherryl Jordan, Winter of Fire|This love frightens me, it causes me fear and ecstasy and pain and a thousand other things I never knew I could feel.It terrifies me, leaves me wounded and open and vulnerable.But I want you to know it exists.And I want you to know that if there ever comes a day in your life when you want my love, then it is here.I will be here.Always.That is all I want you to know.
K.A. Hill, The Winners' Guide|Life is difficult for us all. We’re all driven by love, and the desire to be loved and happy. If you take the right attitude, you think positively, you fill yourself with gratitude, joy and passion – it could be hell on earth and you’d still be happy.
Angie karan|When you do or think or feel something, do it with passion. Let it come from the heart. Put your heart and soul in it. And when you do, you will feel a river flowing sweetly through you and especially through your entire life. Life has much more meaning that way. ﻿
Dillon Burroughs, Faith Acts: A Provocative Call to Live What You Believe|When God gives you a passion for a particular cause, there is a reason for it, and that reason is not to keep it to yourself. You are called to be a representative for those in need.
Linda Kage, Price of a Kiss|...but he tightened his grip so he could kiss my mangled middle finger. Yes, yes, I know. He put his mouth on a part of my body. I'm surprised I'm still conscious enough to talk about it.
Beatriz Williams, The Forgotten Room|This was what she couldn't get enough of, not if she lived forever: Harry on her skin, Harry's grateful kisses on her neck, Harry and Olive, teeming and sated, brimming over with each other, as if this house and this world had been built by God's hands for their love alone.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|The mental agony I have suffered, during the last two days, wrings from me the avowal to you of a passion which, as you well know, is not one of yesterday, nor one I have lightly formed. On Rose, sweet, gentle girl! my heart is set, as firmly as ever heart of man was set on woman. I have no thought, no view, no hope in life, beyond her; and if you oppose me in this great stake, you take my peace and happiness in your hands, and cast them to the wind. Mother, think better of this, and of me, and do not disregard the happiness of which you seem to think so little.
Moutasem Algharati|Your present interests are not a solid basis of a career decisions. So, stop following your passion and Do What Is Valuable.!
Oksana Rus|Meet me there, where the sea meets the sky...
Elon Musk|I could go and buy one of the islands in theBahamas and turn it into my personal fiefdom, but I am much more interested in trying to build andcreate a new company.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I love you in order to begin loving you,to start infinity againand never to stop loving you:that is why I do not love you yet.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|Maybe we don’t ever feel that sweetly untainted and wholly majestic kind of love that takes every longing captive because we are hopelessly entangled in the illogical fear that despite all of love’s grand goodness, it might not be good enough to keep us safe.
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|His eyes spark as his gaze dips to my cleavage, and this gives me courage. I shift forward and slip my hands under his shirt, brushing my fingers against the muscles of his abdomen. Noah sharply inhales and, in seconds, his shirt is off and thrown into the corner of the tent.I love his naked chest, and I decide to play. Biting my bottom lip, hoping to contain the smile, I nudge Noah’s shoulder, indicating for him to lie down. He flashes his wicked grin and reclines back, except he snags his hand around my wrist and tugs me with him.I laugh as I come face-to-face with him. My body on top of his and when I wiggle, I close my eyes, liking the pleasure of intimate parts touching. My hips squirm and with the movement, Noah immediately kisses my lips while knotting his fingers in my hair.There’s no subtlety in our kiss. All of the passion, all of the longing, all of the emotion rush out of us like water hurtling toward a cliff. It’s fast and raw and out of control.
Mookhatchka Khalid|You. You are the last page of hundred pages I have written in my journal. Filling its pages with special kind of spoken words without a sound, and the I Love You that's been written and rewritten countless times. After all this time that I spent writing about you in my journals, can you still not understand? Only you can fill this quietness and emptiness, only you can take this grief away, isn't it obvious? Who else will save your soul and mine? God knows, it is you that will heal the holes and cracks of times.
Qiu Miaojin, Last Words from Montmartre|Passion. It's not a male body's, & it's not a female body's It's not the penetration or reception of sex organs, & it's not how powerful a body is or the amount of its sexual secretions. It's not how a person expresses their strengths or weaknesses to other people. Passion is a quality, a quality that is an energy resource that someone can tap into within themselves. The type of passion I've been searching for in people is similar to my own. It's not necessarily in the body of a woman.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 2|Miguel came to my restless mind, as he always did when I slept. Old memories never left me alone.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 2|The only time you've been under me is when I've been inside of you and even then, you're never truly under me. I always remain under you.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Passion is the driving element of purpose. When one is possessed with it, labor is not perceived as toil - it is revealed as love.
Abigail Ford, Riches and Glory: A Christian Romance Story|God's given me a fierce passion for teaching girl's my age and younger, maybe even older, about purity, and the fact that it is not a physical thing but in fact that of the heart.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 2|Without her, I couldn't live.
Tan Redding, A Banquet Of Crumbs|In front of him stood the woman of his dreams, giving him one last chance to kiss her.Reason didn’t stand a chance.
Tan Redding, A Banquet Of Crumbs|Talking to you is like talking to someone I’ve never met before. When did you become so competitive? When did you decide that you needed to win all of the time?’He stopped dead in the promenade and grabbed her hand, turning her to face him.He caught her by surprise. She leant her neck backwards slightly in defence.‘When I lost you.
Adam Phillips, Missing Out: In Praise of the Unlived Life|Falling in love, finding your passion, are attempts to locate, to picture, to represent what you unconsciously feel frustrated about, and by.
Anamika Mishra|Haters may hate, but we can't stop loving.
Darynda Jones, Brighter Than the Sun|There's another part, an obstinate part, that wants more. That wants Dutch live and in the flesh. That wants her hand. Her mouth. Her hips under mine. It wants all of her. Every last ounce. Body and soul.
Lauren Rowe, The Club|Find what you're good at. whatever it is, and become excellent at it. Excellence isn't magic - it's habit, the by product of doing something over and over and striving to be the best at it. Simply figure out what your passion is, and resolve to make excellence your habit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whatever you do, put all your soul, your spirit and your strength into it.
Kenji Yoshino, A Thousand Times More Fair: What Shakespeare's Plays Teach Us About Justice|To read Shakespeare is to feel encompassed -- the plays contain practically every word I know, practically every character type I have ever met, and practically every idea I have ever had.
Preeti Shenoy, It Happens for a Reason|When you are passionate about something, it shows. There is no point doing something that does not make you feel happy just to earn money. If you hate what you are doing, you are then just wasting your life.
Goitsemang Mvula|Be the fire when they feel cold, you go out, they are without
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|We loved each other with a premature love, marked by a fierceness that so often destroys adult lives.I was a strong lad and survived; but the poison was in the wound, and the wound remained ever open
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins.My sin, my soul. Lo-lee-ta: the tip of the tongue taking a trip of three steps down the palate to tap, at three, on the teeth.Lo. Lee. Ta. She was Lo, plain Lo, in the morning, standing four feet ten in one sock. She was Lola in slacks. She was Dolly at school.She was Dolores on the dotted line. But in my arms she was always Lolita.
Charles Bukowski, Sifting Through the Madness for the Word, the Line, the Way|if it doesn’t come bursting out of youin spite of everything,don’t do it.unless it comes unasked out of yourheart and your mind and your mouthand your gut,don’t do it.
Drishti Bablani|Curiosity is often mistaken as Love,Since they both have the common elements of Interest and Passion
Julie Buxbaum, The Opposite of Love|Because if I'm going to spend at least seventy-five percent of my waking hours doing something, I want that something to have meaning. I am tired of wasting my time. I am starting to realize that I want my life to matter in every way that it can.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is a journey of tenacity. Only the tough gets to the top through the storm. Take the steps one by one though the errand may be arduous. Never give up though you may grow weary. Think of the purpose though its attainment may be tough. Dare to get to the crown though you may meet the obstacles. You are never born to relax all day but to dare to do the undone. If only it is reasonable enough within the real reasons of your life, and if your soul and spirit convince you of getting it done, then, you have the real reasons to dare for the crown.
David Baddiel|Yeah! "I love you" is subject to the law of diminishing returns; like one or two other critical weekly elements of a relationship, it loses a bit of thrilling value every time you get it out.'... That's what happens with "I love you", that same phrase that you once shouted Hollywood or Heathcliff-like in the lashing raining, now- now you are saying it dumbly at the end of every phone conversation, a follow-on from," I'll be back for dinner." Once it came out spontaneous rush, it forced itself out; now it's reflex.
Sophie Barnes, The Earl's Complete Surrender|Books are my passion," James told her, "I cannot imagine passing a day without reading.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|A spirit without an outlet for its passion, is as good as dead.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|In this age of 'whatever,' Americans are becoming slaves to the new tyranny of nonchalance. " James Morris
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|Curiosity – if not desire, if not plain kindness – might have led him to greater zeal.
Jens Peter Jacobsen, Niels Lyhne|He did not think of love as an eternally vigilant, blazing flame, which with its powerful, flickering glow shown into all the peaceful folds of life and in some fantastic way made everything seem bigger and stronger than it was. For him, love was more like the calm, smoldering ember that gives off an even heat from its soft bed of ashes and in the muted twilight tenderly forgets what is distant and makes what is near seem twice as close and twice as intimate.
Zdravko Čurdinjaković|Again, I've missed you by a minute
Alain Robbe-Grillet|I felt condemned to obscurity and to celibacy. But when one is driven by passion, one can live on almost nothing, and I was driven by passion for writing. One does not starve in modern, Western societies, and one can do without such amenities as the telephone, a car, entertainment.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|All this while I kept thinking where did I go wrong, all this while he wasn't mine to lose.
Daniel Mendelsohn|Authority could derive from passion, not pieces of paper.
John Willis Zumwalt|The sad reality is that there are many Christians who are “saved”, “heaven bound,” and “hell proofed” who do not care about the souls of the lost. What a beautiful contrast our Lord Jesus Christ is! His passion for souls brought Him from Heaven to earth, His Passion for souls motivated His compassionate activity. His passion for souls pressed Him to a rough cross where He surrendered His life to save the lost.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The sacred soul who desire to work, must not be interrupted.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every New Year brings new expectations, new enthusiasms and new experiences.
John Mark Green|Sometimes it feels like you've set off a spectacular lightning show in my heart, and I wonder if other people can see the flashes through my skin.
John Mark Green|When she smiled at me, I felt unborn poems stirring within.
John Mark Green|And if the stars should ever die, we'll make our own light, you and I.
Deejay Kapil|Sometimes it doesn't make sense- the short periods of time we get with the best moments and with people, or their outcomes from their choices.However, if we turn it over to the golden light that flies around us.The breathing wind of the evening promises that we will see the big picture in the hereafter with a new dawn tomorrow.Nothing is too small to be a mistake.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Where there is passion, there is possibility.
Danika Stone, Intaglio: Dragons All The Way Down|She turned his hand over, tracing letters into his palm. I…L.O.V.E…Y.O.U…
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|Lincoln told a family friend that his father taught him to work, but never learned him to love it.
Deejay Kapil|Mine is a quest, for a mouthful of skies.!
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I love you without knowing how, nor when, nor from where,I love you directly without problems or pride:I love you this way because I know no other way to love,
Stuart Firestein|Persistence in the face of failure is of course important, but it is not the same thing as dedication or passion. Persistence is a discipline that you learn; devotion is a dedication you can't ignore.
Qiu Miaojin, Last Words from Montmartre|It's easy for the body to be open to desiring different people because desire wells up & demands to be satisfied. It's easy to categorize corporeal desire as sexuality, but if it has no means of merging with spiritual desire, then a rupture will occur between sprit & flesh. For ultimately passion & sex aren't only expressed physically but through a true union between two spirits. When the spirit can truly love & find contentment, both the body & the other key aspects of life will fall naturally into place, working in unison, merging.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|What if the heart, for its own unfathomable reasons, leads one willfully and in a cloud of unspeakable radiance away from health, domesticity, civic responsibility and strong social connections and all the blandly-held common virtues and instead straight toward a beautiful flare of ruin, self-immolation, disaster?…If your deepest self is singing and coaxing you straight toward the bonfire, is it better to turn away? Stop your ears with wax? Ignore all the perverse glory your heart is screaming at you? Set yourself on the course that will lead you dutifully towards the norm, reasonable hours and regular medical check-ups, stable relationships and steady career advancement the New York Times and brunch on Sunday, all with the promise of being somehow a better person? Or…is it better to throw yourself head first and laughing into the holy rage calling your name?
Hillary Wen|I am a woman who’s passionate about life. Perhaps too full of passion for the majority of the world to understand. I lust for adventure and stories; I feel everything. I’m a lover and a fighter. I fight for what I love and I love what I fight for. I yearn for what is more than life, and I live beyond that yearning.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|When you are clear on your calling, you command the universe to submit to your voice
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I have hunger for your mouth, for your voice, for your hair
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|Oh invade me with your scalding mouth,search me if you like, with your nocturnal eyes,but allow me to sail and sleep upon your name.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|Love, my territory of kisses and volcanoes.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I love the piece of earth you are,because in all the planetary prairiesI do not have another star. You repeatthe multiplication of the universe.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I repeated: come with me, as if I were dying,and no one saw in my mouth the moon that was bleeding,no one saw the blood that was rising into the silence.Oh love, now let us forget the star with thorns!
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|Of so much moon were your hips to me,of all the sun your deep mouth and its delight,of so much burning light like honey in the shade
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|I paint the darkness and the silence, You see them as stars and poetry.
Alahdal A. Hussein|Find your passion, it makes all the difference.
Atul Kumar Sharma|If you wanna live long, live your Passion.
Kij Johnson|Aeneas comes to her court a suppliant, impoverished and momentarily timid. He is a good-looking man. If anything, his scars emphasize that. The aura of his divine failure wraps around him like a cloak. Dido feels the tender contempt of the strong for the unlucky, but this is mixed with something else, a hunger that worms through her bones and leaves them hollow, to be filled with fire.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Three Ps that I can't sacrifice: Process, Purpose, and Principles.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I would rather live a joyful simple life, doing what I love, than to be unhappy and rich.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|To all young people out there: This is the time you should be fearless but not jobless. Identify the right job, find what excited you the most, find what you are the most passionate about.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I will live a joyful simple life, doing what I love.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|I refuse to believe in three things: cash, clock, and calendar. You should never be enslaved by these three.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You must want it, to chase for it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I will rather be poor doing what I love, than to be rich hating what I do.
Susan Browne, Buddha's Dogs|Let us live for passion,/ for the taking off of clothes,/tossing them over our shoulder.
Kelly Moran, Exposure|Say yes. Open your eyes, see that it's me, and say yes.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Begin to live, love, laugh, kiss, smile, hug…!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do not waste your life, in search for a job.Use your special gifts to create work for yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Pursuit of passion, dream of dreamers!
Rob Sheffield|Renee loved to do things. That was mysterious to me, since I was more comfortable talking about things and never doing them. She liked passion. She liked adventure. I cowered from passion and talked myself out of adventure.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You have unlimited resources, begin your work!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Our stories must be written, shared and communicated.
Josephine Hart, Damage|Men and women find all sorts of ways to be together, all sorts of ways. Yours was high and dangerous. Most of us stay on the lower paths.
Shannon L. Alder|You hid in my ink and guided my hand. You stained the pages with your silence as God wrote the words, "Be still." Yet, my heart's blindness could only write in loud hues of red, "I love you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The world needs great inspirers, to ignite the light in every soul.
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|But if we do not try, the dream will remain a dream.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|I have always been a fire, and everyone I loved walked away as ashes, until I met a phoenix who was born to love flames.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I have found a higher calling; inspirational-writing!I can’t imagine myself doing any other work, when I ought to write and transmit, awe-inspiring-words, to the souls longing for it.
Elizabeth Bourgeret|A woman in love respects and raises up her man. She is his constant source of support. She matches his heart and passions with her own. She sees the very best in him, even when he does not. She is his foundation; what he returns home to.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Together, we can serve humanity with our unique passions, gifts and abilities.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more we serve, the more strength, we receive to keep the good deeds.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As far as I can go, I will reach for it.
Anna Freeman, The Fair Fight|I know very little about darkness, Mr Bowden, except that we cannot stop its coming.
Emi Iyalla|Life is easy for some, hard for others. Some succeed with minimal effort, others have to put in a lot of efforts and some have it served in a dish. Whichever your case is, make the best of it. Enjoy the journey.You can't control the side of life you fall into but you can rise beyond any limitation it places on you. Those who have it easy are made of plastic, you are made of steel. Do what you must today.
Ogwo David Emenike|Relaxation is good, holidays are necessary, but there is nothing as rewarding and healthy as doing what you love and loving what you do. Our honest toil should inspire and satisfy us.
Anna Freeman, The Fair Fight|I could not tell anymore how much of the screaming came from my own mouth. I was borne up on the swell of it, I was the sound. We were all howling together, the poor and the quality, the boxing girl and the beast inside my breast. If she was a madwoman, then we were all of us with her, and I had never felt such savage elation, nor known that it existed.
Emi Iyalla|Whether you sweep the toilet of a school or you make cloths. Whether you take pictures of dancers or you are a full-time house wife.Whether you are a village jester or the president of a company, never trivialize what you do. Your work, no matter how small you think it is can make a difference in someone's life. It all begins with you. It's not what you do, it's how you do it.I have seen a traffic police bring minutes of joy and happiness to people's lives in a way that Presidents of nations cannot. Anytime you trivialize what gives you an income, you sell yourself cheap and lose your dignity. Do your work with all excitement, joy and positivity. Learn and grow from it. And if you haven't found a job to do, look for one with the same zeal as you would do the actual work. Good morning and may God bless our efforts. Emi Iyalla
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You can achieve the set-goals with passion, persistent with perseverance.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You must fall in love with your job, over and over again, to own it.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Razor's Edge|Passion is destructive. It destroyed Antony and Cleopatra, Tristan and Isolde, Parnell and Kitty O'Shea. And if it doesn't destroy it dies. It may be then that one is faced with the desolation of knowing that one has wasted the years of one's life, that one's brought disgrace upon oneself, endured the frightful pang of jealousy, swallowed every bitter mortification, that one's expended all one's tenderness, poured out all the riches of one's soul on a poor drab, a fool, a peg on which on hung one's dreams, who wasn't worth a stick of chewing gum.
Anaïs Nin|I am made only for passion; it is the temperature of love that I cannot endure. I am afraid, and I think it is death- everything but passion seems like death to me. Only in fever do I feel life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|My priority is not about grades. I yearn for knowledge, skills and wisdom.
Jenny Lynne, Above the Sky|I take small, shallow breaths, even though my lungs are begging for more air. I feel the heat of Ten’s controlled breaths against my face. As we stand there, it feels as if an electric charge is growing between us, so powerful that it would shock us if we moved even a millimeter closer together. And yet I feel like I want to.
Anaïs Nin, Mirages: The Unexpurgated Diary of Anais Nin|They clutch and cling and howl when I leave them, but how badly they love.
|There is no greater success than turning your true passion into a dream, and seeing its reality come to manifestation.
Manprit Kaur|Don’t whittle your potential, just because others don’t believe in you. The only worthy question is “Do You Believe in You?
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|Without empathy and love there is no morality, no altruism, no compassion for others. The scientific mindset, like the artistic and spiritual ones, must be passionate and not easily dissuaded from its path. Although, the empirical mindset must be ever more vigilant than the artist because there is much more at stake than just individual freedom, there is the very basis for truthful inquiry.
Goitsemang Sandra Mvula|There's no such thing as having something to fall back on in life, there's passion, talent, skills, compassion and purpose. Choice is a prerequisite
Manprit Kaur|Plans become Platitudes, if you don't have Passion and Persistence to Execute them!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With great passion, observe every details of the sacred journey.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Passions cannot take wings in adversity, and adversities remain prevalent because of dormant passions.
Robert Thier, Storm and Silence|And worse, far worse – he wasn't just kissing me. He was making me like it! And he was somehow, by some nefarious chauvinistic manly trick managing to make me kiss him back!
Robert Thier, Storm and Silence|His lips reached mine and enveloped them, soft as velvet and yet unyielding.
Robert Thier, Storm and Silence|His silent, stony face was only inches away now. He was so near, so terribly near – and then he moved to close the last bit of distance.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|Before she could stop her hands, they reached for him, as though they existed for no other reason than to touch him. Her fingers brushed across his jaw with a feather's caress before pulling away, and he closed his eyes on a soft inhale. Like the poison toying with its remedy, Shahrzad's hands ignored her and took control, a mere taste of his skin not nearly enough. Never enough.
Ahmad Ardalan|Love and peace are not just words, they are a way of life. And in an honest living, love will always conquer.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and passion, unattended, is a flame that burns to its own destruction.
Renee Ahdieh|She was drowning in sandalwood and sunlight. Time ceased to be more than a notion. Her lips were hers one moment. And then they were his. The taste of him on her tongue was like sun-warmed honey. Like cool water sliding down her parched throat. Like the promise of all her tomorrows in a single sigh. When she wound her fingers in his hair to draw her body against his, he stilled for breath, and she knew, as he knew, that they were lost. Lost forever. In this kiss. This kiss that would change everything.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I will pursue the dream, no matter how long it takes to fulfil it.
Pam Farrel, Woman of Influence: Ten Traits of Those Who Want to Make a Difference|We do not have to go in search of passion. Instead we need to search for God, who plants the seed of passion in our hearts.
Justine Musk|Passion is not what gives you bliss or makes you happy 24/7, but what you're willing to suffer for, what you genuinely believe to be worth the sacrifice.
Sameh Elsayed|The universe is a life giving force that is part of us. It flows in harmony through us guiding our every step. It maintain the harmony and flow of life. It gives us the passion and the knowledge we need to live and be inspired by. Yet in return, it is inspired by the human spirit
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Education, possessions, or people cannot replace passion, but they are given meaning by your passion in life.
Anna Agoncillo, Psychology Of Love, Money, & Life|Let your passion serve as your energy source to keep you going. I can attest that you will be happier, healthier, and more successful at it.
Ramana Pemmaraju|When your emotion finds a true expression in other person, he's your soul mate. Never leave him!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The time is now. What you have to do, do it now.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be daring, be passionate and persistently pursue your dreams.
The Truth|When you look back with regret, that (regret, loss) becomes your focus. Then your focus directs you: you go back to that – again and again.Choose a new rudder: Look forward now – and focus on your passion with joyful anticipation.Then your passion will fill the empty space of your loss...and where you land up will amaze you!
The Truth|When you look back with regret, that (regret, loss) becomes your focus. Then your focus directs you: you go back to that – again and again.Look forward now – and focus on your passions with joyful anticipation.Then your passion will fill the gap of your loss...and where you land us will amaze you!
Michael  Sanders, Ayahuasca: An Executive's Enlightenment|I hope to inspire you to recognize that your reason for existence is to pursue the things that excite you the most. The best thing you can do--for yourself and everyone else--is to act on the things you're most passionate about. When you do, you'll shine, and everyone else will see that brilliance.On a biological level, the mirror neutrons of the people around you will activate. They will recognize that they can also follow their dreams and accomplish things they have always wanted to accomplish. On a spiritual level, their souls will remember their reason for being.
Salil Jha, Naked Soul: The Erotic Love Poems|I believe eros dwells in our innermost being as the spirit of creative expression. To me, eros is a great path that we must walk, a song we listen to, a game that we hunt and enjoy, a lesson to learn, a garden where flowers bloom, a prodigious puzzle to solve, a book to read, a chapter to write, and an ocean to swim in. That’s what eros is to me.
Al Álvarez, The Savage God: A Study of Suicide|Suicide is a confession of failure. And like divorce, it is shrouded in excuses and rationalizations spun endlessly to disguise the simple fact that all one's energy, passion, appetite and ambition have been aborted.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Men hate passion, any great passion. Henry Cameron made a mistake : he loved his work. That was why he fought. That was why he lost.
César Vallejo|and this passion, like bad kerosene, barely burns.
Bertrand Russell|What I Have Lived ForThree passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind. These passions, like great winds, have blown me hither and thither, in a wayward course, over a great ocean of anguish, reaching to the very verge of despair. I have sought love, first, because it brings ecstasy - ecstasy so great that I would often have sacrificed all the rest of life for a few hours of this joy. I have sought it, next, because it relieves loneliness--that terrible loneliness in which one shivering consciousness looks over the rim of the world into the cold unfathomable lifeless abyss. I have sought it finally, because in the union of love I have seen, in a mystic miniature, the prefiguring vision of the heaven that saints and poets have imagined. This is what I sought, and though it might seem too good for human life, this is what--at last--I have found.With equal passion I have sought knowledge. I have wished to understand the hearts of men. I have wished to know why the stars shine. And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by which number holds sway above the flux. A little of this, but not much, I have achieved. Love and knowledge, so far as they were possible, led upward toward the heavens. But always pity brought me back to earth. Echoes of cries of pain reverberate in my heart. Children in famine, victims tortured by oppressors, helpless old people a burden to their sons, and the whole world of loneliness, poverty, and pain make a mockery of what human life should be. I long to alleviate this evil, but I cannot, and I too suffer. This has been my life. I have found it worth living, and would gladly live it again if the chance were offered me.
Olga Goa|You are like the winged goddess from Greek mythology. As beautiful and soaring like an angel as her". #MilanoVeneziani. #ItalianPassion:
Ahmad Ardalan, The Gardener of Baghdad|Two people, one city, different times; connected by a memoir. Can love exist in a city destined for decades of misery?
Olga Goa|You've got something that I don't have. Innocence. Ur eyes express it, & I can read everything in them". #MilanoVeneziani. #ItalianPassion
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|If only he could convince her, his dream would be within reach
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|She sang late into the night, till her heart was full
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|When love beckons to you, follow him,Though his ways are hard and steep.And when his wings enfold you yield to him,Though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you.And when he speaks to you believe in him,Though his voice may shatter your dreams as the north wind lays waste the garden.
Olga Goa|You are like the winged goddess from Greek mythology. As beautiful and soaring like an angel as her". #MilanoVeneziani. #ItalianPassion
Olga Goa|Although I think the word "pleasure" is unknown to you. More precisely, its practical meaning". #MilanoVeneziani. #ItalianPassion
Olga Goa|I cannot perceive that you're still a girl. Ur kisses don't seem so innocent. They just drive me crazy!" #MilanoVeneziani. #ItalianPassion
Lindsay Detwiler, Voice of Innocence|No matter how far apart we may be, no matter what dreams we may chase after individually, I want you to know that you will always be my first priority. I will always, always love you.
Abraham H. Maslow|Obviously the most beautiful fate, the most wonderful good fortune that can happen to any human being, is to be paid for doing that which he passionately loves to do.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|In trying moments, you must keep trying... In grieving times, don't think of giving up! Employ your passion to work; something great to enjoy is approaching!
Natalya Vorobyova|Love and Hate: both are four-lettered and both involve passion. And sometimes when love turns into hate, passion grows murderous.
Darien Cox, Victim of Love|Sometimes, in order to achieve our goals, we have to change ourselves. Sometimes we have to change ourselves just to survive. We might worry that we’re becoming an entirely different person. But this is often what’s required to move on to the place we want to be.If the goal is passion, the kind of passion that leads to love, you can pretty much guarantee that the journey is going to change you. But the one thing that never changes is the heart. And since the heart wants what the damn heart wants, be prepared to probably get the shit kicked out of you for a while to make it happen.But if you can hold tight and white-knuckle the turbulence, it’s usually a worthwhile trip.Because the destination is fucking fabulous.
Jeaniene Frost, The Beautiful Ashes|This is why I stayed away," he growled against my mouth as his hands started to rove over me with knowing, ruthless passion. "Can't be near you without wanting you. Can't stop myself anymore--
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|Our eyes are closed, but even without seeing, they’re only for each other.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|A team's inspiration comes from individuals' aspirations. The combined quality of individual passions makes a team's impact to excel. When you are in a team, play a part!
Sunday Adelaja|Prayer has to be fervent, intensive, passionate and from the heart.
OlgaGOA|I want to forget myself in you..." #MilanoVeneziani. #ItalianPassion
OlgaGOA|You are like a narcotic plant..." #TimothySvetlov. #ItalianPassion
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You want to achieve your dreams early, right? I know of only one back door; that's HARDWORK. Only few people use that entrance so the advantage is that there is no or less traffic there!
OlgaGOA|Stop smiling as if we'd been acquainted with you for ages!" #VeronicaLedyanova. #ItalianPassion
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If your passion does not keep you sleepless, you can't be a good beginner. When passion itches, a great hand scratches... Wake up, it's your time to rise above idleness!
Criss Jami, Healology|God is not a God of confusion, although at times one's judgment, for a period, may become clouded in the mi(d)st of one's growth process. I stopped fooling myself into thinking that Christ is always for the cool kids and never for those upright and uptight religious people everybody hates.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|No struggle, no success! The strongest thunder strikes often bring the heaviest rainfall! The weight of your fulfillment depends on how wide you cast your nets!
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If you cannot see the rainbow because your face is down, don't argue that no rainbow is up there. Lift up your passion and take your dreams off the ground!
Juliet Marillier, Daughter of the Forest|You know not, yet, the sort of love that strikes like a lightning bold; that clutches hold of you by the heart, as irrevocably as death; that becomes the lodestar by which you steer the rest of your life.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Nay, without thought or conscious desire, might not things external to ourselves vibrate in unison with our moods and passions, atom calling to atom in secret love or strange affinity?
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|If you have the desire, passion and enthusiasm to do something, nothing in the world will stop you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Laziness is when your sleep overcomes your passion, not under the influence of drugs but under the control of excuses and procrastination!
Lauren Blakely, 21 Stolen Kisses|The air between us crackles like it always has, like it has its own energy or frequency. One of us is going to bend. One of us is going to break.
Oscar Wilde|You will always be loved, and you will always be in love with love. A grande passion is the privilege of people who have nothing to do.
David McCullough|Measurements "are never enough. The artist's eye and desire to breathe life into the subject must be the deciding factors.
Chelsea Ballinger, Sinners & Saints|Are you trying to call me strange, Mandrake?” I pout playfully.He nods. “Your strange is what makes you sensational to me.
Chelsea Ballinger, Sinners & Saints|I hear your voice in my sleep. When I’m near you, I am aware of every fucking second your body shifts. When I’m not near you... I can’t even think straight because I’m too busy thinking about what stupid thing you said or visualizing every smile you give me. Seeing you with my brother awakens my dark heart... kissing you, carves out my soul. I forsake every itch my body has for you just so I cannot be trapped by you. Never in my life have I wanted a woman so much yet couldn’t do it because I know that once we really just...” I lift my hands up clawing at the air. “When we sink into each other... it will be over.
Karen Keast, The Surprise Of His Life|Denim and doubt, cotton and caution, fell to the floor in a forgotten heap
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, The Road Taken|If they had given in to passion, throwing caution to the wind,they would have lost everything.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|What I am interested in, what I write and care about, exists in the slow lane, somewhere between hand-ploughed fields and a pint of real ale.
Chris Burkmenn|When we look back at life we realize no true moment defined us, but in fact the events leading up to that moment.
Joseph Conrad|The man up there raged aloud in two languages, and with a sincerity in his fury that almost convinced me I had, in some way, sinned against the harmony of the universe
Miguel Reynolds Brandao, The Sustainable Organisation - a paradigm for a fairer society: Think about sustainability in an age of technological progress and rising inequality|Without passion, nobody can truly commit to anything and without optimism, positive outcomes become scarce.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Quitters and waiters have a varied beginning, but a similar ending. They don't win! Don't wait; don’t quit... Arise and shine with the light of passion right there in you!
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Uncle Silas|How marvellously lie our anxieties, in filmy layers, one over the other! Take away that which has lain on the upper surface for so long—the care of cares—the only one, as it seemed to you, between your soul and the radiance of Heaven—and straight you find a new stratum there. As physical science tells us no fluid is without its skin, so does it seem with this fine medium of the soul, and these successive films of care that form upon its surface on mere contact with the upper air and light.
Kiki Archer, But She Is My Student|Kat stood immobile and watched with pain, a kiss of passion, a kiss of desire; a kiss that could never be hers.
Chris Burkmenn|We often lose ourselves to where we think we should be, rather than celebrate where we already are.
David McCullough, The Greater Journey: Americans in Paris|Those for whom things came easily usually made less of an effort, not more.
Suman Pokhrel|May this night come wearing drunk cloak of love, carrying passionate desires, and intoxication of love! Tonight, may I get so drunk in love that I do not see any dreams!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God is the source of life, wealth and honour. Live life for His glory.
Chris Burkmenn|All roads are tough, but you have to choose the one you know you'll never be sorry for taking.
Winston S. Churchill|Democracy is more vindictive than cabinets, the wars of peoples will be more terrible than those of kings.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|To such an extent does passion manifest itself in us as a temporary and distinct character, which not only takes the place of our normal character but actually obliterates the signs by which that character has hitherto been discernible.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|One more action to transform your dreams, one more passion to reform your brand; give one more trial and you’ll never regret your willingness to hold on!
John Eldredge, Killing Lions: A Guide Through the Trials Young Men Face|One of the great wonders of Christianity is that you were born into your times, to set your times aright.
Jack London|As the days went by, the evolution of like into love was accelerated.  White Fang himself began to grow aware of it, though in his consciousness he knew not what love was.  It manifested itself to him as a void in his being—a hungry, aching, yearning void that clamoured to be filled.  It was a pain and an unrest; and it received easement only by the touch of the new god’s presence.  At such times love was joy to him, a wild, keen-thrilling satisfaction.  But when away from his god, the pain and the unrest returned; the void in him sprang up and pressed against him with its emptiness, and the hunger gnawed and gnawed unceasingly.
David Leavitt|Novels are forged in passion, demand fidelity and commitment, often drive you to boredom or rage, sleep with you at night.
Nikki Rowe|I am not a day dreamer, I am a believer, that after every painful love I have gone through, it is just an experience to crack open the deepest parts of my core and allow to me to delve into a passion so rare, that I will find a love that was almost, never meant to be.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|You turn me on from across the room, and I’ll completely melt if you come any closer.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Nothing matures a Man like RESPONSIBILITIES,Nothing humbles him like MISSED OPPORTUNITIES,What makes him are his CHOICES,And nothing changes him like LOVE.Nothing defines a Man like his CHARACTER,Nothing teaches him like his EXPERIENCE,What drives him is his VISION,And nothing weakens him like BETRAYAL.Nothing scares a Man like losing his EGO,Nothing pursues him like his PASSION,What interests him is his GAME,And nothing intoxicates him like his DESIRES.But above all, NOTHING FAVOURS A MAN LIKE FINDING A GOOD WOMAN.
Claire Messud|She wanted to remind him, whether his family was there or not. She wanted. And wanted. And endured in her wanting: the damp seat, the dry chicken, more champagne, the headache the champagne brought, the midges, the chat, his failure, no refusal, to look, look at me, I caused a thunderstorm with my passion and I sit here shaking under my skin and you don't notice because you're trying so hard not to notice, but all the people at the table there are really only you and me and you know it, the air is charged with it, it's a heat, a hot wind, and Marina and Seely are a sham next to it, Annabel ceases to exist, is simply obliterated in the gale of it, this isn't a fantasy, not my imagination, I can tell by the way you lift your fork, by the set of your jaw, by that sixth cigarette you are smoking me, or would if you could; but how long can we sustain it, how long till eruption, till the storm returns again and they can all see what it is, what it really is?
Jane Austen, Lady Susan|I shall ever despise the man who can be gratified by the passion which he never wished to inspire, nor solicited the avowal of.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|When all the fights stop, so does the passion.
Pier Paolo Pasolini, Roman Poems|The fury of confession, at first,then the fury of clarity:It was from you, Death, that such hypocriticalobscure feeling was born! And nowlet them accuse me of every passion,let them bad-mouth me, let them say I’m deformed,impure, obsessed, a dilettante, a perjurer.You isolate me, you give me the certainty of life,I’m on the stake. I play the card of fireand I win this little, immense goodness of mine.I can do it, for I have suffered you too much!I return to you as an émigré returnsto his own country and rediscovers it:I made a fortune (in the intellect)and I’m happy, as I once was,destitute of any norm,a black rage of poetry in my breast.A crazy old-age youth.Once your joy was confused with terror,it’s true, and now almost with other joy,livid and arid, my passion deluded.Now you really frighten me,for you are truly close to me,part of my angry state, of obscure hunger,of the anxiety almost of a new being.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Your knowledge is not a substitute for your passion. No matter how knowledgeable you are, when laziness takes the lead in your daily decisions, your knowledge becomes valueless!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|If you add your hot passion to the cold attitude of another person, it becomes lukewarm. Don’t stand on the toes of dwarfs; stand on the shoulders of giants!
J. Daniels|With every breath i take, I take one for her.
Debasish Mridha|If there is no love, how can there be passion or reason?
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|Feeling lonely? Wish you had a special someone to help fill the void? Reconsider your definition of romance, reconnect to your passions and be swept away.
Robert Greene, The 33 Strategies of War|Understanding the world too well, you see too many options and become as indecisive as Hamlet.No matter how far we progress, we remain part animal, and it is the animal in us that fires our strategies, gives them life, animates us to fight. Without the desire to fight, without a capacity for the violence war churns up, we cannot deal with danger.The prudent Odysseus types are comfortable with both sides of their nature. They plan ahead as best they can, see far and wide, but when it comes time to move ahead, they move. Knowing how to control your emotions means not repressing them completely but using them to their best effect.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|It's alright to love someone who doesn't love you back, as long as they're worth you loving them. As long as they deserve it.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Will: I've never seen anyone get so excited over books before. You'd think they were diamonds.Tessa: Well, they are, aren't they? Isn't there anything you love like that?
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Most of us do things for reasons that are more purely personal. For love, or for hate.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|I am a woman first of all. At the core of my work was a journal written for the father I lost, loved and wanted to keep. I am personal. I am essentially human, not intellectual. I do not understand abstract act. Only art born of love, passion, pain.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Whatever you are physically, male or female, strong or weak, ill or healthy - all those things matter less than what your heart contains. If you have the soul of a warrior, you are a warrior. Whatever the color, the shape, the design of the shade that conceals it, the flame inside the lamp remains the same. YOU are the flame. That's what I believe.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Their beauty had always seemed to him like the beauty of pressed flowers - lovely, but dead.
Donovan Bailey|Follow your passion, be prepared to work hard and sacrifice, and, above all, don't let anyone limit your dreams
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Your passion may determine what you can do, but your attitude redefines how far you can go while you do what you can. Your attitude leads you and you lead other people!
Balroop Singh|Aspirations don’t make poets, perseverance does. Flow with the emotions, let your imagination soar, find what ignites the fire within and let it go wild.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Difference of object does not alter singleness of passion. It merely intensifies it. We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as often as possible.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God beckons me to exhilarating adventures that are without number, beyond all conceivable boundaries, and effortlessly eclipse the furthest reaches of my imagination, all while I sit languishing in stifling adventures of my own limited creation.
Ali Smith|My head, something happened to its insides. It was as if a storm at sea happened, but only for a moment, and only on the inside of my head. My ribcage, something definitely happened there. It was as if it unknotted itself from itself, like the hull of a ship hitting rock, giving way, and the ship that I was opened up inside me and in came the ocean.He was the most beautiful boy I had ever seen in my life.But he looked really like a girl.She was the most beautiful boy I had ever seen in my life.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|You can’t perform well in what you don’t love to do well. You can lead in what you can’t perform well. To lead well, be sure where you are, is where you supposed to be!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Once you have the vision and the passion to make it happen, you will achieve your dreams. It is up to you to decide when to make it happen; attitudes guide you to answer that!
Euripides, Medea|For in other ways a woman is full of fear, defenseless, dreads the sight of cold steel; but, when once she is wronged in the matter of love, no other soul can hold so many thoughts of blood.
Sanober  Khan|all the wordsall the poems know my warm, soft spots.
Stephen King, Black House|What you love, you must love all the harder because someday it will be gone.
Euripides, Medea|O what will she do, a soul bitten into with wrong?
Virginia Alison|Do not fear the fire within you, burning brighter than any star it attracts only those whose flame feeds off the very air that you breathe. Let passion be the inferno that engulfs your soul.
Dante Alighieri|Within her presence, I had once been usedto feeling—trembling—wonder, dissolution;but that was long ago. Still, though my soul,now she was veiled, could not see her directly,by way of hidden force that she could move,I felt the mighty power of old love.
Thomas Hardy|She felt powerless to withstand or deny him. He was altogether too much for her, and Bathsheba seemed as one who, facing a reviving wind, finds it to blow so strongly that it stops the breath.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The odds may be stacked against you. But I believe when you tap into your unique gifts and abilities, while combining them with a sense of purpose, passion, and perseverance you will not only defy those odds, you will help create a better life for yourself and rest of us.
H.A. Kotys, Is This Me|To hell with passive, inflict your passion on me.
Nikki Rowe|I'll turn on the music;  if your willing to dance, I'll walk beside you;  If you hold my hand, I'll supply the candle; But you must know how to light  your own way ,  I'll keep you wild,  If you keep me safe.  I'll help you unpack,  But i won't carry the load;  Help me learn to love unconditionally,  And I'll teach you to grow.  Love isn't easy, but it never should be hard; Live courageous with me, passion in our hearts.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Every new day comes with a new joy, a new plan and a new life, all to be directed by the same old God! You need a new dream, a new passion and a new hope to pursue your old destiny!
Vishwas Mudagal|I have fallen in love with writing, unknowingly. Instead of thinking whether people will like what I write or not, I decide to write only for one person- myself! I told myself that ‘I as an author is going to entertain I as an audience.’ And everything changed that day!When you find your passion, don’t succumb to the pressure of succeeding.Follow your passion just for yourself and for the sheer joy of it. You will see amazing things will follow- that’s a guarantee.
Ellen Connor, Daybreak|Penelope Sheehan, I love you more than the sunrise over the ocean, more than freedom. I would die, willingly, to keep you from a moment's pain. I promise you the full strength of my back and spirit in our shared journey, all the days of our lives. I will never forsake or betray you. I am yours to my last breath.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The odds may be stacked against you. Yet, I believe, when you tap into your unique gifts and abilities, while combining them with a sense of purpose, passion, and perseverance, you will not only defy those odds, you will help create a better life for yourself and the rest of us.
Ellen Connor, Daybreak|Goddammit, Pen!" Lightning lit him from behind. "That's not happening. And if you ever use magic on me again without my permission, we're done. You owe me a fucking apology for last time.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Think about what you are passionate about. Dream about it. Write it down. Read it always. Now, live it. Whatever you are passionate about will directly lead you to your purpose!
Nenia Campbell, Cease and Desist|Maybe that was why the French called orgasms “las petites morts”: because the things that bring us passion tend to slip past our defenses, to creep insidiously into every facet of our consciousnesses and kill us as ruthlessly, and efficiently, as any drug.
Virginia Alison|My storm is my own...Enter if you dare. However, bear in mind that the tempest of desire is fraught with unpredictability from the highest peaks to the depths of the abyss. Do not expect a smooth ride, but expect a true and passionate one...
Nikki Rowe|Whatever you choose to do with your time on earth, do it passionately, follow the voice of your soul and don't focus some much on being interested in life, but being the interesting one full of life.
A. Zavarelli, Gabriel's Collar|And I’m trying to stay strong. I really, really am. But he smells so damn good, and his lips are just right there. All soft and inviting… and all I can think about is having them on my body.
Virginia Alison, Heaven Scent|Her steel blue eyes captivated him at first glance and along with the alluring scent of jasmine surrounding her presence, he lost all sense of time and rhythm, and barely remembered the ensuing conversation. Thinking he had died and gone to heaven, the only thing that stuck in his memory, as they found themselves pressed urgently against the wall of her hotel room, was her name; Ginny.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|If you follow your passion, it will lead you to fulfillment.
Virgina Alison|I am Angel. I am demon. I am woman. I am heaven and hell rolled into one.Kiss me passionately, let me taste your desire, feed my soul and your heaven becomes mine...Beget a maelstrom, feel the abyss shudder. hear the wails of anguish and my hell becomes yours...
Virginia Alison, Heaven Scent|It was at that point Ginny felt a presence and turning to look into his eyes she knew destiny was waiting, just around the corner, over the hill. His dark limpid pools, full of hope and wonder, gazed longingly at her and slowly, as his stare captured her heart, a hush descended. All that surrounded them slipped away into darkness until she could see only him. What happened next was a blur.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|People quick to criticize others, but won't shine the light on themselves. You can't always judge a book by the outside appearance. You have to open it up and read in order to discover how precious it is.
Sameh Elsayed|Complaining from lack of food doesn't always affect my emotions. complaining from lack of knowledge, passion, creative ideas and happiness always does.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|If you add the shadow of death to a moment of passion you are in that instant free of all normal ties, your mind grows still and your body enters a state of non-being.
Sameh Elsayed|Happiness does not mean the absence of problems, but the existence of passion.
Michele Jennae|A catalyst by definition creates a reaction, but itself remains unchanged. Be a positive catalyst for a cause you are passionate about. I dare you to remain unchanged!
Kelli Russell Agodon, Hourglass Museum|As I go under, I wonder if there’s a reason for art?
Saiber, Stardust and Sheets|The sea loved the moonWhen she was supposed to love the shore.The moon knewAnd hence made his intentions known. That she should love the shoreWho was destined for her.Yet his protests seemed weak. And even when he pushed her towards the shore-She always retreated back.To want, to need, to love the moonFor all she's worth.Everyone said, it wasn't meant to happen.Yet, the Tsunami rose that night for their union.
Nicholas Sparks, The Longest Ride|...but unlike me, she has a hard time saying such things. She loved me with a passion, but I felt it in her expressions, in her touch, in the tender brush of her lips. And, when I needed it most, she loved me with the written word as well.
Jeff Bezos|Position yourself with something that captures your curiosity, something that you're missionary about.
Guy Mankowski, How I Left the National Grid: A post-punk novel|They all had darkened eyes, eyes that seemed to have a hunger behind them. Borne out of the private convulsions only secret passions can provoke.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|For he who lives as passion directs will not hear argument that dissuades him, nor understand it if he does; and how can we persuade one in such a state to change his ways?
Jeff Bezos|The missionary is building the product and building the service because they love the customer, because they love the product, because they love the service. The mercenary is building the product or service so that they can flip the company and make money.
Criss Jami, Healology|It might come a time to not follow your passion, so to speak, although it must be prioritized. It may be the case that your passion will serve as the medic, your peace of mind, alongside a higher calling, with your higher calling being the point man.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|Hence a young man is not a proper hearer of lectures on political science; for he is inexperienced in the actions that occur in life, but its discussions start from these and are about these; and, further, since he tends to follow his passions, his study will be vain and unprofitable, because the end aimed at is not knowledge but action. And it makes no difference whether he is young in years or youthful in character; the defect does not depend on time, but on his living, and pursuing each successive object, as passion directs. For to such persons, as to the incontinent, knowledge brings no profit; but to those who desire and act in accordance with a rational principle knowledge about such matters will be of great benefit.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Onward boldly, pursue your passion.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|There is a restlessness unspoken unfelt before, restlessness to throw myself into something significant, I can only imagine and I wish I could feel the claim, the passion of being owned, desire of being wanted, urge to b lost controllably, it is being vulnerable and there is no denying to it, but go ahead with it anyway; till the time it makes you feel alive, taste passion, taste emotion and make love.
Virginia Alison|Where dreams may take you fathoms deep within the soul of the forest. Mists close in around your feathered visions, floating phantoms of days gone by, and days to come, their twirling tendrils tempting your thoughts blossom with the unbound less love and passion you hide within.....
Rob Liano|If you want to find your passion, follow your daydreams.
Stan The Man SA|The more the discomfort or the pain or loss, the better you are able to focus and change course of your life!
|We all have something amazingly special in us, and you solely owe it to yourself to discover yours.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If left to my own simplistic devices and the sorely scant limits of my abilities, would I not die a death of the blandest sort imaginable? And should I not thank God that He graciously gifted me with an imagination that renders such a death entirely unimaginable?
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|Pray for guidance and follow your intuition. Keep looking for your passion and the contribution that you want to make. By doing what you love and finding how to serve, you add a very special joy to life. ~ UNIVERSE LOVES YOU & SO DO I ❤ #StardustAK ❤
Virginia Alison|He could not remember a time when she had not been in his life. Their first meeting seemed like an eternity away. 'Love at first sight' everyone said, and she often teased him about his inability to form coherent words when he gazed into her eyes, so profound was his love. They had never spent a day apart, and there had never been a day when he forgot to tell her how much she meant to him...Today was no exception...
Kurt Cobain|I have met many minds able to store and translate a pregnantly large amount of information, yet they haven't an ounce of talent for wisdom or the appreciation of passion.
Dinesh Kumar Biran|What haunts me most about her eyes is the pain I put in them...In the corner of my dark soul, her passion is dark like a kohl.She is giving new meaning to these feelings...She is complete, she is whole.
Aysha Taryam, The Opposite of Indifference: A Collection of Commentaries|The world believes it was built by love but reading Shah Jahan’s own words on the Taj, one could say it was grief that built the Taj Mahal and it was sorrow that saw it through sixteen years till completion.
Walter Raleigh|PASSIONS are likened best to floods and streams:	The shallow murmur, but the deep are dumb;
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|We define what we deserve, others also define what we deserve, apparently there is a huge difference and we spend our life constructing the same.
Scott Hastie|Here, illuminated at last,Nestles the ruddy glint of spiritual certainty;Sweet moments of passion and healing,Of sensual release.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Self-esteem is the garden in which passion bears success flowers. Most people can’t stand out to stand for what supposed to belong to them just because; they feel it can’t be theirs, so it’s not theirs.
Chris Burkmenn|Believe in the promise of today, and have hope in the possibilities of tomorrow
Scott Hastie|And so we smile on,Feeding the truths we shareWith a union of our souls,Cathedral slaves of our passionWhich builds beauty amongst chaos.
Mahfud Achyar|Day to day is a process. Dream it, plan it, do it, and make it happen! You're what you act!
Richard Marcus|That’s what artists and athletes do day in and day out. Whether you see them at work or not the process is ongoing. They are working to achieve their heart’s desire to either enlighten or entertain anyone who cares to watch or listen. Some of them achieve glory but others just do it because they love to and they are driven to.When something, anything, interferes with that desire, their sense of self is jeopardized and they have to struggle to hang on to their identity. That’s the real cost involved in producing a painting, writing a novel, or hitting over .300 for the season.
Curious George Brigade|There is no master cabal organizing the three-hundred plus Food Not Bombs or mad genius organizing the dozens of Indymedia's across the globe. We can all be the Johnny and Jane Appleseeds of anarchist counter-structure. We do this by harvesting good ideas and strategies from across the globe and replacing them on the local level. And while our passions and ideas should be brash, we should also be inspired by our day-to-day victories. People need to feel encouraged to start small, realizing the infrastructure begets infrastructure.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Put into actions what you dream of achieving. It'll amaze you to discover that you can do more than you ever dream of. Just give it a try! Never be idle, take actions now!
Rob Liano|When you're passionate about something, you don't need coffee or an energy drink to get you moving.
Ayana Prende, The Anatomy of Desire|Resting my head on the high-backed chair, I silently marvel at emotion so strong itcan quite literally chase away all reason and good sense. It is something I have neverexperienced. I pity Frances for being victim to such devastating passions. But, if I amhonest, a small part of me envies her, for she possesses something that I should: desirefor my husband. Moreover, she knows what it is to feel alive.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Be passionate and become successful. Share your success, be it an information, income and emotions with someone who need them most. You are a success… Make an impact!
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Sometimes what you love to do could even make many people to hate you. You may go through non-formal torments, character assassinations, verbal assaults and societal rejections, but if you are convinced about your love for what you are doing, you will never give up.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|That’s writing for you: when you make space for passion, it doesn’t turn up.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Loving what you do doesn’t mean you are never going to be faced with trials. It rather means, you are highly qualified to persist, persevere and endure till the end because you are enthusiastic about seeing the joyous end.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Passionate people say to their obstacles “I may fall, I may lose everything I have, but if I still get me, you are still in trouble because am coming back and when I come back, you are doomed”. Passion is a serious secret that sailed people to the top!
Nikki Rowe|Think about it, if we fed our passion the way we fed our fears, we would be achieving our dreams and making the most of our years.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Passion is different from interest. Those who are just interested in things have the “wish”, but passionate people have the “will”.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Passion towards a dream is the fuel that fires every trace of impossibility in the environment, paving way for you to win with style.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you don’t do what you love, you will never love what you do. And if you don’t love whatever you do, you are likely to be worried anytime a duty is assigned to you concerning that.
Phạm Đức Trung Kiên|...because you are young and you live in a confusing world of gray shades where compromises are easy and often."Keep you heart right.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|To conquer the dangers of giving up, do what your passion moves you to do.
Terry A. O'Neal|Everyone will not favor you or respect your beliefs, passion and purpose--so be it. But do not allow the views of others to hinder your quest. Remain steadfast.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|A passionate person says “over my dead body, I will never give up” and you ask him why, he answers “because I have found something not only to live on, but something to die for”!
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|I can only be me not thee, as far as the eyes can see!
Lyndon B. Johnson|Already a congressman, to a mentor "I hope sometime you run across something you think I can do well 24 hours per day.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Passion is that drive, that self-confidence, that enthusiasm that makes one to resist every obstacle that attempts to stop him from attaining his ultimate status in life and guides him to keep trying till the harvest time is due.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you are going to devote your time to do something you claim you love, take this thought; "Do I love it? Can I have peace within if I refuse to have it done?" This is passion.
Saiber|I do not blame himfor not knowing the gentleness of my soul.When I only showed him,how violently I loved.
Sara Craven|You're like a madnessinside me, a fever I can't cure.
Avra Amar Filion|When you love life passionately, a cloud of beauty floats above, adding an array of wonders to even the worse of days.
Joanne Madeline Moore, Love and Sex Signs: Venus, Mars and Astrology|Lust, desire and passion. They can turn a wallflower into a sexual predator and a rational person into a raving lunatic.
Sara Craven, Dark Summer Dawn|I must have you. We must have each other. You know that, don't you? You'rein my blood, God help us both.
Benjamin Zander|...the player who looks least engaged may be the most committed member of the group. A cynic, after all, is a passionate person who does not want to be disappointed again.
Sara Craven|I must have you. We must have each other. You know that, don't you? You're
Jean Rhys|Anything you like; anything I like... No past to make us sentimental, no future to embarrass us
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have all you need, to be all that you want.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|In the chaos of sentiments and passions which defend a barricade, there is something of everything; there is bravery, youth, honor, enthusiasm, the ideal, conviction, the eager fury of the gamester, and above all, intervals of hope.
Bernhard Schlink|I could never stop comparing the way it was with Gertrud and the way it had been with Hanna; again and again, Gertrud and I would hold each other, and I would feel that something was wrong, that she was wrong, that she moved wrong and felt wrong, smelled wrong and tasted wrong. I thought I would get over it. I hoped it would go away. I wanted to be free of Hanna. But I never got over the feeling that something was wrong.
George Norman Lippert|Don't exploit your enemy's weakness, for he may have none.Exploit his passions and the battle is yours.
Richard Flanagan, The Narrow Road to the Deep North|As they made their way to the coast, he bemoaned the hotel trade in the manner, Dorrigo felt, that those who love what they do bemoan their passion the most.
Sara Craven, Dark Summer Dawn|Dear God, Lisa, give me back my peace of mind!
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Forbid statements like “will God ever meet me?”, “am I worthy of his blessings?”, “I am not sure God will bless me”, “what shows that I am blessed?”. These statements clearly tell that you are not aware of who you are in the first place.
Kytka Hilmar-Jezek, CELLOGIRLS: Identity and Transformation in 2CELLOS Fan Culture|We await their creative interpretations of works by others and we love how they freely adapt and alter the music we like and enjoy. The wonderful magical alchemy they co-create is enough to spur the imagination of the audience. There is no need for other instruments or vocals. The music alone suffices. Listening to them, we can close our eyes and be taken away to a faraway place, we can envision a story or embellish a memory. We can connect to spirit and source and what we connect to in our deepest being is akin to religious experience. They dedicate themselves to each performance fearlessly, courageously, passionately, and generously.
Paige Omartian|God wants us to delight in living His purpose for us, which is why our passion plays a huge part!
Sakin Maharjan|I have my own ego, greed, love and a passion but sometime that same greed and ego kneels me down. In that moment I don't kneel and cry for my ego but I will clear a dirt over my pant and run for my passion. Ego can kill us but not your passion not your love. Move On!!!
Gayathri Jayakumar|My bridled soul leaps under the pressure of desires,Chained i am by this organic-societal form from galloping freeMy mind heaves me to safety,but heart is ready for doom...An all knowing glance pierced deep through my skinSmiling at my ailing and confused form,Invading my senses, feeding them to the eternal fires...
Vironika Tugaleva|In your heart, you have a song that will change the world, once you give yourself permission to sing.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I want excitement; and I don’t care what form it takes or what I pay for it, so long as it makes my heart beat.
Ryan Lilly|Look yourself in the eyes in a mirror each day. You can ignore the small voice still inside you, but your reflection will always have something to say.
Gaston Leroux|Then I made her understand that, where she was concerned, I was only a poor dog, ready to die for her. But that she could marry the young man she pleased because she had cried with me, and mingled her tears with mine. ~ Erik
Marti Melville|When the vision fills your brain and passion hits your gut, the need to write it down cannot be stifled. (Marti Melville)
José Ortega y Gasset, Concord and Liberty|When this reality, the one and only power that checks and disciplines man from within, vanishes because belief in it is slackening, the social domain falls prey to passions. The ensuing vacuum is filled by the gas of emotion. Everyone proclaims what best suits his interests, his whims, his intellectual manias. To escape the void and the perplexities of his own soul, a man will rush to join any party standard that is being carried through the streets. With society gone there remain only parties.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Men seek a great deal, but fatally close, albeit very different, is one's pride in proving oneself right with one's zeal for finding the truth.
Marti Melville|When the vision fill yours mind and passio hits your gut, the need to write it down cannot be stifled.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Dreaming is the art of thinking deep about who you want to be, what you are moved by your God-guided passion to do and what you are convinced to be the passion that moves the machinery of your body
David Wroblewski|And from the look on his face I could see he was one of the lucky ones, one of those people who like doing what they're good at. That's rare. When you see that in a person, you can't miss it.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|It’s our(As The Stars of the Sky Foundation, Inc.) passion and joy to read to children and improve literacy, as well as teach others about charity and the impact they can have in a child’s life.
Rebecca Solnit|[A]though people get paid to do their jobs, you cannot pay someone to do their job passionately and wholeheartedly. Those qualities are not for sale; they are themselves gifts that can only be given freely, and are in many, many fields.
Bindu Adai|If writing is your passion, write and don’t let anyone else convince you otherwise. You don’t need to quit your day job to do it. Create a realistic schedule and stick with it.
Emily Arden, Lie to me: Deception: Book Two|Rosa had achieved the sort of serene and confident happiness that Tamsin had never really known. She was connected to Roberto in a way that made Tamsin long for something similar. A man with whom she could share all parts of her life, someone to be her equal and her inspiration.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|God’s grace does not require a condition to abound. However to obtain the promises of his blessings, you have to strive for it, fight for it, work hard for it and insist upon it.
Coco J. Ginger|You break me the hardest, make me the strongest, and keep me the softest.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is not in wealth or splendor, but in passion, perception, and pursuit.
Steve Maraboli|I want love, passion, honesty, and companionship... sex that drives me crazy and conversation that drives me sane.
Debasish Mridha|Do your own thing with love and passion. You will be happy, no matter the result of your action.
Carolyn Kizer|We live in wonder, blaze in a cycle of passion and apprehension.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Love is one of the most motivating and self-defining forces in our lives, whether we turn from it or allow ourselves to be drawn to it. If you allow romantic possibilities with others to consume all your time and energy, they will distract you from the things of interest that fill your life with passion and purpose.
Ryan Lilly|The heart pointed to the brain and said with great disdain, “Those who live their lives in here live the lives most full of fear.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|Face each day with radiant, nurturing love, confidence, a bright vision and creativity with enduring determination and strength matched with a breathing courage as you happily embrace your responsibility and growth in many areas of life. Combine your energy and joy, your passion and vision in creating a brighter day.
Pooja Ruprell|Gratitude is uplifting and helps you glow, stay beautiful, and feel eternally young as it churns up zeal and undying enthusiasm.
Onyi Anyado|To become a distinguished entrepreneur, you need to have an undeniable, unquestionable and unmovable passion for your vision.
Pooja Ruprell|All the answers i seek lie within me, but inner quietude is mandatory before those become loud and clear.
Pooja Ruprell|We have to believe that our prayers, if pure and powerful can transform any catastrophic situation, regardless of its magnitude.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|The days seem short, and time seems too little to do what you love.
Ahmed|Not Every Battle You Lose is considered as a loss sometimes this loss leads to the best victory, You just have to be Patient and to take advantage Of every unexpected event that happened during your struggle your own war .
Ryan Lilly|Those with calling also find wealth, so jump and start swimming towards your true self.
Pooja Ruprell|Through powerful and heartfelt communication with the universe, you can create a new world everyday-you can be proud of.
Debasish Mridha|Life is about finding yourself. Finding yourself is about finding your ultimate goal, ultimate passion.
MeChelle Vermeulen, Hurricane Butterfly|I always thought that falling in love should feel like jumping from a cliff. A fall that scares you as much as it excites you, that leaves you breathless and wanting more. The impossible kind … that ruins you for everyone else. This wasn’t it, and my chances of finding it have just become harder. I am not the same girl that I was before. Finding that special guy prepared to carry my load with me, would be one in a million, a fairytale come true, and just maybe, an impossible dream…
Christina Dodd|No matter how they fought they had always been like this: balanced between anger and passion, between hurt and glory. When they first got together, she didn't understand how two people who had so little in common could be so madly, passionately in love. When they split, she had realized madness and passion could never keep a couple together.
Chris Burkmenn|Beginning is scary, exciting, terrifying, and all things amazing. Begin even when you're not sure.....What do you have to lose?
niki_g|My breath caught fire and my heart leapt infinite beats within his proximity."Wreck me, tame me. The way you want it." I whispered my plea.His foggy grey eyes glinted with desire and lust. "I will". The two words were my end as well as the beginning of something new and insurmountable between us.
Unarine Ramaru|As a Priest got a calling to preach, you also got a calling to do whatever you do, so do it with passion and only God can stop your calling.
Bertrand Russell|But without going to such extremes prudence may easily involve the loss of some of the best things in life. The worshipper of Dionysus reacts against prudence. In intoxication, physical or spiritual, he recovers an intensity of feeling which prudence had destroyed; he finds the world full of delight and beauty, and his imagination is suddenly liberated from the prison of every-day preoccupations.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|In the modern Christian attempt to take a stand as Christ did, and maybe for others, win the approval of the world, the Christian will often think that it consists of targeting and demoralizing fellow Christians and only fellow Christians. It is one thing to stand against religious hypocrisy when one sees it, but it is another to go on snorting at anything or anyone who might seem 'too Christian' to us. The irony is that by doing this we are further advocating hypocrisy and 'half-hearted Christians'.
Bertrand Russell|But without going to such extremes prudence may easily involve the loss of some of the best things in life. The worshipper of Dionysus reacts against prudence. In intoxication, physical or spiritual, he recovers an intensity of feeling which prudence had destroyed; he finds the world full of delight and beauty, and his imagination is suddenly liberated from the prison of every-day preoccupations
Courtney Giardina, Holding on to Georgia|He placed the tip of his fingers on her chin and tilted her head up to his. Rylan slowly closed her eyes as she felt his breathing quicken. The chill of his lips as they pressed against hers made her buckle at the knees, falling even further into him.
Courtney Giardina, Holding on to Georgia|She smiled, looking up at him, his lips interrupting her attempt to respond. He pulled back slightly, but Rylan stopped him. She wrapped her hands around the back of his head and pulled him back in. Her fingers slid to his shoulders and she squeezed them tightly.
Fidelis O Mkparu|Instead of fumbling with hot beakers andBunsen burners, I concentrated on the leisurely pursuit of fondling.
Victoria Strauss, Color Song|This was not the perfect work that had existed in her mind. It was only the imperfect rendering that was the best her skill could manage. Yet Giulia was not dismayed. For she knew that she would try again – and again, and again, for as long as it took to gain the experience, the judgment, the understanding to get it right. And perhaps she never would get it right. Perhaps she would never attain that flawless blue, never create that perfect image, never find the ultimate point of balance between what she could accomplish an what she could dream. Yet wasn’t that the point? To be drawn onward, ever onward, in pursuit of your deepest passion? To look back at the end fo the race and knew that you had never done less than the most you could do?
Jeanne Kalogridis, The Borgia Bride|The sensation that seized me that morning―the twentieth of May―as I sat on my velvet cushion beside the Pope and stared down at the man standing beside my husband, was swift, irrevocable, and violent, like a dagger plunged into the heart. I trembled. I did not want it; I did not seek it; yet there it was, and I was at the mercy of it. And I knew nothing of the man who had just stolen my soul.
Abby Green, Rival's Challenge|I wanted to do this properly, but I look at you and I forget...
honeya|Sales can never be done with 'good' skills or 'good' communication or 'thorough' product knowledge.. It can only be done with PASSION and U gotta be a people loving person, to be alive in sales...
