Emma Abdullah, The Blue Box|It's always comforting to tell yourself things are going to be alright, because even if a part of you senses that you're lying, it's comforting to shut it out- shut out reality and pretend- because pretending is nice.
Matthew Screech|Cultures produce myths because they satisfy a deep-rooted human need: the need to make sense of life. Myths are appealing because they reduce the complexity of experience, by making things seem simple and absolute; myths define popular realities which are accepted readily, even uncritically.
Johncen-k.m.f Vergara|My heart is suffering from reality,so I go to sleep and dream I'm on a fairy tale
Niccolò Machiavelli|Men in general are as much affected by what a thing appears to be as by what it is, indeed they are frequently influenced more by appearances than by reality.
Peter Stamm, All Days Are Night|If it’s reality you want, I suggest you look out the window.
William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience|It is as if there were in the human consciousness a sense of reality, a feeling of objective presence, a perception of what we may call ‘something there,’ more deep and more general than any of the special and particular ‘senses’ by which the current psychology supposes existent realities to be originally revealed. If this were so, we might suppose the senses to waken our attitudes and conduct as they so habitually do, by first exciting this sense of reality; but anything else, any idea, for example, that might similarly excite it, would have that same prerogative of appearing real which objects of sense normally possess.
Robert Lanza|When someone dismissively answers “Of course a tree makes a sound if no one’s nearby,” they are merely demonstrating their inability to ponder an event nobody attended. They’re finding it too difficult to take themselves out of the equation. They somehow continue to imagine themselves present when they are absent.
Lena Dunham|I thought I would marry my boyfriend and grow old and sick of him. I thought I would keep my friends, and we'd make different, new memories. None of that happened. Better things happened. Then why am I so sad?
Peter Stamm, All Days Are Night|That’s the thing with reality, he said, you can’t repeat it to order, you can’t correct it. Perhaps we should read more books.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is a perceptual reality, not an absolute certainty.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is an inner perception, not a reality.
Marty Rubin|When people are facing real hardships in their lives, they have no time to invent imaginary ones.
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|No person wakes up and finds themselves on the world stage. When that happens, it is in the movies.
Peter Watts, Echopraxia|Reality went out the window the moment we started mediating sensory input through a nervous system. You want to actually perceive the universe directly, without any stupid scribbles or model-building? Become a protozoan.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Your biggest dreams can become reality, not by brute-forcing the end-goal, but breaking it down into smaller, more manageable parts. If your goal takes years, breaking it down into months and days will let you improve your lot little bits at a time.
Amen Muffler|You might plan how you sleep but you can't plan how you wake up. He who plans how to sleep is a Planner, he who plans how to wake up is a Dreamer.
S G|He lived decades ago,she lives at the moment.A very saddening reality for her.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|Tell me something wonderful," he said to Dane. "Tell me that we are going to die dreamfully and loved in our sleep.""You're always writing one of your plays on the phone," said Dane."I said, something wonderful. Say something about springtime.""It is sloppy and wet. It is a beast from the sea.""Ah," said Harry.
Eckhart Tolle|Some churches, sects, cults, or religious movements are basically collective egoic entities, as rigidly identified with their mental positions as the followers of any political ideology that is closed to any alternative interpretation of reality.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|The real world is oftentimes different from what you expect it to be, what you think it to be, and what people might say it to be.
Steve Erickson|When he placed a candle on the shelf across the room from him and lit its wick, he came to realize that in fact everything he saw was a flat surface, like a screen – that in fact dimension was an illusion. Everything was a flat surface and the pinpoints of light, whether from a candle on the shelf or a gaslamp above the street, were punctures in that surface – gashes made by somebody behind the screen. He realized then that beyond everything he saw there was an entire realm of blazing sunfire, and that colors were only the silhouettes of people in that realm – walking, eating, dancing, doing whatever they were doing behind the screen. “It astonished Adolphe that everyone failed to realize they were just figures on a tapestry, the shadows of something else. He was therefore amused by the conceit of women, for instance, who who admired the creamy color of their skin when in fact it was only the haze of some other woman behind the vast screen staring into a mirror. Adolphe could explain all of this to himself but he could not explain Janine: Janine wasn't the same as the others. Janine was like their mother; and Adolphe decided Lulu was from this place beyond the surface, and she had, perhaps when she was a little girl, slipped through. “Adolphe wondered why Lulu hadn't told them about this, and then realized she probably would when she thought they were old enough to understand it. He could see it wasn't something one would want to tell a child too soon.
Ian Thomas Curtis|Reality is only a dream, based on values and well worn principles, whereas the dream goes on forever.
Martin Heidegger, Being and Time|Even in expecting, one leaps away from the possible and gets a footing in the real. It is for its reality that what is expected is expected. By the very nature of expecting, the possible is drawn into the real, arising from it and returning to it.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|People want things to be real. If you give them an excuse, they'll believe you.
Nisa Jolly|The only time I want someone's opinion is when I ask for it. Reason why I don't ask for anyone's opinion nowadays is because they are too afraid, they always cover the truth with a lie, which is something I hate tremendously. When I ask for your opinion; I want full brutal honesty, face on, outright! Not a lot of people can do that, which is sad, very sad indeed...
Unarine Ramaru|There is nothing wrong with dreaming, but there is everything wrong with dreaming without any intention to make the dream a reality.
C. JoyBell C.|There are two types of women— the type that makes a man feel like he is the best and the type that makes a man feel like becoming a better man. And then I suppose it is all up to the man and what he wants in life— whether he wants to go through life feeling like he is the best or if he wants to go through life becoming better and better. In reality, we are all at our worst when we have ceased the process of become better and better.
Carla H. Krueger, The Social Worker|Reality was dawning on him and he hated reality. If you were him, so would you.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|You maintain hope for humanity as an infinite skeptic of gossip and slander. In all mankind's desires for entertainment and exaggeration and sensationalism, when it comes to gossip, the individual always sounds worse than he really is. This is why adhering to gossip subtly affects the mental state of the listener - he goes on holding shady opinions regardless of where the realities of their lights and darknesses may stand.
Collin Wilson|Imagination should be used, not to escape reality, but to create it.
Carla H. Krueger, The Social Worker|No matter what the good boys tell you, criminality is not a level playing field.
John duover, Rites|I didn't know who I was any longer, so I just was.
Martin Amis|I think: you deserve to be what you are if you could bare to get that way. You must have seen it coming. And now there's nothing for you here. No one will protect you, and people won't see any reason not to do you harm.
Gao Xingjian|Reality is myself, reality is only the perception of this instant and it can't be related to another person.
RT Llizo|Reality is a complex phenomenon, filled with dimensions, not the least of which are two that Christians affirm and understand: the physical and the spiritual. We are invited by Cervantes to enter into Don Quixote's imaginary world and reflect on these players. We are to ignore no points of view: neither the idealism of Don Quixote nor the realism/literalism of Sancho Panza. The point that comes across is this: we must not have a reductionist attitude toward reality.
sid|You can change someone by your actions, not by your words
John duover, Rites|We were not actually famous, I have to add. People were just drunk.
John duover, Rites|If you have to push yourself to do it, should you be doing it in the first place? That was a question I never dared to asked myself.
Agnostic Zetetic|THIS IS WHAT A MAN LOOKS LIKE. HE DOES NOT HAVE TO BE AESTHETICALLY PLEASING; HE DOES NOT HAVE TO BE MUSCULAR; HE DESERVES NOT TO BE PHOTOSHOPPED. HE IS HUMAN, AND HE HAS BLEMISHES. HERE HE STANDS, VISIBLE. HE SEES YOU ALL, COUNTLESS INVISIBLE OTHERS LIKE HIM. THIS BODY IS ACCEPTABLE — PUBESCENT, AWKWARD, MARRED. YOU DON’T HAVE TO BE INVISIBLE. WE ARE ALL GOOD ENOUGH. THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH OUR BODIES.
Cynthia Bond, Ruby|Those yellow eyes had seen the thing Ruby hid, even from herself. And when two people see a thing, for better or worse, it becomes real.
Agnostic Zetetic|Should' assumes that when either willingness or ability is lacking, it may be compensated for by an abundance of the other. This is simply not realistic.
Regina Sirois, On Little Wings|I knew it wouldn't last, that the reality would come snaking back in, but for a moment I saw it, the futility of trying to mold love into an expected shape. The foolishness of whining when it didn't fit.
Geoffrey Wood, Leaper: The Misadventures of a Not-Necessarily-Super Hero|Without God, reality is madness. Reason will tell you so. You either madly trust in God, or you trust in a world gone mad without him.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|This wasn't how I imagined things going. But imagination is so often no match for the absurdity, the randomness, the tragedy of reality.
Tom Hayes|We believe that it is the job of each of us to step outside of ourselves, look beyond the shadows, and seek reality. If we hope to present an authentic self to the world, it is critical that we understand what is real and true about ourselves. So how do we begin to see our companies, our brands, our products, or ourselves as we really are ? For us, the best way to start is to stop watching shadows and start facing reality.
Oussama Bounsir|There are people you're glad to have them in your life, and there are people, well they're only there, nothing more nothing less.
Francisco X. Stork, Marcelo in the Real World|For all the pain I saw at Paterson, it is nothing compared to the pain that people inflict upon each other in the real world. All I can think of now is that it is not right for me to be unaware of that pain, including the pain that I inflict on others. Only how is it possible to live without being either numb to it or overwhelmed by it?
Marty Rubin|Every language has its own word for the sun, but the sun us always the same.
Dennis Vickers, Mikawadizi Storms|The physical world exists, but that’s only the paint and canvas; that’s only the instrument we use to make music; that’s only the stage where the play is performed.
Alpesh Vasan|Believe me...Nothing is bad or wrong , just prove it as right
Famous Pedro|I'm A Speaker, Your A Listener. 
Alpesh Vasan|Believe me...Nothing is bad, just prove it as right
Adalbert Stifter, Indian Summer|Among the books there were also some containing bombast. They didn't try to portray Nature as it is within and outside of man; rather, they tried to make it more beautiful, seeking to elicit certain effects. I turned away from them. If reality isn't sacred to them, how are they capable of creating something more beautiful than God's Creation?
Peter Watts, Echopraxia|I know, I know: it can be frustrating as hell. But people have an unfortunate habit of assuming they understand the reality just because they understood the analogy. You dumb down brain surgery enough for a preschooler to think he understands it, the little tyke’s liable to grab a microwave scalpel and start cutting when no one’s looking.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|Besides stage magic props and settings, ritually abusing groups use technology, such as that described by Katz and Fotheringham. Military/political groups have the most sophisticated technologies, and much training or programming is now done with virtual reality equipment. Movies and holograms are used to deceive a child into believing in things that are unreal. When a client says to you “I don't know if it's real; how can it be real?” remember that there are several options, not just two: (1) It happened just as s/he remembers; (2) it did not happen at all; (3) something happened, but due to technology and/or trickery it was not what s/he thinks it was; (4) the thought that the memory must be unreal is itself a program, as described in Chapter Twelve, “Maybe I made it up."p55
Edmund Wilson|No two person, ever read the same book.
George S. Patton Jr.|The only way anyone ever won a war, is to make the enemy hurt so bad that he can't stand it any more. ... George S. Patton
Travis Culliton, Why I Love My Prozac: The Ideologies of an Ordinary Family Man|Nothing in any religious teachings goes beyond Humanism, unless you add the supernatural...Make believe is the only difference between being human and being religious.
Raphael Zernoff|Whenever we decide to create a greater degree of change in our lives we need to start doing things differently. Any external change only reflects the inner transformation. Hence whenever we decide to change our lives, it does not happen through manipulation of the external reality. Any external change is a pure reflection of the inner change. We must change our perceptions, beliefs, feelings, thoughts, the way we talk and express ourselves, in order to see a significant change in our realities. It is all it takes.
Travis Culliton, Why I Love My Prozac: The Ideologies of an Ordinary Family Man|I do not judge the individual based on their belief. If I were to, then I would, undoubtedly, be no better than the (religious) system that I frown upon.
Manoj Vaz|Fiction has to be well researched, properly conceived and logically presented.Reality needs none of the above.
Elizabeth Lomeli|Part ways with your perception of reality, allow the unknown and your curiosity muster into a visual you've never allowed yourself to see.
Indrani sarkar|We all are beautiful, let's not pretend to be ugly.
Anonymous|No opionions, just strongly held convictions.
H.I. Defaz|One cannot live on dreams, but neither can one live without them.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Even if you time travel your past, it can't be changed, likewise you can't possibly change your future, it is always the present which matters.
Raphael Zernoff|When we understand who we are, and how our realities work, we can choose more consciously to shape our lives in an optimal way. Knowledge of oneself is the very key to a happy life. Happiness is not something outside of our own consciousness that needs to be earned, and achieved. It is a choice that needs to be supported by positive actions. It is not enough to say that we want to be happy. Our desire of happiness, love and peace, needs to be supported by our state of being.
Raphael Zernoff|When we choose to operate on the frequency of compassion and kindness, we create, and reinforce our own realities, as filled with compassion and kindness.
Álvaro de Campos|It’s stupid, but it’s human, and that’s how it is.
Warren Ellis|To be a futurist, in pursuit of improving reality, is not to have your face continually turned upstream, waiting for the future to come. To improve reality is to clearly see where you are, and then wonder how to make that better.
Edward Hirsch|If you had told me, though, when I was twenty-four that I would write about Skokie, Illinois, where I grew up, I would have said, ‘You’re out of your mind. Why would I have Skokie in a poem?’ But you become resigned. Your job is to write about the life you actually have.
Blue Balliett, Chasing Vermeer|Picasso said that art is a lie, but a lie that tells the truth" ... Calder wondered what Picasso had meant. Was it that art wasn't exactly the real world, but it said something real?
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|I was deluded, and I knew it. Worse: my love for Pippa was muddied-up below the waterline with my mother, with my mother's death, with losing my mother and not being able to get her back. All that blind, infantile hunger to save and be saved, to repeat the past and make it different, had somehow attached itself, ravenously, to her. There was an instability in it, a sickness. I was seeing things that weren't there. I was only one step away from some trailer park loner stalking a girl he'd spotted in the mall. For the truth of it was: Pippa and I saw each other maybe twice a year; we e-mailed and texted, though with no great regularity; when she was in town we loaned each other books and went to the movies; we were friends; nothing more. My hopes for a relationship with her were wholly unreal, whereas my ongoing misery, and frustration, were an all-too-horrible reality. Was groundless, hopeless, unrequited obsession any way to waste the rest of my life?
Álvaro de Campos|Do I believe a thing has limits!? Of course! Nothing exists that doesn’t have limits. Existence means there’s always something else, and so everything has limits. Why is it so hard to conceive that a thing is a thing, and that it isn’t always being some other thing that’s beyond it?”At that moment I felt in my bones not that I was talking to a man, but to another universe. I tried one last time, from another angle, which I felt compelled to consider legitimate.“Look, Caeiro... think about numbers... Where do they end? Take any number — say 34. Past it we have 35, 36, 37, 38 — there can be no end to it. There is no number so big that there is no number larger...““But that’s just numbers,” protested my master Caeiro.And then, looking at me out of his formidable, childlike eyes:“What is 34 in Reality, anyway?
Philip K. Dick, A Maze of Death|He saw two stars collapse against one another and a nova form; it flared up and then, as he watched, it began to die out. He saw it turn from a furiously blazing ring into a dim core of dead iron and then he saw it cool into darkness. More stars cooled with it; he saw the force of entropy, the method of the Destroyer of Forms, retract the stars into dull reddish coals and then into dust-like silence. A shroud of thermal energy hung uniformly over the world,over this strange and little world for which he had no love or use.It's dying, he realized. The universe. The thermal haze spread on and on until it became only a disturbance, nothing more; the sky glowed weakly with it and then flickered. Even the uniform thermal disbursement was expiring. How strange and goddamn awful, he thought. He got to his feet, moved a step toward the door.And there, on his feet, he died.They found him an hour later. Seth Morley stood with his wife at the far end of the knot of people jammed into the small room and said to himself, "to keep him from helping with the prayer". "The same force that shut down the transmitter," Ignatz Thugg said. "They knew; they knew if he phrased the prayer it would go through. Even without the relay." He looked gray and frightened. All of them did, Seth Morley noticed. Their faces, in the light of the room, had a leaden, stone-like cast. Like, he thought, thousand-year-old idols.Time, he thought, is shutting down around us. It is as if the future is gone, for all of us.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Before a dream can mature and manifest itself as real, a lot of loaded efforts come into play! You are the pivot on which those loads must be turned!
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|Insane people -- psychologically defined, not legally define -- are not in touch with reality.
Brad Meltzer, The Millionaires|...if you think the worst you'll get the worst, but if you think the best...""and then everything will blow up in your face anyway. Don't you get the punchline yet? Its the great cosmic practical joke: Knock knock, who's there? Big kick in the Ass.
Álvaro de Campos|But what you’re calling poetry is what everything is. It’s not even poetry — it’s seeing. These materialists are blind. You told me they say space is infinite. Where do they see that in space?”And I, disconcerted: “But don’t you think of space as infinite? Can’t you conceive of space as infinite?”“I don’t conceive of anything as being infinite. How could I conceive of anything as being infinite?”“But, man,” I said, “Imagine space. Beyond that space is more space, and beyond that more, and then more, and more... It never ends...““Why?” asked my master Caeiro.
Álvaro de Campos|and the idea of nothingness — the most terrifying of all ideas, when thought of with feeling — has, in my dear master’s work and in my memories of him, something as high and luminous as sunlight upon snowy, unscalable peaks.
Raphael Zernoff|You are one and only creator of your reality. Even when you might think there is some external force out there creating it for you, it is just you.
Shashank Rayal|Beautiful face doesn't makes your heart beautiful,But a beautiful heart always projects you as a beautiful person.
Álvaro de Campos|in exceptional circumstances — exceptional in that all circumstances in life are exceptional, especially those which are nothing in themselves and come to be everything in their results.
Tomasz Chrusciel, Illusive Intrusion|It wasn’t him speaking. It was panic, anger, fear, and confusion. But how could he show it on the outside? Men are supposed to be fearless.
Franklin Gillette|Anything you imagine (inner world)will materialize into your life (outer world). It's speed of materializing is determined by how much feeling and trust you give it, and how well you are able to recognize when it appears. Awareness and Creation are inseparable.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|If there’s a single lesson that life teaches us, it’s that wishing doesn't make it so. Words and thoughts don’t change anything. Language and reality are kept strictly apart — reality is tough, unyielding stuff, and it doesn't care what you think or feel or say about it. Or it shouldn't. You deal with it, and you get on with your life.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|I love flowers for being flowers, directly.And I love trees for being trees without my thought.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you can't be real and firm with others about who you are, you will be doomed to a phony, plastic bullshit existence, where you only live for others.
Thomas Ligotti, Grimscribe: His Lives and Works|The worst fear of the race yes, the world suddenly transformed into a senseless nightmare, horrible dissolution of things. Nothing compares, even oblivion is a sweet dream. You understand why, of course. Why this peculiar threat. These brooding psyches, all the busy minds everywhere. I hear them buzzing like flies in the blackness. I see them as glow worms flitting in the blackness. They are struggling, straining every second to keep the sky above them, to keep the sun in the sky, to keep the dead in the earth-to keep all things, so to speak, where they belong. What an undertaking! What a crushing task! Is it any wonder that they are all tempted by a universal vice, that in some dark street of the mind a single voice whispers to one and all, softly hissing, and says: 'Lay down your burden.' Then thoughts begin to drift, a mystical magnetism pulls them this way and that, faces start to change, shadows speak... sooner or later the sky comes down, melting like wax. But as you know, everything has not yet been lost: absolute terror has proved its security against this fate. Is it any wonder that these beings carry on the struggle at whatever cost?
Jonathan Lethem, The Disappointment Artist|By trying to export myself into a place that didn't fully exist I asked works of art to bear my expectation that they could be better than life, that they could redeem life. In fact, I believe they are, and do. My life is dedicated to that belief. But still, I asked too much of them: I asked them also to be both safer than life and fuller, a better family. That they couldn't give. At the depths I'd plumb them, so many perfectly sufficient works of art would become thin, anemic. I sucked the juice out of what I loved until I found myself in a desert, sucking rocks for water.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|We fake perfect so others don't have to experience any unpleasant realities, because their life is just as fake as ours.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When we choose to engage reality as the best each moment can be, we are shaping more positive experiences for others.
Stefan Molyneux|Most people, if philosophy touches them, they shatter, they atomize, they turn to dust. It is win/lose between philosophy and delusion, and most people are almost entirely composed of delusion. They're only allowed as much reality as serves the masters. But they're not allowed any reality which disturbs their masters...
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|That thing over there was more there than it’s there!Yes, sometimes I cry about the perfect body that doesn’t exist.But the perfect body is the bodiest body there can be,And the rest are the dreams men have,The myopia of someone who doesn’t look very much,
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Life is calling you. The other life. The analogue life. The real. Nature is calling you. And people too. Wondrous royal souls are waiting to meet, appreciate and experience you.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you can honor yourself and be real about your discomfort and pain, then your happiness will be just as real.
Shannon L. Alder|Tough love and brutal truth from strangers are far more valuable than Band-Aids and half-truths from invested friends, who don’t want to see you suffer any more than you have.
Hasil Paudyal|Dream big!But not so big that it becomes a mess, and you may never reach reality.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Either nobody's perfect,or everyone is.
Sanhita Baruah|When you know the inside stories, no matter how good looks the cover, you just cannot appreciate it...
Enitan O. Bereola II, Gentlewoman: Etiquette for a Lady, from a Gentleman|Don’t let “reality” make you lose faith in God and gain faith in Man. Don’t put your Joy in man because when man leaves, there goes your Joy. The world didn’t give you your joy and the world can’t take it away. Your value isn’t in the hands of people and your worth was determined when you got here. You were born Gorgeous, but the world will try to convince you otherwise. You’re the daughter of the Kings of Kings and your worth extends beyond the clouds. You’re a product of LOVE.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|...I could never explain how the image and the reality merge, and how they somehow extend and beautify each other.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The question isn't whether the world is perfect.The real question to consider is: If it were, would you still be in it?
Tim Urban|Gen-Ys are delusional; Most people are not special—otherwise “special” wouldn’t mean anything. Even right now, most of Gen-Ys reading this are thinking, “Good point. But I actually am one of the few special ones”—and this is the problem.
Na|Illusion close to reality was your love, you certainly are quintessential with your licks and promises.
Christopher Herz, Pharmacology|Soon, nobody was leaving their cubicles to talk anymore, and we were either e-mailing each other random thoughts or scheduling meetings, or speaking over an instant message chat.
Unknown Phylosopher|Don't be too realistic , It will make you an Idiot .
George Ikilikjan|This is reality, back home is routine.
Kayla Davis|You're going to have dreams, but it's not all dreams are meant to come true
Shannon L. Alder|Some people can’t be in your life because they don’t have the power to help you improve it. That doesn’t mean you don’t wish them well, it just means that you are on Chapter ten of your life, when they are on Chapter five. Maybe, it is just enough to meet at the crossroads in life and agree to take separate paths, then with a cheshire grin you both look back and shout, “Beat you to the top of the mountain”, followed by the funnest sprint of both of your lives.
Anthony Liccione|The truth is we're all dying, the lie is we're all living.
Anonymous, The Upanishads: Translations from the Sanskrit|God is, in truth, the whole universe: what was, what is and what beyond shall ever be. He is the God of life immortal and of all life that lives by food. His hands and feet are everywhere. He has heads and mouths everywhere. He sees all, He hears all. He is in all, and He Is.
Gabriel Chevallier, Fear: A Novel of World War I|Men were snoring, twitching and whimpering, struggling with nightmares less terrible than reality.
Shannon L. Alder|I think more people would stay active in church, if they didn't get so offended by the actions of members. Sometimes, you have to view places of worship as free mental health clinics, in order to deal with the piety or hypocrisy. Parishioners are a wounded souls in various stages of healing, who are being treated by angels, with credentials from the University of Hard Knocks. Some take their therapy seriously and try to practice what they learned. Yet, others down the sacrament like a healing dose of Prozac, with no other effort required. When you keep this in mind, you won't feel so annoyed by the personalities you encounter.
Delano Johnson, My Lifes Lyrics Encrypted: Hate Me or Love Me (Life Series) [Kindle Edition]|I cry looking at our reality, through slave eyes. I bet they would say our generation has crossed the line.
Dr. Vivencio Ballano|Romance is a veiled reality, while marriage is the unveiling of reality!
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|What if you slept? And what if, in your sleep, you dreamed? And what if, in your dream, you went to heaven and there plucked a strange and beautiful flower? And what if, when you awake, you had the flower in your hand? Ah, what then?
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|What is meant by 'reality'? It would seem something very erratic, very undependable-now to be found in a dusty road, now in a scrap of newspaper in the street, now in a daffodil in the sun. It lights up a group in a room and stamps some casual saying. It overwhelms one walking home beneath the stars and makes the silent world more real than the world of speech-and then there it is again in an omnibus in the uproar of Picadilly.
Godfrey Orateng|Don't Give Up On Your Dreams,One Day They Will Become Reality And One Day Might Be Today.
Steve Maraboli|Wishful thinking does wonders for a wishful mind; but in the end, reality always has the final say.
johnathon trooper|The cop looks annoyed, like we're giving him a headache. I want to explain everything to him that its really not as screwed up as it all sounds, but then I remember that it is.
M. Cochet M., LITTLE BLACK PIECES OF DYNAMITE INSIDE MY SKULL|We fall in love and let our minds fall apart..We let ourselves fall, and keep falling..Our minds are caught by one another, mixed up in a random puzzle, piece by piece put together into a different reality.
Dee Dee Artner|Blaming others is an act of refusing to take responsibility. When a person can’t accept the fact or the reality, they blamed another person or the situation instead of taking accountability.
Ernst Cassirer, An Essay on Man: An Introduction to a Philosophy of Human Culture|...it would be a very naive sort of dogmatism to assume that there exists an absolute reality of things which is the same for all living beings. Reality is not a unique and homogeneous thing; it is immensely diversified, having as many different schemes and patterns as there are different organisms. Every organism is, so to speak, a monadic being. It has a world of its own because it has an experience of its own. The phenomena that we find in the life of a certain biological species are not transferable to any other species. The experiences - and therefore the realities - of two different organisms are incommensurable with one another. In the world of a fly, says Uexkull, we find only "fly things"; in the world of a sea urchin we find only "sea urchin things.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|My daddy saidthat the first time you fall in love, it changes you forever and no matter how hard you try, the feeling just never goes away.
Cathy Caruth, Trauma: Explorations in Memory|It is indeed the truth of the traumatic experience that forms the center of its psychopathology; it is not a pathology of falsehood or displacement of meaning, but of history itself” (p. 5)
Gyalwa Dokhampa, The Restful Mind|We can become fearless as we let go off our grasp on the fear of failure, because failure too is a perception rather than a reality.
Idries Shah|The Sufis,' runs the saying, 'understand with their hearts what the most learned scholars cannot understand with their minds
Beau Lotto|No one is an outside observer of nature,We're defined by our environment and our interaction with that environment -- by our ecology. And that ecology is necessarily relative, historical and empirical.
Ruth Dugdall, The Sacrificial Man|...that realisation that I was the oddity, the statistical probability, life was predictable.
Benedict Jacka, Fated|For years I'd been trying to forget..., locking it up and burying it deep in my memory. The journey... had shattered that, bringing it all back - but now that I'd faced it, I found to my surprise that the fear had been worse than the reality.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|When flying dreams hit the soil of reality, all that remains are the imprints of experience.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Life isn't about just having dreams, it's all about transforming them into reality.
J.A. Perez|Collaboration is about “team work.” It’s not a cliché, it’s a practical reality.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|Most of us are used to thinking that “imaginary” is the opposite of “real.” That is, when we imagine things, we are just making them up. In the spiritual life, though, there are some realities that cannot manifest unless we begin by imagining them.
Eric C. Sinoway, Howard's Gift: Uncommon Wisdom to Inspire Your Life's Work|He continued with a laugh, "And for highly motivated people, there are few more frustrating situations than realizing that the goals you've set will require a shift in the basic laws of time and space.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|Reality is not made of dreams, until you make them real.
Kelsie|If you don't know the person personally, then don't take it personally.
Chad Hofmann|Anyone can do whatever they want in life, this is our world to play in.
Esme Ellis, This Strange and Precious Thing|Reality, my strange and precious one. Reality is fabric. Fabric isreality. And your reality here is far easier to live with than where Iwas on the other side. So that’s why I don’t want to go back, andwhy you wouldn’t like it.
Rati Tsiteladze|Is my imagination as important as reality? Sometimes I think YES... It's imagination that makes reality tolerable... Sometimes, I just want to close my eyes and fall in to the endless imagination...
Shannon L. Alder|You can find anyone that will tell you what you want to hear, but the only one worth valuing is the one that tells you what you need to learn.
Rati Tsiteladze|Is my imagination as important as reality? Sometimes I think YES... It's imagination what makes reality tolerable... Sometimes, I just want to close my eyes and fall in to the endless imagination...
Anthony de Mello, Awareness: Conversations with the Masters|We were brought up to need people. For what? For acceptance, approval, appreciation, applause - for what they call success. Those are words that do not correspond to reality. They are conventions, things that are invented, but we don't realize that they don't correspond to reality. What is success? It is what one group decided is a good thing. Another group will decide the same thing is bad.
Palle Yourgrau, A World Without Time: The Forgotten Legacy of Gödel And Einstein|There is no doubt that Einstein's pipe was his closest associate, while others--including wife and family--were never permitted the illusion that they would ever be at the center of his life.
Sol Luckman, Snooze: A Story of Awakening|In his mother’s honor, vowing not to commit the “fashionable stupidity” of ignoring things he didn’t understand, Max performed a brave act of nonconformity by accepting the possibility that his dreams might be exactly what they seemed: real.
Shepherd Hoodwin, Journey of Your Soul: A Channel Explores the Michael Teachings|Since we have free will, we create our own reality and virtually everything is negotiable.
Amina Gautier, At-Risk|They were both from the real world, their own distinct ones, but I was somewhere in limbo. Set apart, I didn't know how to let either of them in.
Elizabeth Chadwick, The Marsh King's Daughter|I know the difference between the confection of live as sung in a minstrel's tale and the sustaining bread of love in reality, he defended himself. Both are to be savoured in their own way.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|If I can alter my perception of the reality, I can change the reality itself.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|If you get enough people believing one thing, it's like reality bends itself to allow that to exist.
Csaba Gabor - B|Luck is not some esoteric, godlike phenomenon. Luck is countable but undefinable. Luck easily can be explained as number of factors acting in a favour of a person. These factors' behaviour could be statistically proved , and the probability of such result is possible. It is not related to something explainable event. Actually, the miracle would be if these events (luck) are not in presence in our life. The matter as then would be mathematics proved wrong. So, make your luck!"﻿
Jim Berg, Changed Into His Image|Reality (i.e., the truth) is that there is a God in heaven. Reality is that He made us and we are accountable to Him. Reality is that this God has spoken and what He says matters--eternally. Reality is that without His salvation, we are doomed to eternal torment. Reality is that God's Son, Jesus Christ, has died for the sins of the world, that He has risen again, and that whoever believes on Him is given eternal life.
Yara Greathouse, Unavoidable|When you are committed to live your life being true to yourself, you need to free your feelings in order to experience all that life has to offer. If you try to control your feelings, there is no doubt that the life you are living is merely a lie.
Kenneth Patchen, Collected Poems|If the truth is inside,And the form is outside,What is the truth of sleep?
Kelly Armstrong|It made a romantic tale. The young rouge, cheating death, returning to his grieving lover. But in reality? Ashyn had always known life did not resemble one of her book stories or Moria's bard tales, and yet there was a part of her that hoped it did. The more she saw, the more she realized she was wrong. People made up stories because that is what they wanted from their world. A place where goodness, kindness, and honor were rewarded. They were not rewarded. The people of Edgewood could attest to that. - Sea Of Shadows
Rosamund Hodge, Gilded Ashes|There are a lot of things I want," I say quietly and deliberately. "But I think I will keep what I have.
Michael Ondaatje, Divisadero|In spite of her desire for a contained universe, her life felt scattered, full of many small moments, without great purpose. That is what she thought, though what is most untrustworthy about our natures and self-worth is how we differe in our own realities from the way we are seen by others.
Faye Hall|Excuses will always be made, and blame will always fall on the other. Though the truth is before you, your own love will forever blind you from it. I will not lose you just to prove a point, nor to shatter your heart with the reality before you. Instead I will smile. I will live. I will accept that it just is. I do not do this for them, but I will do it for you. I will do it because I love you." - from an untitled script
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't go in for the "yellowish" if what you need is "yellow". The attitude called precision is the quality that remarks the accuracy of your demand. Never settle for the less; Go for the exact thing!
Callie Hunter, Shattered|Expectations led to disappointments; in this family, expecting more than disappointment was the first mistake
Aldous Huxley, Island|Believe it or not, a normal human being is one who can have an orgasm and is adjusted to his society.
James Franco, Actors Anonymous|It had happened. I had brought the dream out into reality and it had dissolved. It was just a dream and had found no purchase in the real world where it was dependent on other people for its realization. I wished that I could have sucked my words back inside where they had lived a colorful life of promise, had been nurtured by hope, and had never been tested
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|This was not as real as my despairing sense that nothing was real for me, nothing would ever be real for me again – unless, indeed, this sensation of falling was reality…
Catherine Gould|Not only do skeptics such as Lanning choose to ignore eyewitness/victim accounts of ritual criminal activity, they apparently also choose to overlook the significant number of cases of ritual abuse in which perpetrators have confessed to their crimes. In the Bottoms et al. (1991; 1993) study of 2,292 cases of ritual abuse, perpetrators in 30% of the child cases confessed to abusing one or more children, and perpetrators in 15% of adult cases confessed to perpetrating as well. In the case studied by Snow and Sorenson (1990), two adolescent perpetrators admitted to charges of abuse. Both of these sets of data require further analysis to determine which acts of ritual abuse were confessed to by what number of perpetrators.Corroboration and eyewitness accounts offered by children should also be given serious attention when therapists and investigators can demonstrate that no contamination of the children’s disclosures has taken place. In the case studied by Jonker and Jonker-Bakker (1991), children from different schools and different locales gave accounts of perpetrators, abuse locations, and abusive acts that were mutually corroborating. Accounts of tunnels under the McMartin preschool given by children claiming to have been ritually abused at the school were fully corroborated when the existence and location of the tunnels were documented by a professional team of archaeologists (Summit, 1994)."from Denying Ritual Abuse of ChildrenThe Journal of Psychohistory 22 (3) 1995
William James|There is no doubt that healthy-mindedness is inadequate as a philosophical doctrine, because the evil facts which it positively refuses to account for are a genuine portion of reality; and they may after all be the best key to life's significance, and possibly the only openers of our eyes to the deepest levels of truth.
George Orwell, 1984|Suddenly, like a lump of submerged wreckage breaking the surface of water, the thought burst into his mind: 'It doesn't really happen. We imagine it. It is hallucination.' He pushed the thought under instantly. The fallacy was obvious. It presupposed that somewhere or other, outside oneself, there was a 'real' world where 'real' things happened. But how could there be such a world? What knowledge have we of anything, save through our own minds? All happenings are in the mind. Whatever happens in all minds, truly happens.
Batuhan Ibal|Swag is not something you wear, it is something you are born with.
Catherine Gould|It has become fashionable in the last several years for the media to minimize and even dissemble about the data which so strongly support the existence of ritual abuse. Amazingly, this has happened even in relation to ritual abuse cases in which criminal convictions have been obtained. Parenting magazine (Ruben, 1994), for example, asserted that “far more cases (of ritual abuse) end in acquittal” than in conviction.In fact, 58% of the ritual abuse cases in the Finkeihor (1988) study that went to trial resulted in convictions. In the Kelly (1992b) study, convictions were obtained in 80% of the ritual and sexual abuse cases combined; since there were no significant differences between the rates of criminal conviction in these two groups, we can surmise that convictions were obtained in approximately 80% of the ritual abuse cases Kelly studied. Finally, and most significant given the thousands of cases studied, convictions were obtained in 11% of all ritual child abuse cases studied by Bottoms et al. (1991; 1993)."from Denying Ritual Abuse of ChildrenThe Journal of Psychohistory 22 (3) 1995
Jorge Gw, Awesome Happiness Now|Thoughts not only manifest into reality,they define it.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|A pretty building I'm making, without either bricks or timber. I'm up i' the garret a'ready, and haven't so much as dug the foundation.
Ansul Noor|Only when we are thrust into the deepest and most terrible corner of life, do we see our real friends emerge from the shadows , one by one- shining the light of comfort and hope. Those are the ONLY friends that matter.
Karen Harper, The First Princess of Wales|Thomas, says there are no real dragons. Only they are in your head, he says.""Thomas is right, my love, so do not be afraid of the dark.""But they are in my head sometimes, so I guess they are real.
David W. Earle|No matter how I want things to stay the same, no matter how discomforting change can be, I am stuck with the certainty that all molecules vibrate; all things are in constant motion; and change will happen. I can either accept that truth or suffer depression when I do not accept the reality that surrounds me. Change is constant; I am not the same person today as the person who put his head down on the pillow last night. Iron Mask
Nasir|No One is Unlucky in this World"! ..!!! "But Ups and Downs created by ourselves".
Cynthia Sue Larson, Quantum Jumps: An Extraordinary Science of Happiness and Prosperity|Quantum jumping is the process by which a person envisions some desired result or state of being that is different from the existing situation—and by clearly observing that possibility and supplying sufficient energy, makes a leap into that alternate reality.
Paul Russell, The Lost Library: Gay Fiction Rediscovered|For eventually one gets over reality’s affront to one’s innocence. One grows accustomed to the melancholy fact that we all sell ourselves at one time or another, that whoring is the dirty little secret of our success as human beings.
Jim Butcher, Cursor's Fury|You beg fate to make your fears into reality, Aleran. But for the moment, they are only fears. They may come. If so, then face them and overcome them. Until then, pay them no mind. You have enough to think on.
Shannon Hale, Palace of Stone|Do you know the feeling you get when you are awakened in the middle of a dream? The dream story is still real and full of color, but the waking world is rushing back into your mind. And for a moment both worlds are true, and you cannot quite tell them apart.
Graeme Galton, Forensic Aspects of Dissociative Identity Disorder|One concrete way in which we all landscape our sanity is by having our experience of reality confirmed by others. When our experience of reality is disconfirmed by others, our confidence in our own sanity can be undermined. (page 125, Chapter 9, Graeme Galton)
Nenia Campbell, Black Beast|But fairytales were, at best, dirty mirrors whose warped and pitted surfaces reflected a highly distorted view of the truth, quite different from reality.
Nenia Campbell, Fearscape|She had come into the garden expecting summer roses and had instead been caught in a bank of twisted, thorny, frostbitten vines.
Aleatha Romig, Consequences|If things look right on the surface the underside is rarely questioned. However, things may be great in reality, but if one perceives them to be amiss, it is difficult to change that perception.
Alyse M. Gardner|Sometimes, falling back on or using an old method or habit, is like sliding into a pair of worn running shoes and a corset. Doesn't make sense to others, but it's not for them. It's what keeps you together, what keeps you going.
Ashim Shanker, Sinew of the Social Species|I feel as though dispossessed from the semblances of some crystalline reality to which I’d grown accustomed, and to some degree, had engaged in as a participant, but to which I had, nevertheless, grown inexplicably irrelevant. But the elements of this phenomenon are now quickly dissolving from memory and being replaced by reverse-engineered Random Access actualizations of junk code/DNA consciousness, the retro-coded catalysts of rogue cellular activity. The steel meshing titters musically and in its song, I hear a forgotten tale of the Interstitial gaps that form pinpoint vortexes at which fibers (quanta, as it were) of Reason come to a standstill, like light on the edge of a Singularity. The gaps, along their ridges, seasonally infected by the incidental wildfires in the collective unconscious substrata.Heat flanks passageways down the Interstices. Wildfires cluster—spread down the base trunk Axon in a definitive roar: hitting branches, flaring out to Dendrites to give rise to this release of the very chemical seeds through which sentience is begotten. Float about the ether, gliding a gentle current, before skimming down, to a skip over the surface of a sea of deep black with glimmering waves. And then, come to a stop, still inanimate and naked before any trespass into the Field, with all its layers that serve to veil. Plunge downward into the trenches. Swim backwards, upstream, and down through these spiraling jets of bubbles. Plummet past the threshold to trace the living history of shadows back to their source virus. And acquire this sense that the viruses as a sample, all of the outlying populations withstanding: they have their own sense of self-importance, too. Their own religion. And they mine their hosts barren with the utilitarian wherewithal that can only be expected of beings with self-preservationist motives.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|When a belief becomes more than an instrument, you are lost. You remain lost until you learn what 'belief' is really for.
Raheel Farooq|Being and not being are not two different realities, but two different aspects of the same reality.
Alice  Walsh, A Poker Game of Love|Never underestimate the power of a pity fuck, which makes for about ninety percent of women’s collective dating history.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|Truth is individual.”“What? No it’s not. Truth is . . . it’s Truth. Reality.”“Your truth is what you see,” Pattern said, sounding confused. “What else could it be? That is the truth that you spoke to me, the truth that brings power.
Denise Roy|My trouble is that I think there is a track that things should stay on. I'm hooked to a belief that life should go a certain way. I develop an attachment to Plan A and set up my expectations accordingly. An important part of spiritual practice is to learn to let go, to recognize that Plan A exists only in my head.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|My son, my son. When I had my son I would explain all that to him when he was starry enough to like understand. But then I knew he would not understand or would not want to understand at all and would do all the veshches I had done, yes perhaps even killing some poor starry forella surrounded with mewing kots and koshkas, and I would not be able to really stop him. And nor would he be able to stop his own son, brothers. And so it would itty on to like the end of the world...
rajuda|All that is popular is not always right. All that is right is also not always popular. Somewhere in between, lies all that is real!
Sol Luckman, Beginner's Luke|The beauty of a metaphor is it doesn't have to be real to ring true. The instant a metaphor becomes true it ceases to be a metaphor, which suggests a disconnect between truth and what's commonly referred to as reality.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|I could leave the world of the book enthralled and inspired, but the real world awaited me, to caress or to kick me; reality was a powerful force that could not be ignored.
Holly Sprink, Faith Postures: Cultivating Christian Mindfulness|We can make our own plans and judge them by our narrow expectations, or we can experience life as the boundless reality of the One who created it.
Initially NO, Percipience: Outside the Range of Understood Sense|People who want to climb mountains just like taking metaphors for real. So when I say I could murder for a mangosteen, I hope you don’t think I’m going to go out and do that.
Ross Cheit, The Witch-Hunt Narrative: Politics, Psychology, and the Sexual Abuse of Children|The book argues that even though many cases have been held up as classic examples of modern American “witch hunts,” none of them fits that description. McMartin certainly comes close. But a careful examination of the evidence presented at trial demonstrates why, in my view, a reasonable juror could vote for conviction, as many did in this case. Other cases that have been painted as witch-hunts turn out to involve significant, even overwhelming, evidence of guilt. There are a few cases to the contrary, but even those are more complicated than the witch-hunt narrative allows. In short, there was not, by any reasonable measure, an epidemic of “witch hunts” in the 1980s. There were big mistakes made in how some cases were handled, particularly in the earliest years. But even in those years there were cases such as those of Frank Fuster and Kelly Michaels that, I believe, were based on substantial evidence but later unfairly maligned as having no evidentiary support.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|Internal growth and development were not entirely unaffected by my external environment. No amount of escapism, through either the physical or the mental outlets, could cushion me from the reality of what was taking place.
Erik Valeur, The Seventh Child|Like space, the soul is not an expression of eternal constancy but of constant change, and this motion has but one purpose: to continue forward, on the narrow ledge, in the absurd hope that you can escape the Darkness.
Ally Carter, United We Spy|I thought the morning would bring change. But I should have known that it doesn't take that long for change to happen - it takes a second. A moment. In a single breath, reality as you know it can simply fall away.
Anthony Liccione|They have their opinions, but we have the answers.
Nenia Campbell, Black Beast|Psychological imprisonment was no less uncomfortable than its physical counterpart. In some ways, it was even worse; it provided the illusion of physical freedom, but garnered none of the benefits of it.
Steve Maraboli|For most people, blaming others is a subconscious mechanism for avoiding accountability. In reality, the only thing in your way is YOU.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|But there's a whole world waiting, still, and there are good things in it.
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|Love is as strong as death, as hard as hell.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|Self-interest, fear of physical pain, drove him to that grotesque act of self-abasement. Its insincerity was clearly to be seen. He ceases to be a wrongdoer. He ceases also to be a creature capable of moral choice.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|With slight misconceptions of reality we fabricate our hopes and beliefs, and we live off crusts that we call cakes, like poor children who make-believe they’re happy.
Sean O Nuallain, The Search For Mind: A New Foundation For Cognitive Science|Truly to realize the ambitions of a science of mind does not solely involve learning about such issues as how we know, perceive and solve problems; it involves finding out tow hat extent the world outside us is knowable by us, and indeed prescribing the limits of inquiry for disciplines like Physics which claim to afford knowledge of the external physical world.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|The heresy of an age of reason,' or some such slovos [words]. 'I see what is right and approve, but I do what is wrong.
Chirag Tulsiani|And in that moment he realised that even though the dreams they’d seen together, hoped for and believed in had come true, it wasn’t enough. It was far from reality which was lonesome and woeful. And conceived that love had no lastingness, it was brief and momentary. It wasn’t the cherishable sensation spoken of in movies and written in books, rather a delusion inclined on ruining the very spirit, giving way to mournfulness and disappointment.
Sarah Cross, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|As an artist, her imagination isn't fettered by the constraints of reality.
Shellen Lubin|Living with contradiction may be nothing new to humans, but acknowledging it, and accepting it are. Even the dictionary has trouble accepting a paradox, calling it 'two things that seem to be contradictory but may possibly be true.' But that's not a real paradox--a real paradox IS contradictory and IS true. So I don't even call them paradoxes anymore, I call them 'contradictory co-existing realities,' both in direct opposition to each other, both true at the same time.
Jinnul Jr.|i just stopped from dreaming and woke up,just like a dream to be loved back is just a dream you have to accept,it was just glimpse of hopes you wanna take it to reality, nothing more, nothing less
Erik Valeur, Det syvende barn|In this way Fate outplayed the efforts of mortals-simply to amuse itself, one might think.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|He is too presumptuous about the inanities of appearances, poor realities gone for a toss.
Anna Kavan, Who Are You?|He sees her looking at him with interest, and is encouraged to go on. 'I wouldn't be here with you now. This wouldn't be real - something else would. You'd have been another you, instead of the one you are now. You can't be tied down to a predestined fate when you change according to your situation, and your fate must change too. Everything depends on circumstances - on which "you" you happen to be at a given time...
Ron Koertge, Margaux with an X|Margaux looks around the table; this is not working. All of a sudden she's thinking about a safe room, something she's only heard of but suddenly wants: water, oxygen, bulletproof door, dead bolts, a thousand books. Utterly quiet. Completely silent. No girls she barely knows in saggy leather pants, no girls in mesh strippers' gloves and jeans sanded thin as a bee's wing, and no girls who can't stay home one night a year because they are always and forever out. On their way to. Coming from.And then her heart open. Just a little, but it does. Because she remembers all that. How she felt then: the self-reproach, the utter confusion... That's why her heart opens. For those girls at the table who always feel baffled and sad, tender and malign, repulsive and desirable, innocent and contemptuous of innocence.So she cries. For them, mostly. For herself a little... everything hesitates. So that for a second there's no sound in the enormous room but that of Margaux sobbing.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|You don't have to do this," Ronan said."There isn't anything else, man.""There's reality."Kavinsky laughed the word. "Reality! Reality's what other people dream for you.""Reality's where other people are," Ronan replied. He stretched out his arms. "What's here, K? Nothing! No one!""Jus
Nirav Sanchaniya|A Writer is Actor, Creator, Director & Producer Of HIS Life. Ask ME anything.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|For sure, even the worst blow job is better than, say, sniffing the best rose ... watching the greatest sunset. Hearing children laugh.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Life is like a story, when all the resolution is resolved, you heave a sigh of relief.
Nirav Sanchaniya|Stop being self-conscious when you write.You are the expert about the world you are creating,no one else. So be bold and write on.
William Freyd|From Colin A. Ross, 1995: The writer is the brother of the man who co-founded the False Memory Syndrome Foundation. He is writing to WGBH about a program called 'Divided Memories', which you may have seen, that was supposed to be an investigation of memory. This letter also went to Congress and to the press, so it's a public letter. It's just unfortunate that the press, as far as I know, didn't pick it up. 'Gentlemen: Peter Freyd is my brother. Pamela Freyd is both my stepsister and sister-in-law. Jennifer and Gwendolyn [their daughters] are my nieces. There is no doubt in my mind that there was severe abuse in the home of Peter and Pam, while they were raising their daughters. Peter said (on your show, 'Divided Memories') that his humor was ribald. Those of us who had to endure it, remember it as abusive at best and viciously sadistic at worst. The False Memory Syndrome Foundation is a fraud designed to deny a reality that Peter and Pam have spent most of their lives trying to escape. There is no such thing as a False Memory Syndrome. It is not, by any normal standard, a Foundation. Neither Pam nor Peter have any significant mental health expertise. That the False Memory Syndrome Foundation has been able to excite so much media attention has been a great surprise to those of us who would like to admire and respect the objectivity and motives of people in the media. Neither Peter's mother (who was also mine), nor his daughters, nor I have wanted anything to do with Peter and Pam for periods of time ranging up to more than two decades. We do not understand why you would 'buy' such an obviously flawed story. But buy it you did, based on the severely biased presentation you made of the memory issue that Peter and Pam created to deny their own difficult reality. For the most part you presented very credible parents and frequently quite incredibly bizarre and exotic alleged victims and therapists. Balance and objectivity would call for the presentation of more credible alleged victims and more bizarre parents, While you did present some highly regarded therapists as commentators, most of the therapists you presented as providers of therapy were clearly not in the mainstream. While this selection of examples may make for much more interesting television, it certainly does not make for more objectivity and fairness. I would advance the idea that 'Divided Memories' hurt victims, helped abusers and confused the public. I wonder why you thought these results would be in the public interest that Public broadcasting is funded to support.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|He was looking for a brightness, a resolve, a triumph over tomorrow that hardly seemed to be there. Perhaps he had expected their faces to burn and glitter with the knowledge they carried, to glow as lanterns glow, with the light in them...They weren't at all certain that the things they carried in their heads might make every future dawn glow with a purer light, they were sure of nothing save that the books were on file behind their quiet eyes, the books were waiting, with their pages uncut, for the customers who might come by in later years, some with clean and some with dirty fingers.
Jessiqua Wittman, A Memoir of Mercy|Sometimes you have to choose between being strong and being honest, if you want real answers.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|I have noticed that sometimes, our success, promotion and accomplishments become real when we say "no" to some things and act the right way. The potential that drives you to do that is called "self-discipline".
Margaret Cavendish, The Blazing World and Other Writings|...that in former ages they had been as wise as they are in this present, nay, wiser; for, said they, many in this age do think their forefathers have been fools, by which they prove themselves to be such.
Margaret Cavendish, The Blazing World and Other Writings|...that much gold, and great store of riches makes them mad, insomuch as they endeavour to destroy each other...
Pamela Cummins, Insights for Singles: Steps to Find Everlasting Love|Fantasy Is Not Reality, it is unrealistic to expect your future mate to match your fantasies.
Sara Sheridan, The Pleasure Express|When you fake emotion for a living, when you make your money providing fantasies for other people, tuning into their worlds and indulging them, you don’t invite someone into your world very easily.
Sara Sheridan, Secret of the Sands|I am more one for the story, I think, than the action.
- Nirav Sanchaniya|I was not looking for HIM, he was just always there, the little BOY! I have not seen HIM, because I did not want to see, but HE was standing next to my bed every night, the little BOY! I have not heard their cry because I have forbidden HIM there to cry. But one day, when I woke up, did I knew seen, so sad and lonely! I wanted to tell HIM that it's all going to be good. But I could not because I knew that it is not so! And we both cried, I and the LITTLE BOY IN ME!
Sara Sheridan, Brighton Belle|It was clearly a lot more difficult in the field than in the office, where you could keep your distance and maintain a calculated composure. Being faced with real people was a far tougher call on one’s judgement.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Today, man has been mired in invalidness up to such an extent, that being suspicious about reality isn't in his hand.
Raheel Farooq|Melancholy is an escape not from reality, but unreality of the world.
M.H. Rakib|The strenuousness is when,you have to be with and to bear those people who give more importance to the credence over reality.
Douglas Beaumont, The Message Behind the Movie: How to Engage With a Film Without Disengaging Your Faith|While we can certainly be mistaken at times about what is real, there is indeed a reality to know. Mistakes actually prove the point. We would not know there were such things as hallucinations or illusions if we did not have reality with which to compare them.
Kamil Ali, The Initiates|Perception, influenced by experience and knowledge creates an acceptable level of reality.
Erico Quiambao|Dreams, Ours mysterious Dreams, they can be Reality
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|We spend much of our lives going about completely blind to reality, and yet we still have the gall to act victimized when it invariably catches up to us.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Besides, I seemed to hold two lives—the life of thought, and that of reality; and, provided the former was nourished with a sufficiency of the strange necromantic joys of fancy, the privileges of the latter might remain limited to daily bread, hourly work, and a roof of shelter.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|You don't look well," he pronounced."Indigestion," I replied."From what?""Reality.""Join the queue.
Ben Dyer|He was a bureaucrat, not a hitman, and most of the time that's what supervillainy looks like in real life.
Annemarie Schwarzenbach, All the Roads Are Open: The Afghan Journey|On a journey the face of reality changes with the mountains and rivers, with the architecture of the buildings, the layout of the gardens, with the language, the skin colour. And yesterday’s reality burns on in the pain of parting; the day before yesterday’s is a finished episode, never to return; what happened a month ago is a dream, a past life. And at last you realize that the course of a life contains nothing but a limited number of such ‘episodes’, that a thousand and one accidents determine where we can build our house at last – but the peace of our poor minds is a precious good freedom that you should not chase, not haggle over, nor should you bargain for it with the dictators who can set fire to our houses, trample our fields and spread cholera overnight.Appalling uncertainty…? Appalling only when we fail to look it in the eyes. But the journey that many may take for an airy dream, an enticing game, liberation from daily routine, freedom as such, is in reality merciless, a school that accustoms us to the inevitable course of events, to encounters and losses, blow upon blow.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Evolution Of Theology: An Anthropological Study|It is my conviction that, with the spread of true scientific culture, whatever may be the medium, historical, philological, philosophical, or physical, through which that culture is conveyed, and with its necessary concomitant, a constant elevation of the standard of veracity, the end of the evolution of theology will be like its beginning—it will cease to have any relation to ethics. I suppose that, so long as the human mind exists, it will not escape its deep-seated instinct to personify its intellectual conceptions. The science of the present day is as full of this particular form of intellectual shadow-worship as is the nescience of ignorant ages. The difference is that the philosopher who is worthy of the name knows that his personified hypotheses, such as law, and force, and ether, and the like, are merely useful symbols, while the ignorant and the careless take them for adequate expressions of reality. So, it may be, that the majority of mankind may find the practice of morality made easier by the use of theological symbols. And unless these are converted from symbols into idols, I do not see that science has anything to say to the practice, except to give an occasional warning of its dangers. But, when such symbols are dealt with as real existences, I think the highest duty which is laid upon men of science is to show that these dogmatic idols have no greater value than the fabrications of men's hands, the stocks and the stones, which they have replaced.
Philip K. Dick, Ubik|He could see the tall, peeling yellow building at the periphery of his range of vision. But something about it struck him as strange. A shimmer, an unsteadiness, as if the building faded forward into stability and then retreated into insubstantial uncertainty. An oscillation, each phase lasting a few seconds and then blurring off into its opposite, a fairly regular variability as if an organic pulsation underlay the structure. As if, he thought, it's alive.
Annemarie Schwarzenbach, All the Roads Are Open: The Afghan Journey|Our life is like a journey…’ – and so the journey seems to me less an adventure and a foray into unusual realms than a concentrated likeness of our existence: residents of a city, citizens of country, beholden to a class or a social circle, member of a family and clan and entangled by professional duties, by the habits of an ‘everyday life’ woven from all these circumstances, we often feel too secure, believing our house built for all the future, easily induced to believe in a constancy that makes ageing a problem for one person and each change in external circumstances a catastrophe for another. We forget that this is a process, that the earth is in constant motion and that we too are affected by ebbs and tides, earthquakes and events far beyond our visible and tangible spheres: beggars, kings, figures in the same great game. We forget it for our would-be peace of mind, which then is built on shifting sand. We forget it so as not to fear. And fear makes us stubborn: we call reality only what we can grasp with our hands and what affects us directly, denying the force of the fire that’s sweeping our neighbour’s house, but not yet ours. War in other countries? Just twelve hours, twelve weeks from our borders? God forbid – the horror that sometimes seizes us, you feel it too when reading history books, time or space, it doesn’t matter what lies between us and it.But the journey ever so slightly lifts the veil over the mystery of space – and a city with a magical, unreal name, Samarkand the Golden, Astrakhan or Isfahan, City of Rose Attar, becomes real the instant we set foot there and touch it with our living breath.
H.G. Wells, The Outline of History, Vols. I and II|Jesus was a penniless teacher who wandered about the dusty sun-bit country of Judea, living upon casual gifts of food; yet he is always represented clean, combed, and sleek, in spotless raiment, erect, and with something motionless about him as though he was gliding through the air. This alone has made him unreal and incredible to many people who cannot distinguish the core of the story from the ornamental and unwise additions of the unintelligently devout.
Anuj Kr. Thakur|Any of the girl never ever commit when her intention is to cheat You. So, I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect
Dorothy Angle|Sometimes I think of my life as a sitcom. But in reality, life is more than a series of memorable events that bring out the Meg Ryan in us. Life happens in the gaps between scenes. We live in the fade-to-blacks.
Roberta Pearce, A Bird Without Wings|. . . I suppose one starts out, as a child, being romantic and dreaming of adventure. Poetic. Then reality comes along, and with it, a whole lot of prose.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn: Dominion of Eden|Sometimes the unyielding are just fighting to stay alive. No one wants to find out that their life was a lie. And when you change someone’s mind, you are only rebirthing them into your reality. You destroyed one truth just to replace it with your own. And now you’ve just played God, without declaring yourself as God.
Niurka, Supreme Influence: Change Your Life with the Power of the Language You Use|While you are not responsible for the actions of another, you are able to consciously respond to everything in your reality. Your power to respond is your power to create.
Erico Quiambao|Our Dreams, not just a Dreams, It can be reality.
Annemarie Schwarzenbach, All the Roads Are Open: The Afghan Journey|Perhaps my sense of reality is not very highly developed, perhaps I lack a sound and reassuring instinct for the solid facts of our earthly existence; I can’t always tell memories from dreams, and often I mistake dreams, coming to life again in colours, smells, sudden associations, with the eerie secret certainty of a past life from which time and space divide me no differently and no better than a light sleep in the early hours.
Anthony Burgess, Time for a Tiger|You're a romantic,” said Crabbe. “You expect too much. Reality's always dull, you know, but when we see that it's all there is, well-it miraculously ceases to be dull.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The main reason why your company can easily influence you is because "emotion and attitude are stronger than knowledge". What you see can overcome what you know. You can easily damp away what you already know when you are faced with the reality of what your senses tell you to do!
Sara Sheridan|While what I write is always largely consistent with the records that remain I freely admit that where historical fact proves a barrier to invention, I simply move a detail a little one way or another.
Sara Sheridan|I am a storyteller, not a historian, and it's my ambition to create something compelling - something unputdownable and riveting - that chimes with the real history but is, in fact, fiction.
Sara Sheridan|As a reader you recognise that feeling when you're lost in a book? You know the one - when whatever's going on around you seems less real than what you're reading and all you want to do is keep going deeper into the story whether it's about being halfway up a mountain in Brazil in 1823 of in love with a man you aren't sure you can trust or fighting a war in the last human outpost, somewhere beyond the moon. Well, if you're writing that book it's real for you too.
Grace Fiorre, The Nothing Spirit: Nothing is Everything|After all, I had been waiting decades for it to come. I wanted to escape this world, but only it could help me.
Bam Zakariya| Let Art be your weapon, and you would never be defeated.
Richelle E. Goodrich|All truth starts out as a wish; hence, reality is born from fairytale."from—"My Aquarius
Dan Brown, Inferno|Forgive them, you might say, for they know not what they do. But there comes a moment in history when ignorance is no longer a forgivable offense, a moment when only wisdom has the power to absolve.
Amit Kalantri, One Bucket of Tears|Real inspiration are not people, but their stories.
George Orwell, Why I Write|I knew that I had a facility with words and a power of facing unpleasant facts, and I felt that this created a sort of private world in which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life.
Namkhai Norbu, Dzogchen: The Self-Perfected State|Someone who begins to develop an interest in the teachings can tend to distance themselves from the reality of material things, as if the teachings were something completely apart from daily life. Often, at the bottom of all this, there is an attitude of giving up and running away from one's own problems, with the illusion that one will be able to find something that will miraculously help one to transcend all that. But the teachings are based on the principle of our actual human condition. We have a physical body with all its various limits: each day we have to eat, work, rest, and so on. This is our reality, and we can't ignore it.
Margaret Atwood, MaddAddam|The possibility of injury or death was a strong attraction: as the online world became more and more pre-edited and slicked up, and as even its so-called reality sites raised questions about authenticity in the minds of the viewers, the rough, unpolished physical world was taking on a mystic allure.
Blake Nelson, Paranoid Park|I stood there, watching her. The whole world was a dream, I realized. Everyone was acting in a bad soap opera. The whole world was one big FOX TV show.
Karl R. Popper|The difficulties connected with my criterion of demarcation (D) are important, but must not be exaggerated. It is vague, since it is a methodological rule, and since the demarcation between science and nonscience is vague. But it is more than sharp enough to make a distinction between many physical theories on the one hand, and metaphysical theories, such as psychoanalysis, or Marxism (in its present form), on the other. This is, of course, one of my main theses; and nobody who has not understood it can be said to have understood my theory.The situation with Marxism is, incidentally, very different from that with psychoanalysis. Marxism was once a scientific theory: it predicted that capitalism would lead to increasing misery and, through a more or less mild revolution, to socialism; it predicted that this would happen first in the technically highest developed countries; and it predicted that the technical evolution of the 'means of production' would lead to social, political, and ideological developments, rather than the other way round.But the (so-called) socialist revolution came first in one of the technically backward countries. And instead of the means of production producing a new ideology, it was Lenin's and Stalin's ideology that Russia must push forward with its industrialization ('Socialism is dictatorship of the proletariat plus electrification') which promoted the new development of the means of production.Thus one might say that Marxism was once a science, but one which was refuted by some of the facts which happened to clash with its predictions (I have here mentioned just a few of these facts).However, Marxism is no longer a science; for it broke the methodological rule that we must accept falsification, and it immunized itself against the most blatant refutations of its predictions. Ever since then, it can be described only as nonscience—as a metaphysical dream, if you like, married to a cruel reality.Psychoanalysis is a very different case. It is an interesting psychological metaphysics (and no doubt there is some truth in it, as there is so often in metaphysical ideas), but it never was a science. There may be lots of people who are Freudian or Adlerian cases: Freud himself was clearly a Freudian case, and Adler an Adlerian case. But what prevents their theories from being scientific in the sense here described is, very simply, that they do not exclude any physically possible human behaviour. Whatever anybody may do is, in principle, explicable in Freudian or Adlerian terms. (Adler's break with Freud was more Adlerian than Freudian, but Freud never looked on it as a refutation of his theory.)The point is very clear. Neither Freud nor Adler excludes any particular person's acting in any particular way, whatever the outward circumstances. Whether a man sacrificed his life to rescue a drowning, child (a case of sublimation) or whether he murdered the child by drowning him (a case of repression) could not possibly be predicted or excluded by Freud's theory; the theory was compatible with everything that could happen—even without any special immunization treatment.Thus while Marxism became non-scientific by its adoption of an immunizing strategy, psychoanalysis was immune to start with, and remained so. In contrast, most physical theories are pretty free of immunizing tactics and highly falsifiable to start with. As a rule, they exclude an infinity of conceivable possibilities.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Green Mars|You can't choose your childhood, it's just what happens to you. But after that you choose. And that's really what (makes you).
Kate Atkinson, Life After Life|Or was it, as everyone told her, and as she must believe, all in her head? And so what if it was - wasn't everything in her head real too? What if there was no demonstrable reality? What if there was nothing beyond the mind?
Brand Blanshard, The Nature Of Thought|...reality is a system, completely ordered and fully intelligible, with which thought in its advance is more and more identifying itself. We may look at the growth of knowledge … as an attempt by our mind to return to union with things as they are in their ordered wholeness…. and if we take this view, our notion of truth is marked out for us. Truth is the approximation of thought to reality … Its measure is the distance thought has travelled … toward that intelligible system … The degree of truth of a particular proposition is to be judged in the first instance by its coherence with experience as a whole, ultimately by its coherence with that further whole, all comprehensive and fully articulated, in which thought can come to rest.
Hector Carsewell Macpherson, Thomas Carlyle Famous Scots Series|Carlyle's genius was many-sided. He touched and ennobled the national life at all points. He lifted a whole generation of young men out of the stagnating atmosphere of materialism and dead orthodoxy into the region of the ideal. With the Master of Balliol, we believe that 'no English writer has done more to elevate and purify our ideas of life and to make us conscious that the things of the spirit are real, and that in the last resort there is no other reality.
Adam Mickley Wood|Theres a process of self doubt when things go wrong. Whether or not its personal or a friend in trouble, looking at ones self isn't always the answer neither is seeking god. Just acception and the will to decide is a human condition, but the circle of choices flux with time. So fight my friend or choose your demise, because after all we are only human.
Ferdinand Cohn|The more formidable the contradiction between inexhaustible life-joy and inevitable fate, the greater the longing which reveals itself in the kingdom of poetry and in the self-created world of dreams hopes to banish the dark power of reality. The gods enjoy eternal youth, and the search for the means of securing it was one of the occupations of the heroes of mythology and the sages, as it was of real adventurers in the middle ages and more recent times. . . . But the fountain of youth has not been found, and can not be found if it is sought in any particular spot on the earth. Yet it is no fable, no dream-picture; it requires no adept to find it: it streams forth inexhaustible in all living nature.
Jaeda DeWalt|As an artist, i live in fantasy and flirt with reality. I'm an emotional magician of sorts. I paint my feelings onto the abstract canvas of a waking dream. I suspend my concepts in the ether's of otherworldly realms. This is the way my existence has always been. I am untethered, a traveler between worlds. I sinuously slip in and out of the real and surreal, until, they are one and the same. I do not like being shackled or chained, to the physical plane.
Crystal|Friendships don't last forever, but make sure you make the most of them before it's gone.
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|Maybe the world didn’t need witches and wolves, because the world itself did more to steal away the magic than fantasy ever could. It didn’t matter if one was disobedient, foolish, or unlucky, because the worst things just happened.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Look at the rain long enough, with no thoughts in your head, and you gradually feel your body falling loose, shaking free of the world of reality. Rain has the power to hypnotize.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|And when I fall in love,” I began, "I will build a mountain to touch the sky. Then, my lover and I will have the best of both worlds, reality firmly under our feet, while we have our heads in the clouds with all our illusions still intact. And the purple grass will grow all around, high enough to reach our eyes.
Tiffany Luard|I feel sorry for people who maintain relationships and friendships detrimental to their mental health. Everyone is guilty of it at one time or another- but the idea is to strive to be your best; right? So, meanwhile why are so many people faking it? Security? Fear of loneliness? Fears of independence? Fears of being self ? Or just the idea that you can make someone change? Regardless of the justifications you give & treat yourself to... , I hope all of you - "new year -new me types" strive for self care , honest and pure friendships and relationships based of love- and not based off the fake realities of your mind. These delusions of what you hope for instead of what's there, where you and your puppet show master focus more on everyone else and less on self. To change the world you must start within. But you must first BE HONEST with yourself. My new year started a few months ago-- and it was the best choice I ever made- and I hope your recreations are progressive and successful in THE NEW YEAR
Aldous Huxley, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell|However expressive, symbols can never be the things they stand for.
H.L. Mencken, The Artist: A Drama Without Words|I believe that religion, generally speaking, has been a curse to mankind — that its modest and greatly overestimated services on the ethical side have been more than overcome by the damage it has done to clear and honest thinking.I believe that no discovery of fact, however trivial, can be wholly useless to the race, and that no trumpeting of falsehood, however virtuous in intent, can be anything but vicious.I believe that the evidence for immortality is no better than the evidence of witches, and deserves no more respect.I believe in the complete freedom of thought and speech — alike for the humblest man and the mightiest, and in the utmost freedom of conduct that is consistent with living in organized society.I believe in the capacity of man to conquer his world, and to find out what it is made of, and how it is run.I believe in the reality of progress.I —But the whole thing, after all, may be put very simply. I believe that it is better to tell the truth than to lie. I believe that it is better to be free than to be a slave. And I believe that it is better to know than be ignorant.
Monica Ali, Brick Lane|The thought of writing was always pleasant, but the process was painful
Karen Marie Moning, Iced|I return my attention to the situation at hand and realize Reality—the impatient bitch—has made my decision for me. She does that a lot. You get busy planning your life, then it has the nerve to just go ahead and happen to you before you’re ready. Before you even get the chance to aim yourself right!
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|When an imaginative person gets into mental trouble, the line between seeming and being has a way of disappearing-
Aleksandar Hemon, The Book of My Lives|While he wanted to teach me what he knew, I wanted him to see what it all looked like for me—perhaps love is a process of finding a common vision of reality.
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|For a moment, the cardboard sets come crashing down to reveal that squalling monster, reality, locked up in the confines of its man-made cage. It is a fearsome thing, beautiful, inherent only to itself. Faced with such naked, existential truths, I understand why humans worship flesh-eating monsters and bloodthirsty gods.But only for a moment.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Last night I thought about all that kerosene I've used in the past ten years. And I thought about books. And for the first time I realized that a man was behind each one of the books. A man had to think them up. A man had to take a long time to put them down on paper. And I'd never even thought that thought before." He got out of bed."It took some man a lifetime maybe to put some of his thoughts down, looking around at the world and life and then I come along in two minutes and boom! it's all over.""Let me alone," said Mildred. "I didn't do anyt
Stephen King, It|...there were those who might have suggested that reality is a highly untrustworthy concept, something perhaps no more solid than a piece of canvas stretched over an interlacing of cables like the strands of a spiderweb.
Donald Miller, Searching for God Knows What|Reality is like a fine wine,” he said to me. “It will not appeal to children.
Jay Mark D. Saga-ad|In the end, all or nothing will matter.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|If you’re not doing what you want to do. However, you still think about it every day. This means you have not given up. Only you know what action will make it happen and thought is an action. Keep focusing on what you want to do and figure out how to turn your thoughts into reality…
Chris Campanioni, Going Down|It’s not enough to say it; you would need to take it out of your mouth, you would need to become it. You would need to become what you were born to be. In actuality, or in each reality, underneath it all—I mean, behind it—the answer lies in
Gayle Forman, Just One Year|One in a million cases; such comforting odds, except when you were the one
Anthony de Mello, Awareness: Conversations with the Masters|We see people and things not as they are, but as we are.
Adolfo Bioy Casares, The Invention of Morel|I do not believe that a dream should necessarily be taken for reality, or reality for madness.
Zeena Schreck|In order to understand why one chooses to be a Tantric practitioner, there has to be an understanding of cause and effect, cyclic existence, the awareness that the reality that we think we are seeing is not reality as it really truly is. So enlightenment is seeing reality with bare awareness, non-conceptual reality.
Tera Lynn Childs, Sweet Legacy|...if you project the image you wish the world to see, eventually it will become reality.
Frank Herbert, Dune|A ruler must learn to persuade and not to compel... he must lay the best coffee hearth to attract the finest men... a good ruler has to learn his world's language... it's different for every world... the language of the rocks and growing things... the language you don't hear just with your ears... the Mystery of Life... not a problem to solve, but a reality to experience... Understanding must move with the flow of the process.
Stephen King, Song of Susannah|Cat can have kittens in the oven, girl, but that won’t ever make em muffins.
James Patterson, The Final Warning|People want us, or want us dead, because of what we are, not who we are. It's hard.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, The Visible and the Invisible|...the real is coherent and probable because it is real, not real because it is coherent...
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|Human beings not only can't bear too much reality, we flee from reality when someone doesn't force us close enough to the fire to feel the heat on our faces.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|the real is coherent and probable because it is real, and not real because it is coherent...
E'yen A. Gardner|Oneness with God is not a dream, it is the only reality. Everything else is an illusion.
James Patterson, The Final Warning|People want us, or want us dead, because of what we are, not who we are. It's hard.~Angel
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|Actions speak louder than words, in fact. When we don't take action, we foster the mistaken reality of our old identity.
Liz Jensen, The Rapture|Lord, What a terrible shame. You're so attractive!'I know, I want to tell her. It should have happened to someone really ugly. And then it wouldn't have mattered.
J.M.E. McTaggart, The Unreality of Time|It doubtless seems highly paradoxical to assert that Time is unreal, and that all statements which involve its reality are erroneous. Such an assertion involves a far greater departure from the natural position of mankind than is involved in the assertion of the unreality of Space or of the unreality of Matter. So decisive a breach with that natural position is not to be lightly accepted. And yet in all ages the belief in the unreality of time has proved singularly attractive.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|When you prick a person with a needle, red blood comes out- that's the real world.
R. Alistair|For every quote, there is one that challenges it.
Michael Walterich, Gently Down|Until I have learned how to express myself as a human, I will not consider speaking as a god.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|The better you were able to imagine what you wanted to imagine, the farther you could flee from reality.
Shaun Tan, Lost & Found|There is an implicit recognition here that important things in life are not always immediately visible, and can't always be named, or even fully understood. Others still are entirely imaginary -- like a red tree growing suddenly in a room -- although this does not make them any less real.
André Gorz, Letter to D: A Love Story|You're 82 years old. You've shrunk six centimetres, you only weigh 45 kilos yet you're still beautiful, graceful and desirable. We've lived together now for 58 years and I love you more than ever. I once more feel a gnawing emptiness in the hollow of my chest that is only filled when your body is pressed next to mine.
Anthony Liccione|Nothing like being in a dream, then waking up to a nightmare.
Delphine de Vigan, No and Me|In books there are chapters to separate out the moments, to show that time is going by and things are changing, and sometimes the parts even have titles that are full of promise—'The Meeting', 'Hope', 'Downfall'—like paintings do. But in life there's nothing like that, no titles or signs or warnings, nothing to say 'Beware, danger!' or 'Frequent landslides' or 'Disillusion ahead'. In life you stand all alone in your costume, and too bad if it's in tatters.
Vironika Tugaleva|In truth, people know very little about each other. I only know as much about you as I know about myself.
John Updike, Self-Consciousness|Writing … is an addiction, an illusory release, a presumptuous taming of reality, a way of expressing lightly the unbearable. That we age and leave behind this litter of dead, unrecoverable selves is both unbearable and the commonest thing in the world — it happens to everybody. In the morning light one can write breezily, without the slight acceleration of one’s pulse, about what one cannot contemplate in the dark without turning in panic to God. In the dark one truly feels that immense sliding, that turning of the vast earth into darkness and eternal cold, taking with it all the furniture and scenery, and the bright distractions and warm touches, of our lives. Even the barest earthly facts are unbearably heavy, weighted as they are with our personal death. Writing, in making the world light — in codifying, distorting, prettifying, verbalizing it — approaches blasphemy.
Kerry Greenwood, Death at Victoria Dock|First, a bath. I'm feeling soiled. Too much contact with cold reality, I think.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|If there are "Infinite Dimensions" then there would be infinite alternaterealities, and if there are infinite alternate realities we would existin almost all of them that would make all of us omnipresent.And if anyone of those beings was connected with all knowledge in all the realities they would fall under what most call a God..
Angelo Dirks, Seven Dogs in Heaven|You humans always try to make things too simple, except when you’re trying to make things too complicated. You can never just be with what is.
Thalia Chaltas, Because I Am Furniture|Or maybe I am justoutside enough,being the footstool observing from the corner,that I have a view of reality.
M.F. Moonzajer|Appreciate her beauty, love her uniqueness and respect her reality.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|Even more remote from his way of thinking, even more impossible than any other thought, would have been words such as this: “Is it only I alone who have created this experience, or is it objective reality? Does the Master have the same feelings as I, or would mine amuse him? Are my thoughts new, unique, my own, or have the Master and many before him experienced and thought exactly the same?” No, for him there were no such analyses and differentiations. Everything was reality, was steeped in reality, full of it as bread dough is of yeast.
Haruki Murakami|Reality is created out of confusion and contradiction, and if you exclude those elements, you're no longer talking about reality. You might think that --by following language and a logic that appears consistent-- you're able to exclude that aspect of reality, but it will always be lying in wait for you, ready to take its revenge.
Chris Galford, At Faith's End|Are we not all one flesh? One mind? A sword brings power. Knowledge brings coin. With either, one can make blood reckoned, can earn names. The only thing that differs between a noble man and a working man is that they have now, while the other does not have it yet. Such things can be taken. They are always taken.
Sawm Rad|With each day, each hour and every moment of life, no matter how small, I realize that I have found a way of bringing me straight to the one person that I would give everything for… to you. I am living in a dream, in a dream I don’t want to awake from.
Angel Phetheni|We tend to forget that everything has an ending, so enjoy it while you can still see it around you.
Hamzat haruna Ribah|What ever you think, you can make it real.
C. JoyBell C.|People withhold their forgiveness, thinking that it makes them badass. But really, the unwillingness to forgive is merely the wishing that things were better. You wish that you had better, you wish that someone else were better so they could have treated you better... it’s you making wishes. And that’s not badass. To forgive is to be able to look at the person and say “I accept that you weren’t any better than what you were”, “I accept what you were you and couldn’t have been what I wished you to be”, “I accept that things were the way they were and weren’t any better.” The ability to forgive is intertwined with the ability to accept the reality of the way things are/ the way a person is or was. You stop wishing things and you just accept. And hope is what says to you: “One day you’ll have what’s better.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|But there's so much that was a lie, it's hard to figure out what was true, what was real, what matters.
Lauren Barnholdt, Two-Way Street|When people start liking people, that’s when someone has the ability to get hurt.
Patrick Harpur, A Complete Guide to the Soul|What you knew in your childhood is true; the Otherworld of magic and enchantment is real, sometimes terribly real - and certainly more real than the factual reality which our culture has built up, brick by brick, to shut out colour and light and prevent us from flying.
Nicholas Lobachevsky|There is no branch of mathematics, however abstract, which may not some day be applied to phenomena of the real world.
Stephen R. Donaldson, Lord Foul's Bane|A real man—real in all the ways that we recognize as real—finds himself suddenly abstracted from the world and deposited in a physical situation which could not possibly exist: sounds have aroma, smells have color and depth, sights have texture, touches have pitch and timbre. There he is informed by a disembodied voice that he has been brought to that place as a champion for his world. He must fight to the death in single combat against a champion from another world. If he is defeated, he will die, and his world—the real world—will be destroyed because it lacks the inner strength to survive.The man refuses to believe that what he is told is true. He asserts that he is either dreaming or hallucinating, and declines to be put in the false position of fighting to the death where no "real" danger exists. He is implacable in his determination to disbelieve his apparent situation, and does not defend himself when he is attacked by the champion of the other 
Constantin-François Volney, The Ruins of Empires|From this we conclude, that, to live in harmony and peace…we must trace a line of distinction between those (assertions) that are capable of verification, and those that are not; (we must) separate by an inviolable barrier the world of fantastical beings from the world of realities.
Rebecca West, The Return of the Soldier|Now, why did Kitty, who was the falsest thing on earth, who was in tune with every kind of falsity, by merely suffering somehow remind us of reality? Why did her tears reveal to me what I had learned long ago, but had forgotten in my frenzied love, that there is a draft that we must drink or not be fully human? I knew that one must know the truth. I knew quite well that when one is adult one must raise to one's lips the wine of the truth, heedless that it is not sweet like milk, but draws the mouth with its strength, and celebrate communion with reality[.]
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I am glad you are happy--but I never believe much in happiness. I never believe in misery either. Those are things you see on the stage or the screen or the printed page, they never really happen to you in life.
Raheel Farooq|Truth and reality are two different things. Truth is nothing more or less than an expression of reality as you perceive it, while reality being something totally independent of, and indifferent to how you express, or even, perceive it. People differ only in their reference to reality; and this difference is not without its own implications. Certain interpretations have more value in certain situations, and vice versa. Any number of opposite propositions may be true simultaneously, but their truth value will ultimately decide their worth. From which angle to look at reality at a certain time, is a wisdom philosophy is not designed to endow. It can only help you refine your perception. In order to choose and change your mode of perception, you perhaps need Will.
Raheel Farooq|The most brutal avenger on earth is a reality you ignored, however minor.
Al-Hanouf Halawi|When you try hard to get something, but you gain nothing, this is what's called depression.
Amit Kalantri|General belief is “There is no real magic, only tricks” but a great magician compel people not to trust that belief and make them believe, after all "There does exist a real magic".
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|They may have been rightly overbearing in her formative years, but they also loved Roselyn enough to trust she needed dreams more than realities.
Raheel Farooq|The most ridiculous activity of human mind is questioning. Cognition of reality surpasses both question and answer, however ingenious.
Xena Thornton|You only live once so, lets make a difference people will remember.
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|By perceiving the end of those illusive ideas and statuses as real, see yourself as though you have already accomplished what you have had a revelation to do. Then go, make it happen.
Dennis Vickers, Between the Shadow and the Soul|Like a fire alarm going off in your ear, sulfur up your nose, mouth full of sour milk, reality is what it is – you deal with it.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|I have never distinguished readily between thinking and dreaming. I know my life would be much different if I could ever say, This I have learned from my senses, while that I have merely imagined.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|While you're governing the colony and I'm writing political philosophy, They'll never guess that in the darkness of night we sneak into each other's room and play checkers and have pillow fights.
Paul A.M. Dirac|I cannot understand why we idle discussing religion. If we are honest—and scientists have to be—we must admit that religion is a jumble of false assertions, with no basis in reality. The very idea of God is a product of the human imagination. It is quite understandable why primitive people, who were so much more exposed to the overpowering forces of nature than we are today, should have personified these forces in fear and trembling. But nowadays, when we understand so many natural processes, we have no need for such solutions. I can't for the life of me see how the postulate of an Almighty God helps us in any way. What I do see is that this assumption leads to such unproductive questions as why God allows so much misery and injustice, the exploitation of the poor by the rich and all the other horrors He might have prevented. If religion is still being taught, it is by no means because its ideas still convince us, but simply because some of us want to keep the lower classes quiet. Quiet people are much easier to govern than clamorous and dissatisfied ones. They are also much easier to exploit. Religion is a kind of opium that allows a nation to lull itself into wishful dreams and so forget the injustices that are being perpetrated against the people. Hence the close alliance between those two great political forces, the State and the Church. Both need the illusion that a kindly God rewards—in heaven if not on earth—all those who have not risen up against injustice, who have done their duty quietly and uncomplainingly. That is precisely why the honest assertion that God is a mere product of the human imagination is branded as the worst of all mortal sins.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|In real life, you don't get a reset, and you don't get extra lives, and I got the crap pounded out of me.
Shirley Jackson, Hangsaman|Poor things, she thought - do they have to spend all this energy just to surround me? It seemed pitiful that these automatons should be created and wasted, never knowing more than a minor fragment of the pattern in which they were involved, to learn and follow through insensitively a tiny step in the great dance which was seen close up as the destruction of Natalie, and far off, as the end of the 
Paul Watzlawick, How Real Is Real?|Our everyday, traditional ideas of reality are delusions which we spend substantial parts of our daily lives shoring up, even at the considerable risk of trying to force facts to fit our definition of reality instead of vice versa. And the most dangerous delusion of all is that there is only one reality.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Report to Greco|We are to blame if reality does not take the form we desire. Whatever we have not desired with sufficient strength, that we call nonexistent. Desire it, imbrue it with your blood, your sweat, your tears, and it will take on a body. Reality is nothing more than the chimera subjected to our desire and our suffering.
A.M. Homes, May We Be Forgiven|Was this the big one or was this the small tremor, the warning? Does it get better - does the sensation of being in a dream underwater go away?
Cyc Jouzy|In your mind you are cheating somebody, but in reality you are cheating yourself.
Idries Shah, Thinkers of the East|Ali, Son of the Father of the SeekerAli said: 'None may arrive at the Truth until he is able to think that the Path itself may be wrong. This is because those who can only believe that it must be right are not believers, but people who are incapable of thinking otherwise than they already think. Such people are not men at all. Like animals they must follow certain beliefs, and during this time they cannot learn. Because they cannot be called “humanity”, they cannot arrive at the Truth.
Laren Grey Umphlett|The strange paradox of science is that it does not explain reality, it explains our fantasy. It is a beautiful thing.
Jakob Wassermann, My First Wife|The way individuals live together. The truth of each individual is only the truth of his own narrow perspective. The entirety of mankind and of human qualities is always seen through a prisim, where its colours are broken. Observation is so utterly different from experinnce; there is no hope of fusing their contardictions, as the I and the not-I have been foes from the world's beginning.
Terry Eagleton, How to Read Literature|Interestingly, this speech by Prospero does not contrast the unreality of the stage with the solid, flesh-and-blood existence of real men and women. On the contrary, it seizes on the flimsiness of dramatic characters as a metaphor for the fleeting, fantasy-ridden quality of actual human lives. It is we who are made of dreams, not just such figments of Shakespeare’s imagination as Ariel and Caliban. The cloud-capped towers and gorgeous palaces of this earth are mere stage scenery after all.
Angelo Dirks, Seven Dogs in Heaven|When imagination changes from hoping to knowing, it makes things real.
Stella Payton|Whatever you believe to be true, whether it is true or not; if you believe it, then to you it becomes the truth.
Don Roff|Authors must spend months, years making fantasy believable in a single work while reality runs rampant and complete chaos elsewhere.
Shan O' Connor|Words are a powerful aphrodisiac. They have the ability to awaken emotion, to excite the minds and senses. The right words entice, creep and crawl along the skin like the sensuous touch of a skilled lover. THAT my friends, is truly magical indeed...
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|The sad truth is,we are all grown ups and most of us arematured.However, not all of us are old enough toaccept that loving someone doesn'tguarantee you that they will love you inreturn.
Chris Kurtz, The Adventures of a South Pole Pig: A novel of snow and courage|This was a cruel world she had been born into, all pink and squirming. She'd never wanted to see reality. Now, like the cold, it was impossible to ignore.
Stephen R. Donaldson, The Mirror of Her Dreams|The speed felt tremendous. And the bottom of the ravine was treacherous. She ought to control her mount somehow - slow it; steer it to safer footing. Of course. And while she was at it, she ought to defeat the Alend Monarch's army, take care of Master Gilbur and the arch-Imager Vagel, and produce peace on earth. While composing great music with her free hand. Instead of doing all that, however, she concentrated with a pure white intensity that resembled terror on simply staying in the saddle
Sean Carroll|Science and religion both make claims about the fundamental workings of the universe. Although these claims are not a priori incompatible (we could imagine being brought to religious belief through scientific investigation), I will argue that in practice they diverge. If we believe that the methods of science can be used to discriminate between fundamental pictures of reality, we are led to a strictly materialist conception of the universe. While the details of modern cosmology are not a necessary part of this argument, they provide interesting clues as to how an ultimate picture may be constructed.
Alphonse Karr, A Tour Round My Garden|We can complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorns have roses.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|Of course there must be lots of Magic in the world," he said wisely one day, "but people don't know what it is like or how to make it. Perhaps the beginning is just to say nice things are going to happen until you make them happen. I am going to try and experiment.
Gina Lake, What about Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment|A lot of things are inherent in life -change, birth, death, aging, illness, accidents, calamities, and losses of all kinds- but these events don't have to be the cause of ongoing suffering. Yes, these events cause grief and sadness, but grief and sadness pass, like everything else, and are replaced with other experiences. The ego, however, clings to negative thoughts and feelings and, as a result, magnifies, intensifies, and sustains those emotions while the ego overlooks the subtle feelings of joy, gratitude, excitement, adventure, love, and peace that come from Essence. If we dwelt on these positive states as much as we generally dwell on our negative thoughts and painful emotions, our lives would be transformed.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|You will never gain anyone's approval by begging for it. When you stand confident in your own worth, respect follows.
Victoria Addino|Always think extra hard before crossing over to a bad side, if you were weak enough to cross over, you may not be strong enough to cross back!
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|To live, to TRULY live, we must be willing to RISK. To be nothing in order to find everything. To leap before we look.
Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now|You've come to give me a piece of your mind. You know that phrase is really beautiful. The mind is the most powerful thing in the body. Whatever the mind believes, the body can achieve. So to give someone a piece of it... well thank you. Funny how people are always intent on giving it to the people they dislike when it really should be for the ones they love.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|You are here to evolve and make your consciousness high.You are here to dance, sing and celebrate life. You are here to help others to make their life happy. We are here not to compete, but to learn, evolve and excel. We are not here to make divisions in the name of prophets and religions. We are here to encompass the world with love and light.
Gordon B. Hinckley|What I am suggesting is that each of us turn from the negativism that permeates our society and look for the remarkable good among those with whom we associate, that we speak of one another’s virtues more than we speak of one another’s faults, that optimism replace pessimism, that our faith exceed our fears. When I was a young man and was prone to speak critically, my father would say: “Cynics do not contribute, skeptics do not create, doubters do not achieve.
Jennifer Crusie, Agnes and the Hitman|You have to open up to the world and learn optimism...Contentment with the past, happiness with the present, and hope for the future. Learned optimisim.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|i held it up, and tried to channel happy dog thoughts toward Cerberus- Alpo commercials, cute little puppies, fire hydrants.
Tupac Shakur, The Rose That Grew from Concrete|Where There is a willthere is a willto search and discover a better dayWhere a positive heartis all you needto rise beyondand succeedWhere young minds grow and respect each other based on their deedsand not their colorwhen times are dimsay as I say"Where there's a willthere's a way!
Leonard Bernstein, The Unanswered Question: Six Talks at Harvard (Charles Eliot Norton Lectures)|I'm no longer quite sure what the question is, but I do know that the answer is Yes.
Barbara Ehrenreich|In matters of the heart as well, a certain level of negativity and suspicion is universally recommended. You may try to project a thoroughly positive outlook in order to attract a potential boyfriend, but you are also advised to Google him.
Rachel Robins, How To Feel Good About Yourself - Boost Your Confidence & Tackle Low Self Esteem. Packed with Self Improvement Techniques, Positive Thinking Tips & Inspirational Quotes|When you’re comfortable and content with who you are, the voices of others who try and define, control or direct you are not important.
Rachel Robins, How To Feel Good About Yourself - Boost Your Confidence & Tackle Low Self Esteem. Packed with Self Improvement Techniques, Positive Thinking Tips & Inspirational Quotes|Saying thanks to the world, and acknowledging your own accomplishments, is a great way to feel good and stay positive.
Victoria Addino|If you ever walk down a path surrounding by negative energy, look for the fork in the path then cross over to the positive side.
Horacio Jones|Instead of saying, "I'm damaged, I'm broken, I have trust issues" say "I'm healing, I'm rediscovering myself, I'm starting over.
H.E. Davey|A positive attitude is most easily arrived at through a deliberate and rational analysis of what’s required to manifest unwavering positive thought patterns. First, reflect on the actual, present condition of your mind. In other words, is the mind positive or not? We’ve all met individuals who perceive themselves as positive people but don’t appear as such. Since the mind is both invisible and intangible, it’s therefore easier to see the accurate characteristics of the mind through a person’s words, deeds, and posture.For example, if we say, “It’s absolutely freezing today! I’ll probably catch a cold before the end of the day!” then our words expose a negative attitude. But if we say, “The temperature is very cold” (a simple statement of fact), then our expressions, and therefore attitude, are not negative. Sustaining an alert state in which self-awareness becomes possible gives us a chance to discover the origins of negativity. In doing so, we also have an opportunity to arrive at a state of positiveness, so that our words and deeds are also positive, making others feel comfortable, cheerful, and inspired.
Patricia Mulcahy, It Is Well with My Soul: The Extraordinary Life of a 106-Year-Old Woman|I told Ella Mae Cheeks Johnson, then age 105, that she was the only person over 80 who I'd ever met who never referred to her physical infirmities or health problems. To which she replied, "I have my difficulties; I do not rejoice in them.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|Feast, and your halls are crowdedFast, and the world goes bySucceed and give, and it helps you liveBut no man can help you die
Faraaz Kazi|But when nothing in your life happens in a positive frame, it is difficult to think positively and hope for the best.
Joseph McClendon III|Doctor, I appreciate your diagnosis, but I will not accept your verdict
Victoria Addino|The amount of time an individual may spend pondering over what his neighbor has and what he does not, is equivalent to the amount of time the individual has lost in becoming an equal to his neighbors.
H.E. Davey|Because all actions and expressions stem from the mind, it is vital to know the mind as well as decide in what way we’ll use it. Everyone has heard of psychosomatic illness, and most of us acknowledge that psychosomatic sicknesses can and do occur. But what about psychosomatic wellness? How many of us have considered if it’s possible to stay healthy or cure various maladies with the positive use of the mind? And if we have thought of this, have we done much more than simply consider the idea?
Bronnie Ware, The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing|The same view you look at every day, the same life, can become something brand new by focusing on its gifts rather than the negative aspects. Perspective is your own choice and the best way to shift that perspective is through gratitude, by acknowledging and appreciating the positives.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|Nothing closes doors as quickly as constant bad humor, reclamation, whining. Nobody wants to associate themselves with losers.
Charbel Tadros|Negativity is like burning plastic: while destroying itself, it annoys everyone with its stench.
Terre Thaemlitz, Nuisance - Writings on identity jamming & digital audio production|As every good marxist already knows, the ideological shift toward a terminally optimistic humanism was vital to the rise of bourgeoisie, and the decline of aristocracy.
Cécile Rischmann, Somewhere Over The Rainbow: A bittersweet memoir|The harder it gets...the tougher you become. The tougher you become, the easier you're able to deal with your thoughts. And once you reach that stage...there's no stopping you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Through all life changes , God is in control.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What we think, we act.
Avina Celeste|If you dwell on the negatives, any life can be terrible, regardless of its circumstances.
Scott Stabile|The moon, right now, is even bigger than my love for it.
Nofal|Defy me not for gleam can only shine in my existence" said Darkness.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you always stay positive, you least worry yourself over anything at all! You only take lessons from negative moments of life, and people who seek to change your positive nature to negative! Don’t ever allow your life to be negative just because of people, things and negative occurrences in life, not even for a brief moment! You are you! You are a positive person; stay positive and be happy!
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone’s Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Being optimistic is the view looking for the best, it comes with the “never give up” attitude.
Robert Rolih, The Million Dollar Decision : Get Out of the Rigged Game of Investing and Add a Million to Your Net Worth|The definition of a person who practices visualization and positive thinking, without taking action: a broke loser.
Micheline Jean Louis|Today focus on the qualities you like about yourself, focus on the good friends and family members you have around you .feed today with gratefulness . what you focus on I believe will remain constant in your life.
Emilyann Girdner|When we try to find the good in ourselves and others, we pull those good traits up out of hiding and keep them alive, verses pulling out our bad qualities.
Odille Rault|The next time you think something's too good to be true, remember - so's electricity and sewerage!
Balroop Singh, Emotional Truths Of Relationships|Dreams get shattered, hopes are belied, aspirations delude and opportunities elude us. Clouds have the power to conceal the sunshine and our radiance fails to ignite positive thoughts unless we embellish our thoughts and emotions, which can be trained to veer into a positive direction.
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|A positive mental attitude can improve your health, enhance your relationships, increase your chances of success, and add years to your life.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|The good news is that opportunities for love enter our lives unpredictably, whether or not we’ve perfected self-compassion or befriended our inner critic.
Val Uchendu|The mindset of loss of a loved one is to understand that the loss will never be undone. You must live with it, like it or not. But, to live well, you must turn that loss into something positive. That way, you can become the best version of yourself; scarred, flawed and unstoppable
E. Nesbit, Five Children and It|Trying not to believe things when in your heart you are almost sure they are true, is as bad for the temper as anything I know.
LifeOfGrace|Stay beautiful, tay positive, and remember that you remember in this world.
Unknown|If you don't have a smile, I'll give you one of mine.
Doug Meckelson and Diane Haithman|No one goes through this life unscathed. No matter what one sees in other people's lives that might seem better than one's own, that's only on the surface. No one knows what goes on beneath. Envy is an exercise in futility, since not one person gets out of this life alive.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|I would say about 80 to 90 percent of people's thinking is not only repetitive and useless, but because of its dysfunction and often negative nature, much of it is also harmful. Observe your mind and you will know this to be true. It causes a serious leakage of vital energy.
Devanshi Sharma, No Matter What I Do: I End Up Falling for You|Why go with wrong, when right is an option?
Ao Jyumonji, Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash: Volume 1|I ought to get some shut-eye. All this thinking isn't doing me any good. Something good might happen tomorrow, anyway. Today's over now. I can't do anything about that. Tomorrow's what's important now. What will I do tomorrow?
Timothy Pina, Bullying Ben: How Benjamin Franklin Overcame Bullying|There is no reason to look back, when there is so much good in front of you. Always keep moving forward on your roads of life!
Farshad Asl|At the end of each day, write down three things from the day you feel grateful for, and you will attract positive things into your life. Decide today that you are going to get rid of negativity in your life and let positive thoughts take root. Get your brain into a good, happy, grateful and positive mindset daily.
Margo Vader|I have ugly hands, but I'm grateful 'coz they work beautifully!
raja shakeel mushtaque|One should learn to be happy and content by himself, for everything else life is there to give a perfect lesson.
raja shakeel mushtaque|If there so many hurdles in your life to achieve something, you have to believe God firmly.Because He is creating a wonderful story to inspire people through you, that couldn't be done with a single stroke of success.
raja shakeel mushtaque|On the canvas of life,with the brushes of goodness, love and passion, paint your randomness, dynamism & desire to show your "art of living" to the world.
Stephanie Lahart|Your attitude can either be your best friend who has your best interest at heart or your worst enemy who wants to see you fail, destroy your life, and be miserably unhappy. It’s imperative that you check your attitude. Make sure that your attitude is working for you, not against you. There’s limitless value in having a positive, empowered, and optimistic attitude! Choose wisely which attitude you give life to.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Now is the time to realize your potential and look beyond disappointment and focus on blessings. They are all around you, if you only take the time to welcome them into your life.
Jill Bolte Taylor, My Stroke of Insight: A Brain Scientist's Personal Journey|If I am not persistent with my desire to think about other things, and consciously initiate new circuits of thought, then those uninvited loops can generate new strength and begin monopolizing my mind again. To counter their activities, I keep a handy list of three things available for me to turn my consciousness toward when I am in a state of need: 1) I remember something I find fascinating that I would like to ponder more deeply, 2) I think about something that brings me terrific joy, or 3) I think about something I would like to do.
Jill Bolte Taylor, My Stroke of Insight: A Brain Scientist's Personal Journey|Fortunately, how we choose to be today is not predetermined by how we were yesterday...You and you alone choose moment by moment who and how you want to be in the world. I encourage you to pay attention to what is going on in your brain. Own your power and show up for your life.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|If your glass seems half empty, use a smaller glass.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|I never see problems. I always see challenges. By definition, a problem is something unwelcome or harmful, whereas a challenge is a contest. Contests can be won; and, I love winning.
Harshvardhan Malpani|You set it, You hit it!And meanwhile you work hard to hit real quick.
Olawale Daniel|It is not who you are NOW, it is what GOD says you are that matter.
Jang Jae Yeol, Its Okay That’s Love|Instead of others, ask yourself, “Are you really okay?” Check on yourself like this and do a warm “Goodnight” to yourself.
dandelionlady96|Sometimes you’re sad, you listen to sad music, you relate to the lyrics, you sulk, and that is alright. Just remember, everything will be fine at the end of the day. Sometimes you’re happy, you write happy positive posts, re-blog cute stuff, you laugh at everything, you feel like celebrating everything, and that’s okay. We have our moments, we’ve all had those days where we feel sad and we have no idea why. You’re entitled to feel what you want to feel at the moment. Don’t let them tell you you have no right to be sad. Don’t let them tell you not to celebrate the small things you have accomplished.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When you believe it, you've created it, whatever it is
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|A hero: a man or woman who is unsatisfied by his condition, and resolves to do something about it.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Keep running; keep dreaming, keep alive the flame of hope; defeat and despair will not catch up with you
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|The reason you don't succeed in life is because you are too lenient with your deadly enemies. Identify them and eradicate them completely, don't let any of their seed escape your vengeful sword. Don't negotiate with the enemy and never make deals with them. Only after you have wiped them out of the map will success smile at you
Linda Carvelli, Perfectly Negative|Everything happens for a reason, we just don't get the reason with the thing
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Don't be afraid to bite on a giant, learn from the mosquito
Maureen Brady, Daybreak: Meditations For Women Survivors Of Sexual Abuse|I am empowered by self-knowledge, by ownership of my experiences, and by all aspects of myself.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|State what you want, and go for it, don't refuse yourself a request you did not make.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|An entrepreneur is not deterred by his lack of perfection, he knows no one else is
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Every negative has a positive.” Take my sickness, for example. Being sick is not good, but through this, I have received a lot of blessings in different forms. Because of this, I am able to share everything that God has done for me.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Every time someone starts a project he is considered nuts, until he beats all the odds and laughs the last.
Rohvannyn Shaw, Quests of the Avatar: Seeking Virtue in the modern world|Next time you try to do something and fail, and it really was partly in your control, be honest aboutwhy you failed--but also, what you can do better in the future. It's easy to see that blamingcircumstance robs you of opportunities to learn.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Darkness is always afraid of the positive thoughts, because they are also a species of light!
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America|Happiness, after all, is generally measured as reported satisfaction with one's life - a state of mind perhaps more accessible to those who are affluent, who conform to social norms, who suppress judgment in the service of faith, and who are not overly bothered by societal injustice...The real conservatism of positive psychology lies in its attachment to the status quo, with all its inequalities and abuses of power. Positive psychologists' tests of happiness and well-being, for example, rest heavily on measures of personal contentment with things as they are.
Asma Naqi|Through the passage of my life I have learned, that the power of positive association is so much stronger than any amount of negativity in the world. No matter how dark it is, a tiny beam of light is all it takes to kill the darkest of darkness.
Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends|Sometimes we don’t have a choice in where we come from, but we can definitely choose where we go from there.
Jacqueline Lewis, Life Begins at the End of Your Comfort Zone: A Journal to Reignite, Renew, and Refuel your Life|Keep your Eyes on All that's Good and Beautiful and Possible in the World. Because "The Stories We Tell Create the People We Become.
Auliq-Ice|Exercising the Body is great, But exercising the Mind is the GREATEST.
Asma Naqi|Through the passage of my life I have learned that the power of positive association is so much stronger than any amount of negativity in the world. No matter how dark it is, a tiny beam of light is all it takes to kill the darkest of darkness.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The more you choose to focus on the positive, the more positive will come into focus. The choice is yours.
Inshan Meahjohn|Flow with the go! If you want to experience the magnificence of the Universe in your life accept where you are, own it, take responsibility for it. Then release the old hurt, guilt, wrongs, mistakes as well as your future worries and stress. Finally in learning to be grateful, you will attract the love, light, prosperity and abundance that you seek and deserve. By emptying your cup, you will prepare your vessel to be truly filled with the treasures that were prepared for you before you were born. Go forth my friend and truly experience your life at its fullest potential! ”- The Hidden Path - Inshan Meahjohn
Zane Baker|Our thoughts are so powerful! Be careful what you think!If people only realized how powerful this concept is, they would never allow a negative thought to take space inside their minds.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When you start doing the impossible, you make it possible
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|There are lots of opportunities in limitations, but it takes a positive mindset to recognize them.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|The key to happiness - or that even more desired thing, calmness - lies not in always thinking happy thoughts. No. That is impossible. No mind on earth with any kind of intelligence could spend a lifetime enjoying only happy thoughts. They key is in accepting your thoughts, all of them, even the bad ones. Accept thoughts, but don't become them. Understand, for instance, that having a sad thought, even having a continual succession of sad thoughts, is not the same as being a sad person.
Lauren Wolk, Wolf Hollow|But the wind always swept my words away like cloud shadows, as if it mattered more that I said them, than who heard them.
Lauren Wolk|If my life was to be just a single note in an endless symphony, how could I not sound it out for as long and as loudly as I could?
Dee Waldeck|Truth always prevails, as it packs the mightiest punch of them all!
Dee Waldeck|The voice of jealousy strikes from those who aim to hurt you, not those who love you!
Peter J. Carroll, Psybermagick: Advanced Ideas in Chaos Magick|As belief in one's capabilities self-evidently leads to increasing capabilities, magicians consider it worthwhile to believe in their ability to accomplish the impossible, even if they only succeed at this occasionally.
Bradley B. Dalina|I'm not a rich man but I won't agree to be on its opposite;I'm blessed, I 'm an able man though I don't have those material richness I've learned to live in contentment by loving and valuing everything I have. I'm happy and thankful even though problems always seems to break me.I still manage to strive and overcome them, knowing that God is always with me.
Barbara Bradley Hagerty, Life Reimagined: The Science, Art, and Opportunity of Midlife|Your thoughts and attitudes today chart your destiny tomorrow, and the day after that, and the day after that.
Dee Waldeck|Life can be a strange yet wonderful experience to live, if only you learn to enjoy it more.
RHETT BURCH|I think in many ways that even though the pages of our future are still blank, even though we are still confounded by the unending choices we make that will forever decide our future, even with all of this uncertainty, the pages of our future seem to be written in invisible ink. It’s as if the pages shutter and grow restless under the weight of this ink, wanting to open up to the final pages to show us we need not worry. But alas the pages seem blank to us, and were it not for faith I too would shutter at the prospect of a future, any future. But it is with this faith that I say come forth with your future, any future you wish. I do not need to know the score, I accept that every ending is right in its own way, and my future and yours will be in harmony with the universe.
RHETT BURCH|I feel the sunrise in the alley; the rain has stopped drumming on my windows and a smile comes across my once weary and teary eyed face. The music finds its volume again, and a maddening piano sends a fury of force up my spine and into my now focused mind. I am here to be of service, to light fires along the path so that they may provide direction for another. I cannot see behind me, and I do not know how this will make you feel – and the beautiful truth is that it matters none to me. I have received whatever it is I should receive from this, and though I hope you wake with happiness in your heart, I know I cannot worry myself. I have no control – I am but a writer and a poor boy who has found my heart ripened because I can send my thoughts into the ether. I am always a part of this when I take myself out of it.
RHETT BURCH|I sense that in my golden age of transparency I have become less timid and more at ease. I am beginning to let this feeling go, I feel the discomfort slide from my shoulders and wither away. I want you to understand me, to know that my heart is elastic and my mind expansive. I want you to know that I need you because I see God in you – not in myself.
Green Day|Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life)"Another turning point, a fork stuck in the roadTime grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to goSo make the best of this test, and don't ask whyIt's not a question, but a lesson learned in timeIt's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,I hope you had the time of your life.So take the photographs, and still frames in your mindHang it on a shelf in good health and good timeTattoos and memories and dead skin on trialFor what it's worth, it was worth all the whileIt's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,I hope you had the time of your life.It's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,I hope you had the time of your life.It's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,I hope you had the time of your life.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|Thoughts -- just mere thoughts -- are as powerful as electric batteries -- as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison.
Tiffany Luard|Focus forward, not around you.In the moment;Not behind you.Don't grimace in the whys, Reslish in the Yes's. Be Positive...When you amplify the goods, you'll see bads as infinitesimally minuscule.Glorify and Cleanse... first and foremost , YOUR perception. #levitate
Lailah Gifty Akita|With or without money, the work must be done.
Tiffany Luard|Focus forward, not around you.In the moment;Not behind you.Don't grimace in the whys, Relish in 'Yes-es;' - Be Positive...When you amplify the goods, you'll see bads as infinitesimally minuscule.Glorify and Cleanse... first and foremost , YOUR perception. #levitate
Karon Waddell|I choose not to waste my energy hating someone and I recognise that their negativity drags me down, so I walk away from them.
Luffina Lourduraj|When people tell you that you are good for nothing, remember that God made the world from nothing and nothing can change into something anytime.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, we build our strength for ultimate success.
Karon Waddell|Remember, you are training your mind. You are either training to look for things to go wrong or you are training it to look for anything to go right. Train yourself to think only positive thoughts.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Positive simply means unifying energies, while negative simply means separating energies. It's not about what's good or bad, right or wrong. It's about embracing what feels good and brings us closer to peace.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|God is full of love, joy and peace. Every religion has said that God is within us or we are a part of God so why do we think small? Why do we have limiting beliefs about our success? Why do we not love ourselves? Why do we have fears? Isn’t thinking negative/small a sin then?
Sanchita Pandey, Voyage to Happiness!|Engrave beautiful and delightful thoughts in your mind. Forgive, let go, be good and keep positive. The Universe is after all a lovely place to be in and it will take care of you. It will bestow you with all the happiness that you can imagine because what you draw on the canvas of your mind, comes to picture.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|It's easy and natural to be thankful when your expectations are met. The real test of your faith is when things don't go your way, or when you are in pain.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Choose your thoughts and beliefs wisely.Be your own best friend, and not your enemy.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|CHOOSE WISELY'Birth wasn't your choice, and neither shall death be.But the way you live your lifeis your choice, buddy.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Transform, from a fault-finder and blamer to a solution-finder and appreciator.
Baz Luhrmann|Don't waste your time on jealousy. Sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're behind. The race is long and in the end, it's only with yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you can trust God and yourself, anything is possible.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whenever, you face challenge, it is time for a change.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whatever the situation, there exist sacred solution.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A task which seems difficult, can be done with adequate training.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you win the battle in the mind, you have the weapon of life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In every situation, we can find sacred lesson.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Something important I have learned is patience, and turning each failure into a learning experience. ..Instead of calling them "failures" I call them "lessons". Instead of saying, "I failed at that," I say, "I learned from that." Each failure has taught me something incredibly valuable and by recognizing this I can see the hand of God in my life in situations where most people would feel abandoned by Him.
Eric Zaccone|Circumvent negative situations, people or anything that will impede progress. These things are toxic to personal achievement; desired end-points are driven by positive attitude and persistence.
Lindsey Rietzsch, The Happy Lady|There is good all around us, but we get so used to it that we forget to celebrate it. The bad and unfortunate circumstances in our lives do not deserve all of our attention and energy. Remember to look for the good and to give that your full time and attention. It makes all the difference.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|When we are blinded by our frustration and devastation we become oblivious to the life preserver floating inches away from us. If we take a minute to think positive, utilize our faith, and become proactive, we are able to think rationally and clearly. We then will recognize the life preserver which will keep us afloat and help us get to our destination.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every morning, look in the mirror and affirm positive words into your life.
Richard  Roberts, Please Don't Tell My Parents I'm a Supervillain|Not an impossible task, just an outrageous challenge.
Alison Sudol|We are living in a process of pursuit. But sometimes we get so focused on trying to get where we're going and we forget that this is life, too. We're living it right now.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you listen to many wise sayings, you will develop a strong-mind
PREETI BAJPAI|Once you are in love, you remain always in love, sometimes fulfilled and most of the times unfulfilled and broken but you remain in love. Beauty of love is to find a way when you feel there is no way to get out of the dark room. I find it more beautiful and accomplished when you are broken but you still remain in love , i find it more astonishing when he/she left you alone but you still accompany him everywhere, I find it more hedonistic when you manage to have a beautiful smile which has struggled through tears.You may say that your beloved has cheated you, your prince charming lied you, your princess sell down the river, though you have done more than that you could do and one question which is even more painful than being slaughtered is WHY SHE/HE DID THIS TO ME which remains always unanswered. This makes your life wretchedness and see who is responsible ....No not your beloved/prince/princess its you only who is in search of something which will make no difference in your life. Let them go if they want to go, if they are happy with someone else, don't beg for the love, let the love come to you automatically.You deserve to be happy, respected and much better in your life. It is difficult to remain in love when someone suddenly disappear from your life but trust me once you understand that you have really loved them, once you understand that their state of being happy is what you always wished for is more important than that they are with you unhappy or betraying you, once you understand that life has always something better for you, once you understand the value of being lively and happy ,,,,,YOU WON'T HATE HER/HIM AGAIN IN LIFE FOR STABBING YOUR BACK ....FORGIVENESS IS THE BEST MEDICINE FOR THE PEACE OF YOUR HEART & DO REMEMBER YOUR HEART DESERVES PEACE NOT THE PIECES. Love is the best thing you can cater to yourself instead of asking from someone else.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every new morning, I write a grateful gratitude for the new grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With positive mind-set, you can graciously withstand the uncertainties of life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You don’t need to fight situation. You must only adjust, adapt and advance.
Sheri Kaye Hoff, Relax Into Inspired Action: Connect the Pieces and Live Fulfilled|Managing emotions is about living your truth rather than suffering a series of reactions. You are a powerful creator and more than your emotions.Emotions are a good guiding system to let you know what is going on inside; but they are not the rulers of your world. Appreciate your emotional range which is part of the wonderful human experience, but keep your inner guidance system in place. Follow your path. Choose your destination.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Without climbing the mountain of hardship, one may not know the joy of hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Whatever happens to us, God gives grace to endure and overcome the situation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Faith gives you confidence, strength and hope; vital for any accomplishment
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Positive thoughts, positive life.
Irfaan Santoe|My wish for us is that (in 2016) we obtain the power to be healthier, think more positively, and be more compassionate and forgiving. Hoping for a sunny year and that we can enjoy and feel the sun-rays, next to ‘just’ feeling warmer!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With the power of God, we can scale any wall.
T.K. Coleman, Freedom Without Permission: How to Live Free in a World That Isn't|Positive assumptions are needed only when you have negative assumptions that you’re trying to overcome. But when you drop your assumptions altogether, your soul stands naked in the open fields of possibility. And what you choose to create from that space is up to you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you face the worst situation, what do you do? Do you cry? No!With positive mentality you can graciously overcome the situation.
T.K. Coleman, Freedom Without Permission: How to Live Free in a World That Isn't|Being realistic encompasses the negative, but it by no means excludes the positive.
T.K. Coleman, Freedom Without Permission: How to Live Free in a World That Isn't|Keeping it real" isn't just a matter of facing up to harsh facts. It also includes opening up to the plethora of possibilities that offer us ways of impacting the world in spite of adversity.
Katherine Russell, Without Shame|No more crying. Tears only cause destructivefloods. When you are sad, you build a boat.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Renewed mind, revived spirit and restored strength.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|... Whenever Eleanor felt nervous or scared, she told herself to be happy instead. (It didn’t really make her feel better, but it kept her from feeling worse …)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive mindset, positive life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive mindset, positive attitude and positive action.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God loves our attention, sometimes adversity is away to draw us closer to Him.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I have no regrets. I believe in God, who controls every sacred-event.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We are refined like gold, with every adversity endured.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the furnace of fire, gold and silver are refined.In the furnace of affliction, we are refined and purified.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Self-struggle is spiritual. It is only by grace, the divine-self manifest.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every day is Christmas. Everyday Christ embrace us with His love, peace and joy.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the heavenly paradise, we find love, joy, hope and peace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the midst of the adversity, we can still strive by the grace of God
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you think positively, you attract divine forces for a positive lifestyle.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If we find ourselves in unfamiliar circumstance, what do we do? We ought to keep calm and pray.
Zainab T. Khan, A Bucket full of Awesome|Whenever something bad happens, do not forget to smile. Even if you have to deal with this really arrogant, ruthless tycoon. You never know, sometimes a very rude and arrogant person can be melted with a heartfelt smile.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We believe in the unseen God. So we dare the impossible, which is possible by God’s grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Instead of being frustrated by adversity, our mind focuses on the adventure of creativity with our thoughts. What a glorious paradise?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If one door is closed, find another open door.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Stand fast, firm and steadfast.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I am grateful for every adversity, I learn to depend more on God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|By the grace of God, I will finish what I have started.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When I have fully executed this phase of my life, then I can begin a new chapter.
Kevin J.  Donaldson, 10 Secrets of the New Rich: How To Join The World's New Breed Of Millionaires|The only way to stop the blaming-complaining cycle is to start being truly positive. No matter how bad your day is, always find something to be grateful for everyday. And expect only the best from people.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In times of trouble, be strong. And wait patiently for God to rescue you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t dwell on the circumstances, focus on God’s grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whatever you believe in your heart, you will receive it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My husband loves me, this is great delight.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I live by grace, in the light of God.
Dr. Theresa Nicassio|When we reside in Gratitude, it's impossible to simultaneously feel like a victim.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The word of God gives us strength, power and hope.
Dr. Theresa Nicassio, YUM: Plant-based Recipes for a Gluten-free Diet|When we reside in Gratitude, it is impossible to simultaneously feel like a victim.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Laziness has made our cities unclean. If we begin to work and act appropriately, we will clean our cities of any dirt.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When we begin to love and care for each other, we will share our challenges.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you think you can, you will have the grace to take action.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you don’t choose what you want, someone make the choice for you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If they say, it can’t be done, Ask, ‘Why not?’ It can be done. It will be done!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Write it in your heart, that you live life to the fullness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive attitude, positive outlook and positive self-esteem!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The best- choices are positive attitude, positive outlook and positive self-esteem.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you have to dwell on anything, think of noble pure thoughts.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you will have to dwell on anything, think of noble pure thoughts.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|What God says about you is what matters, than what others may think of you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the greatest trial, we behold the greatness of our great God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We must seek the spirituality of the soul, to find our sacred-path.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great Soul, Great Spirit, Great Self.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When I count my blessings, it is immeasurable
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Rejoice and be glad, you have life, the greatest gift.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If only you are patient, you will overcome any situation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Rest, refreshed and revived your soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great God, Great faith.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great spirituality, Great soul!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great life, great deeds.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Relax, refresh and revive your spirituality.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|What we long for, we shall possess.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As long as we dare dream, we can occupy new land.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Success requires discipline, dedication and diligence to the very end.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love builds, encourages and strengthens.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Never, never doubt who you are!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With self-confidence and self-commitment, you will realise your dream.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have only one life, don’t waste your life, fulfilling others dream.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With careful guidance and mentorship, you will reach your highest-self.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With persistent attempt, you will succeed.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do not waste your time and life, searching for a job. Utilize your special skills to begin your own work.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Pursuit of passion,
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Daring greatly, divine grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Daring life, graceful living.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you have grace to speak kind words, declare the sacred-words.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you have the grace to speak, declare sacred-utterances.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Think, speak and act positively.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In any situation, there is hope.
Sukant Ratnakar, Rum Beer Cocktail|If you face the light, shadow will always be behind you.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows|An entrepreneur is born, when a person has more reasons to drive his dreams against his excuses.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You are learner. With diligent practice, you will be an expert.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive affirmation, positive lifestyle.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Enjoy good times, endure adversity.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With patient endurance, the best of life enfolds.
Jenelle Joanne Ramsami|Be true to yourself, be positive, always keep a clear mind and don’t stress. Be goal driven and with a strong will power, your career will surely kick off. Relationship wise – be faithful and love your man, and the rest is self explanatory because it’s not rocket science.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In times of adversity, our only anchor is hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great endurance, great strength.
Richelle E. Goodrich|Be happy. Be happy for no reason at all. Believe it or not, you have the ability and free agency to make that choice.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Pray, read and mediate on the Scripture. These spiritual deeds are the greatest acts to self-development
Clifford D. Simak, Time Is the Simplest Thing|We have fallen on hard times of the spirit, with many of the people more concerned with fear of evil than contemplation of the good.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Your actions today, define tomorrow.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you fail, don’ quit.Try again, and again but with much enthusiasm and continuous effort.You will soon master the art and skills needed to succeed.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Only those who transcend into another world, knows there.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|What you decide to be today, you will become tomorrow.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Until a man begins to read, then He will discover himself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With faith, hope and enduring spirit we shall triumph.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The miracle is life, time and nature, three sacred gifts, ends with 'e'.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|What needs to be done must be done. With grace, it will be done.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every new day, we must refocus, to see the beauty of the moment
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You must be firm in your decisions, to avoid any wind blow.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In my darkness time, God splendour light shines my path.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|By the power of the Holy Spirit, we can do what needs to be done.
Manprit Kaur, The Little Book of Big Affirmations|Affirmations are positive statements and they need to be spoken with absolute, unadulterated faith. If you only speak with your mouth, without an iota of feeling in your heart and belief in your mind, then you’re going the wrong way! You need to feel the vibrancy, the truth, and the positivity of these statements. You need to write them on your mind-slate, create an indelible influence, and engrave them in your consciousness. You can only do that by following the Three Golden Rules of Affirmations – Repetition, Belief, and Positive Expectation. Remember, by making affirmations, you are consciously programming your mind to think in a certain way, so that hopeful and happy thinking becomes a part of your being. Affirmations are a way to train the mind; and training happens when you practice, practice, practice! Training requires conscious effort, discipline, belief, and consistency. That is exactly how you need to practice your affirmations.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|My priority is not about grades. I seek yearn for knowledge, skills and wisdom.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With patient and perseverance, the mountain is conquered.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|I believe in fatalism, the positive one.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With self-discipline, self-determination and self-endurance you can achieve the goal.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Running a marathon with a backpack is tough and may hinder you from winning the race. Don’t let the baggage from your past - heavy with fear, guilt, and anger - slow you down.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|How could we have achieved the set-goal, without endurance to the end?
Stephanie Lahart|I don’t mind failing because that means I’m trying. But giving up, now that’s something that I’m just not willing to do. I will continue to try and try again. I will keep my peace, stay focused, and know that my time will come. My positive attitude will not depart me. I will hold it close and keep on striving, knowing that what’s meant for me, will be. Nothing and nobody can stop it! My dedication and hard work won’t fail me, but most importantly, I won’t fail myself. I’m a winner and I’m a fighter! I don’t allow challenges to stop me.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You create the life you wish by your thoughts, speech and actions.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Make a conscious effort to think, speak and act in affirmative manner.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|It takes grace to stop working and go to bed. When in bed, more grace is needed to rise up and begin work again.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|There are no regrets in life, only experiences. Every experience helps us to be what we can be.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Words are spiritual. Think, speak and affirm positive words.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When we fall, we will rise again.
Ben Carson|To do his best, one needs a confidence that says, "I can do anything, and if I can't do it, I know how to get help.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without challenges, we fail to wonder.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Daring soul has five diaries; gratitude, work, inspirational, prayer and language diaries.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|How could we have discovered great lands, if we dare not travel?
Avis J. Williams|We can’t control everything that happens to us, but we can control how we respond to things we can’t control.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you are willing to be a self-learner, you will develop yourself.
Darwun St. James, T+E=C a formula for happiness|Make Time daily to focus on what Happiness means to you, we can't Achieve, what we can't Conceive!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the midst of the turbulence, we hang onto hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Think positive, Act positive.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be positive, be happy and be thankful.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When God gives you an idea, you must act immediately on it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Failure is not the end of life. It is the beginning of a greater success, if thy will persist.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be strong, be confident and be determined.
Stephan Labossiere|Positive energy is power. Use it more in your life, and see for yourself the success it creates.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Don't be enslaved by your negative thoughts. It's your mind, so take control of it - now!
|If you deprive your mind from positive thinking, it would in return starve you from positive living.
Stefan  Emunds|Optimism: things will go my way. Positivism: everything is perfect right here and now, whether I like it or not.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I am not shame of my failures, they were necessary for my ultimate success.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Believe, believe and it shall be!
Diamante Lavendar|When you realize that emotions aren't truth and they are simply reactions to life circumstances, they can no longer hold you captive.
Diamante Lavendar|To keep your sanity, when everything seems like it's going wrong, focus on the one thing that's going right!
James Patterson, Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas|Bad stuff does happen sometimes, always remember that but remember that you have to move on somehow. You just pick your head up and stare at something beautiful like the sky or the ocean and you move the hell on.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Whenever you encounter any fearful situation, there exists a great possibility for you to triumph only if you be willing enough to conquer the fear.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The circumference of your breast may change; the shape of your hips may change; the size of your pants may also change. But your life never changes unless your thoughts, your plans and your actions change! Think big things!
George Eliot, Middlemarch|My dear Mrs Casaubon," said Farebrother, smiling gently at her ardour, "character is not cut in marble - it is not something solid and unalterable. It is something living and changing, and may become diseased as our bodies do.""Then it may be rescued and healed," said Dorothea.
Jason L. Ma, Young Leaders 3.0: Stories, Insights, and Tips for Next-Generation Achievers|In life, school, or work, you must resourcefully act with purpose, curiosity, and wisdom toward positive outcomes, if not a vision.
Jocelyn  Murray, The Roman General: A Novel|It is not his body which makes a man strong, but his spirit. Nothing on the outside, but only that which comes from within.
Willard Scott|Positive feelings come from being honest about yourself and accepting your personality, and physical characteristics, warts and all; and, from belonging to a family that accepts you without question.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Your downfall is a preparation for your up-rise. If you don’t know this secret, you will remain on the floor, blaming your legs instead of your head!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you believe in your dream with all your heart, you can achieve it.
Avis J. Williams|We are already abundant, we have everything we need within us, to live a purposeful and fulfilling life.
James Woosley, Conquer the Entrepreneur's Kryptonite: Simple Strategic Planning for You and Your Business|However you see the world, realize that you can be successful if you do the work. Being positive and doing nothing will generate nothing. Being negative and fighting everything that cross your path can still lead to success.
|Positive thinking is the best gift that you can give to your mind, and the best part of it all, is that it is absolutely free.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In every step you take, keep your feet firmly on the ground.
Ameya Agrawal|When you are worried about thinking why you can't, you are losing the reasons why you should.
Aysha Taryam|Viciousness is part of the world we live in, some of us choose to ignore it with the rationalisation of wanting only positivity to flow our way. How selfish we have become! That the pain of others has become a hindrance to the fulfilment of our positive selves.
Jackie Ruka, Get Happy and Create a Kick-Butt Life: A Creative Toolbox to Rapidly Activate the Life You Desire|When you follow your desires, your fears fade.
James Clavell, Shōgun|...to think bad thoughts is really the easiest thing in the world." If you leave your mind to itself it will spiral you down into the ever-increasing unhappiness. To think good thoughts, however,requires effort. This is one of the things that discipline - training - is about. So, train your mind to dwell on sweet perfumes...
Jennifer Milius|Your mind believes what you tell it, so tell it positive things
Adele von Rust McCormick|Beholding beauty: The key is to acquire the ability to alter our negativity. To do this we use our capacity to project, but in a healthy way. Instead of expelling negative feelings and thoughts onto the world, we project good ones. Envisioning beauty and love in our mind'S eye accomplishes this end. Then we create a lighter psychological paradigm....We have the power to elevate our thoughts, feelings, and images, and when we teach ourselves how to behold beauty, we become increasingly sensitive to it.
Gudjon Bergmann, Yes! You Can Manage Stress|By thinking mostly about everything that has gone wrong, is going wrong, and can possibly go wrong, the thinker is bound to end up in a lousy mental and emotional state.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Whatever you set for yourself, you can achieve it.
Amanda Lindhout, A House in the Sky|By concentrating on what I was grateful for, I was able to stave off despair.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When you're a light instead of a dim switch, your brightness radiates in every direction.
Jan Jansen|If We see in Everything something Positive a smile wil sooner be There then a tear,
Jennifer Sodini|Expose your negatives to light, and just like a photo - the picture of your life will develop into something beautiful.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America|As a recent editorial in the Journal of Clinical Oncology put it: "What we must first remember is that the immune system is designed to detect foreign invaders, and avoid out own cells. With few exceptions, the immune system does not appear to recognize cancers within an individual as foreign, because they are actually part of the self.
Brian A.  Jackson, Mushroom Medicine: The Healing Power of Psilocybin & Sacred Entheogen History|One of my goals is to reduce the possible negative moments in life that I can have direct influence over. Bad situations and events will inevitably happen in everyone's life, at some point, but your reaction can affect the situation more than the initial problem if you allow it to. You have power over your actions. A negative moment can ruin your life, or be the foundation of your success. Being nice and smiling allows you the most opportunities to gain positive experiences in life.
Janny Wurts, Initiate's Trial|Because you’ve survived, there is a next strategy.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Improve on upon your limit of thinking; it is the best step to repair what has been destroyed by limited thinking. Think big, think wide, and above all think positively!
Da Anunciação Marco|For more irresponsible that human beings can be, nature always finds (not always healthy) a way to teach us how to be treated.
Gudjon Bergmann, Empowerment Basics|Being positive all the time is such a catchy idea, and it’s easy to preach. I guess that’s why it is popular. But life reveals itself in successions of up’s and down’s and if you plan to be positive all the time you will definitely fail.
Tom Althouse|You are the water that flows freely, the most dynamic force on the planet with the ability to change course and outlook at any time. You can be a raging river or a placid pond. A source of nourishment, or a breaker of walls. Part of an ocean or a solitary drop. You are dynamic, you are beauty, you are life.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|The greatest pollution problem is not found in the atmosphere, water, or soil; but in the minds of 90% of the population, which are contaminated with negative thoughts and beliefs.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|If someone doesn't care to accept you, respect you, believe in you, don't hesitate to move on and let them go. There are many who love and appreciate you just the way you are.
Tawny Lara|By seeing how small the world is, I realize how capable I am. I can conquer anything. Anywhere. Anyone.
Jennifer Sodini|The alchemy of life is to turn coins into cents, by making sense of change.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|They may not change your skins colour; they may not change your body odour; but once they can change your daily thoughts, they can influence your habits! Beware of evil companions!
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Pick a mentor. The role of a mentor is to monitor your movements. When you desire to move the positive way and you connect with someone who thinks the negative way, you can’t get there!
Aysha Taryam|We have reached the age of denial, we have become happiness seekers, afraid to feel. We are told to think positive, to seek only joy. Stores overflow with books selling you ways to rid yourself of ‘negative’ feelings.
Debbianne DeRose, How I Met the Man of My Dreams: a guide to MANifesting yours|Having your cake and eating it too is how Life was meant to be. Everything is possible. And the things we want the most are not only possible, they're highly probable.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity, A 50-Day Devotional|Happiness is an emotion based on positive circumstances within our lives. The origin of the word “happiness” was derived from the same root “hap”, similar to the word “happening.” Depending on what's happening in our lives, we're either happy or sad. It's based on pure luck and good fortune.
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|See, I’m a great believer in the power of negative thought. And in an age of affirmation, of self-help and self-love, of the rebirth of wide-eyed idealism and the power of positive thinking — I’m happy to be a champion of skepticism and doubt. That night, I rediscovered my role, my reason, and my rage.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity, A 50-Day Devotional|In essence, joy is the quiet confidence that everything will work out right. The best part of being filled with joy is that it's contagious. Your joy overflows. You can't keep it to yourself. It spills over to touch other lives in such a marvelous way. People around you want to be in your company. You lift their spirits!
Ashish Patel|When you do what someone else wants you to do, you are wasting your time. Don’t get tricked by other people’s thinking. The life is yours and so are goals. Believe in your own intuitions, speak your own voice, and follow what your heart says. The rest is secondary.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be the master of your mind, dwell on positive thoughts.
Sonia Choquette|I decided with this new awareness to dedicate my day to moving at my own natural, calm pace, and not pressuring myself to get going, get moving, or hurry up at all, something quite different from what I otherwise did.
Jeanette Coron|Think good and positive thoughts and you will attract good and positive things, think bad and negative thoughts and you will attract bad and negative things. It’s as simple as that in theory, but it takes time to master it fully, it takes time, patience and practice.
zia|Relations are also like living things, they breath, grow and make our lives wonderful and happier by their fragrance. Don't press or crush their necks……! let them breath……! let them grow……!because if we are climbing a mountain, each step may get harder but we should keep going, because we know that the view will be very beautiful from the Top....!take good care of you and your relations...!
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Do not be victim of life-negative religions. Be respectful to life, love and beauty.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Depression, anger, and sadness are states of mind, and so are happiness, peace, and contentment. You can choose to be in any of these states because it's your mind.
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|What do you think of the old boy?" said Jean."He's got a strangely sunny view of ten years of defeat", said Locke, "but if I get killed in the next six weeks, I want him to speak at my funeral.
Daniel Golston|If you’re going to be passionate about something, be passionate about learning.If you’re going to fight something, fight for those in need.If you’re going to question something, question authority.If you’re going to lose something, lose your inhibitions.If you’re going to gain something, gain respect and confidence.And if you’re going to hate something, hate the false idea that you are not capable of your dreams.― Daniel Golston
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Positive thinkers look for good in every situation. In times of difficulty, the can find many opportunities.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you want to become a positive thinker, don't think lack, think abundance, for you and for everyone. Dream big; as bigger as the blue ocean. Become aware of your thoughts and you will be aware of yourself.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|We become what we think; we don’t become what we don’t think about. When we think of a bigger picture, that’s what we get printed.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|When the brain thinks positively, the hands work positively, the legs run positively and the individual becomes a positive wholesome entity.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Opportunities may surface clearly, but it takes a positive mind to see them. Positive people think and think possibilities even in difficulties and failing situations.
krvishal|Life is Beautiful, it is you who want to Enjoy or Cry.Enjoy = Win, Cry = Loose.
Sakin Maharjan|Its just a matter of time, a positive mentality and a freedom; you will find yourself enjoying in your own world.
|There is a bright to even the darkest circumstance, if you have the courage to look for it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I can and will improve the world.I will smile, show kindness, and be grateful.I refuse to be unhappy.
Ahmed Mahrous.|Real life is the days we are going to live, not the days we lived.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|Remember that worrying will not go away by thinking the same thought again and again. Thinking something fresh, loving and uplifting instead of worrying. Replace your worse anxiety with cheerful optimism.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have to first dream and take the first action towards realising the dream, then all other resources will be attracted to you for the achievement of the dream.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|Here is how the universe works, whether it is in business or personal relationships. The more you second guess, doubt, and try to cover everything that could go wrong “before” you enter it, the more you will discover the need to do it. However the more you approach life and each new connection with open arms and trust, the more positive and elevating souls will enter your path in which none of the doubt is needed. Even the negative moments are positive lessons.
Ashok  Kallarakkal|When you are in a fix, often the fix is in you.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Flashes of Thought|Does running water stop when it reaches a rock? Of course not. It turns either left or right, and continues its way. Likewise, a positive person is confident that no challenge will stand in the way of achieving his or her goal.
Liberty Forrest, The Power and Simplicity of Self-Healing: With Scientific Proof That You Can Create Your Own Miracle|If we can accept the fact that we create illness, it follows naturally that we can also create wellness. And therein lies a most empowering nugget of truth and healing.
Ashish Patel|Every day I see lot of things cluttered in my surroundings. But that neither stresses me nor does it puts me down. Instead, it tells me that things will give you trouble if you see it as trouble.
Molly Friedenfeld|Whenever we make the choice to bring fear into the light with truth-seeking questions, we shall find soul-growing answers.
Shivam Saxena|Sometimes you literally need some pressure on your shoulder, to fetch the best in you...
Molly Friedenfeld|Whenever you feel your light dimming, you can snap yourself back into feeling good with the simple mantra, ‘I’m getting brighter and brighter and brighter and brighter!
Molly Friedenfeld|If anything viewed as negative has happened on your journey thus far, turn the page, create a new chapter, and write your own positive story. Then, bless humanity with the wisdom you have gained by traveling through the experience.
G.S.Sreekiran|On the seashore, when I feel the waves are taking the sand beneath my feet, I keep my feet firm and deep, I stay strong!!!
Indy Bissessur|If you wanna stay Positive, Healthy and undistracted,then leave the association of negative minded people because thats what they breathe out and you dont wanna fill your lungs with that kind of filthy air.
Dixie Waters|Love is about dreams, don't go to sleep expecting them, make them a reality.
Indy Bissessur|Revolution starts within our own heart, not on the street
Jim Henson, It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider|I know that it's easier to portray a world that's filled with cynicism and anger, where problems are solved with violence. What's a whole lot tougher is to offer alternatives, to present other ways conflicts can be resolved, and to show that you can have a positive impact on your world. To do that, you have to put yourself out on a limb, take chances, and run the risk of being called a do-gooder.
Unarine Ramaru|If you have fallen down, you cannot go further down, so pick yourself up and aim high, you've got nothing to lose.
Unarine Ramaru|The mindset you have, determines the next step you take.
Gretchen Rubin, Happier at Home: Kiss More, Jump More, Abandon Self-Control, and My Other Experiments in Everyday Life|Accept myself, and expect more of myself. Give myself limits to give myself freedom. Make people happier by acknowledging that they’re not feeling happy. Plan ahead to be spontaneous; only with careful preparation do I feel carefree. Accomplish more by working less. Happiness doesn’t always make me feel happy. Flawed can be more perfect than perfection. It’s very hard to make things easier. My material desires have a spiritual aspect. Hell is other people. Heaven is other people.What was “happiness,” anyway, and was it even possible to make myself happier?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Dare to dwell on great thoughts, you will be great.
Unarine Ramaru|Never be fooled that you are not number one, they got it wrong, because you beat a bunch of sperms to be alive.
Roy  Bennett|Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
Juma Iraki|Life`s a gift, aim for the sky
Roy  Bennett|If you want to get positive results you have to refuse to think negative thoughts by substituting them with constructive ones. When you develop a positive attitude toward life, your life will start having a positive result.
Unarine Ramaru|Start looking at the glass as half full and not half empty, a positive life is secondary to you being positive.
A Kalon Writer|The only tension that gets my attention, is when I stick a fork too close to my silver filling.
L. M. Fields|When banana's don't work, try a cookie.
Stevan V. Nikolic, Weekend In Faro|There is something called positive thinking that people often confuse with hope. But it is different. Positive thinking is a state of mind, while hope is a useless state of the heart. Positive thinking is about doing and hope is about feeling. So, positive thinking is what you need.
Lori Hatcher|When I capture my thoughts and compare them to the truth of God’s Word, I often find they are false, deceptive, or destructive.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset|In today's world, it is tempting to follow suit and artificially numb the emotions you don't want while inducing the ones that you do want. The problem is that pushing pleasure into your veins will not get you out of quicksand, nor will blocking pain bring you relief. The solutions do not lie in the world of emotions, but rather in the world of thoughts.
Dante Jannicelli|Thank Life For Happening, Thank Every Twist And Turn, There Is A Reason For Every Single Thing, There Is A Reason For Every Worry And Concern.
Paige Rawl, Positive: A Memoir|If we can let ourselves, all of us, be united by the simple fact of having a difference, we will be bigger and stronger and more powerful than anyone who might otherwise make us feel small.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|And here lies the essential difference between Stoicism and the modern-day 'cult of optimism.' For the Stoics, the ideal state of mind was tranquility, not the excitable cheer that positive thinkers usually seem to mean when they use the word, 'happiness.' And tranquility was to be achieved not by strenuously chasing after enjoyable experiences, but by cultivating a kind of calm indifference towards one's circumstances.
Avis J. Williams, The Psychic Mind: A Practical Guide to Psychic Development & Spiritual Growth|Thoughts create emotions, emotions create feelings and feelings create behaviour. So it’s very important that our thoughts are positive, to attract the right people, events and circumstances into our lives.
Widad Akreyi|No matter what you are dealing with in life, be it resentment or regret, bitterness or sadness, anger or apathy, hatred or hesitation, depression or disempowerment, disappointment or other destructive anxieties, painful envy or emotional turmoil, fear of isolation or thoughts of failure, keep in mind that if you are positive, positivity will find you and embrace you!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every stage of life is unique.At any age and every stage of life there are obstacles and opportunities, trials and triumphs. Never allow the negative bring to you to sudden halt.Make the most of the positive opportunities and stay positive.
Avis J. Williams|Focus on what you can do right now, not what you can't do right now
Avis J. Williams|To change your life, you need to become aware of yourself
PRIYANSHU JOSHI|If you are opportunist, then you are already one step closer to achieve your target!
Widad Akreyi|No matter what you face, don't forget if you're positive, positivity will find you and embrace you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Don’t think about those who are not doing it. Focus on your dreams, goals and actions and make sure it is done well.
PRIYANSHU JOSHI|AIM BIG,THINK DEEP,WORK HARD,YOU WIN!
PRIYANSHU JOSHI|I am a glass of Positivity; If you drink it,you will always find positives in you!
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|Negative emotions, like depression or anxiety, have been shown to affect our immune system. Stress impedes wound healing.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|And here lies the essential between Stoicism and the modern-day 'cult of optimism.' For the Stoics, the ideal state of mind was tranquility, not the excitable cheer that positive thinkers usually seem to mean when they use the word, 'happiness.' And tranquility was to be achieved not by strenuously chasing after enjoyable experiences, but by cultivating a kind of calm indifference towards one's circumstances.
Shannon L. Alder|Every person with ADHD already knows that destination addiction is part of their disorder. However, if it doesn’t have a positive outlet, it can destroy your life. It is not another person that will make your life better; it is the qualities in them that you admire. Incorporate those attributes into your own life and you won’t miss a thing.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|My usual instruction to students when they are preparing to write their examinations is "think before you answer the questions". I am convinced that some multiple choice answers could be so close that you might not know the very one that answers the question correctly! Such is life. To choose your suitable dreams, you must think well!
Jennifer Sodini|Though life may not always go the way you please, remember to always see the forest through the trees.
Jennifer Sodini|Always let your heart shine bright, because this inner light will guide you home, even in the darkest night.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|My brain I'll prove the female to my soul; my soul the father: and these two beget a generation of still-breeding thoughts, and these same thoughts people this little world.
Meg Gherson|The first step in any Journey, Is the belief that the road will open up in front of you even if you cant see it....
Jennifer Sodini|What seeks you when you are not seeking, is the universe's way of speaking to you without speaking.
Robin Roberts|I’m grateful I had the strength to fight. It takes courage to believe the best is yet to come, especially when you are flat on your back and don’t know if you’re going to see tomorrow. I’m no Pollyanna, but I believe optimism is a choice — a muscle that gets stronger with use. Right foot, left foot…just keep moving.
Jennifer Sodini, The Unity Tree: A Whimsical Muse on Cosmic Consciousness|For it is through the darkness of the evening that we are able to see the stars. Without this darkness, we would never get to experience the beauty of the cosmos, or understand the little bits of light in life that shine through the void.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|Through positive thinking and related approaches, we seek the safety and solid ground of certainty, of knowing how the future will turn out, of a time in the future when we'll be ceaselessly happy and never have to fear negative emotions again. But in chasing all that, we close down the very faculties that permit the happiness we crave.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Just like your body naturally responds positively to some foods, your mind naturally responds positively to some thoughts.
M.P. Sharma, The Last True Blood|The absolute worst reason to do something is because everyone else is doing it – individuality is not a curse, its a boon, and don’t let anyone ever tell you otherwise.
Kendal Rob|When your bright future, becomes a dull regret of the past, take a deep breath and move on.
Stephen Reid Andrews, The Visions of David Palmer: Rising Phoenix|How can you be so nice to me and how can you forgive me when I’ve been such a jerk?”	Maddy appears to think for a moment. “When you are reading a book and you finish a chapter, you don’t keep re-reading the chapter you just finished. You move on to the next chapter to see what happens.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|Who says you need to wait until you 'feel like' doing something in order to start doing it? The problem, from this perspective, isn't that you don't feel motivated; it's that you imagine you need to feel motivated. If you can regard your thoughts and emotions about whatever you're procrastinating on as passing weather, you'll realise that your reluctance about working isn't something that needs to be eradicated or transformed into positivity. You can coexist with it. You can note the procrastinatory feelings and act anyway.
Shannon L. Alder|You can make heaven out of hell, or hell out of heaven. The choice is yours.
Joseph Campbell, Pathways to Bliss: Mythology and Personal Transformation|Revolution doesn't have to do with smashing something; it has to do with bringing something forth. If you spend all your time thinking about that which you are attacking, then you are negatively bound to it. You have to find the zeal in yourself and bring that out.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Trust me. If you do not decide where you are heading, and refuse to take the appropriate action, you will end up being shaped into what others would have you become. Then any change will not be made for your benefit but for theirs.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|People submit too easily to change from others. And yet, for some reason, whenever they consider changing themselves, the focus is always on what they are giving up, never what they are about to gain
Shannon L. Alder|They say instant communication is not communication at all but merely a frantic, trivial, nerve-wracking bombardment of clichés, threats, fads, fashions, gibberish and advertising. However, who has not hung on a scripture, a quote, a statement, only to stumble upon the key phrase that brought all things to a turning point? The greatest sermons and speeches were pieced together by illuminating thoughts that powered men to surpass their own commonness. It is the sparkling magic of letters forming words, and those words colliding with passion, that makes statements into wisdom.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Never Give Up, Just Follow Your Dreams....
Stephanie Lahart|Replace the word can’t with can. Know that you can, believe that you can, and know with ALL of your heart that you will. You will succeed in spite of any obstacles that may try to hinder you! There’s so much power in having a positive attitude, positive mindset, and positive outlook.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Others Are Smarter Than Me But Here's The Difference, I'm Wise....
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Everything you desire is always just outside your comfort zone, dear boy. If it wasn't you would already possess it, would you not?
Muhammad Imran Hasan|To Be Happy, You Must Know The Pass Code of Life. And Life Gives You Many Attempts To Unlock It....
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|At any given moment, you circumstances can change. You may not be where you want to be right now. You may not even be doing what you prefer to do. But, if you change your way of thinking and realize that you have all the opportunities available to you just like each one of us. You can begin to focus on what you want to achieve and make it happen.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|You truly help people with the things that you sell. Once you are aware of that vital piece of information every demonstration, every presentation, every transaction will be delivered with a light shining from your heart. From your heart will shine a beacon that tells all prospects you can truly help and that that is your sole purpose for being there.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Allowing yourself to be a conduit for opportunity requires a brand new outlook on life. Lady fortune cannot enter a locked door, you know. And contrary to that well known saying, she has rarely been known to knock
Lexxie Couper, Steady Beat|Levi smiled at her. "Your heart is aching now, I can see that. I know what it feels like. The only thing I can say to try and make it better is to use that pain. Take every feeling you have right now, pour it into your soul and then pour your soul into the song. Doesn't take the pain away, but it gives it purpose. Make sense?
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|The fact that you wish to become extremely successful must mean that you currently do not see yourself as such. Therefore, you need to change. The question you should be asking is what do you need to become?
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Success would be a fairly boring and uninspiring dish if anybody could create it with a single ingredient, however difficult that ingredient was to find. No, success has several layers to its pallet. This is just the beginning
Sanjeev Murukan|i never give up, i'l try and try when my goal reaches.
Meena Sarine|Life makes two promises, one, it promises to be good, and two, it promises to be bad. Cherish the good and be strong during the bad.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|There's Light At The End of Every Tunnel. So Keep Moving If You Get A Sign of HOPE. You Never Know, That Might Be The Last Chance You'll Get To See The Shiny Day. Never Give Up, Just Follow Your Dreams....
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Be Happy & Appreciate Every Little Thing You Have/Get Because When You Get The Big Thing, The Happiness Would Be Unbound....
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Art of Manifesting Abundance|To stop being resistant to your success coming together, just say Yes.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Before I can become an expert on anything, I must first become an expert on me.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Your mental make-ups are the contents of your everyday thinking; they carry a charge that can either transform, reform or destroy you. Watch your thoughts, they determine your life!
Patricia Buckley|Someone once asked me how I hold my head up so high after all I have been through. I said it's because no matter what, I am a survivor NOT a victim.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|When we worry about someone we send them a secret message – I don’t believe in you. When we worry about our life, we send ourselves a secret message – I don’t believe in me.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Eliminate blame, guilt, and worry from your diet and watch your health improve.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|I am chic, sleek, and so unique.
Tom Walsh, Just for Today, The Expanded Edition|Saying a prayer can be as simple as thinking positive thoughts about someone—it’s not an act that needs to be tied to any particular religion or system of beliefs. I can say a prayer just by saying “I wish you peace” after someone becomes angry with me for something trivial; I can say a prayer for the woman who is always cheerful (or gloomy) at the store where I shop by thinking “I wish you all the best in life—good health, good relationships, and all of your true needs fulfilled.” Of course, if you want to pray to God in the form in which you conceive of God, that’s fine, too—and your prayer will not be wasted. Think about it. Is the world a better place when you walk away from someone either forgetting them immediately or thinking negative thoughts about them? This world of ours can use all the positive thoughts we can contribute to it, and our simple and heartfelt prayers are some of the most positive thoughts we can create and share. And they affect us as much as, if not more than, they affect the objects of our prayers.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You cannot do anything unless you allow your passion to motivate you. People may tell you, "you can do it", "you can make it" "it's possible" but when you tell yourself always " I can't make it", it's your choice that rules everything!
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|...once you have resolved to embrace the ideology of positive thinking, you will find a way to interpret virtually any eventuality as a justification for thinking positively. You need never spend time considering how your actions might go wrong.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|Part of the problem with positive thinking, and many related approaches to happiness, is exactly this desire to reduce big questions to one-size-fits-all self-help tricks or ten point plans.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, How to Write High Quality Articles In Half the Time|A sense of accomplishment Ahh yes. There's just (Nothing like it) Today, KNOW You can make it happen like no other. It's the Truth. Lean into the direction of your dreams today. Everything is brewing for you, all that you want is on the brink of complete overflow. Get out of your own way and Allow the overflow to happen.
Daniel Willey|If we will imagine the thing we want and do our part to “be in the right place at the right time,” there isn’t anything we can’t do, be, or attain.
Jennifer DeLucy|In fact, if you're wondering if I expect miracles---the answer is yes. Even when they don't seem to happen, I keep believing in them. Even when I stop believing in them, I'll always start again. Because if you don't have hope, what's left? I believe. And maybe they'll happen in a way I never saw coming--they usually do. Or maybe I'll find the way to make them happen myself. But ether way--I expect miracles.
Tim Fargo|People tell you that you cannot, because they do not.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Like food is to the body, self-talk is to the mind. Don't let any junk thoughts repeat in your head.
Paul Ferrini|You see what you choose to see, because all perception is a choice.And when you cease to impose your meanings on what you see,your spiritual eyes will open, and you will see a world free of judgmentand shining in its endless beauty.
João Matos|Stop looking for that perfect person, look at the positive sides of who you know and you wil find unexpected perfection.
Millicent Ashby|If there's one thing I've learned, it is to never give up--no matter what your circumstances are. Giving up doesn't solve anything.
Widad Akreyi|If you are positive, you'll see opportunities instead of obstacles.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Even when you don't see old age coming, you can wave it goodbye
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Anxiety and depression, and the physical symptoms they cause, are merely distractions and smokescreens to “protect” you from dangers, which are usually, imaginary.
Kaiden Blake|Your intuition is the pilot's seat of your soul. If you don't trust it, you'll keep missing the most important of destinations in life.
Terry Pratchett, The Carpet People|Positive thinking,' he would say, 'is also very important.
Israelmore Ayivor|Never abbreviate your dreams. Only short-hand people always do that. Their punishment is that they can't stretch far, further and forward into the future. Dream only big dreams!
Christine Upton|If I were to measure my successes by the mistakes that I have made & only focus on the lessons that were learned along the way, then that in itself overall, would be a positive step in the right direction.
Orison Swett Marden, How to Get What You Want|The great trouble with all of us who are struggling with unhappy or unfortunate conditions is that we have separated ourselves in some way from the great magnetic center of creation. We are not thinking right, and so we are not attracting the right things. “Think the things you want.” The profoundest philosophy is locked up in these few words. Think of them clearly, persistently, concentrating upon them with all the force and might of your mind, and struggle toward them with all your energy. This is the way to make yourself a magnet for the things you want. But the moment you begin to doubt, to worry, to fear, you demagnetize yourself, and the things you desire flee from you. You drive them away by your mental attitude. They cannot come near you while you are deliberately separating yourself from them. You are going in one direction, and the things you want are going in the opposite direction.
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|I don't mind being around those who need help and want to be helped, but I don't like to be around those who are unhappy and negative all of time,because they drain you down.
Red Tash, Troll Or Derby|I envisioned him tied in a chair, an iron arrow pointed at his brow. Ah, the power of positive thinking.
Goodmorning Gorgeous|Go be who you were meant to be, explore your mind, understand you are free.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Single" means you are brave enough to face the glorious unknown of the unaccompanied journey.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Sometimes a "mistake" can end up being the best decision you ever make.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|She hasn’t got it all figured out...far from it, in fact.But she loves God and she loves to dance…and she’s her own “Better Half.”The bravest woman I know?She is the reason I do what I do.She is The Single Woman.She’s me…and she’s you.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|The way you treat people who are in no position to help you, further you, or benefit you reveals the true state of your heart.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If you’re still waiting for it, it mean you’re not yet ready for it…whatever “it” is…so stop looking at waiting as a punishment and start looking at it as preparation!
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|In the midst of our struggle to find out who we are, there are infinite possibilities for beauty, and hope, and wonder, and love.
Tanya Masse|AWESOME things come to those who focus on the positive, recognize the blessings, find the humor and never give up!
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America|What would it mean in practice to eliminate all the 'negative people' from one's life? It might be a good move to separate from a chronically carping spouse, but it is not so easy to abandon the whiny toddler, the colicky infant, or the sullen teenager. And at the workplace, while it's probably advisable to detect and terminate those who show signs of becoming mass killers, there are other annoying people who might actually have something useful to say: the financial officer who keeps worrying about the bank's subprime mortgage exposure or the auto executive who questions the company's overinvestment in SUVs and trucks. Purge everyone who 'brings you down,' and you risk being very lonely, or, what is worse, cut off from reality.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Change starts with YOU. When you step up, you invite others to step up, too.
Gloria Tesch|The secret to a happy life is your attitude. If you think positively, positive things will happen. If you think negatively... well where is the happiness?
R.v.m.|Some will make you Dance, some will make you Smile, and some will make your misery longer than a mile! Pleasure or Pain, the Choice is thine.
Mark W. Boyer|In order for someone to be 100% content, they must first believe it to be so.
Nino Gruettke, BOTH of You: Behavior. Opinion. Thinking. Happiness - The more rational we are, the more emotional we can be.|The more rational we are, the more emotional we can be.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|You can love them, forgive them, want good things for them…but still move on without them.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|It is necessary, and even vital, to set standards for your life and the people you allow in it.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you CHOSE your life, you didn’t SETTLE for it.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|It's a lot harder to get someone OUT of your life than it is to let them IN, so please…be selective.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If a man WANTS to be with you, he will make his actions clear. There won’t be any questions, murkiness, cloudiness, or fear.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If God closes a door AND a window, consider the fact that it might be time to build a whole new house.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If something on the inside is telling you that someone isn’t right for you, they’re NOT right for you, no matter how great they might look on paper. When it’s right for you, you will know. And when it’s not – it’s time to go.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Keep your head up, your faith strong, and your eyes open for the little miracles all around you…because they are there, just waiting to be discovered.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|The wonderful, beautiful thing that happens when you rid yourself of the things that don’t see your worth? You make space in your life for all the glorious things you deserve.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Your message, your ministry, your influence is built from your flaws. People relate to HUMANITY...not perfection.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|When God requires us to surrender one dream, it’s because He wants to hand us a bigger and better one.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Sit your affections, your heart and your precious time out on the doorstep without so much as making him ring the doorbell first, and he’ll treat you like a doormat. Make him work a little to get next to you, and he won’t stop til you’re his.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|That’s the thing about fear. It can only hang around until faith enters the room, then it’s forced to flee.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|To get over the past, you first have to accept that the past is over. No matter how many times you revisit it, analyze it, regret it, or sweat it…it’s over. It can hurt you no more.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|When you are your own best friend, you don’t endlessly seek out relationships, friendships, and validation from the wrong sources because you realize that the only approval and validation you need is your own.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|No matter how much you stress or obsess about the past or future, you can't change either one. In the present is where your power lies.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|There is no model, no actress, no Miss America contender that can outshine a happy, confident, secure woman.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|She has to have four arms, four legs, four eyes, two hearts, and double the love. There is nothing “single” about a single mom.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Figure out what makes you laugh, and do more of it. Figure out what makes you cry, and do less of it.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Think about it this way: While being married is about becoming the WIFE you are meant to be, being single allows you to focus on becoming the WOMAN you were born to be.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|You’ve gotta love yourself enough to look INSIDE you & not BESIDE you for your joy, confidence, & self worth.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If you’ve been there, done that, gotten the t-shirt, isn’t it time to move on to a new destination? Don’t waste a lot of time stressing the “could have’s” – because if it should have, it would have!
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|You’re beautiful, just the way you are. Shine on. And dare anyone to turn off the lights.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If you want your life to be a five-star reality, you have to stop settling for a fast food mentality!
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Here's a glorious thought: You don't have to settle. Ever. In life, in love, in your career…ANYWHERE!
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Single is a choice, just like Married is.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|When you live in the present, the past is forgotten & the future takes care of itself.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Don't be afraid to be who you are, no matter who that person might be.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|A positive attitude turns "I can't & I won't," into "I have & I WILL!
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|So many people are so terrified to be alone that they settle for a loveless relationship or stay trapped in a miserable one for months and even years on end. But as it turns out, alone means unique, unequaled, and unexcelled. Or in other words: Unparalleled. Unrepeatable. Unable to be imitated or duplicated. Brave. FABULOUSLY ORIGINAL.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Happiness begins with you. Not with your relationship, your friends, or your job. but with you.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Single ladies, we are not Damsels in Distress…we are Divas that Impress!
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Happily Single is permission to CHOOSE your life rather than having it handed to you, and it’s living life on your own terms instead of those that are expected of you.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Happy is still Happy, with or without the Ever After.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Single ladies, the only thing we need to be rescued from is the notion that we need to be rescued.
Mandy Hale, I've Never Been to Vegas, but My Luggage Has: Mishaps and Miracles on the Road to Happily Ever After|Love is a beautiful, wonderful, and even sacred thing, but until it arrives, shouldn’t we give ourselves permission to thrive?
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|Oftentimes, especially during my recovery, I didn’t need to think about everything I was doing wrong; instead, I needed to focus more on what I was doing right—and then do more of the right stuff. I needed to live more in the solution.
Gary   Hopkins|When you have experienced the depth of your inner self, the idea of enlightenment is no longer a goal to strive towards, but rather an attitude to maintain.
SupaNova Slom|Don't let sickness, depression, and disease THUG YOU OUT. Eat healthier, think healthier, speak healthier, and more positively over your life. When you do so, you will soon begin to conquer your life and your health through new found empowerment- mind, body, and spirit.
Erik Tomblin|Things will happen that you can’t prevent, things will fall apart that you can’t hold together, but ultimately you’re shaping yourself and that final product speaks volumes about who you really are, not what people see you as or what you want to be.
Larry Dossey, Reinventing Medicine: Beyond Mind-Body to a New Era of Healing|Eventually it became clear that our emotions, attitudes, and thoughts profoundly affect our bodies, sometimes to the degree of life or death. Soon mind-body effects were recognized to have positive as well as negative impacts on the body. This realization came largely from research on the placebo effect—the beneficial results of suggestion, expectation, and positive thinking.
Millicent Ashby|I keep going;I keep writing because I know something good will happen, and I want to see it when it happens.
Israelmore Ayivor|Be positive in your thoughts, passionate in your words and purposeful in your actions. Clean thoughts, Cool words and Clear actions are the impressions that appeal to success.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|In the past, I was a perpetual victim; how I was doing in any given moment depended on what happened to me. Today I do my best to avoid this kind of ‘victim thinking.’ Instead, how I am doing is determined by how I respond to what happens to me.
Donna Fargo|Decide that life is good and you are special. Decide to enjoy today. Decide that you will live life to the fullest now, no matter what. Trust that you will change what needs changing, but also decide that you're not going to put off enjoying life just because you don't have everything you want now. Steadfastly refuse to let anything steal your joy. Choose to be happy...and you will be.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|With Ed, I always pushed away the good and only heard the bad. Today, I let in the good.
Eric Haney, Inside Delta Force|The author, then in the final stage as a candidate for Delta Force, was asked by the unit's foreboding colonel what he thought of the evaluation's Stress Week. He responded that he was waiting for it to begin, reasoning that, used to responsibility for others while leading a platoon, he only had himself to worry about. However hard the trial, he got four meals a day, nobody shot at, him, and the weather was pleasant.
Sumner Davenport|Positive thinking by itself does not work. Your embodied vision, partnered with vibrant and energetic thinking, and balanced with active listening, followed with intentional action - will clear the path for your miracles.
Fela Durotoye|A year from today, it will be Good if your life is positively different, but GREAT if your life has made a positive difference on others
William Arthur Ward|We can throw stones, complain about them, stumble on them, climb over them, or build with them.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|When you arise in the moring, think of what a precious privelege it is to be alive-- to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Veterans of the Psychic Wars|To try is to invite uncertainty. Where confidence goes, success usually follows.
Roopleen|Extra miles, extensive preparation and exhaustive efforts usually show astonishing results.
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|If you have confidence, if you believe in yourself, you can go anywhere.
Ellen DeGeneres, The Funny Thing Is...|Start thinking positively. You will notice a difference. Instead of "I think I'm a loser," try "I definitely am a loser." Stop being wishy-washy about things! How much more of a loser can you be if you don't even know you are one? Either you are a loser or you are not. Which is it, stupid?
Tae Yun Kim, The First Element: Secrets to Maximizing Your Energy|Violet is the most soothing, tranquilizing and cooling color vibration. It encourages the healing of unbalanced mental conditions in people who are overly nervous or high-strung. Foods of the violet vibration are: purple broccoli, beetroot and purple grapes.
Odille Rault|When you change what you believe, you change what you do... which changes what you get.
Roopleen|To be able to live each day with honor, respect and dignity is the greatest achievement of all.
Roopleen|There is nothing in this world that you cannot do. Every goal is achievable. You just need to focus on your objectives, be persistent in your efforts and work hard to make it happen. There can be no hurdle uncrossable, no obstacle invincible and no stumbling block insurmountable.
Joe  Peterson, Help Me Live... As I Die, Cancer vs. the Power of Love|Stay positive, all other choices are pointless punishments to your psyche.
Lionel Suggs|Positivity is like harmonics and patterns. Create positivity in your life, and allow it to interfere with more positivity. Allow that positivity to vibrate alongside more paths. The end result, is a beautiful day. However, why stop there? There is a reason that positivity parallels harmonics and patterns, so keep it going towards dream's end. If you feel like there isn't enough positivity in your life to get your day started, don't worry, I have plenty, so you can take some of mine. Infinity minus 1 is still infinity, so take some positivity from me, bathe in it, sing with it, and know that today, there is success within your value -- for you were able to wake up and treasure another day.
Guy Harduf|Positive thinking is great, if you'll take action.
Carl Henegan|Remain assiduously stubborn with your positive thinking, sooner or later the world around you will give up and let you have your way
Sakshi Chetana, Laughing Buddha|The statue of the Laughing Buddha act as a good friend. Whenever we are off the track, his smiling face can bring us back to the present moment, to a positive mood.
Jennifer O'Neill, Soul DNA: Your Spiritual Genetic Code Defines Your Purpose|When you are relaxed about where you are at in life, things tend to flow more fluidly. It is as if you poke three holes in a bucket of water. The same amount of water is going to flow out the holes whether you let it flow or you shake the bucket. The difference is the amount of turmoil on the inside of the bucket!
Suzanne Elizabeth Anderson, God Loves You. -Chester Blue|I know that when things are at their worst, something better is just around the corner if we just put one foot in front of the other and keep moving forward.
Suzanne Elizabeth Anderson, God Loves You. -Chester Blue|And I know, when things look the worst is when something new and wonderful is about to happen, if we can just hold on.
Jamie Anne Richardson|Once I ran out of excuses, I reclaimed my life. Now, I don't need excuses.
Orrin Woodward|If you fill your head with positive thoughts, there won't be any room left for negative ones.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|Hope abides; therefore I abide.Countless frustrations have not cowed me.I am still alive, vibrant with life.The black cloud will disappear,The morning sun will appear once againIn all its supernal glory.
Harry Papas|Enjoy losing weight. Enjoy eating healthy, delicious food. Do not wait until you reach your destination to feel good. Take as much happiness and joy as you can from your weight loss journey.
Sheri Kaye Hoff|I began to realize how important it is to be able to know your gifts and dreams, to live in the moment, to work less hard and to let things flow. I embraced the fact that worry never is a good thing. I learned that I could control my thoughts, which then affects my feelings and the quality of my life.
Britt Skrabanek|No matter what is happening in the world, I continue to believe in humanity. The power of positive thinking is always enough.
Jemima Pett|Trying is something we do when we think we can’t do something. Even if your doing is not as perfect as you would like, decide to do it, and you will. -- Lady Nimrod of Buckmore in The Princelings and the Lost City
Ayn Rand|Love is blind, they say; sex is impervious to reason and mocks the power of all philosophers. But, in fact, a person's sexual choice is the result and sum of their fundamental convictions. Tell me what a person finds sexually attractive and I will tell you their entire philosophy of life. Show me the person they sleep with and I will tell you their valuation of themselves. No matter what corruption they're taught about the virtue of selflessness, sex is the most profoundly selfish of all acts, an act which they cannot perform for any motive but their own enjoyment - just try to think of performing it in a spirit of selfless charity! - an act which is not possible in self-abasement, only in self-exultation, only on the confidence of being desired and being worthy of desire. It is an act that forces them to stand naked in spirit, as well as in body, and accept their real ego as their standard of value. They will always be attracted to the person who reflects their deepest vision of themselves, the person whose surrender permits them to experience - or to fake - a sense of self-esteem .. Love is our response to our highest values - and can be nothing else.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|Boys and girls in America have such a sad time together; sophistication demands that they submit to sex immediately without proper preliminary talk. Not courting talk — real straight talk about souls, for life is holy and every moment is precious.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Flirting is a woman’s trade, one must keep in practice.
Woody Allen|Love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
George Bernard Shaw|Why should we take advice on sex from the pope? If he knows anything about it, he shouldn't!
Barbara Bush|Clinton lied. A man might forget where he parks or where he lives, but he never forgets oral sex, no matter how bad it is.
Joan Rivers|A man can sleep around, no questions asked, but if a woman makes nineteen or twenty mistakes she's a tramp.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|My first time I jacked off, I thought I'd invented it. I looked down at my sloppy handful of junk and thought, This is going to make me rich.
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|I respect you," he murmured. "and your views. I think of you as an equal. I respect your brains, and all those big words you like to use. But I also want to rip your clothes off and have sex with you until you scream and cry and see God." -Jack Travis (Smooth Talking Stranger)
Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant|He'd noticed that sex bore some resemblance to cookery: it fascinated people, they sometimes bought books full of complicated recipes and interesting pictures, and sometimes when they were really hungry they created vast banquets in their imagination - but at the end of the day they'd settle quite happily for egg and chips. If it was well done and maybe had a slice of tomato.
Stephanie Kuehnert, Ballads of Suburbia|I automatically assume people won't like me, so I don't talk to them unless they approach me first. I can't become a part of a crowd because I can't get past that feeling that I don't belong.
Leonardo da Vinci|The function of muscle is to pull and not to push, except in the case of the genitals and the tongue.
Craig Ferguson|If a man doesn't know how to dance he doesn't know how to make love, there I said it!
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|To have her here in bed with me, breathing on me, her hair in my mouth—I count that something of a miracle.
Henry Miller, A Literate Passion: Letters of Anaïs Nin  Henry Miller, 1932-1953|I want to undress you, vulgarize you a bit.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|I want you to spend the night,” you said. And it was definitely your phrasing that ensured it. If you had said, “Let’s have sex,” or “Let’s go to my place,” or even “I really want you,” I’m not sure we would have gone quite as far as we did. But I loved the notion that the night was mine to spend, and I immediately decided to spend it with you.
Samantha Young, On Dublin Street|Gentlemen are gentlemen in bed. They make sure you're having a good time.""I'll make sure you're having a good time, and that you're okay with everything. I just won't be well mannered about it.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|No matter how long or how difficult, we will undo whatever that Moroi boy has done to
Richard Pryor|You can't talk about fucking in America, people say you're dirty. But if you talk about killing somebody, that's cool.
Alan Moore, 25,000 Years of Erotic Freedom|Sexually progressive cultures gave us literature, philosophy, civilization and the rest, while sexually restrictive cultures gave us the Dark Ages and the Holocaust.
Carl Sagan, Shadows Of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search For Who We Are|Fireflies out on a warm summer's night, seeing the urgent, flashing, yellow-white phosphorescence below them, go crazy with desire; moths cast to the winds an enchantment potion that draws the opposite sex, wings beating hurriedly, from kilometers away; peacocks display a devastating corona of blue and green and the peahens are all aflutter; competing pollen grains extrude tiny tubes that race each other down the female flower's orifice to the waiting egg below; luminescent squid present rhapsodic light shows, altering the pattern, brightness and color radiated from their heads, tentacles, and eyeballs; a tapeworm diligently lays a hundred thousand fertilized eggs in a single day; a great whale rumbles through the ocean depths uttering plaintive cries that are understood hundreds of thousands of kilometers away, where another lonely behemoth is attentively listening; bacteria sidle up to one another and merge; cicadas chorus in a collective serenade of love; honeybee couples soar on matrimonial flights from which only one partner returns; male fish spray their spunk over a slimy clutch of eggs laid by God-knows-who; dogs, out cruising, sniff each other's nether parts, seeking erotic stimuli; flowers exude sultry perfumes and decorate their petals with garish ultraviolet advertisements for passing insects, birds, and bats; and men and women sing, dance, dress, adorn, paint, posture, self-mutilate, demand, coerce, dissemble, plead, succumb, and risk their lives. To say that love makes the world go around is to go too far. The Earth spins because it did so as it was formed and there has been nothing to stop it since. But the nearly maniacal devotion to sex and love by most of the plants, animals, and microbes with which we are familiar is a pervasive and striking aspect of life on Earth. It cries out for explanation. What is all this in aid of? What is the torrent of passion and obsession about? Why will organisms go without sleep, without food, gladly put themselves in mortal danger for sex? ... For more than half the history of life on Earth organisms seem to have done perfectly well without it. What good is sex?... Through 4 billion years of natural selection, instructions have been honed and fine-tuned...sequences of As, Cs, Gs, and Ts, manuals written out in the alphabet of life in competition with other similar manuals published by other firms. The organisms become the means through which the instructions flow and copy themselves, by which new instructions are tried out, on which selection operates. 'The hen,' said Samuel Butler, 'is the egg's way of making another egg.' It is on this level that we must understand what sex is for. ... The sockeye salmon exhaust themselves swimming up the mighty Columbia River to spawn, heroically hurdling cataracts, in a single-minded effort that works to propagate their DNA sequences into future generation. The moment their work is done, they fall to pieces. Scales flake off, fins drop, and soon--often within hours of spawning--they are dead and becoming distinctly aromatic. They've served their purpose. Nature is unsentimental. Death is built in.
Jennifer Estep, Spider's Bite|You're just jealous.""Hardly. Been there, done you. Adequate, but unremarkable.
Karen Marie Moning, Iced|I like sex for breakfast, kid. I eat early and often.
Nalini Singh, Angels' Blood|The bastard kissed her. She was so mad, she bit him hard enough to draw blood. Raphael pulled back, lip already beginning to swell. “We are no longer even, Elena. You’re now in debt.”“You can deduct it from my slow and painful death.
John Green, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|Lady and gentleman, when my parents left Korea with nothing but the clothes on their backs and the considerable wealth they had amassed in the shipping business, they had a dream. They had a dream that one day amid the snowy hilltops of western North Carolina, their son would lose his virginity to a cheerleader in the woman's bathroom of a Waffle House just off the interstate. My parents have sacrificed so much for this dream! And that is why we must journey on, despite all trials and tribulations! Not for me and least of all for the poor cheerleader in question, but for my parents and indeed for all immigrants who came to his great nation in what they themselves could never have: CHEERLEADER SEX.
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises|You're an expatriate. You've lost touch with the soil. You get precious. Fake European standards have ruined you. You drink yourself to death. You become obsessed with sex. You spend all your time talking, not working. You are an expatriate, see? You hang around cafes.
Henry Miller|What holds the world together, as I have learned from bitter experience, is sexual intercourse.
Jeaniene Frost, First Drop of Crimson|A vibrator can last all night, too, vampire! - Denise
Gemma Hatchback|If a man is highly sexed he's virile. If a woman is, she's a nymphomaniac. With them it's power but with us it's a disease! Even the act of sex is called penetration! Why don't they call it enclosure?
Nenia Campbell, Horrorscape|The villains were always ugly in books and movies. Necessarily so, it seemed. Because if they were attractive—if their looks matched their charm and their cunning—they wouldn't only be dang
Woody Allen|Sex between a man and a woman can be wonderful, provided you can get between the right man and the right woman.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|I can draw you a diagram. Hint: I'm slot B, and you're tab A.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Origin|What kind of motel sells condoms?" "My favorite kind of motel?
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|I was just thinking if the sex with you is one-tenth as fun as arguing with you. I'll be one happy bastard.""You'll never find out. You--------" He kissed me. ~ Jack Travis & Ella Varner
Woody Allen|I'd call him a sadistic, hippophilic necrophile, but that would be beating a dead horse.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|So you've just slept with him, given him your virginity, a man who doesn't love you. In fact, he has odd ideas about you, wants to make you some sort of kinky sex slave.
Sylvia Day, Reflected in You|What is it with you, sex, and modes of transportation?
Emily Maguire, Taming the Beast|That's what Jamie didn't understand: it was never just sex. Even the fastest, dirtiest, most impersonal screw was about more than sex. It was about connection. It was about looking at another human being and seeing your own loneliness and neediness reflected back. It was recognising that together you had the power to temporarily banish that sense of isolation. It was about experiencing what it was to be human at the basest, most instinctive level. How could that be described as just anything?
Nalini Singh, Angels' Blood|There was a very slight chance she might actually kill him that way, and if she did, she’d be brought up on charges. Unless, of course, she could prove harmful intent. She could see it now.See, Your Honor, he was going to f*ck me silly, make me like it.
Garrison Keillor|A girl in a bikini is like having a loaded gun on your coffee table- There's nothing wrong with them, but it's hard to stop thinking about.
Clark Zlotchew|Fiction has been maligned for centuries as being "false," "untrue," yet good fiction provides more truth about the world, about life, and even about the reader, than can be found in non-fiction.
Alejandra Pizarnik|Because no one has more thirst for earth, for blood, and for ferocious sexuality than the creatures who inhabit cold mirrors
Marquis de Sade, The 120 Days of Sodom and Other Writings|Sexual pleasure is, I agree, a passion to which all others are subordinate but in which they all unite.
Charles Bukowski, Women|Strangers when you meet, strangers when you part -a gymnasium of bodies namelessly masturbating each other. People with no morals often considered themselves more free, but mostly they lacked the ability to feel or to love. So they became swingers. The dead fucking the dead. There was no gamble or humor in their game -it was corpse fucking corpse. Morals were restrictive, but they were grounded on human experience down through the centuries. Some morals tended to keep people slaves in factories, in churches and true to the State. Other morals simply made good sense. It was like a garden filled with poisoned fruit and good fruit. You had to know which to pick and eat, which to leave alone.
Allan Sherman|Anyone who calls it "sexual intercourse" can't possibly be interested in actually doing it. You might as well announce you're ready for lunch by proclaiming, "I'd like to do some masticating and enzyme secreting.
Bret Easton Ellis, The Rules of Attraction|And it struck me then, that I liked Sean because he looked, well, slutty. A boy who had been around. A boy who couldn't remember if he was Catholic or not.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|You know how it is - some hot guys don't make your hormones go crazy, while some unattractive guys have massive sex appeal. This guy had it all.
Matt Groening, Childhood Is Hell|Where do babies come from? Don't bother asking adults. They lie like pigs. However, diligent independent research and hours of playground consultation have yielded fruitful, if tentative, results. There are several theories. Near as we can figure out, it has something to do with acting ridiculous in the dark. We believe it is similar to dogs when they act peculiar and ride each other. This is called "making love". Careful study of popular song lyrics, advertising catch-lines, TV sitcoms, movies, and T-Shirt inscriptions offers us significant clues as to its nature. Apparently it makes grown-ups insipid and insane. Some graffiti was once observed that said "sex is good". All available evidence, however, points to the contrary.
Fiona Zedde, Bliss|The first time someone else touched me with the intent to pleasure, I fell in love. Not with that person, but with the act itself. Such intimacy and accord. Even with the awkwardness of first time lovers there was a grace and purity, carnal and beautiful that I knew from that moment on I could never live without.
Mark Twain|Man has imagined a heaven, and has left entirely out of it the supremest of all his delights...sexual intercourse!...His heaven is like himself: strange, interesting, astonishing, grotesque. I give you my word, it has not a single feature in it that he actually values.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|I wasn't in love with her. And she didn't love me. For me the question of love was irrelevant. What I sought was the sense of being tossed about by some raging, savage force, in the midst of which lay something absolutely crucial. I had no idea what that was. But I wanted to thrust my hand right inside her body and touch it, whatever it was.
Laura Sessions Stepp, Unhooked: How Young Women Pursue Sex, Delay Love, and Lose at Both|Sex isn't good unless it means something. It doesn't necessarily need to mean "love" and it doesn't necessarily need to happen in a relationship, but it does need to mean intimacy and connection...There exists a very fine line between being sexually liberated and being sexually used.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|It was my uncle who taught me about the birds and the bees. He sat me down one day and said, 'Remember this, George, the birds fuck the bees.' Then he told me he once banged a girl so hard her freckles came off.
Sonya Sones, One of Those Hideous Books Where the Mother Dies|I know this sounds incredibly lame,but I don't want losing my virginityto feel like I'm losing something. I want it to feel like I'm finding something. I want sex to be amazing.I want it to be life-alteringly wonderful.And I want it to happen with someone I love.
Marquis de Sade, Philosophy in the Boudoir|What does one want when one is engaged in the sexual act? That everything around you give you its utter attention, think only of you, care only for you...every man wants to be a tyrant when he fornicates.
Anne Lamott, Crooked Little Heart|I've given guys blow jobs just because I've run out of things to talk about.'Oh, Rae. Who hasn't
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|She is mine, and I am hers.
Selena Kitt, A Baumgartner Reunion|She tasted sweet, like oranges, liquid sunshine in my mouth as we kissed, our tongues playing together.
Neil Gaiman, Brief Lives|Touched by her fingers, the two surviving chocolate people copulate desperately, losing themselves in a melting frenzy of lust, spending the last of their brief borrowed lives in a spasm of raspberry cream and fear.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Well, in that hit you miss. She'll not be hitWith Cupid's arrow. She hath Dian's wit,And, in strong proff of chastity well armed,From Love's weak childish bow she lives uncharmed. She will not stay the siege of loving terms,Nor bide th' encounter of assailing eyes,Nor ope her lap to saint-seducing gold.O, she is rich in beauty; only poorThat, when she dies, with dies her store.Act 1,Scene 1, lines 180-197
Garrison Keillor|Sex is good, but not as good as fresh sweet corn.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|My mom says, "Do you know what the AIDS memorial quilt is all about?"Jump to how much I hate my brother at this moment.I bought this fabric because I thought it would make a nice panel for Shane," Mom says. "We just ran into some problems with what to sew on it."Give me amnesia.Flash.Give me new parents.Flash.Your mother didn't want to step on any toes," Dad says. He twists a drumstick off and starts scraping the meat onto a plate. "With gay stuff you have to be so careful since everything means something in secret code. I mean, we didn't want to give people the wrong idea."My Mom leans over to scoop yams onto my plate, and says, "Your father wanted a black border, but black on a field of blue would mean Shane was excited by leather sex, you know, bondage and discipline, sado and masochism." She says, "Really, those panels are to help the people left behind."Strangers are going to see us and see Shane's name," my dad says. "We didn't want them thinking things."The dishes all start their slow clockwise march around the table. The stuffing. The olives. The cranberry sauce. "I wanted pink triangles but all the panels have pink triangles," my mom says. "It's the Nazi symbol for homosexuals." She says,"Your father suggested black triangles, but that would mean Shane was a lesbian. It looks like female pubic hair. The black triangle does."My father says, "Then I wanted a green border, but it turns out that would mean Shane was a male prostitute."My mom says, "We almost chose a red border, but that would mean fisting. Brown would mean either scat or rimming, we couldn't figure which."Yellow," my father says, "means watersports."A lighter shade of blue," Mom says, "would mean just regular oral sex."Regular white," my father says, "would mean anal. White could also mean Shane was excited by men wearing underwear." He says, "I can't remember which."My mother passes me the quilted chicken with the rolls still warm inside.We're supposed to sit and eat with Shane dead all over the table in front of us.Finally we just gave up," my mom says, "and I made a nice tablecloth out of the material."Between the yams and the stuffing, Dad looks down at his plate and says, "Do you know about rimming?"I know it isn't table talk.And fisting?" my mom asks.I say, I know. I don't mention Manus and his vocational porno magazines.We sit there, all of us around a blue shroud with the turkey more like a big dead baked animal than ever, the stuffing chock full of organs you can still recognize, the heart and gizzard and liver, the gravy thick with cooked fat and blood. The flower centerpiece could be a casket spray.Would you pass the butter, please?" my mother says. To my father she says, "Do you know what felching is?
Ben Neihart, Burning Girl|God, I love you so much I won't ever try to have sex again.
Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus|I had a feeling that Pandora's box contained the mysteries of woman's sensuality, so different from a man's and for which man's language was so inadequate. The language of sex had yet to be invented. The language of the senses was yet to be explored.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|She was darkness and he was darkness and there had never been anything before this time, only darkness and his lips upon her. She tried to speak and his mouth was over hers again. Suddenly she had a wild thrill such as she had never known; joy, fear, madness, excitement, surrender to arms that were too strong, lips too bruising, fate that moved too fast.
Philip Roth, The Dying Animal|These girls with old gents don't do it despite the age—they're drawn to the age, they do it for the age. Why? In Consuela's case, because the vast difference in age gives her permission to submit, I think. My age and mystatus give her, rationally, the license to surrender, and surrendering in bed is a not unpleasant sensation. But simultaneously, to give yourself over intimately to a much, much older man provides this sort of younger woman with authority of a kind she cannot get in a sexual arrangement with a younger man. She gets both the pleasures of submission and the pleasures of mastery.
James     Baldwin, No Name in the Street|Nakedness has no color: this can come as news only to those who have never covered, or been covered by, another naked human being.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|She tried to tear herself away from him. The effort broke against his arms that had not felt it. Her fists beat against his shoulders, against his face. He moved one had, took her two wrists, pinned them behind her, under his arm, wrenching her shoulder blades. She twisted her head back. She felt his lips on her breast. She tore herself free…She fought like an animal. But she made no sound. She did not call for help. She heard the echoes of her blows in a gasp of his breath, and she knew that it was a gasp of pleasure…She felt the hatred and his hands; his hands moving over her body, the hands that broke granite. She fought the last convulsion. Then the sudden pain shot up, through her body, to her throat, and she screamed. Then she laid still. It was an act that could be performed in tenderness, as a seal of love, or in contempt, as a symbol of humiliation and conquest. It could be an act of a lover or the act of a soldier violating an enemy woman. He did it as an act of scorn. Not as love, but as defilement. And this made her still and submit…the act of a master taking shameful , contemptuous possession of her was the kind of rapture she had wanted…
Terry Pratchett|I staggered into a Manchester bar late one night on a tour and the waitress said "You look as if you need a Screaming Orgasm". At the time this was the last thing on my mind...
Paul Neilan, Apathy and Other Small Victories|It was nice of her to want to believe the best about me. People tend to do that with the strangers they're fucking. If she wanted to think that apathy and independence were the same thing, good for her. Maybe she was right.
Alexandra Katehakis, Erotic Intelligence: Igniting Hot, Healthy Sex While in Recovery from Sex Addiction|When you are secure in yourself, know what turns you on, and enjoy watching your partner watch you experience sexual pleasure, you have a highly novel relationship grounded in love. The experience of seeing and being seen fuels lust and desire. This is exactly the way you integrate healthy lust and love into your sex life. It’s relational sex, not the old pornographic sex of past addictions.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|This is the sixty-nine," I told him, presenting the magazine in front of him. I put my fingers -- two of them -- on the action, so that he would not overlook it. "Why is it dubbed sixty-nine?" he asked, because he is a person hot on fire with curiosity. "It was invented in 1969. My friend Gregory knows a friend of the nephew of the inventor." "What did people do before 1969?" "Merely blowjobs and masticating box, but never in chorus.
Mehek Bassi|There’s a huge difference in sex and making love. We have sex with someone who can satisfy us physically, but we make love to someone who can satisfy us soulfully and eternally. Once you realize the fine-line between making love and having sex, you will understand the meaning of life! Life isn’t only about survival, it’s about living and so is making love. We have sex to satisfy our lust and hunger, which is nothing, but survival, but we make love to feed our soul and our mind, to fill a void that is there since a long time, that longs for a partner and that needs someone whom we want to spend the next morning with!When you have sex just for physical pleasure, you are ashamed and guilty at one point of life or another, but when you make love to someone who means everything to you, you are always proud of it. Never in life, not even a single time, you regret that time and the moments spent with that person. You will always rejoice it and remember it with equal passion and joy.
Karen Marie Moning, The Alpha Alternative: JZB Sex Scene|Sex either blows your fucking mind, or it’s not good enough.
Lorelei James, Saddled and Spurred|I plan to use my hands, my mouth, and my cock to fuck that basic vanilla sex right outta you.
C. JoyBell C.|The playboy is not necessarily a man who has many girlfriends, or a man who has many women, or a man who has slept with many women. That is old. But there is a new breed of the playboy and he is the man who remains single in attempts to make every woman feel as if he belongs to her, he remains a virgin in order to make every woman feel like she will be the first one, and in the end he may choose a very unattractive woman to adorn his side, so that in all circumstances, he will shine as the more beautiful one. This is the new breed of playboy. And it is a very evil one.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|A perverse nature can be stimulated by anything. Any book can be used as a pornographic instrument, even a great work of literature if the mind that so uses it is off-balance. I once found a small boy masturbating in the presence of the Victorian steel-engraving in a family Bible.
Catherine Coulter, Tail Spin|You know, a cell phone's like a guy; if you don't plug him in every night, charge him good, you got nothing at all.
Robert A. Heinlein, Friday|I don't see why human people make such a heavy trip out of sex. It isn't anything complex, it is simply the best thing in life, even better than food.
John Green|But there was so much todo: cigarettes to smoke, sex to have, swings to swing on. I'll have more time for reading when I'm old and boring.
Anatole France|Of all sexual aberrations, chastity is the strangest.
Philip Larkin|Sex means nothing--just the moment of ecstasy, that flares and dies in minutes.
Sylvia Day, Reflected in You|You and me, baby girl, we're too jaded. We just want mind-blowing sex with someone who knows we're fucked up and accepts it.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|But all I could see was her. No skill of mine, no artist anywhere, could’ve immortalized how gorgeous she was. It was impossible to believe she’d ever had any doubts about her body. The firelight shone on her skin, golden and perfect, making her look like some radiant goddess of legend. I wanted to kneel before her and offer eternal obedience.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|Alone-sex didn't count. It's like the difference between thinking to yourself or having a good conversation with someone----the pleasure is in the exchange." -Liberty Jones
Charles Bukowski|It's all overrated, man. Sex is only a great thing if you're not getting any.
Katy Evans, Real|I feel claimed and bonded to him like animals do. I feel like I've already been caught and trapped and he's merely priming me, leaving me to simmer in my juices, anxiously waiting for the moment when he takes his first bite of me.
J.D. Robb, Conspiracy in Death|Eve: "Keep your mind off sex"Roake: "Why? It's so happy there.
Aleister Crowley, Moonchild|It is a terrible error to let any natural impulse, physical or mental, stagnate. Crush it out, if you will, and be done with it; or fulfil it, and get it out of the system; but do not allow it to remain there and putrefy. The suppression of the normal sex instinct, for example, is responsible for a thousand ills. In Puritan countries one inevitably finds a morbid preoccupation with sex coupled with every form of perversion and degeneracy. 
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|From space, astronauts can see people making love as a tiny speck of light. Not light, exactly, but a glow that could be mistaken for light--a coital radiance that takes generations to pour like honey through the darkness to the astronaut's eyes.In about one and a half centuries--after the lovers who made the glow will have long been laid permanently on their backs--metropolises will be seen from space. They will glow all year. Smaller cities will also be seen, but with great difficulty. Shtetls will be virtually impossible to spot. Individual couples, invisible.The glow is born from the sum of thousands of loves: newlyweds and teenagers who spark like lighters out of butane, pairs of men who burn fast and bright, pairs of women who illuminate for hours with soft multiple glows, orgies like rock and flint toys sold at festivals, couples trying unsuccessfully to have children who burn their frustrated image on the continent like the bloom a bright light leaves on the eye after you turn away fr
