Matshona Dhliwayo|Bless the world with your mind, heal the world with your heart, lift the world with your soul; elevate the world with your life.
Max Lucado|In the great orchestra we call life, you have an instrument and a song, and you owe it to God to play them both sublimely.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Don’t mourn over the past; it has no pity for you. Don’t cry over the present; it has no sympathy for you; and don’t weep over the future, it has no mercy on you.
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|I cannot pretend that I regard this with favor, but the purpose of life is not to do what we want but what needs to be done. This is what fate demands of us. - Oromis
Kevin Abdulrahman, The Book on What Ever You're Into: These Are the 52 Timeless Winning Truths You Need to Know to Have a Chance at Winning|When doubted, double your efforts
Chinonye J. Chidolue|There comes a time in your life when you have to choose between giving up and staying strong, when situations will try to predict your fate, when friends will depart from you and your echo will be your only companion. When that time comes, remember just why you fought so hard to get to where you are. What is life that it should threaten your faith and who is man that you should clinch onto for happiness? You have a destination. Remember this!
Ilia Delio O.S.F.|The journey of prayer for Franciscans is the discovery of God at the center of our lives. We pray not to acquire a relationship with God as if acquiring something that did not previously exist. Rather, we pray to disclose the image of God in which we are created, the God within us, that is, the one in whom we are created and in whom lies the seed of our identity. We pray so as to discover what we already have—“the incomparable treasure hidden in the field of the world and of the human heart. (St. Clare)
Matshona Dhliwayo|In thoughts, be wise. In speech, be cautious. In sentiment, be positive. In actions, be prudent.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|Ignorance, fear, hate: these are our enemies. Deny them with all your might. -Oromis
Julieanne O'Connor|I am one and when I am one I am none, and when I am none I have won.
St. Clare of Assisi|We become what we love and who we love shapes what we become. If we love things, we become a thing. If we love nothing, we become nothing. Imitation is not a literal mimicking of Christ, rather it means becoming the image of the beloved, an image disclosed through transformation. This means we are to become vessels of God's compassionate love for others.
Brian Andreas|One day, I decided to help wherever I could & it was almost like magic, because I was exactly what the world needed everywhere I went.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from the ocean; not fearing turbulence, it uses the wind against it to rise instead.
- Harrish Sairaman|If you want, you can be a child for the rest of your life and be a great LEARNER
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower does not fulfill its destiny until it blooms, and a star does not fulfill its destiny until it shines.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Good Morning Humans...'It's Monday don't forget to be awesome, make it a good one
Jayson Engay|The world is unfair, oh yes, live your life to achieve.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Focus on your portal, trust the process, don't get so involved in the desires or beliefs of others that cause you confusion and compromise your own alignment. - - The universe loves a believer!
Angelina Jolie Pitt!|There is no greater pillar of stability than a strong, free and educated woman, and there is no more inspiring role model than a man who respects and cherishes women and champions their leadership!
Matshona Dhliwayo|In order for a seed to rise, it must be buried in dirt; likewise, in order for the great to rise they must be buried in adversity.
Danish Ahmad Afsar Ali|Relationship are easy when times are good, BUT THE TRUE TEST IS WHAT YOU DO WHEN ( ONE IS BLIND AND OTHER IS VICTIM OF SILENCE ) AND TIMES ARE TOUGH.
Eraldo Banovac|In general, people accumulate knowledge gradually over a long period of time. However, there are extraordinary people all around us, who are capable of accumulating impressive amounts of knowledge within a relatively short period of time. Nevertheless, even the greatest genius possesses only a small fraction of all knowledge known by mankind. Finally, the following question arises: how large is all the existing knowledge in comparison to the space of ignorance?
Danish Ahmad Afsar Ali|Some stories always remain incomplete, until you do not read them complete with heart <3
Gloria Gaither, Something Beautiful: The Stories Behind a Half-century of the Songs of Bill and Gloria Gaither|When we read of the great Biblical leaders, we see that it was not uncommon for God to ask them to wait, not just a day or two, but for years, until God was ready for them to act.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Emotions buzz through our beings like busy bees, giving us the gift of living vividly.
- Harrish Sairaman|Even enjoying a cup of tea, with all your senses involved in it is also pure meditation.
-Harrish Sairaman|IF you can fly above the CLOUD of politics, the storm is not for you.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Consciousness is eternal, and it is part of you.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|As architect of your reality, you have the power to create it as you choose.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Delight and cheer in life, and let it uplift and inspire you. Spread happiness.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am joyfully responsible for myself, my own happiness, and creating a joyful life.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I love all of myself in all ways for all time. I am made of pure love, and it permeates all of my selves.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I allow my inner joy wellspring to be unbounded and free, to power me up, and to keep me radiantly healthy!
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Extraordinary effervescence exists within you, waiting to be tapped.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the sky never grew dark, we would not be able to clearly see the stars.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A leaf has no power to resist when the wind blows, but when life’s storms rage, you do.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am made of joy! I am joy! My vibration is constantly raising, and I feel good!
RVM|The only thing that belongs to us is our LIFE. Yet, we waste it in the pursuit of meaningless things that will never belong to us.
faudas|1) I may lose something today, I may get anything else tomorrow. But, I can never lose and ever get one thing and thats ‘YOU’ So, be my friend forever!2) I CARE For U Bcoz You Are MY $weet……… friend for ever.3) Each day i meet some one new, But never find another u..The world is full of ppl its true,Yet no one ever equals a friend like you..4) A best friend is one who never get tired ,of listening to your pointless drama over and over again !5) Best friends have CONVERSATION impossible to UNDERSTAND for others.6) A good friend knows all your story , and a best friend has lived them with you.7) BEST FRIEND knows , how stupid you are, but still choose to be with you .8) BEST FRIENDS are like stars, you don’t always see them , but they are always there.9) You are my BEST FRIEND , my HUMAN DIARY and my OTHER HALF , you mean the WORLD for me.10) Best friends ,make the good time better and the hard times easier !!11) When destiny forget , to tie some people in relationship,it corrects its mistake by making them your best friends ..12) Best FRIENDS are like diamond , when you hit them they don’t break, they just slip away from your life.13) When I die, friends would come at my funeral, good friends would cry for me , but my BEST FRIEND would change my Whatsapp status ” Chilling WITH Jesus ”14) Weekly One Day Holiday, Monthly One Day Salary Day, Yearly One Day Birthday,Lifely One Day Death Day, But Sharing FRIENDSHIP with BEST FRIEND Is Every Day 
Dalai Lama XIV, Universal Responsibility And The Good Heart|One problem with our current society is that we have an attitude towards education as if it is there to simply make you more clever, make you more ingenious… Even though our society does not emphasize this, the most important use of knowledge and education is to help us understand the importance of engaging in more wholesome actions and bringing about discipline within our minds. The proper utilization of our intelligence and knowledge is to effect changes from within to develop a good heart.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am awesome! I accept my amazing, awesome self exactly as I am in this moment. I love myself.
Alin Sav|If you are too big to be impacted by your local church, then maybe you are to small to impact the world.
Alin Sav|If we would enter God's reality, all the unknown things would become logical.
Alin Sav|If you´re not ready to face death, you´re not ready to face life.
Alin Sav|Do not change your clothes, change your thoughts.
Alin Sav|Be ready to do things, your friends are afraid to do today.
Alin Sav|Be the voice, that can be heard without a microphone.
Alin Sav|If the stage doesn´t change you, you can change people without being on a stage.
Alin Sav|If you can`t listen to people, they hardly will follow you.
Alin Sav|Never stop dreaming, but please stop sleeping!
Alin Sav|The way to peace is not love, but Christ.
Alin Sav|I am not grown up, because I grow everyday.
Alin Sav|If the vision is not strong enough to motivate me, I am part of the wrong vision.
Alin Sav|Real leaders can change the world, but the world will not change real leaders.
Alin Sav|When you're about to judge, look in the mirror and start.
Alin Sav|If people buy your story, you'll never run dry.
Alin Sav|Everytime you fall, you fly for a second.
Alin Sav|Sometimes you win friends, sometimes you lose friends. Both can help you to grow faster.
Alin Sav|If your vision is bigger than you are, look for partners who are bigger than your vision.
Alin Sav|We do repent not to be forgiven, but because we are forgiven.
Alin Sav|Dream big, but do not fall asleep.
Chris Pepple, Without a Voice|Stop looking for that person you were in the past. She has changed. Look for the person she has grown into. She is wiser and stronger than than ever before. Don't go back to who you were. Cherish who you are." --Without a Voice by Chris Pepple
Ravi Ranjan, My Experience with 498A: Are all marriages made in heaven?|While we mortals fumble through ambiguity, he never loses his harmony #MyExperiencewith498A
Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness|When your intuition is strong, follow it.
Ravi Ranjan, My Experience with 498A: Are all marriages made in heaven?|You see it dying, you feel helpless while it fades,You tend to lose hope lest you forget, a ripple is all, and that's all it takes...#MyExperiencewith498A
Ravi Ranjan, My Experience with 498A: Are all marriages made in heaven?|Faith is wonderful for when you understand it's meaning, it understands you and it takes you where you are destined to be. A rare phenomenon for we keep losing it before it extends its reach but if you have faith in the word, you don't follow it, faith follows you. I have seen it happen and I can vouch for it. #MyExperiencewith498A
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Choose a job you love, Your work is going to fill a large part of your life.
Heather K. O'Hara, The Path of Songs: A Gift for the Soul|What whispers from the center of the soul is an innocence—so loving, so pure, so divine—that the sage bows and the wise man weeps at the sound of its soft singing.
Ravi Ranjan|For in moments of absolute darkness, even a glimmer blurs your vision,But if you dare to look back at it, you feel his presence, you know you are here for a reason !! #MyExperiencewith498A
Alin Sav|If you stop learning, you start dying.
Alin Sav|Maybe we live in danger, but we live not in fear.
Alin Sav|Think big, dream big, stay humble and act now.
Alin Sav|A good question is always a question that helps you and me grow, no matter what the answer might be.
Alin Sav|Leaders walk by faith, managers walk alone.
Alin Sav|If you need only 10 minutes to speak about a topic that requires 60 minutes, then you are a good speaker. If you need 60 minutes to speak about a topic which requires only 10 minutes, then you are a Romanian preacher.
Alin Sav|If you are 100% sure that you live, why don´t you live 100%?
Alin Sav|I always keep my dreams so high, that you can keep laughing about it and I can keep growing for it.
Alin Sav|Speaking doesn´t make you a Leader, but if you have Leadership skills, people want to hear you speak.
Alin Sav|An idea that does not take some risks, is probably an idea not worth taking.
Alin Sav|If you want to change your nation, you have to start a conversation.
Mary Oliver, Upstream: Selected Essays|I learned from Whitman that the poem is a temple -- or a green field -- a place to enter, and in which to feel. Only in a secondary way is it an intellectual thing -- an artifact, a moment of seemly and robust wordiness --wonderful as that part of it is. I learned that the poem was made not just to exist, but to speak --to be company. It was everything that was needed, when everything was needed.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Choose your counsel, company and companions wisely: beware seeking wise words of advice from a fool or expecting informed opinions or decisions from the ignorant.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|To find true fulfilment, you must live your life’s purpose.
Neo Shamon|Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you everything else. It's up to you to be happy with what you have or not.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|There isn’t a single definition of happiness to suit everyone’s requirements, but you know it when you feel it
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Success and the pursuit of it can nourish your body, but only significance has the ability to nourish your mind, body and spirit.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Don’t try, be happy.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|You already have the abundance of life in you, and each day you must decide to live abundantly by choosing not to live in the past, by never taking counsel of your fear, and most importantly by seeing the greatness within you and embracing it.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|The abundant life should include all that life has freely given you – love, good health, success, prosperity, happiness, joy, spirituality, fulfilment, wisdom, purpose, growth and excitement.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|To succeed in life you need five things – a burning desire, a willingness to do whatever it takes, wisdom, incredible effort, and a commitment to never ending improvement.
Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness|When we allow negative messages to fester in our head, they take on a life of their own.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|You need time, perseverance, and patience to develop the character and abilities required for success.
Mensah Oteh|Define success by your terms, not by other people’s standards.
Lolly Daskal|Don’t let any situation intimidate you, defeat you, or conquer you. you are stronger and smarter than anything that challenges you.
Alessandra Torre|Being a writer all boils down to this: It's you, in a chair, staring at a page. And you're either going to stay in that chair until words are written, or you're going to give up and walk away. The great writers have to fight for their words. They have to choose to write, choose words over distractions, and their characters over their friends. Great writers can be lonely, exhausted souls. But through our characters, we live.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|Chimerical words, the words were written,Some are wasted; some are still on the page,Tattered words, the words were written,Some are young, some are aged,Gloomy words, the words were written,Some are unspoken, some are told,Words were hurt, though they can heal,Words are breathless, though can feel,Words won hearts, words shattered hearts,Words lost battles, words won wars,Wars within, words had scars.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Always direct your emotions, desires, behaviour, and actions in the present so they are in alignment with what you want in your future.
Prabidh|Life is not about running away from your problems. It is about facing the problem, fixing it and then keep going until you stumble to another problem. The most important thing is never stopping.
Hayley Solich|Hold everything in this world lightly. Tight enough to show love, but loose enough to easily let go.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|His pen spoke more to her than he ever did”.In the war of words, some are unwritten and some are unspoken.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|How might I get over this? How would I be able to overlook the way he used to be with me? How could I overlook that his fingers touched my indiscernible soul before it twisted my nipples? How might I overlook his essence that still is in my garments? Despite everything, I still hear you saying that you love me. Though I know you don't.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Your ego does not need to be crushed, it needs to be redeemed.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The entire journey of life is lived with energy and we use energy in all that we do from dawn to dusk! When your energy goes down, something goes down. We can do anything with our energy but not all things deserve our true energy! We have, all of us, a choice to choose where our energy must go when day breaks. We can choose to allow anything at all take our energy, but we must not forget that where our energy goes, from there comes something to us; something good or something bad, something mediocre or something noble, something that will disturb us or something that will enhance our joy, latently or visibly, now or tomorrow! We must always remember each day that the same energy that is exerted on wrong things to attract and produce wrong things can be exerted on good things to produce good and great things!
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|To get to ‘yes’ from ‘no’, you may have to journey through ‘maybe’.
Mensah Oteh|Staying true to your dream by using your mental, emotional and physical strength is discipline in action. You express it through focus, grit, self-control, persistence, perseverance, and willpower.
Mensah Oteh|Self-discipline is a learned habit that should be developed and continuously worked on through regular application, practice, and repetition.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Discipline begins where you are, and the key to sustaining the level of discipline you need lies in developing daily habits and routines which mirror the life you want to have.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|Significance is about making a difference, and its pursuit should ideally come before the pursuit of success – or at least at the same time.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|It’s not how long you live that matters, it’s how well you live.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Success may create excitement, but only significance leads to fulfilment.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|If you see success as a race, then you will start eagerly with enthusiasm and passion with the hope of finishing quickly but there is much more to your success journey than your duration and speed.
Confucius|Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|All she captures is a moment and what she calls it is a memory,Sometimes, it is assumptions that we use; all we need is a theory,Because you don’t know what is there in the future,And all you need is a vision to make a perfect picture.I feel that I have known you for a century,And whatever she calls is a memory.
Muhammed Muazu Mukaddas|Whatever begins will end, in time.
D. Allen Miller, Scarlet Tears|Whatever it is that may be bothering you, whatever it is that may have your attention arrested, you have the power to rescue yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The storm is the optimist’s friend, but the pessimist’s nightmare.
Tim Tebow, Shaken: Discovering Your True Identity in the Midst of Life's Storms|And while I may get hurt, disappointed, or frustrated […], my foundation doesn’t have to change.
St. Clare of Assisi|Never forget that the way which leads to heaven is narrow; that the gate leading to life is narrow and low; that there are but few who find it and enter by it; and if there be some who go in and tread the narrow path for some time, there are but very few who persevere therein.
Todd Stocker|While ignorance might be bliss, apathy can be deadly.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When you recognize and reflect on even one good thing about yourself, you are building a bridge to a place of kindness and caring.
Salvador Dalí|«No es que yo sea bueno, es que los demás son tan malos que la comparación se revela imposible.»
Tim Tebow, Shaken: Discovering Your True Identity in the Midst of Life's Storms|It’s important to take God’s love personally, though it may not be an easy thing to do. Sure, God loves the world, but he also loves each one of us individually.
St. Faustina Kowalska|Great love can change small things into great ones, and it is only love which lends value to our actions. And the purer our love becomes, the less there will be within us for the flames of suffering to feed upon, and the suffering will cease to be a suffering for us; it will become a delight! By the grace of God, I have received such a disposition of heart that I am never so happy as when I suffer for Jesus, whom I love with every beat of my heart.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Achievers are biased towards action despite any fear, and this courage sets them apart from others.
Chris Pepple, Without a Voice|Healing starts the moment you accept the truth about what has happened. But healing doesn’t come quickly. When you know that death or pain has come, you face a moment when you stare that pain in the eyes and declare that you will not be defeated by it. Then you turn away and grieve." -Chris Pepple, Without a Voice
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|You need courage because at various moments in your life you might need to attempt something new, push yourself outside your comfort zone, challenge the status quo, change your story, or overcome your fear.
Wayne Chirisa|The depth of love is immeasurable, when you scale it, you will only see and experience it to the degree of your scales.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The entire journey of life is lived with energy and we use energy in all that we do from dawn to dusk! When your energy goes down, something goes down. We can do anything with our energy but not all things deserve our true energy! We have, all of us, a choice to choose where our energy must go when day breaks. We can choose to allow anything at all take our energy, but we must not forget that where our energy goes, from there comes something to us; something good or something bad, something mediocre or something noble, something that will disturb us or something that will enhance our joy, latently or visibly, now or tomorrow. We must always remember each day that same energy that is exerted on wrong things to attract and produce wrong things can be exerted on good things to produce good and great things!
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Your life is a direct reflection of your level of investment in yourself, and your success or the lack of it is often decided by your personal development level.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Investing in yourself is one of the foundations for better relationships, health, happiness, success, and prosperity.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|You can’t excel in everything but you can be exceptional in a few things, so why not choose your life’s focus?
Mensah Oteh|Invest time, energy, and money into increasing your knowledge and wisdom so you can become the best you can be – it’s the best investment you could make.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Your wisdom decides your value, the size of the problems you can solve, the opportunities you create, and ultimately the level of success you experience.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Don’t ask what it will cost or how much of your time you will have to sacrifice. Instead, ask what it’s worth.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|If you wish to be and remain successful, invest a minimum of five to ten per cent of your income each month and your time each day on your personal growth and development.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that your dreams, desires or goals are more important than fear.
Mensah Oteh|Acting courageously is about knowing and making the right choices based on a deep conviction that dwarfs fear, doubt, and worry.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|You might fear you don’t have what it takes, but you don’t need to have all the answers or everything figured right from the start.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Finding the courage to break away from other people’s opinions, and your self-limiting thoughts, could be the most significant breakthrough transformation you make on your journey to success.
Mensah Oteh|Until you develop the courage to pursue that dream in your heart, you will never reach your true potential.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Let your work speak,Let your work scream,Let your work live,Forever.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|After all these years, all I know is, I need not to do anything as a part of remorse.All I need is to write.Because,'Poetry forgives.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|Words are never frail. They have all the powers to change the personality and features of a man. The way he relates and depicts the things are based on the words he discovers. At one point where words portray happiness for someone, it also counts for the tears to some. The day we comprehend the strength of words, we would choose them more closely and patiently. Where we would prefer silence more over words. If words are our strength, they are our weakness too.
Emanuel Andrei Cosutchi|Above all, don’t lie to yourself." – Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov"I don’t want to die without any scars." – Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club"Not all those who wander are lost." – J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring"It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." – J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not." – André Gide, Autumn Leaves"If you’re making mistakes it means you’re out there doing something." – Neil Gaiman, Make Good Art"Even a stopped clock is right twice a day." – Paulo Coelho, Brida"If we wait until we’re ready, we’ll be waiting for the rest of our lives."– Lemony Snicket, The Ersatz Elevator"The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt." – Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath"I dream. Sometimes I think that’s the only right thing to do." – Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart"If you don’t imagine, nothing ever happens at all." – John Green, Paper Towns"Everything is possible. The impossible just takes longer." – Dan Brown, Digital Fortress"Fear is an illusion..." - Dark Templar, Starcraft 2
Matshona Dhliwayo|To encourage people, walk beside them. To inspire people, walk in front of them. To drive people, walk behind them. To lead people, walk with them.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|All of your failures, are training grounds
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|At the end of your life you want to arrive at a well-designed destination rather than an unexpected destination, and you do this by setting life goals, not short-term, not medium, not long-term, but life goals.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Goals reveal your path to success, greatness and significance. Become a master goal setter and you will chart the course of your life.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everybody is a champion! Everybody has conquered something in life before! You have achieved something great before: your first time of walking. Remember how life would have been should you have failed to challenge and overcome that challenge, even as an infant! If you could do that as an infant, you can conquer great challenges now to leave great and indelible mark before you go! He who thinks failure has a super power over him should remember the first day he took the first step to walk! He who wants to end it all because of failure must think of why he never ended the journey of life just because he tried walking the first time ever and fell, but stood up and tried over and over until he could walk without a fall! Take your courage and be a champion! Dare to conquer life!
Mi madre|Tu puedes, tu SIEMPRE puedes
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Life should not be measured by duration alone but by donation also, by what you do during your lifetime.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Goals help you look towards the future with anticipation and excitement rather than with anxiety, and when clearly defined and broken into smaller steps, they enable you pay the price needed to achieve your dreams.
V.E. Schwab|My point, continued Rhy, is for every ten that worship you, one wants to see you burn. Those are simply the odds when it comes to people like you and I.
St. Catherine of Genoa, The Treatise on Purgatory|God created the soul pure, simple and clean of all stain of sin, with a certain beatific instinct towards Himself whence original sin, which the soul finds in itself, draws it away, and when actual is added to original sin the soul is drawn yet further away. The further it departs from its beatific instinct, the more malignant it becomes because it corresponds less to God.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|APRIL 20, 2017 Day 110 of 365...God did not bring you far to fail you now, it has full of succession both good vibes and bad times. But still have a way
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|The greatest value in the goal process is the skills, the knowledge, the discipline, and the character you develop in pursuit of your goal.
Irina Binder, Fluturi|- Te iubesc atat de mult, mi-a zis incet. Daca as putea , ti-as lua toate tristetile si toate durerile.- Cu anumite dureri traiesti toata viata. Nici macar Dumnezeu nu te scapa de ele. Le porti in suflet toata viata, de parca soarta ar vrea sa nu te lase niciodata sa uiti ca ai fost ranit.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Be specific about what you want. Decide, define, describe, discuss and develop your plans and then act on them.
Robin Bertram|Godly character is what you are when you've been tried and proven. It is not what you say you are, or what people think you are but, instead, it is what shines through after you have suffered and have endured. It is the proof of your genuineness.
Robin M. Bertram|Joy is a fruit of the Holy Spirit, which is most greatly experienced in the heart of those willing to surrender all self-sufficiency: self-promotion, self-reliance, self-protection, and self-absorption: it is a gift given.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|It's better to move on now and feel a pinch, than hold on and later treat a wound
Sameer  Khan, Eerie Edges|When you judge your art with number of likes you get in response to it, you're killing the artist within, and giving rise to an entertainer.
Wisdom Primus, Being Successful While Lying on the Couch! Really?: How to Beat Procrastination, Develop Confidence and Take Massive Actions to Achieve What You Want in Life.|Fear will always be a tenant in your mind, but do not make fear the landlord of your mind.
Wisdom Primus, Being Successful While Lying on the Couch! Really?: How to Beat Procrastination, Develop Confidence and Take Massive Actions to Achieve What You Want in Life.|If your dreams are so simple and easy to attain, why don’t you walk straight to them and take them?
Danish Ahmad Afsar Ali|HellOoo...Inspiration I believe that one day current infinity presence of everyone will be no longer available in this space... Am I right ? And it will be over like other creative masters of this world who had Awarded New face to this world and our society to make it beautiful. So, I was looking up in the sky in the night one day from my window and asking myself what should I do to keep all the Philosophy and Skills learned from this life and experiences by safekeeping bound to myself central in the 6feet grave one day like my other inspirational master’s - Steve Job and M.Ali etc...But it should amplify and spread its fumes of creativity and paint with the contrasting colors every possible area for the reason that the world is so abstract “ Not Young to so New Young Minds ” every generation needs that because it's already too dark in your deadpan room which is ultimately final place to reside.So, why don't we use this life to fill every soul with colors, positivity and education along upright knowledge.
Mensah Oteh|Talent is never enough. Effort, not talent, is the key to success.
Robin M. Bertram|18.	Godly character is what you are when you've been tried and proven. It is not what you say you are, or what people think you are but, instead, it is what shines through after you have suffered and have endured. It is the proof of your genuineness.
Mensah Oteh|Talent helps, but success is only achieved and sustained through consistent effort.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Success is not simply about intelligence and ambition. The time invested, the quality of preparation, and the effort applied are essential to excellence or mastery.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Success isn’t entirely a numbers game, but numbers play a part.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|To be successful you must be willing to work hard, work smart, work consistently, and most importantly do all three simultaneously over a long period of time.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Goals are the result of bringing your dreams, ideas, and ideals into a real and examinable form by giving them permanence in written form.
Mensah Oteh|They are probably the single most important deciding factor for long-term success, and your ability to set and make plans to achieve them is the master skill to your successful future.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|Long-term goals provide focus, but inspiration comes from the accomplishment of short-term goals.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|In order to be successful you must decide to be intentional about what you do, how you live, and who you are becoming.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Reasons are the fuel for goal achievement. Without a strong enough reason, it’s impossible to persevere.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Life isn’t about what you have, it’s about who you are.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Select carefully and continuously review your circle of influence, and be unapologetic about who you exclude.
Mensah Oteh|Difficult times revel true friends but also the unfaithful in your life. Be attentive always, but especially during tough times.
Mensah Oteh|Don’t leave it to chance, find success and replicate it.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Your environment and the associations you keep will affect how you think, feel, and act, and ultimately the results you get.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|If you wish to be successful, you have be willing to invest the time, energy, and money necessary to associate with the right people.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Others have seen and experienced the good, the bad, and the ugly, and their experiences serve as models you can learn from.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|Although failure is a good learning experience, you don’t have to go through life making mistakes if they can be avoided.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Develop a strong thirst for positive associations and learning from others, because the right people can take you further than you can go on your own.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Incredible ideas, results, and outcomes are possible when two or more minds come together for a common purpose.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Less is more, especially in relationships. You must understand and appreciate the importance of quality in relationships over quantity.
Jayme Karales, Practice Makes Perfect|Most will do what’s comfortable because, let’s face it, we all like guarantees. Working a draining 9-to-5 will guarantee that your rent is paid on time, it’ll guarantee that your loans will be taken care of, it’ll guarantee you three square meals every night of the week. What if you broke down an entire lifetime of guarantees and found that your most prized moments consisted of standard, fragmented memories; high school dances, learning how to drive a car, graduating college… It’s almost as if you stopped living life the moment your education ended, the moment it was time to ‘grow up’ and ‘get a real job.
Peprah Boasiako|Don't play the victim role, empower yourself instead. Place yourself and others around you in a position to win.
Tessa Taylar|We stand on the shores of a Mystery, carried by the beauty of the horizon into fantasy that gives birth to our reality. So live like each moment is filled with gold.
Robin M. Bertram|Character is what is hidden deep, shows up in the worst of times, be it good or bad, and reflects the heart of a man.
Robin M. Bertram|Sometimes the right thing to do will cost us our greatest sacrifices, but the rewards will always outweigh our losses
St. Jane Francis de Chantal|There is no danger if our prayer is without words or reflection because the good success of prayer depends neither on words nor on study. It depends upon the simple raising of our minds to God, and the more simple and stripped of feeling it is, the surer it is.
Mensah Oteh|To become successful, you have to let go of something to get something else of greater value.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|If you are serious about achieving your desired goals, be willing to let go of the small pleasures found in the moment that may sabotage your chances of experiencing true pleasure when the sacrifice is paid.
Mensah Oteh|The pursuit of any worthwhile goal requires that you give up something that feels comfortable, secure, and safe in the moment to get you closer to your future dreams.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|In the success equation, subtraction comes before multiplication or addition. You must sow before you can reap a harvest.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Without a compelling vision to draw you away from your present and pull you through any challenges and into the future, it becomes easy to settle for a lesser life than the one you could achieve.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|If you pay the price for success, you win. If you avoid payment, you lose. It’s really that simple.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|You can only build on success, but to do this you have to be willing to let go of your last success and use it as a stepping stone for your next achievement.
Mensah Oteh|Success has more to do with what you are willing to sacrifice than your skills, talent or IQ.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Be willing to constantly travel towards the dreams of your future, and don’t be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Michael Benningfield|Even the most noble of men are capable of committing the most heinous crimes when their souls cry out for help and that cry goes unanswered. If we spent half as much time building others up as we do tearing them down, we'd find the ladder of success is far greater than the rope of doom.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Those whom you spend most of your time with, and the voices you allow to influence your thoughts, play a significant part in who you become and the future you have.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|The first step may be the hardest, but once you take action you create motion, which in turn builds momentum.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|The best way of creating motivation is to do something. If you take action, motivation will follow
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Waiting for things to happen is like daydreaming. To break out of that cycle, you must be willing to take the first small step.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|If your actions are combined with proper planning and perseverance, there are no heights you cannot attain.
Sharon Kirstin, The Answers Within|The shadow demons (fears) you've been avoiding keep you stuck in a rut, a prisoner in your own life - it's time to break free and shine!
Sharon Kirstin, The Answers Within|Just like a flower, you are a creation of unique beauty from the one essence of life.
Sharon Kirstin, The Answers Within|When you tune into your soul essence and are in harmony with the Supreme, you are tapped into your superpowers.
Mensah Oteh|Never allow your life to be dictated by what you can see by sight, be guided by your inner vision.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|To achieve success, you need to develop the ability to see through your mind’s eye continuously.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|The power and magnetic pull of your vision is hinged on the purpose and passion behind it and, most importantly, the intent.
St. Hildegard of Bingen|Dare to declare who you are. It is not far from the shores of silence to the boundaries of speech. The path is not long, but the way is deep. You must not only walk there, you must be prepared to leap.
Jakob Böhme, The Signature of All Things 1622: As Above So Below|I contemplated man's little spark, what it should be valued before God alongside of this great work of heaven and earth.
Hadewijch, Hadewijch: The Complete Works|For this is love's truth; she joins two in one being, makes sweet sour, strangers neighbors, and the lowly noble.
C. JoyBell C.|If my friend asks me to sit in a temple belonging to a God that I do not know, because he needs a friend to sit with him, I will be happy to sit there in the foreign temple. Because the temple itself is an outer container only. What is the true religion? What is the inner oil contained by that outer container? The inner oil is the friendship I share with my friend. The true religion is being there to sit beside my friend. If I cannot do this for my friend, then how am I worthy to sit in any temple, whether belonging to a God that I know or to a God that I don't know? If there is no inner oil within my soul, I do not deserve to sit in any temple. Religion is the friendship within the heart, not the place where we sit on a holy day. Religion is the oil within the lamp, not the metal container we see as the lamp.
St. Clare of Assisi|Our labor here is brief, but the reward is eternal. Do not be disturbed by the clamor of the world, which passes like a shadow. Do not let false delights of a deceptive world deceive you.
Bernard of Clairvoux|Ingratitude is the soul's enemy... Ingratitude is a burning wind that dries up the source of love, the dew of mercy, the streams of grace.
St. John of the Cross|However softly we speak, God is so close to us that he can hear us; nor do we need wings to go in search of him, but merely to seek solitude and contemplate him within ourselves, without being surprised to find such a good Guest there.
Catherine of Siena, The Dialogue of St. Catherine of Siena|The soul is in God and God in the soul, just as the fish is in the sea and the sea in the fish.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|The moment you choose to be accountable for all outcomes in your life, you distance yourself from the position of a victim and assume the role of a change agent.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|We all have within ourselves the inclination to try to pass the blame to others when things don’t work in our favour. The ultimate challenge comes from suppressing this innate desire and replacing it with accountability and ownership for all things, good or bad.
St. Teresa Of Avila, The Autobiography of St. Teresa Of Avila: By St. Teresa Of Avila - Illustrated|Christ has no body now but mine. He prays in me, works in me, looks through my eyes, speaks through my words, works through my hands, walks with my feet and loves with my heart.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|It’s easy to play the victim card (all of us have done this), but this mindset is one of the greatest obstacles to progress and growth.
Mensah Oteh|Accepting complete responsibility is the unsung character trait of those who find uncommon success, and failure to accept responsibility is a common trait of those who end up with a mediocre life.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Taking consistent action is guaranteed to increase the probability of your success. When combined with proper planning and perseverance, there are no heights you cannot attain.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|The willingness to burn your ships, cut off all sources of retreat, and take decisive action is often the only assured path to success.
Mensah Oteh|Although a decision is often viewed as the turning point, it is action that creates tangible results.
Mensah Oteh|To achieve your dreams you must be willing to take massive action over a long period, even when there is no evidence of progress.
Chuck Palahniuk, Diary|It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.
Mahatma Gandhi|Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Frederick Lewis Donaldson|The Seven Social Sins are: Wealth without work. Pleasure without conscience. Knowledge without character. Commerce without morality. Science without humanity. Worship without sacrifice. Politics without principle.From a sermon given by Frederick Lewis Donaldson in Westminster Abbey, London, on March 20, 1925.
J.R.R. Tolkien|If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|You can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes".
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it. You must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it.
W.P. Kinsella|Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery—air, mountains, trees, people. I thought, "This is what it is to be happy.
Ayn Rand|Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|When the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride.
Mother Teresa|Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.
Jonathan Safran Foer|I think and think and think, I‘ve thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.
Hunter S. Thompson|So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?
Edward Lear, The Owl and the Pussycat|And hand in hand, on the edge of the sand, They danced by the light of the moon.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Generally speaking, the most miserable people I know are those who are obsessed with themselves; the happiest people I know are those who lose themselves in the service of others...By and large, I have come to see that if we complain about life, it is because we are thinking only of ourselves.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|Actual happiness always looks pretty squalid in comparison with the overcompensations for misery. And, of course, stability isn't nearly so spectacular as instability. And being contented has none of the glamour of a good fight against misfortune, none of the picturesqueness of a struggle with temptation, or a fatal overthrow by passion or doubt. Happiness is never grand.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|I am the happiest creature in the world. Perhaps other people have said so before, but not one with such justice. I am happier even than Jane; she only smiles, I laugh.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I do not miss childhood, but I miss the way I took pleasure in small things, even as greater things crumbled. I could not control the world I was in, could not walk away from things or people or moments that hurt, but I took joy in the things that made me happy.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|Maybe the truth is, there's a little bit of loser in all of us. Being happy isn't having everything in your life be perfect. Maybe it's about stringing together all the little things.
Aristotle|Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|Happiness is an accident of nature, a beautiful and flawless aberration.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Those who are not looking for happiness are the most likely to find it, because those who are searching forget that the surest way to be happy is to seek happiness for others.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long-run—in the long-run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think about it
Carrie Jones, Need|The secret of happiness is freedom, the secret of freedom is courage.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I'm choosing happiness over suffering, I know I am. I'm making space for the unknown future to fill up my life with yet-to-come surprises.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|This planet has - or rather had - a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movement of small green pieces of paper, which was odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.
Edgar Allan Poe|I have no faith in human perfectibility. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|You’ll learn, as you get older, that rules are made to be broken. Be bold enough to live life on your terms, and never, ever apologize for it. Go against the grain, refuse to conform, take the road less traveled instead of the well-beaten path. Laugh in the face of adversity, and leap before you look. Dance as though EVERYBODY is watching. March to the beat of your own drummer. And stubbornly refuse to fit in.
Charles Bukowski|We don’t even ask happiness, just a little less pain.
Groucho Marx, The Essential Groucho: Writings For By And About Groucho Marx|I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
Marianne Williamson|Children are happy because they don't have a file in their minds called "All the Things That Could Go Wrong.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of the Buddha's Teaching: Transforming Suffering into Peace, Joy, and Liberation|Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness. If, in our heart, we still cling to anything - anger, anxiety, or possessions - we cannot be free.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind.
Martha Washington|The greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|The sense of unhappiness is so much easier to convey than that of happiness. In misery we seem aware of our own existence, even though it may be in the form of a monstrous egotism: this pain of mine is individual, this nerve that winces belongs to me and to no other. But happiness annihilates us: we lose our identity.
Anaïs Nin, Henry & June|What can I do with my happiness? How can I keep it, conceal it, bury it where I may never lose it? I want to kneel as it falls over me like rain, gather it up with lace and silk, and press it over myself again.
Edith Wharton|If only we'd stop trying to be happy, we could have a pretty good time.
William James|Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. 
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|Happiness is a risk. If you’re not a little scared, then you’re not doing it right.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness|If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|Happiness. It was the place where passion, with all its dazzle and drumbeat, met something softer: homecoming and safety and pure sunbeam comfort. It was all those things, intertwined with the heat and the thrill, and it was as bright within her as a swallowed star.
Epictetus|Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Be believing, be happy, don't get discouraged. Things will work out.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|The belief that unhappiness is selfless and happiness is selfish is misguided. It's more selfless to act happy. It takes energy, generosity, and discipline to be unfailingly lighthearted, yet everyone takes the happy person for granted. No one is careful of his feelings or tries to keep his spirits high. He seems self-sufficient; he becomes a cushion for others. And because happiness seems unforced, that person usually gets no credit.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Sometimes you break your heart in the right way, if you know what I mean.
Lemony Snicket, The End|It is a curious thing, but as one travels the world getting older and older, it appears that happiness is easier to get used to than despair. The second time you have a root beer float, for instance, your happiness at sipping the delicious concoction may not be quite as enormous as when you first had a root beer float, and the twelfth time your happiness may be still less enormous, until root beer floats begin to offer you very little happiness at all, because you have become used to the taste of vanilla ice cream and root beer mixed together. However, the second time you find a thumbtack in your root beer float, your despair is much greater than the first time, when you dismissed the thumbtack as a freak accident rather than part of the scheme of a soda jerk, a phrase which here means "ice cream shop employee who is trying to injure your tongue," and by the twelfth time you find a thumbtack, your despair is even greater still, until you can hardly utter the phrase "root beer float" without bursting into tears. It is almost as if happiness is an acquired taste, like coconut cordial or ceviche, to which you can eventually become accustomed, but despair is something surprising each time you encounter it.
Edmund Burke|Woman is not made to be the admiration of all, but the happiness of one.
Carlos Castañeda|The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums|Happy. Just in my swim shorts, barefooted, wild-haired, in the red fire dark, singing, swigging wine, spitting, jumping, running—that's the way to live. All alone and free in the soft sands of the beach by the sigh of the sea out there, with the Ma-Wink fallopian virgin warm stars reflecting on the outer channel fluid belly waters. And if your cans are redhot and you can't hold them in your hands, just use good old railroad gloves, that's all.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|There are two ways to be happy: improve your reality, or lower your expectations.
Elizabeth Gilbert|People tend to think that happiness is a stroke of luck, something that will descend like fine weather if you're fortunate. But happiness is the result of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly.
Susan Polis Schutz|Let us dance in the sun, wearing wild flowers in our hair...
Jeremy Aldana|I am intrigued by the smile upon your face, and the sadness within your eyes
Lucille Ball|It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy. 
Stephen Fry|Certainly the most destructive vice if you like, that a person can have. More than pride, which is supposedly the number one of the cardinal sins - is self pity. Self pity is the worst possible emotion anyone can have. And the most destructive. It is, to slightly paraphrase what Wilde said about hatred, and I think actually hatred's a subset of self pity and not the other way around - ' It destroys everything around it, except itself '. Self pity will destroy relationships, it'll destroy anything that's good, it will fulfill all the prophecies it makes and leave only itself. And it's so simple to imagine that one is hard done by, and that things are unfair, and that one is underappreciated, and that if only one had had a chance at this, only one had had a chance at that, things would have gone better, you would be happier if only this, that one is unlucky. All those things. And some of them may well even be true. But, to pity oneself as a result of them is to do oneself an enormous disservice.I think it's one of things we find unattractive about the american culture, a culture which I find mostly, extremely attractive, and I like americans and I love being in america. But, just occasionally there will be some example of the absolutely ravening self pity that they are capable of, and you see it in their talk shows. It's an appalling spectacle, and it's so self destructive. I almost once wanted to publish a self help book saying 'How To Be Happy by Stephen Fry : Guaranteed success'. And people buy this huge book and it's all blank pages, and the first page would just say - ' Stop Feeling Sorry For Yourself - And you will be happy '. Use the rest of the book to write down your interesting thoughts and drawings, and that's what the book would be, and it would be true. And it sounds like 'Oh that's so simple', because it's not simple to stop feeling sorry for yourself, it's bloody hard. Because we do feel sorry for ourselves, it's what Genesis is all about.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|My God, a moment of bliss. Why, isn't that enough for a whole lifetime?
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender is the Night|Later she remembered all the hours of the afternoon as happy -- one of those uneventful times that seem at the moment only a link between past and future pleasure, but turn out to have been the pleasure itself.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|But maybe happiness isn't in the choosing. Maybe it's in the fiction, in the pretending: that wherever we have ended up is where we intended to be all along.
Ben Carson|Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but from what we give.
Stephen Richards|When you connect to the silence within you, that is when you can make sense of the disturbance going on around you.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Listen to what is being preached today. Look at everyone around us. You've wondered why they suffer, why they seek happiness and never find it. If any man stopped and asked himself whether he's ever held a truly personal desire, he'd find the answer. He'd see that all his wishes, his efforts, his dreams, his ambitions are motivated by other men. He's not really struggling even for material wealth, but for the second-hander's delusion - prestige. A stamp of approval, not his own. He can find no joy in the struggle and no joy when he has succeeded. He can't say about a single thing: 'This is what I wanted because I wanted it, not because it made my neighbors gape at me'. Then he wonders why he's unhappy.
Karl Marx, Critique of Hegel's Philosophy of Right|The foundation of irreligious criticism is: Man makes religion, religion does not make man. Religion is, indeed, the self-consciousness and self-esteem of man who has either not yet won through to himself, or has already lost himself again. But man is no abstract being squatting outside the world. Man is the world of man – state, society. This state and this society produce religion, which is an inverted consciousness of the world, because they are an inverted world...Religious suffering is, at one and the same time, the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people.The abolition of religion as the illusory happiness of the people is the demand for their real happiness. To call on them to give up their illusions about their condition is to call on them to give up a condition that requires illusions. The criticism of religion is, therefore, in embryo, the criticism of that vale of tears of which religion is the halo.Criticism has plucked the imaginary flowers on the chain not in order that man shall continue to bear that chain without fantasy or consolation, but so that he shall throw off the chain and pluck the living flower. The criticism of religion disillusions man, so that he will think, act, and fashion his reality like a man who has discarded his illusions and regained his senses, so that he will move around himself as his own true Sun. Religion is only the illusory Sun which revolves around man as long as he does not revolve around himself.
Andy Rooney|Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it.
Dorothy Parker|If you have any young friends who aspire to become writers, the second greatest favor you can do them is to present them with copies of The Elements of Style. The first greatest, of course, is to shoot them now, while they’re happy.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it. (21)
J.M. Barrie|The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.
Joseph Addison|What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|To be stupid, and selfish, and to have good health are the three requirements for happiness - though if stupidity is lacking, the others are useless.
Gautama Buddha|These... things, householder, are welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world:Long life is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Beauty is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Happiness is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Status is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world....Now, I tell you, these... things are not to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes. If they were to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes, who here would lack them? It's not fitting for the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life to pray for it or to delight in doing so. Instead, the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life should follow the path of practice leading to long life. In so doing, he will attain long life...]
Tom Stoppard, The Coast of Utopia|Because children grow up, we think a child's purpose is to grow up. But a child's purpose is to be a child. Nature doesn't disdain what lives only for a day. It pours the whole of itself into the each moment. We don't value the lily less for not being made of flint and built to last. Life's bounty is in its flow, later is too late. Where is the song when it's been sung? The dance when it's been danced? It's only we humans who want to own the future, too. We persuade ourselves that the universe is modestly employed in unfolding our destination. We note the haphazard chaos of history by the day, by the hour, but there is something wrong with the picture. Where is the unity, the meaning, of nature's highest creation? Surely those millions of little streams of accident and wilfulness have their correction in the vast underground river which, without a doubt, is carrying us to the place where we're expected! But there is no such place, that's why it's called utopia. The death of a child has no more meaning than the death of armies, of nations. Was the child happy while he lived? That is a proper question, the only question. If we can't arrange our own happiness, it's a conceit beyond vulgarity to arrange the happiness of those who come after us.
Elizabeth Berg, The Art of Mending|There are random moments - tossing a salad, coming up the driveway to the house, ironing the seams flat on a quilt square, standing at the kitchen window and looking out at the delphiniums, hearing a burst of laughter from one of my children's rooms - when I feel a wavelike rush of joy. This is my true religion: arbitrary moments of of nearly painful happiness for a life I feel privileged to lead.
Shannon L. Alder|When you are joyful, when you say yes to life and have fun and project positivity all around you, you become a sun in the center of every constellation, and people want to be near you.
Dennis Lehane|Happiness doesn't lie in conspicuous consumption and the relentless amassing of useless crap. Happiness lies in the person sitting beside you and your ability to talk to them. Happiness is clear-headed human interaction and empathy. Happiness is home. And home is not a house-home is a mythological conceit. It is a state of mind. A place of communion and unconditional love. It is where, when you cross its threshold, you finally feel at peace.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas|The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting. This is the treason of the artist; a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|right in this moment, I can´t even remember what unhappy feels like.
Dalai Lama XIV|I believe compassion to be one of the few things we can practice that will bring immediate and long-term happiness to our lives. I’m not talking about the short-term gratification of pleasures like sex, drugs or gambling (though I’m not knocking them), but something that will bring true and lasting happiness. The kind that sticks.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|We are not going to change the whole world, but we can change ourselves and feel free as birds. We can be serene even in the midst of calamities and, by our serenity, make others more tranquil. Serenity is contagious. If we smile at someone, he or she will smile back. And a smile costs nothing. We should plague everyone with joy. If we are to die in a minute, why not die happily, laughing? (136-137)
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Curse|Happiness depends on being free, and freedom depends on being courageous.
Doris Mortman|Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy|Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
Jacqueline Kelly, The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate|Ahhh. Bed, book, kitten, sandwich. All one needed in life, really.
Marcel Pagnol|The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be.
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|I shall take the heart. For brains do not make one happy, and happiness is the best thing in the world.
Marilyn Monroe, My Story|For those who are poor in happiness, each time is a first time; happiness never becomes a habit.
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|If you wish to be happy,Eragon, Think not of what is to come nor of that which you have no control over but rather of the now and that which you are able to change
Bernhard Schlink, The Reader|Why? Why does what was beautiful suddenly shatter in hindsight because it concealed dark truths? Why does the memory of years of happy marriage turn to gall when our partner is revealed to have had a lover all those years? Because such a situation makes it impossible to be happy? But we were happy! Sometimes the memory of happiness cannot stay true because it ended unhappily. Because happiness is only real if it lasts forever? Because things always end painfully if they contained pain, conscious or unconscious, all along? But what is unconscious, unrecognized pain?
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|dear today, i spend all of you pretending i'm okay when i'm not, pretending i'm happy when i'm not, pretending about everything to everyone.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|Sometimes we must undergo hardships, breakups, and narcissistic wounds, which shatter the flattering image that we had of ourselves, in order to discover two truths: that we are not who we thought we were; and that the loss of a cherished pleasure is not necessarily the loss of true happiness and well-being. (109)
Bertrand Russell|The secret of happiness is to face the fact that the world is horrible, horrible, horrible.
George Sand|One is happy as a result of one's own efforts once one knows the necessary ingredients of happiness: simple tastes, a certain degree of courage, self denial to a point, love of work, and above all, a clear conscience.
Dan Wells, Partials|Happiness is the most natural thing in the world when you have it, and the slowest, strangest, most impossible thing when you don't. It's like learning a foreign language: You can think about the words all you want, but you'll never be able to speak it until you suck up your courage and say them out loud.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Adrian tipped my face up toward his and kissed me. Like always, the world around me stopped moving. No, the world became Adrian, only Adrian. Kissing him was as mind-blowing as ever, full of that same passion and need I had never believed I’d feel. But today, there was even more to it. I no longer had any doubt about whether this was wrong or right. It was a culmination of a long journey . . . or maybe the beginning of one.I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer. I didn’t care that we were out in public. I didn’t care that he was Moroi. All that mattered was that he was Adrian, my Adrian. My match. My partner in crime, in the long battle I’d just signed on for to right the wrongs in the Alchemist and Moroi worlds. Maybe Marcus was right that I’d also signed myself up for disaster, but I didn’t care. In that moment, it seemed that as long as Adrian and I were together, there was no challenge too great for us.I don’t know how long we stood there kissing. Like I said, the world around me was gone. Time had stopped. I was awash in the feel of Adrian’s body against mine, in his scent, and in the taste of his lips. That was all that mattered right now.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I may never be happy, but tonight I am content.
E.L. Konigsburg, From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler|Happiness is excitement that has found a settling down place, but there is always a little corner that keeps flapping around.
Melody Carstairs|If you've got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|There was a thing called Heaven; but all the same they used to drink enormous quantities of alcohol."..."There was a thing called the soul and a thing called immortality."..."But they used to take morphia and cocaine."..."Two thousand pharmacologists and biochemists were subsidized in A.F. 178."..."Six years later it was being produced commercially. The perfect drug."..."Euphoric, narcotic, pleasantly hallucinant."..."All the advantages of Christianity and alcohol; none of their defects."..."Take a holiday from reality whenever you like, and come back without so much as a headache or a mythology."..."Stability was practically assured.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|You were already in a prison. You've been in a prison all your life. Happiness is a prison, Evey. Happiness is the most insidious prison of all. Your lover lived in the penitentiary that we are all born into, and was forced to rake the dregs of that world for his living. He knew affection and tenderness but only briefly. Eventually, one of the other inmates stabbed him with a cutlass and he drowned upon his own blood. Is that it, Evey? Is that the happiness worth more than freedom? It's not an uncommon story, Evey. Many convicts meet with miserable ends. Your mother. Your father. Your lover. One by one, taken out behind the chemical sheds... and shot. All convicts, hunched and deformed by the smallness of their cells, the weight of their chains, the unfairness of their sentences. I didn't put you in a prison, Evey. I just showed you the bars.''You're wrong! It's just life, that's all! It's just how life is. It's what we've got to put up with. It's all we've got. What gives you the right to decide it's not good enough?''You're in a prison, Evey. You were born in a prison. You've been in a prison so long, you no longer believe there's a world outside. That's because you're afraid, Evey. You're afraid because you can feel freedom closing in upon you. You're afraid because freedom is terrifying. Don't back away from it, Evey. Part of you understands the truth even as part pretends not to. You were in a cell, Evey. They offered you a choice between the death of your principles and the death of your body. You said you'd rather die. You faced the fear of your own death and you were calm and still. The door of the cage is open, Evey. All that you feel is the wind from outside.
Albert Schweitzer|I don't know what your destiny will be, but one thing I know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who have sought and found how to serve.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|With my eyes closed, I would touch a familiar book and draw its fragrance deep inside me. This was enough to make me happy. 
Bertrand Russell, The Impact of Science on Society|Really high-minded people are indifferent to happiness, especially other people's.
Lemony Snicket, The End|It is almost as if happiness is an acquired taste, like coconut cordial or ceviche, to which you can eventually become accustomed, but despair is something surprising each time you encounter it.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract and Discourses|Why should we build our happiness on the opinons of others, when we can find it in our own hearts?
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I keep remembering one of my Guru's teachings about happiness. She says that people universally tend to think that happiness is a stroke of luck, something that will maybe descend upon you like fine weather if you're fortunate enough. But that's not how happiness works. Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it, you must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it. If you don't you will eat away your innate contentment. It's easy enough to pray when you're in distress but continuing to pray even when your crisis has passed is like a sealing process, helping your soul hold tight to its good attainments.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Age does not make us childish, as some say; it finds us true children.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|I was something that lay under the sun and felt it, like the pumpkins, and I did not want to be anything more. I was entirely happy. Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge. At any rate, that is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.
Jennifer E. Smith, This Is What Happy Looks Like|Exactly. How can you know it makes you happy if you’ve never experienced it?”“There are different kinds of happy,” she said. “Some kinds don’t need any proof.
William Blake|He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.
Epicurus, A Guide To Happiness|Of all the means to insure happiness throughout the whole life, by far the most important is the acquisition of friends.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|Laughter is more than just a pleasurable activity...When people laugh together, they tend to talk and touch more and to make eye contact more frequently.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|How often since then has she wondered what might have happened if she'd tried to remain with him; if she’d returned Richard's kiss on the corner of Bleeker and McDougal, gone off somewhere (where?) with him, never bought the packet of incense or the alpaca coat with rose-shaped buttons. Couldn’t they have discovered something larger and stranger than what they've got. It is impossible not to imagine that other future, that rejected future, as taking place in Italy or France, among big sunny rooms and gardens; as being full of infidelities and great battles; as a vast and enduring romance laid over friendship so searing and profound it would accompany them to the grave and possibly even beyond. She could, she thinks, have entered another world. She could have had a life as potent and dangerous as literature itself.Or then again maybe not, Clarissa tells herself. That's who I was. This is who I am--a decent woman with a good apartment, with a stable and affectionate marriage, giving a party. Venture too far for love, she tells herself, and you renounce citizenship in the country you've made for yourself. You end up just sailing from port to port.Still, there is this sense of missed opportunity. Maybe there is nothing, ever, that can equal the recollection of having been young together. Maybe it's as simple as that. Richard was the person Clarissa loved at her most optimistic moment. Richard had stood beside her at the pond's edge at dusk, wearing cut-off jeans and rubber sandals. Richard had called her Mrs. Dalloway, and they had kissed. His mouth had opened to hers; (exciting and utterly familiar, she'd never forget it) had worked its way shyly inside until she met its own. They'd kissed and walked around the pond together.It had seemed like the beginning of happiness, and Clarissa is still sometimes shocked, more than thirty years later to realize that it was happiness; that the entire experience lay in a kiss and a walk. The anticipation of dinner and a book. The dinner is by now forgotten; Lessing has been long overshadowed by other writers. What lives undimmed in Clarissa's mind more than three decades later is a kiss at dusk on a patch of dead grass, and a walk around a pond as mosquitoes droned in the darkening air. There is still that singular perfection, and it's perfect in part because it seemed, at the time, so clearly to promise more. Now she knows: That was the moment, right then. There has been no other.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox, Poems of Passion|Laugh, and the world laughs with you;Weep, and you weep alone;For the sad old earth must borrow its mirth,But has trouble enough of its own.
Robert Anthony|Most people would rather be certain they're miserable, than risk being happy.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Three or four times only in my youth did I glimpse the Joyous Isles, before they were lost to fogs, depressions, cold fronts, ill winds, and contrary tides... I mistook them for adulthood. Assuming they were a fixed feature in my life's voyage, I neglected to record their latitude, their longitude, their approach. Young ruddy fool. What wouldn't I give now for a never-changing map of the ever-constant ineffable? To possess, as it were, an atlas of clouds.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Happiness, like unhappiness, is a proactive choice.
Dale Carnegie|Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have, it depends solely upon what you think.
Marlene Dietrich, Marlene Dietrich's ABC|I do not think we have a "right" to happiness. If happiness happens, say thanks.
Pearl S. Buck|To serve is beautiful, but only if it is done with joy and a whole heart and a free mind.
Shannon L. Alder|They will hate you if you are beautiful. They will hate you if you are successful. They will hate you if you are right. They will hate you if you are popular. They will hate you when you get attention. They will hate you when people in their life like you. They will hate you if you worship a different version of their God. They will hate you if you are spiritual. They will hate you if you have courage. They will hate you if you have an opinion. They will hate you when people support you. They will hate you when they see you happy. Heck, they will hate you while they post prayers and religious quotes on Pinterest and Facebook. They just hate. However, remember this: They hate you because you represent something they feel they don’t have. It really isn’t about you. It is about the hatred they have for themselves. So smile today because there is something you are doing right that has a lot of people thinking about you.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|As I focus on diligent joy, I also keep remembering a simple idea my friend Darcey told me once -- that all the sorrow and trouble of this world is caused by unhappy people. Not only in the big global Hitler-'n'-Stalin picture, but also on the smallest personal level. Even in my own life, I can see exactly where my episodes of unhappiness have brought suffering or distress or (at the very least) inconvenience to those around me. The search for contentment is, therefore, not merely a self-preserving and self-benefiting act, but also a generous gift to the world. Clearing out all your misery gets you out of the way. You cease being an obstacle, not only to yourself but to anyone else. Only then are you free to serve and enjoy other people.
Stephen Richards, Releasing You from Fear|When your back is to the wall and you are facing fear head on, the only way is forward and through it.
Irving Berlin|Got no checkbooks, got no banks. Still I'd like to express my thanks - I've got the sun in the mornin' and the moon at night.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Truly amazing, what people can get used to, as long as there are a few compensations.
Jeremy Bentham|Create all the happiness you are able to create; remove all the misery you are able to remove. Every day will allow you, --will invite you to add something to the pleasure of others, --or to diminish something of their pains.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|That is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.
Chuck Palahniuk, Rant|The big reason why folks leave a small town,' Rant used to say, 'is so they can moon over the idea of going back. And the reason they stay put is so they can moon about getting out.'Rant meant that no one is happy, anywhere.
Stephen Richards|Before you can successfully make friends with others, first you have to become your own friend.
Jane Austen, Emma|Why not seize the pleasure at once? -- How often is happiness destroyed by preparation, foolish preparation!
Socrates|He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|...is ignorance bliss, I don't know, but it's so painful to think, and tell me, what did thinking ever do for me, to what great place did thinking ever bring me? I think and think and think, I've thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.
Orson Scott Card, Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus|Happiness is not a life without pain, but rather a life in which the pain is traded for a worthy price.
Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy|Nothing is miserable unless you think it so; and on the other hand, nothing brings happiness unless you are content with it.
Seneca, The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters|For what prevents us from saying that the happy life is to have a mind that is free, lofty, fearless and steadfast - a mind that is placed beyond the reach of fear, beyond the reach of desire, that counts virtue the only good, baseness the only evil, and all else but a worthless mass of things, which come and go without increasing or diminishing the highest good, and neither subtract any part from the happy life nor add any part to it?A man thus grounded must, whether he wills or not, necessarily be attended by constant cheerfulness and a joy that is deep and issues from deep within, since he finds delight in his own resources, and desires no joys greater than his inner joys.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|When you're unhappy, you get to pay a lot of attention to yourself. And you get to take yourself oh so very seriously. Your truly happy people, which is to say, your people who truly like themselves, they don't think about themselves very much. Your unhappy person resents it when you try to cheer him up, because that means he has to stop dwellin' on himself and start payin' attention to the universe. Unhappiness is the ultimate form of self-indulgence.
Clint Eastwood|They say all marriages are made in heaven, but so are thunder and lightning.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds|Everybody has something, that one thing they must do to feel happy. I think this is yours, and I want you to be happy. You don’t have to do it, but it’s here if you choose to come back to it.
Ayn Rand, We the Living|Well, I always know what I want. And when you know what you want--you go toward it. Sometimes you go very fast, and sometimes only an inch a year. Perhaps you feel happier when you go fast. I don't know. I've forgotten the difference long ago, because it really doesn't matter, so long as you move.
Francine Rivers, Redeeming Love|Mara, that's the life I want to give you. That's what I'm offering you. I want to fill you life with color and warmth. I want to fill it with light. Give me a chance
J. Maarten Troost, Getting Stoned with Savages: A Trip Through the Islands of Fiji and Vanuatu|Paradise was always over there, a day’s sail away. But it’s a funny thing, escapism. You can go far and wide and you can keep moving on and on through places and years, but you never escape your own life. I, finally, knew where my life belonged. Home.
J. Cornell Michel, Jordan's Brains: A Zombie Evolution|I like living in my head because in there, everyone is kind and innocent. Once you start integrating yourself into the world, you realize that people are nasty, mean creatures. They're worse than zombies. People try to crush your soul and destroy your happiness, but zombies just want to have a little nibble of your brain.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|I put my hand on the altar rail. 'What if ... what if Heaven is real, but only in moments? Like a glass of water on a hot day when you're dying of thirst, or when someone's nice to you for no reason, or ...' Mam's pancakes with Toblerone sauce; Dad dashing up from the bar just to tell me, 'Sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite'; or Jacko and Sharon singing 'For She's A Squishy Marshmallow' instead of 'For She's A Jolly Good Fellow' every single birthday and wetting themselves even though it's not at all funny; and Brendan giving his old record player to me instead of one of his mates. 'S'pose Heaven's not like a painting that's just hanging there for ever, but more like ... Like the best song anyone ever wrote, but a song you only catch in snatches, while you're alive, from passing cars, or ... upstairs windows when you're lost ...
Stephen Richards|It’s not about working for money, it’s about having money work for you.
Gustave Flaubert|To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.
Hugh Downs|A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.
Mother Teresa|Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.
Lisa Unger, Sliver of Truth|I think most people are just trying to be happy, and that most of their actions, however misguided, are in line with that goal. Most people just want to feel they belong somewhere, want to be loved, and want to feel they're important to someone. If you really examine all the wrongheaded and messed-up things they do, they can most often be traced back to that basic desire. The abusers, the addicted, the cruel and unpleasant, the manipulators --these are just people who started this quest for happiness in the basement of their lives. Someone communicated to them through word or deed that they were undeserving, so they think they have to claw their way there over the backs of others, leaving scars and creating damage. Of course, they only create more misery for themselves and others.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Cinderella was such a dork. She left behind her glass slipper at the ball and then went right back to her step-monster's house. It seems to me she should have worn the glass slipper always, to make herself easier to find. I always hoped that after the prince found Cinderella and they rode away in their magnificent carriage, after a few miles she turned to him and said, "Could you drop me off down the road please? Now that I've finally escaped my life of horrific abuse, I'd like to see something of the world, you know?... I'll catch back up with you later, Prince, once I've found my own way.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|A man wants to earn money in order to be happy, and his whole effort and the best of a life are devoted to the earning of that money. Happiness is forgotten; the means are taken for the end.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|Happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won--some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it--but something to carry doggedly with you through everything, as humble and ordinary as your gear and supplies.
Edgar Allan Poe|I Hear the sledges with the bells - Silver bells! What a world of merriment their melody foretells! How they tinkle, tinkle, tinkle, In the icy air of night! While the stars that oversprinkle All the heavens, seem to twinkle With a crystalline delight; Keeping time, time, time, In a sort of Runic rhyme, To the tintinnabulation that so musically wells From the bells, bells, bells, bells, Bells, bells, bells - From the jingling and the tinkling of the bells. II Hear the mellow wedding bells - Golden bells! What a world of happiness their harmony foretells! Through the balmy air of night How they ring out their delight! - From the molten - golden notes, And all in tune, What a liquid ditty floats To the turtle - dove that listens, while she gloats On the moon! Oh, from out the sounding cells, What a gush of euphony voluminously wells! How it swells! How it dwells On the Future! - how it tells Of the rapture that impels To the swinging and the ringing Of the bells, bells, bells - Of the bells, bells, bells, bells, Bells, bells, bells - To the rhyming and the chiming of the bells! III Hear the loud alarum bells - Brazen bells! What a tale of terror, now, their turbulency tells! In the startled ear of night How they scream out their affright! Too much horrified to speak, They can only shriek, shriek, Out of tune, In a clamorous appealing to the mercy of the fire, In a mad expostulation with the deaf and frantic fire, Leaping higher, higher, higher, With a desperate desire, And a resolute endeavor Now - now to sit, or never, By the side of the pale - faced moon. Oh, the bells, bells, bells! What a tale their terror tells Of Despair! How they clang, and clash and roar! What a horror they outpour On the bosom of the palpitating air! Yet the ear, it fully knows, By the twanging, And the clanging, How the danger ebbs and flows; Yet the ear distinctly tells, In the jangling, And the wrangling, How the danger sinks and swells, By the sinking or the swelling in the anger of the bells - Of the bells - Of the bells, bells, bells, bells, Bells, bells, bells - In the clamor and the clanging of the bells! IV Hear the tolling of the bells - Iron bells! What a world of solemn thought their monody compels! In the silence of the night, How we shiver with affright At the melancholy menace of their tone! For every sound that floats From the rust within their throats Is a groan. And the people - ah, the people - They that dwell up in the steeple, All alone, And who, tolling, tolling, tolling, In that muffled monotone, Feel a glory in so rolling On the human heart a stone - They are neither man nor woman - They are neither brute nor human - They are Ghouls: - And their king it is who tolls: - And he rolls, rolls, rolls, Rolls A paean from the bells! And his merry bosom swells With the paean of the bells! And he dances, and he yells; Keeping time, time, time, In a sort of Runic rhyme, To the paean of the bells: - Of the bells: Keeping time, time, time In a sort of Runic rhyme, To the throbbing of the bells - Of the bells, bells, bells: - To the sobbing of the bells: - Keeping time, time, time, As he knells, knells, knells, In a happy Runic rhyme, To the rolling of the bells - Of the bells, bells, bells - To the tolling of the bells - Of the bells, bells, bells, bells, Bells, bells, bells, - To the moaning and the groaning of the bells. 
Elise Boulding|Frugality is one of the most beautiful and joyful words in the English language, and yet one that we are culturally cut off from understanding and enjoying. The consumption society has made us feel that happiness lies in having things, and has failed to teach us the happiness of not having things.
Abraham Lincoln|Take all that you can of this book upon reason, and the balance on faith, and you will live and die a happier man. (When a skeptic expressed surprise to see him reading a Bible)
Dan Howell|To me, the meaning of a human life is to be happy. It's to achieve happiness right now, it's to make sure you're happy in the future. And if some people on YouTube try to have a message to give people, I guess that mine is: do whatever you have to do to be happy.
Leila Sales, Past Perfect|Sometimes you get everything you ever wanted, only it doesn't look like what you wanted anymore.
Vincent Starrett|When we are collecting books, we are collecting happiness.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|In the end, the number of prayers we say may contribute to our happiness, but the number of prayers we answer may be of even greater importance.
William Faulkner, Absalom, Absalom!|If happy I can be I will, if suffer I must I can.
Roman Payne|Ô, Sunlight! The most precious gold to be found on Earth.
Iris Murdoch|Education doesn’t make you happy. Nor does freedom. We don’t become happy just because we’re free – if we are. Or because we’ve been educated – if we have. But because education may be the means by which we realize we are happy. It opens our eyes, our ears, tells us where delights are lurking, convinces us that there is only one freedom of any importance whatsoever, that of the mind, and gives us the assurance – the confidence – to walk the path our mind, our educated mind, offers.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|Watch any plant or animal and let it teach you acceptance of what is, surrender to the Now.Let it teach you Being.Let it teach you integrity — which means to be one, to be yourself, to be real.Let it teach you how to live and how to die, and how not to make living and dying into a problem.
Nenia Campbell, Endgame|Happiness is such a fragile thing, isn't it? So easily burst, like a bubble blown by a child, and always on the verge of being carried away.
Ian McEwan, Saturday|There's a taste in the air, sweet and vaguely antiseptic, that reminds him of his teenage years in these streets, and of a general state of longing, a hunger for life to begin that from this distance seems like happiness.
J. Cornell Michel, Jordan's Brains: A Zombie Evolution|The pretty ones are usually unhappy. They expect everyone to be enamored of their beauty. How can a person be content when their happiness lies in someone else's hands, ready to be crushed at any moment? Ordinary-looking people are far superior, because they are forced to actually work hard to achieve their goals, instead of expecting people to fall all over themselves to help them.
Jacques Prévert|Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.
Stephen Richards|When you fail, that is when you get closer to success.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves—say rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
Robert G. Ingersoll, On the Gods and Other Essays|Reason, Observation and Experience — the Holy Trinity of Science — have taught us that happiness is the only good; that the time to be happy is now, and the way to be happy is to make others so. This is enough for us. In this belief we are content to live and die. If by any possibility the existence of a power superior to, and independent of, nature shall be demonstrated, there will then be time enough to kneel. Until then, let us stand erect.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness|A disciplined mind leads to happiness, and an undisciplined mind leads to suffering.
Robertson Davies|Happiness is always a by-product. It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular. But it is not something that can be demanded from life, and if you are not happy you had better stop worrying about it and see what treasures you can pluck from your own brand of unhappiness.
Algernon Black|Why not let people differ about their answers to the great mysteries of the Universe? Let each seek one's own way to the highest, to one's own sense of supreme loyalty in life, one's ideal of life. Let each philosophy, each world-view bring forth its truth and beauty to a larger perspective, that people may grow in vision, stature and dedication.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Call no man happy, said Shadow, until he is dead
P.D. James, The Children of Men|I don't want anyone to look to me, not for protection, not for happiness, not for love, not for anything.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Most men either compromise or drop their greatest talents and start running after, what they perceive to be, a more reasonable success, and somewhere in between they end up with a discontented settlement. Safety is indeed stability, but it is not progression.
Ruskin Bond, A Little Book of Life|Hapiness is as exclusive as a butterfly, and you must never pursue it. If you stay very still, it may come and settle on your hand. But only briefly. Savour those moments, for they will not come in your way very often.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Finding Flow: The Psychology of Engagement with Everyday Life|If one has failed to develop curiosity and interest in the early years, it is a good idea to acquire them now, before it is too late to improve the quality of life. To do so is fairly easy in principle, but more difficult in practice. Yet it is sure worth trying. The first step is to develop the habit of doing whatever needs to be done with concentrated attention, with skill rather than inertia. Even the most routine tasks, like washing dishes, dressing, or mowing the lawn become more rewarding if we approach them with the care it would take to make a work of art. The next step is to transfer some psychic energy each day from tasks that we don’t like doing, or from passive leisure, into something we never did before, or something we enjoy doing but don’t do often enough because it seems too much trouble. There are literally millions of potentially interesting things in the world to see, to do, to learn about. But they don’t become actually interesting until we devote attention to them.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience|Contrary to what we usually believe, moments like these, the best moments in our lives, are not the passive, receptive, relaxing times—although such experiences can also be enjoyable, if we have worked hard to attain them. The best moments usually occur when a person’s body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile. Optimal experience is thus something that wemake happen. For a child, it could be placing with trembling fingers the last blockon a tower she has built, higher than any she has built so far; for a swimmer, it could be trying to beat his own record; for a violinist, mastering an intricate musical passage. For each person there are thousands of opportunities, challenges to expand ourselves.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Always remember that you were once alone, and the crowd you see in your life today are just as unecessary as when you were alone.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|...nothing wonderful lasted forever. Joy was as fleeting as a shooting star that crossed the evening sky, ready to blink out at any moment.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|If everything really does get better, the way everyone claims, then happiness should be graphable. But that's crap, because better isn't quantifiable.
Jean Anouilh, Antigone|I spit on your happiness! I spit on your idea of life--that life that must go on, come what may. You are all like dogs that lick everything they smell. You with your promise of a humdrum happiness--provided a person doesn't ask much of life. I want everything of life, I do; and I want it now! I want it total, complete: otherwise I reject it! I will not be moderate. I will not be satisfied with the bit of cake you offer me if I promise to be a good little girl. I want to be sure of everything this very day; sure that everything will be as beautiful as when I was a little girl. If not, I want to die!
Sharon Swan|I'm a happy person. If you want to be around me, you can either choose to be happy too, or follow the signs to the nearest exit!
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|We'd just shared the last beer and slung the empty can out the window at a stop sign and were just waiting back to get the feel of the day, swimming in that kind of tasty drowsiness that comes over you after a day of going hard at something you enjoy doing -- half sunburned and half drunk and keeping awake only because you wanted to savor the taste as long as you could.
Jack Johnson|We've got everything we need right here, and everything we need is enough.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness, I want sin.''In fact,' said Mustapha Mond, 'you're claiming the right to be unhappy.' 'All right then,' said the Savage defiantly, 'I'm claiming the right to be unhappy.''Not to mention the right to grow old and ugly and impotent; the right to have syphilis and cancer; the right to have too little to eat; the right to be lousy; the right to live in constant apprehension of what may happen tomorrow; the right to catch typhoid; the right to be tortured by unspeakable pains of every kind.' There was a long silence. 'I claim them all,' said the Savage at last.Mustapha Mond shrugged his shoulders. 'You're welcome," he said.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|It is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself. Infidelity does not consist in believing, or in disbelieving, it consists in professing to believe what he does not believe.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness|Sometimes when I meet old friends, it reminds me how quickly time passes. And it makes me wonder if we've utilized our time properly or not. Proper utilization of time is so important. While we have this body, and especially this amazing human brain, I think every minute is something precious. Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time. I believe that the proper utilization of time is this: if you can, serve other people, other sentient beings. If not, at least refrain from harming them. I think that is the whole basis of my philosophy.So, let us reflect what is truly of value in life, what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren't born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others. For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities—warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life becomes meaningful and more peaceful—happier.
Dean Koontz, Dead and Alive|For the likes of you, the path to happiness is one mean son of a bitch of a path.
Simon Van Booy, The Illusion of Separateness|I think people would be happier if they admitted things more often. In a sense we are all prisoners of some memory, or fear, or disappointment - we are all defined by something we can’t change.
Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby|Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes.
David Benioff, When the Nines Roll Over and Other Stories|There are a few moments in your life when you are truly and completely happy, and you remember to give thanks. Even as it happens you are nostalgic for the moment, you are tucking it away in your scrapbook.
Will Smith|If you're not making someone else's life better, then you're wasting your time. Your life will become better by making other lives better.
Janette Rallison|I've pursued dreams and achieved them, but I don't think anybody should think their life is incomplete if they don't follow some dream. Happiness doesn't come from achievements, or money, or any sort of treasure. Happiness is a frame of mind, not a destination. It's appreciating what you've got and building relationships with those around you.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|Sometimes I think of you and I feel giddy. Memory makes me lightheaded, drunk on champagne. All the things we did. And if anyone has said this was the price I would have agreed to pay it. That surprises me; that with the hurt and the mess comes a shift of recognition. It was worth it. Love is worth it.
Bertrand Russell|It is essential to happiness that our way of living should spring from our own deep impulses and not from the accidental tastes and desires of those who happen to be our neighbors, or even our relations.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|Oh, how unbearable is a happy person sometimes!
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|Life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The thing everyone should realize is that the key to happiness is being happy by yourself and for yourself. Happiness comes from within. You have the power to change your own mindset so that all the negative, horrible thoughts that try to invade your psyche are replaced with happy, positive, wonderful thoughts.
S.J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep|I want him to be happy. And I want you to be happy, too. Even if you can only find that happiness without me.
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|Today only the person who no longer believes in a happy ending, only he who has consciously renounced it, is able to live. A happy century does not exist; but there are moments of happiness, and there is freedom in the moment.
Nobuhiro Watsuki|The dead don't desire revenge, but the happiness of the livng. To dirty your small hands would bring joy to no one.-Kenshin to Eiji
Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style|Vipassana meditation is an ongoing creative purification process. Observation of the moment-to-moment experience cleanses the mental layers, one after another.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|The single greatest lesson the garden teaches is that our relationship to the planet need not be zero-sum, and that as long as the sun still shines and people still can plan and plant, think and do, we can, if we bother to try, find ways to provide for ourselves without diminishing the world. 
Frank O'Hara|When I die, don't come, I wouldn't want a leafto turn away from the sun -- it loves it there.There's nothing so spiritual about being happybut you can't miss a day of it, because it doesn't last.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|We are one of those couples i used to watch, thinking to myself that I'd never be on the inside of something so special. I remember reassuring myself that it probably looked nicer than it actually was, I am happy to be wrong about that.
Leo Babauta|The point of simple living, for me has got to be:A soft place to landA wide margin of errorRoom to breatheLots of places to find baseline happiness in each and every day
Nicholas Sparks|He was a wonderful man. And when a man is that special, you know it sooner than you think possible. You recognize it instinctively, and you're certain that no matter what happens, there will never be another one like him.
Roald Dahl|I think probably kindness is my number one attribute in a human being. I'll put it before any of the things like courage or bravery or generosity or anything else.Brian Sibley: Or brains even?Oh gosh, yes, brains is one of the least. You can be a lovely person without brains, absolutely lovely. Kindness - that simple word. To be kind - it covers everything, to my mind.If you're kind that's it.
Sarah Addison Allen|Fate never promises to tell you everything up front. You aren't always shown the path in life you're supposed to take. But if there was one thing she'd learned in the past few weeks, it was that sometimes, when you're really lucky, you meet someone with a map.
Andy Rooney|I've learned .... That when you harbor bitterness, happiness will dock elsewhere.
Eric    Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World|[Happiness is] a ghost, it’s a shadow. You can’t really chase it. It’s a by-product, a very pleasant side effect to a life lived well.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|There's little of the melancholy element in her, my lord: she is never sad but when she sleeps; and not ever sad then; for I have heard my daughter say, she hath often dreamt of unhappiness, and waked herself with laughing.
André Gide, The Immoralist|What would a narrative of happiness be like? All that can be described is what prepares it, and then what destroys it.
Staness Jonekos|If you write it down, you can make it happen.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|But pearls are for tears, the old legend says," Gilbert had objected."I'm not afraid of that. And tears can be happy as well as sad. My very happiest moments have been when I had tears in my eyes—when Marilla told me I might stay at Green Gables—when Matthew gave me the first pretty dress I ever had—when I heard that you were going to recover from the fever. So give me pearls for our troth ring, Gilbert, and I'll willingly accept the sorrow of life with its joy." -Anne
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Relationships: If you put up with it, you’re going to end up with it. Set the standard you want and don’t settle for less.
Adam Smith, The Theory of Moral Sentiments|The great source of both the misery and disorders of human life, seems to arise from over-rating the difference between one permanent situation and another. Avarice over-rates the difference between poverty and riches: ambition, that between a private and a public station: vain-glory, that between obscurity and extensive reputation. The person under the influence of any of those extravagant passions, is not only miserable in his actual situation, but is often disposed to disturb the peace of society, in order to arrive at that which he so foolishly admires. The slightest observation, however, might satisfy him, that, in all the ordinary situations of human life, a well-disposed mind may be equally calm, equally cheerful, and equally contented. Some of those situations may, no doubt, deserve to be preferred to others: but none of them can deserve to be pursued with that passionate ardour which drives us to violate the rules either of prudence or of justice; or to corrupt the future tranquillity of our minds, either by shame from the remembrance of our own folly, or by remorse from the horror of our own injustice.
Albert Camus, The Fall|Your success and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them. But to be happy it is essential not to be too concerned with others. Consequently, there is no escape. Happy and judged, or absolved and wretched.
Katherine Dunn, Geek Love|Can you be happy with the movies, and the ads, and the clothes in the stores, and the doctors, and the eyes as you walk down the street all telling you there is something wrong with you? No. You cannot be happy. Because, you poor darling baby, you believe them.
Will Rogers|Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The secret of happiness is to see all the marvels of the world, and never to forget the drops of oil on the spoon.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation, but you thoughts about it. Be aware of the thoughts you are thinking.
Horace|Happy the man, and happy he alone,he who can call today his own:he who, secure within, can say,Tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today.Be fair or foul, or rain or shinethe joys I have possessed, in spite of fate, are mine.Not Heaven itself, upon the past has power,but what has been, has been, and I have had my hour.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Love and compassion are the mother and father of a smile. We need to create more smiles in our world today. Smiles, after all, pave the way to a happy world.
Amber L.  Johnson, Puddle Jumping|Maybe if we stopped trying to achieve movie standards of greatness, we'd be happy with what we have.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|The object of this Essay is to assert one very simple principle, as entitled to govern absolutely the dealings of society with the individual in the way of compulsion and control, whether the means used be physical force in the form of legal penalties, or the moral coercion of public opinion. That principle is, that the sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or collectively in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number, is self-protection. That the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant. He cannot rightfully be compelled to do or forbear because it will be better for him to do so, because it will make him happier, because, in the opinions of others, to do so would be wise, or even right. These are good reasons for remonstrating with him, or reasoning with him, or persuading him, or entreating him, but not for compelling him, or visiting him with any evil, in case he do otherwise. To justify that, the conduct from which it is desired to deter him must be calculated to produce evil to someone else. The only part of the conduct of any one, for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign.
Alex Shakar, Luminarium|She avoids deep thought like an empty restaurant, not out of stupidity, but a canny resolve to be happy.
Tom Giaquinto|Life is so short. The only person you hurt when you stay angry or hold grudges is you. Forgive everyone, including yourself.
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|I wanted color. I wanted to soar with happiness even if it meant dealing with the weight of fear and guilt, too. I wanted to live.
Anna Gavalda, Someone I Loved|I think we go well together. I like being with you because I'm never bored. Even when we're not talking, even when we're not touching, even when we're not in the same room, I'm not bored. I'm never bored. I think it's because I have confidence in you, in your thoughts. Do you understand? I love everything I see in you, and everything I don't see. I know your faults, but as it turns out, I feel as though your faults go well with my qualities. We're not afraid of the same things. Even our inner demons go well together! You, you're worth more than you show...
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg|Man…who lives in three places – in the past, in the present, and in the future – can be unhappy if one of these three is worthless. Religion has even added a fourth – eternity.
Oscar Wilde|Pleasure is the only thing one should live for, nothing ages like happiness.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|There were two ways to be happy: improve your reality, or lower your expectations
Kresley Cole, Lothaire|When she absently worried her bottom lip with one of her adorable little fangs, he sighed..Dear gods, it’d finally happened to him.Happiness.Then his own fangs sharpened.I will kill anyone who tries to take this feeling away from me.
Henry Miller, Big Sur and the Oranges of Hieronymus Bosch|Surely every one realizes, at some point along the way, that he is capable of living a far better life than the one he has chosen.
Mario Benedetti, La tregua|De pronto tuve conciencia de que ese momento, de que esa rebanada de cotidianidad, era el grado máximo de bienestar, era la Dicha. Nunca había sido tan plenamente feliz como en ese momento, pero tenía la hiriente sensación de que nunca más volvería a serlo, por lo menos en ese grado, con esa intensidad
Besa Kosova|Money can't buy happiness, but it certainly is a stress reliever.
Deepak Chopra|Be happy for no reason, like a child. If you are happy for a reason, you’re in trouble, because that reason can be taken from you.
Thomas Bailey Aldrich|What is more cheerful, now, in the fall of the year, than an open-wood-fire? Do you hear those little chirps and twitters coming out of that piece of apple-wood? Those are the ghosts of the robins and blue-birds that sang upon the bough when it was in blossom last Spring. In Summer whole flocks of them come fluttering about the fruit-trees under the window: so I have singing birds all the year round.
David Brooks|I’ve come to think that flourishing consists of putting yourself in situations in which you lose self-consciousness and become fused with other people, experiences, or tasks. It happens sometimes when you are lost in a hard challenge, or when an artist or a craftsman becomes one with the brush or the tool. It happens sometimes while you’re playing sports, or listening to music or lost in a story, or to some people when they feel enveloped by God’s love. And it happens most when we connect with other people. I’ve come to think that happiness isn’t really produced by conscious accomplishments. Happiness is a measure of how thickly the unconscious parts of our minds are intertwined with other people and with activities. Happiness is determined by how much information and affection flows through us covertly every day and year.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|To the European, it is a characteristic of the American culture that, again and again, one is commanded and ordered to 'be happy.' But happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue. One must have a reason to 'be happy.' Once the reason is found, however, one becomes happy automatically. As we see, a human being is not one in pursuit of happiness but rather in search of a reason to become happy, last but not least, through actualizing the potential meaning inherent and dormant in a given situation.
Jalaluddin Rumi|You are an ocean in a drop of dew,all the universes in a thin sack of blood.What are these pleasures then,these joys, these worldsthat you keep reaching for,hoping they will make you more alive?
Andy Warhol|Actually, I jade very quickly. Once is usually enough. Either once only, or every day. If you do something once it’s exciting, and if you do it every day it’s exciting. But if you do it, say, twice or just almost every day, it’s not good any more.
Courtney Giardina, Holding on to Georgia|Hearts will break and people will hurt you, darling.” Her mother said. “But when you let those people control your outlook on the life, you only allow them to have a greater hold on your happiness. Once you accept the fact that every day is a new day to begin again, life becomes a much easier path to walk.
Bob Marley|Money is numbers and numbers never end. If it takes money to be happy, your search for happiness will never end.
Victoria Aveyard, Queen Song|She was happy, yes, in her own way, as best as she knew.But there’s a difference between a single candle in darkness and a sunrise.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|A doctor, a logician and a marine biologist had also just arrived, flown in at phenomenal expense from Maximegalon to try to reason with the lead singer who had locked himself in the bathroom with a bottle of pills and was refusing to come out till it could be proved conclusively to him that he wasn't a fish. The bass player was busy machine-gunning his bedroom and the drummer was nowhere on board.Frantic inquiries led to the discovery that he was standing on a beach on Santraginus V over a hundred light years away where, he claimed, he had been happy for over half an hour now and had found a small stone that would be his friend.
Jonathan Edwards, The Works of Jonathan Edwards, Vol. 17: Sermons and Discourses, 1730-1733|God is the highest good of the reasonable creature. The enjoyment of him is our proper; and is the only happiness with which our souls can be satisfied. To go to heaven, fully to enjoy God, is infinitely better than the most pleasant accommodations here. Better than fathers and mothers, husbands, wives, or children, or the company of any, or all earthly friends. These are but shadows; but the enjoyment of God is the substance. These are but scattered beams; but God is the sun. These are but streams; but God is the fountain. These are but drops, but God is the ocean.
Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter|Point me out the happy man and I will point you out either extreme egotism, selfishness, evil -- or else an absolute ignorance.
Cormac McCarthy, No Country for Old Men|I think by the time you're grown you're as happy as you're goin to be. You'll have good times and bad times, but in the end you'll be about as happy as you was before. Or as unhappy. I've knowed people that just never did get the hang of it.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|When you find yourself in need of spiritual nourishment, it is in the opportunities to serve others that you will find the abundance you seek.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Finding happiness should not be seen as finding a needle in a haystack. Happiness is within. Each day is a blessing that brings an abundance of happiness. Therefore, finding happiness should be like finding a gift in a stack of gifts.
Patch Adams|Remember laughing? Laughter enhances the blood flow to the body’s extremities and improves cardiovascular function. Laughter releases endorphins and other natural mood elevating and pain-killing chemicals, improves the transfer of oxygen and nutrients to internal organs. Laughter boosts the immune system and helps the body fight off disease, cancer cells as well as viral, bacterial and other infections. Being happy is the best cure of all diseases!
George Bernard Shaw, Misalliance|The secret of being miserable is to have leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not. The cure for it is occupation, because occupation means pre-occupation; and the pre-occupied person is neither happy nor unhappy, but simply alive and active. That is why it is necessary to happiness that one should be tired.
Julie Andrews Edwards, The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles|Have you noticed how nobody ever looks up? Nobody looks at chimneys, or trees against the sky, or the tops of buildings. Everybody just looks down at the pavement or their shoes. The whole world could pass them by and most people wouldn't notice.
Owl City|Cheer up and dry your damp eyes,And tell me when it rains,And I'll blend up that rainbow above you & shoot it through your veins...'Cause your heart has a lack of color,And we should've known That we'd grow up sooner or later,'Cause we wasted all our free time alone. <3
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|It is my observations, though, that happiness limits the amount of suffering one is willing to inflict upon others
Nikos Kazantzakis|How simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. . . . All that is required to feel that here and now is happiness is a simple, frugal heart.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow Puppets|It will hurt." said Petra. "But let's make the most of what we have, and not let future pain ruin present happiness.
Willa Cather, My Antonia|I was entirely happy. Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air. or goodness and knowledge. At any rate, that is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, Alice Alone|You don't have to be part of a couple to be happy, you know.
Bethenny Frankel, A Place of Yes: 10 Rules for Getting Everything You Want Out of Life|The business of being happy requires making a conscious choice. People think being happy will just happen to them someday, if only they do this or that right. But it doesn't - you have to choose it. You choose happiness, you don't wait for it to choose you.
Stef Penney, The Tenderness of Wolves|Clearly the secret of happiness...is a variation on the general principle of banging your head against a wall, and then stopping.
Hunter S. Thompson, The Rum Diary|She laughed. 'It won't last. Nothing lasts. But I'm happy now.''Happy,' I muttered, trying to pin the word down. But it is one of those words, like Love, that I have never quite understood. Most people who deal in words don't have much faith in them and I am no exception--especially the big ones like Happy and Love and Honest and Strong. They are too elusive and far too relative when you compare them to sharp, mean little words like Punk and Cheap and Phony. I feel at home with these, because they're scrawny and easy to pin, but the big ones are tough and it takes either a priest or a fool to use them with any confidence.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|I promise you that the same stuff galaxies are made of, you are. The same energy that swings planets around stars makes electrons dance in your heart. It is in you, outside you, you are it. It is beautiful. Trust in this. And you your life will be grand.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|Some people think they can find satisfaction in good food, fine clothes, lively music, and sexual pleasure. However, when they have all these things, they are not satisfied. They realize happiness is not simply having their material needs met. Thus, society has set up a system of rewards that go beyond material goods. These include titles, social recognition, status, and political power, all wrapped up in a package called self-fulfillment. Attracted by these prizes and goaded on by social pressure, people spend their short lives tiring body and mind to chase after these goals. Perhaps this gives them the feeling that they have achieved something in their lives, but in reality they have sacrificed a lot in life. They can no longer see, hear, act, feel, or think from their hearts. Everything they do is dictated by whether it can get them social gains. In the end, they've spent their lives following other people's demands and never lived a life of their own. How different is this from the life of a slave or a prisoner?
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee,One clover, and a bee,And revery.The revery alone will do,If bees are few.
Margaret Lee Runbeck|Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|IN THE HANDS OF MANHe who creates a poison, also has the cure.He who creates a virus, also has the antidote.He who creates chaos, also has the ability to create peace.He who sparks hate, also has the ability to transform it to love.He who creates misery, also has the ability to destroy it with kindness.He who creates sadness, also has the ability to to covert it to happiness.He who creates darkness, can also be awakened to produce illumination.He who spreads fear, can also be shaken to spread comfort.Any problems created by the left hand of man,Can also be solved with the right,For he who manifests anything,Also has the ability toDestroy it.
Hank Moody|Good morning, Hell-A. In the land of the lotus-eaters, time plays tricks on you. One day you’re dreaming, the next, your dream has become your reality. It was the best of times. If only someone had told me. Mistakes were made, hearts were broken, harsh lessons learned. My family goes on without me, while I drown in a sea of pointless pussy. I don’t know how I got here. But here I am, rotting away in the warm California sun. There are things I need to figure out, for her sake, at least. The clock is ticking. The gap is widening. She won’t always love me “no matter what
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Happiness in this world, when it comes, comes incidentally. Make it the object of pursuit, and it leads us a wild-goose chase, and is never attained. Follow some other object, and very possibly we may find that we have caught happiness without dreaming of it.
pleasefindthis, Intentional Dissonance|You must remember this feeling, Jon.The feeling of being happy. It doesn't happen often but when it does, you must grab it with both hands and hold it close. Let it overwhelm you. Don'tover analyse any emotion. But remember it. Always remember it.
Steven Galloway, The Cellist of Sarajevo|She felt an enveloping happiness to be alive, a joy made stronger by the certainty that someday it would all come to an end. Afterward she felt a little foolish, and never spoke to anyone about it. Now, however, she knows she wasn't being foolish. She realizes that for no particular reason she stumbled into the core of what it is to be human. It's a rare gift to under stand that you life is wondrous, and that it won't last forever. 
Pablo|Stay away from conflictive, negative people that pull you down, because they contaminate your energy and impede your progress. Search for people who look at the world with optimism, that inspire you, make you happy and provide peace of mind.
Syrie James, The Lost Memoirs of Jane Austen|I believe there is a kind of happiness to be found in every thing in life, in all that is good and pleasing, as well as in that which is sad or poignant.
Erol Ozan|In pursuit of happiness, smart people often end up dumbing down themselves.
Julian Gough, Juno & Juliet|Love, I thought to myself abstractedly. Not 'This is love' or 'Is this love?' Not a sentence, not a certainty, not a thought with moving parts or direction. Just love, all of it, as it is. Whether it's enough or not. Wthether it's real or we're making it up. However shoddy it gets, or bent out of shape. It's still extraordinary. However foolish, however vain. However badly it ends. Love.
Todd Garlington|Once people said: Give me liberty or give me death. Now they say: Make me a slave, just pay me enough.
Malori Howell|The decision is mine, and I choose happiness
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|But, like all happiness, it did not last long…
Vladimir Nabokov|Why did I hope we would be happy abroad? A change of environment is that traditional fallacy upon which doomed loves, and lungs, rely.
Eileen A. Soper|Lord, make me nowAs happy as the field.With flowers enriched...
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|The tragedy of this world is that no one is happy, whether stuck in a time of pain or joy.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|Much of what we called "depression" was really dissatisfaction, a result of setting a bar impossibly high or expecting treasures we weren't willing to work for.
Dale Carnegie|Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think. So start each day by thinking of all the things you have to be thankful for. Your future will depend very largely on the thoughts you think today. So think thoughts of hope and confidence and love and success.
Slavoj Žižek|Happiness was never important. The problem is that we don't know what we really want. What makes us happy is not to get what we want. But to dream about it. Happiness is for opportunists. So I think that the only life of deep satisfaction is a life of eternal struggle, especially struggle with oneself. If you want to remain happy, just remain stupid. Authentic masters are never happy; happiness is a category of slaves.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|I earnestly wish to point out in what true dignity and human happiness consists. I wish to persuade women to endeavor to acquire strength, both of mind and body, and to convince them that the soft phrases, susceptibility of heart, delicacy of sentiment, and refinement of taste, are almost synonymous with epithets of weakness, and that those beings are only the objects of pity, and that kind of love which has been termed its sister, will soon become objects of contempt.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The crowning fortune of a man is to be born to some pursuit which finds him employment and happiness, whether it be to make baskets, or broadswords, or canals, or statues, or songs.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Happily Single" is recognizing that you don’t need or want to be rescued from your life by a handsome prince because your life is pretty awesome, as is.
John Connolly, The Infernals|There's a difference between living and just surviving. Do something you love, and find someone to love who loves that you love what you do.It is really that simple.And that hard.
Irina Binder, Fluturi|You know what my father told me when I was little, one day, when he found me crying? He told me that God gave people a fixed number of tears and are of two kinds: tears of sadness and tears of happiness. And that I should not waste my tears elsewhere, but keep them for the moments of happiness. Would be a shame to not have tears to cry then ... 
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|She still cared for me, and the best way I could make amends to her was to be happy.I do have a knack for finding great women.
Faraaz Kazi|Remember, someone, somewhere in some corner of this somewhat big world, is out there crying if you’re unhappy and is happy if you are! And you know who that someone is!
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|Wake up! If you knew for certain that you had a terminal illness - if you had precious little time left to make use of your life and consider who you are, you'd not waste time on self-indulgence or fear, lethargy or ambition. Be happy now, without reason - or you never will be at all.
Shan Sa, The Girl Who Played Go|Happiness is something you lay siege to, it is a battle like a game of go. I will take hold of all the pain and snuff it out.
Jeremy Aldana|Insecurities have the ability to shape and mold our minds to live with everything that’s bad; like crying on the inside, while smiling on the outside…thus creating pain…but, alas, I have the answer; forget about what you thought and enjoy (embrace) what you feel
Irène Némirovsky, Jezebel|Deep within everyone's heart there always remains a sense of longing for that hour, that summer, that one brief moment of blossoming. For several weeks or months, rarely longer, a beautiful young woman lives outside ordinary life. She is intoxicated. She feels as if she exists beyond time, beyond its laws; she experiences not the monotonous succession of days passing by, but moments of intense, almost desperate happiness.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|My request today is simple. Today. Tomorrow. Next week. Find somebody, anybody, that’s different than you. Somebody that has made you feel ill-will or even hateful. Somebody whose life decisions have made you uncomfortable. Somebody who practices a different religion than you do. Somebody who has been lost to addiction. Somebody with a criminal past. Somebody who dresses “below” you. Somebody with disabilities. Somebody who lives an alternative lifestyle. Somebody without a home.Somebody that you, until now, would always avoid, always look down on, and always be disgusted by.Reach your arm out and put it around them.And then, tell them they’re all right. Tell them they have a friend. Tell them you love them.If you or I wanna make a change in this world, that’s where we’re gonna be able to do it. That’s where we’ll start.Every. Single. Time.
Dick Francis, Reflex|Most people think, when they're young, that they're going to the top of their chosen world, and that the climb up is only a formality. Without that faith, I suppose, they might never start. Somewhere on the way they lift their eyes to the summit and know they aren't going to reach it; and happiness then is looking down and enjoying the view they've got, not envying the one they haven't.
Victoria Moran, Lit From Within: Tending Your Soul For Lifelong Beauty|Because I was more often happy for other people, I got to spend more time being happy. And as I saw more light in everybody else, I seemed to have more myself. (250)
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable.
Ray Bradbury|We have everything we need to be happy, but we aren't happy. Something's missing.
Helen B. Andelin|Happiness comes from righteous living and the development of a noble character. You can observe this by noticing that people who are truly happy are honest, unselfish, kind, responsible and have a high moral standards. On the other hand, unhappy people are invariably selfish, lazy, irresponsible and lacking of self discipline. And people who are miserable tend to be immoral, dishonest, greedy, cruel, or in other ways dark in character. 
Allison Winn Scotch|Happiness is what you choose, what you follow, not what follows you. These are the things I have seen, these are the things I now know, these are the things I will carry with me as I go.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|A life of happiness, peace, and love is all within our grasp.
Carlos Barrios|my child, if you want to have a beautiful and happy life... 2 things you need... learn the art of love and practice it with your beloved one.
Swami Satchidananda|When you win and the other fellow loses, what do you see? A losing face. There is great joy in losing and making the other person win and have a happy face. Who will be the happiest person? The one who brings happiness to others.
Quentin Crisp|The British do not expect happiness. I had the impression, all the time that I lived there, that they do not want to be happy; they want to be right.
Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!|You will be your best self when you take time to understand what you really need, feel and want.
Sarah Noffke, Revived|Taking a risk to survive isn’t that impressive. Taking a risk to be happy, that takes guts.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters, Volume 1|The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting. This is the treason of the artist: a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain. If you can’t lick ‘em, join ‘em. If it hurts, repeat it. But to praise despair is to condemn delight, to embrace violence is to lose hold of everything else. We have almost lost hold; we can no longer describe a happy man, nor make any celebration of joy.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|He went to the church, and walked about the streets, and watched the people hurrying to and for, and patted the children on the head, and questioned beggars, and looked down into the kitchens of homes, and up to the windows, and found that everything could yield him pleasure. He had never dreamed of any walk, that anything, could give him so much happiness. (p. 119)
Lauren Oliver, Hana|And for a moment―for a split second―everything else falls away, the whole pattern and order of my life, and a huge joy crests in my chest. I am no one, and I owe nothing to anybody, and my life is my own.
Jason Mraz|Last weekend a young man asked me how I remain so positive. “It seems all the negativity in the world doesn’t affect you,” he said. I had no more than a minute with the young man so I offered this: It’s all about where you choose to put your attention, and I choose to be happy.
Voltaire|We all look for happiness, but without knowing where to find it: like drunkards who look for their house, knowing dimly that they have one
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|Sometimes when you're young, you have moments of such happiness, you think you're living on someplace magical, like Atlantis must have been. Then we grow up and our hearts break into two.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|I sit quietly and think about my mom. It's funny how memory erodes, If all I had to work from were my childhood memories, my knowledge of my mother would be faded and soft, with a few sharp memories standing out.
Guillaume Musso, Que serais-je sans toi?|We are young, but We already know that in life's great game those who are most unhappy are those who haven't taken the risk to be happy. And I don't want to be one of those
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|They luxuriated in the feeling of deep and all pervading satisfaction, a feeling of knowing absolutely that all was well with the world and them and that the world was not only their oyster it was also their linguine with clam sauce. Not only were all things possible, but all things were theirs. 
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Erase from your vocabulary the word “someday.” Do not save things for “special occasions.” Take into account the fact that every day is special. Every day is a gift that we must appreciate and be thankful for. Wear your attractive clothes, wear your nice perfume, use your fine silverware and dishes, and drink from your expensive crystal glasses … just because. Live every day to the fullest and savor every minute of it.
James Patterson, Max|Max." Fang let go of my hand. "Right now, it's really all about—us." He swooped down to the right in a big semicircle, ending facing me. Slowly we climbed upward, until we were almost vertical, flying straight up to the sun. While carefully synchronizing our wings—they almost touched—Fang leaned in, gently put one hand behind my neck, and kissed me. It was just about as close to heaven as I'll ever get, I guess. I closed my eyes, lost in the feeling of flying and kissing and being with the one person in the world I completely,utterly trusted. When we finally broke apart, we looked down at the others, who were way far below us now. Angel was shading her eyes, looking up at us with a big smile. She was sitting on a dolphin's back, and I hoped soon someone would explain to the dolphin that he shouldn't let Angel take advantage of his good nature. Still looking up at us, Angel gave us a big thumbs-up. "She approves," Fang said with a hint of amusement."Jeez," I wondered aloud. "Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|I had always been taught that the pursuit of happiness was my natural (even national) birthright. It is the emotional trademark of my culture to seek happiness. Not just any kind of happiness, either, but profound happiness, even soaring happiness. And what could possibly bring a person more soaring happiness than romantic love.
Gabrielle Bernstein, May Cause Miracles: A 40-Day Guidebook of Subtle Shifts for Radical Change and Unlimited Happiness|When we fulfill our function, which is to truly love ourselves and share love with others, then true happiness sets in.
Michael Cunningham|It had seemed like the beginning of happiness, and Clarissa is still sometimes shocked, more than thirty years later to realize that it was happiness; that the entire experience lay in a kiss and a walk. The anticipation of dinner and a book. The dinner is by now forgotten; Lessing has been long overshadowed by other writers. What lives undimmed in Clarissa's mind more than three decades later is a kiss at dusk on a patch of dead grass, and a walk around a pond as mosquitoes droned in the darkening air. There is still that singular perfection, and its perfect in part because it seemed, at the time, so clearly to promise more. Now she knows: That was the moment, right then. There has been no other.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|Yes, faith; it is my cousin's duty to make curtsy and say 'Father, as it please you.' But yet for all that, cousin, let him be a handsome fellow, or else make another curtsy and say 'Father, as it please me.
David O. McKay|Well,’ you may ask, ‘how may I know when I am in love?’. . . George Q. Morris [who later became a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, gave this reply]: ‘My mother once said that if you meet a girl in whose presence you feel a desire to achieve, who inspires you to do your best, and to make the most of yourself, such a young woman is worthy of your love and is awakening love in your heart.
John Waters|A psychiatrist once told me early in treatment, “Stop trying to make me like you,” and what a sobering and welcome smack in the face that statement was. Yet somehow, every day of my life is still a campaign for popularity, or better yet, a crowded funeral.
Malcolm Forbes|To live long and achieve happiness, cultivate the art of radiating happiness.
Daniel Willey|If we live our lives looking for the excitement and exhilaration that change can bring, we will be much happier than when we are eventually forced to accept it anyways.
David J. Pollay, The Law of the Garbage Truck: How to Respond to People Who Dump on You, and How to Stop Dumping on Others|Many people are like garbage trucks. They run around full of garbage, full of frustration, full of anger, and full of disappointment. As their garbage piles up, they look for a place to dump it. And if you let them, they’ll dump it on you. So when someone wants to dump on you, don’t take it personally. Just smile, wave, wish them well, and move on. Believe me. You’ll be happier.
Hugh Laurie|I would cling to unhappiness because it was a known, familiar state. When I was happier, it was because I knew I was on my way back to misery. I've never been convinced that happiness is the object of the game. I'm wary of happiness.
J.C. Ryle, A Call to Prayer|Happiness does not depend on outward circumstances, but on the state of the heart.
David O. McKay, Pathways to Happiness|Happiness consists not of having, but of being; not of possessing, but of enjoying. It is a warm glow of the heart at peace with itself. A martyr at the stake may have happiness that a king on his throne might envy. Man is the creator of his own happiness. It is the aroma of life, lived in harmony with high ideals. For what a man has he may be dependent upon others; what he is rests with him alone.
George Santayana|To be happy you must have taken the measure of your powers, tasted the fruits of your passion, and learned your place in the world.
Anna Pavlova|When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away. 
Sanhita Baruah|It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.
Lloyd C. Douglas, The Robe|Our life is like a land journey, too even and easy and dull over long distances across the plains, too hard and painful up the steep grades; but, on the summits of the mountain, you have a magnificent view--and feel exalted--and your eyes are full of happy tears--and you want to sing--and wish you had wings! And then--you can't stay there, but must continue your journey--you begin climbing down the other side, so busy with your footholds that your summit experience is forgotten.
Gina Lake, What about Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment|When we give freely, we feel full and complete; when we withhold, we feel small, petty, impotent, and lacking. We are meant to learn this great truth, that giving fulfills us, while withholding and trying to get causes us to feel empty and even more needy. This truth runs counter to our programming, which drives us to try to get something from others to fulfill our neediness, only to end up even more needy, grasping, lacking, and unfulfilled.
Bethenny Frankel, A Place of Yes: 10 Rules for Getting Everything You Want Out of Life|Make the most of every moment. Get excited about every little thing. Why not? Why not have your wonderful moment of excited anticipation? Why not be happy NOW? This is my greatest challenge, but something I'm pouring my heart into: learning how to enjoy what I have, right here, right now. Every moment is precious and although sometimes I struggle to see it, I see it more and more every day.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|A dim vastness is spread before our souls; the perceptions of our mind are as obscure as those of our vision... But alas! when we have attained our object, when the distant 'there' becomes the present 'here,' all is changed; we are as poor and circumscribed as ever, and our souls still languish for unattainable happiness.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|People, he thought, were as hungry for a sight of joy as he had always been--for a moment's relief from that gray load of suffering which seemed so inexplicable and unnecessary. He had never been able to understand why men should be unhappy.
Toni Morrison, Paradise|How exquisitely human was the wish for permanent happiness, and how thin human imagination became trying to achieve it.
E.M. Forster, Where Angels Fear to Tread|The advance of regret can be so gradual that it is impossible to say "yesterday I was happy, today I am not.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I am thankful when I am hungry because then I know that when I eat, the food will taste better. Life has taught me that my true contentment rests in hope, and the pleasure itself is secondary. It is self-awareness, not happiness, that maintains peace.
Shel Silverstein|If you are a dreamer, come in,If you are a dreamer, a wisher, a liar,A hope-er, a pray-er, a magic bean buyer...If you're a pretender, come sit by my fireFor we have some flax-golden tales to spin. Come in!Come in!
Deborah Day|Nourishing yourself in a way that helps you blossom in the direction you want to go is attainable, and you are worth the effort.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Well, I am happy, and I won't fret, but it does seem as if the more one gets the more one wants…
Millard Kaufman, Bowl of Cherries|Happiness, it has been observed, is best achieved by those who have been most unhappy heretofore.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|The most detestable wickedness, the most horrid cruelties, and the greatest miseries, that have afflicted the human race have had their origin in this thing called revelation, or revealed religion. It has been the most dishonourable belief against the character of the divinity, the most destructive to morality, and the peace and happiness of man, that ever was propagated since man began to exist. It is better, far better, that we admitted, if it were possible, a thousand devils to roam at large, and to preach publicly the doctrine of devils, if there were any such, than that we permitted one such impostor and monster as Moses, Joshua, Samuel, and the Bible prophets, to come with the pretended word of God in his mouth, and have credit among us.Whence arose all the horrid assassinations of whole nations of men, women, and infants, with which the Bible is filled; and the bloody persecutions, and tortures unto death and religious wars, that since that time have laid Europe in blood and ashes; whence arose they, but from this impious thing called revealed religion, and this monstrous belief that God has spoken to man? The lies of the Bible have been the cause of the one, and the lies of the Testament of the other.
Steve Maraboli|Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.
Groucho Marx|Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today.
Cora Carmack, Finding It|The best parts of life are the things we can't plan. And it's a lot harder to find happiness if you're only searching in one place. Sometimes, you just have to throw away the map. Admit that you don't know where you're going and stop pressuring yourself to figure it out. Besides...a map is a life someone else already lived. It's more fun to make your own.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|...the face has limited space. My mother used to say, if you fill your face with laughing, there will be no more room for crying.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|After all, is not a real Hell better than a manufactured Heaven?
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Take responsibility for your own happiness, do not expect people or things to bring you happiness, or you could be disappointed.
Steve Goodier|An important decision I made was to resist playing the Blame Game. The day I realized that I am in charge of how I will approach problems in my life, that things will turn out better or worse because of me and nobody else, that was the day I knew I would be a happier and healthier person. And that was the day I knew I could truly build a life that matters.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|The negation of severe suffering was the nearest approach to happiness I expected to know. Besides, I seemed to hold two lives - the life of thought, and that of reality.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Justice is the only worship.Love is the only priest.Ignorance is the only slavery.Happiness is the only good.The time to be happy is now,The place to be happy is here,The way to be happy is to make others so.Wisdom is the science of happiness.
Lana Del Rey|The road is long, we carry on, try to have fun in the meantime.
Matthieu Ricard, Happiness: A Guide to Developing Life's Most Important Skill|We try to fix the outside so much, but our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory.
Colum McCann, Zoli|Where happiness was not a possibility, the illusion of it was always more important.
Martha Medeiros|You start dying slowly if you do not travel, if you do not read, If you do not listen to the sounds of life, If you do not appreciate yourself.You start dying slowly When you kill your self-esteem; When you do not let others help you.You start dying slowly If you become a slave of your habits, Walking everyday on the same paths…If you do not change your routine, If you do not wear different colours Or you do not speak to those you don’t know.You start dying slowly If you avoid to feel passion And their turbulent emotions; Those which make your eyes glisten And your heart beat fast.You start dying slowly If you do not change your life when you are not satisfied with your job, or with your love, If you do not risk what is safe for the uncertain, If you do not go after a dream, If you do not allow yourself, At least once in your lifetime, To run away from sensible advice.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Life isn't all grand, but it isn't all miserable either.  There's both sweet and sour in every day.  So why focus on the ugly when you can gaze at what's beautiful?  Concentrate on the good.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Live your life, sing your song. Not full of expectations. Not for the ovations. But for the joy of it.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Happiness is good, but well-overrated: what we hate most are the very motivators that put us in gear. A man drifts along with little to contribute until something agitates him enough to make a difference, whether for himself or for his communities.
George Washington, Writings|To enlarge the sphere of social happiness is worthy of the benevolent design of a Masonic institution; and it is most fervently to be wished, that the conduct of every member of the fraternity, as well as those publications, that discover the principles which actuate them, may tend to convince mankind that the grand object of Masonry is to promote the happiness of the human race.]
William Shakespeare|When I saw you, I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew
Jesse Browner|We are all doomed to seek our own happiness; we can't help ourselves. We are all, the cruel and the gentle alike, condemned to seeking that happiness in the dark. We use our need as the blind use a walking stick, to determine the safety of every forward step. 
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Making money isn't hard in itself,what's hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting your life to
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Learn to love someone when they least deserve it, because that is when they need your love most.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, Your Dreams Will Not Die|Today, just take time to smell the roses, enjoy those little things about your life, your family, spouse, friends, job. Forget about the thorns -the pains and problems they cause you - and enjoy life
Bertolt Brecht|Everyone chases after happiness, not noticing that happiness is at their heels.
Zhuangzi|I cannot tell if what the world considers ‘happiness’ is happiness or not. All I know is that when I consider the way they go about attaining it, I see them carried away headlong, grim and obsessed, in the general onrush of the human herd, unable to stop themselves or to change their direction. All the while they claim to be just on the point of attaining happiness.
Esmeralda Santiago, Conquistadora|I learned you pay for your happiness. That's why I don't expect to be happy all the time. I'd rather be surprised by one moment every so often to remind me that joy is possible, even if I have to pay for it later.
Marcel Duchamp|I like living, breathing better than working...my art is that of living. Each second, each breath is a work which is inscribed nowhere, which is neither visual nor cerebral, it's a sort of constant euphoria.
Marian Keyes, Watermelon|when happiness makes a guest appearance in one's life,it's important to make the most of it.It may not stay around for long and when it has gone wouldn't it be terrible to think that all the time one could have been happy was wasted worrying when the happiness would be taken away.
Brandon Boyd|I learned from a very young age that if I persued the things that truly excited me, that they would reward in more important ways, like happiness.
Sheryl Crow|if it makes you happy, then why the hell are you so sad?
David Thewlis, The Late Hector Kipling|I want that. I want that awful intense and serious unhappiness, cos then I might feel better, and then I might be happy.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|Then the world will be for the common people, and the sounds of happiness will reach the deepest springs. Ah! Come! People of every land, how can you not be roused.
April Genevieve Tucholke, Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea|Freddie often fold me that you've got to be happy when you can, because life won't wait for you to take the time. And she was right.
Landon Parham, First Night of Summer|All things, even the deepest sorrow or the most profound happiness are all temporary. Hope is fuel for the soul, without hope, forward motion ceases.
Timothy Findley|... too much brooding, not enough doing.
أحمد خالد توفيق|تعرفون اني لم أكن ملاكا طيلة الوقت , و أن الخلافات كانت تحدث من حيت لآخر , لكن لو نظرت للصورة الإجمالية من بعيد -حين تختفي البقع السوداء الصغيرةلأدركت اننا سعيدين حقا ..
Wayne W. Dyer, Your Erroneous Zones|Acceptance means no complaining, and happiness means no complaining about the things over which you can do nothing.
Toni Morrison|I want to feel what I feel. What's mine. Even if it's not happiness, whatever that means. Because you're all you've got.
Charles Caleb Colton|Men spend their lives in anticipations,—in determining to be vastly happy at some period when they have time. But the present time has one advantage over every other—it is our own. Past opportunities are gone, future have not come. We may lay in a stock of pleasures, as we would lay in a stock of wine; but if we defer the tasting of them too long, we shall find that both are soured by age.
Claire Chilton|The secret to happiness is the journey, not the destination.
Anton Chekhov, About Love and Other Stories|Three o'clock in the morning. The soft April night is looking at my windows and caressingly winking at me with its stars. I can't sleep, I am so happy.
Petar Dunov|If you pursue happiness, you are an ordinary person. If happiness pursues you, you are an extraordinary person. Do not chase happiness; let it chase you.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|LEONATOWell, then, go you into hell?BEATRICENo, but to the gate; and there will the devil meet me, like an old cuckold, with horns on his head, and say 'Get you to heaven, Beatrice, get you to heaven; here's no place for you maids:' so deliver I up my apes, and away to Saint Peter for the heavens; he shows me where the bachelors sit, and there live we as merry as the day is long.
Shannon L. Alder|When you let go of control and commit yourself to happiness, it is so easy to offer compassion and forgiveness. This propels you from the past, into the present. People that are negative, spend so much time trying to control situations and blame others for their problems. Committing yourself to staying positive is a daily mantra that states, “I have control over how I plan to react, feel, think and believe in the present. No one guides the tone of my life, except me!
Michel Foucault, Anti-Oedipus: Capitalism and Schizophrenia|Do not think that one has to be sad in order to be militant, even though the thing one is fighting is abominable.
Curtis Sittenfeld, The Man of My Dreams|I wanted to hold happiness in reserve, like a bottle of champagne. I postponed it because I was afraid, because I overvalued it, and then I didn't want to use it up, because what do you wish for then?
Joseph Smith Jr.|The exaltation and happiness of any community, goes hand in hand with the knowledge possessed by the people, when applied to laudable ends; whereupon we can exclaim like the wise man; righteousness exalteth a nation; for righteousness embraces knowledge and knowledge is power.
Jaeda DeWalt|All the external adoration, respect and adulation in the word, can't drown out the internal voices that tell us, we are not good enough and unworthy of; happiness, love and an abundant life. When we need others to tell us were amazing, worthy and lovable, in order to feel good about ourselves, it is never enough. It goes into the bottomless pit where our inherent self-worth should be. It may feel like we are reaching out to receive love, but in actuality, we are seeking external noise to help drown out our negative core beliefs.Love blossoms from the inside out. That is why it is so important to do the work necessary to heal our emotional wounds, to love ourselves and stand strong in who we are. Only then, are we truly free to give and receive love, unconditionally and in abundance.
Boris Pasternak|And so it turned out that only a life similar to the life of those around us, merging with it without a ripple, is genuine life, and that an unshared happiness is not happiness.
David Eddings, Sorceress of Darshiva|Zakath stared at the floor. 'I suddenly feel very helpless,' he admitted, 'and I don't like the feeling. I've been rather effectively dethroned, you know. This morning I was the Emperor of the largest nation on earth; this afternoon, I'm going to be a vagabond.'You might find it refreshing,' Silk told him lightly.Shut up, Kheldar,' Zakath said almost absently. He looked back at Polgara. 'You know something rather peculiar?'What's that?'Even if I hadn't given my word, I'd still have to go to Kell. It's almost like a compulsion. I feel as if I'm being driven, and my driver is a blindfolded girl who's hardly more than a child.'There are rewards,' she told him.Such as what?'Who knows? Happiness, perhaps.'He laughed ironically. 'Happiness has never been a driving ambition of mine, Lady Polgara, not for a long time now.'You may have to accept it anyway,' She smiled. 'We aren't allowed to choose our rewards any more than we are our tasks. Those decisions are made for us.
Elizabeth Knox, Dreamhunter|Happiness had never been like this before. Now it came like sun showers, the sun and the rain together. Happiness was happier than it had been - sharp, piercing, and snatched, like a breath while swimming in surf.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|Being wealthy isn't just a question of having lots of money. It's a question of what we want. Wealth isn't an absolute, it's relative to desire. Every time we seek something that we can't afford, we can be counted as poor, how much money we may actually have.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.
Debra Anastasia|Don't put off happiness you can have today. Tomorrow is a hope, not a promise
Roman Payne|Champagne arrived in flûtes on trays, and we emptied them with gladness in our hearts... for when feasts are laid and classical music is played, where champagne is drunk once the sun has sunk and the season of summer is alive in spicy bloom, and beautiful women fill the room, and are generous with laughter and smiles... these things fill men's hearts with joy and remind one that life’s bounty is not always fleeting but can be captured, and enjoyed. It is in writing about this scene that I relive this night in my soul.
Herman Melville, Bartleby the Scrivener|Ah, happiness courts the light so we deem the world is gay. But misery hides aloof so we deem that misery there is none.
Bronnie Ware, The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing|There is a fine line between compassion and a victim mentality. Compassion though is a healing force and comes from a place of kindness towards yourself. Playing the victim is a toxic waste of time that not only repels other people, but also robs the victim of ever knowing true happiness.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|There were times when I lifted my face to the sky, stretched my arms wide to the winter night, and laughed out loud, so happy was I.The memory of it makes me laugh now, but not from happiness.Be careful what you show the world.You never know when the wolf is watching.
Cindy Bonner, The Passion of Dellie O'Barr|And I don't believe in such a thing as "happily ever after". There's only happily every now and then. I find the hardest trick is to recognize the now-and-thens, and to bask in them when they come. Happiness is a choice we make, like how to wear our hair, or having coffee with breakfast and tea at night.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.
Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan|He saw in happiness the seeds of independence, and in independence the seeds of revolt.
Jennifer Michael Hecht, The Happiness Myth: The Historical Antidote to What Isn't Working Today|How was life before Pop-Tarts, Prozac and padded playgrounds? They ate strudel, took opium and played on the grass.
John Powell, Will the Real Me Please Stand Up?: 25 Guidelines for Good Communication|Honest, open communication is the only street that leads us into the real world... We then begin to grow as never before. And once we are on this road, happiness cannot be far away.
Barbara Kingsolver|In Kilanga, people knew nothing of things they might have had - a Frigidaire? a washer-dryer combination? Really, they'd sooner imagine a tree that could pull up its feet and go bake bread. It didn't occur to them to feel sorry for themselves.
Lorraine Zago Rosenthal, Other Words for Love|She was wearing her fuzzy pink hat and she was happy, which was so obnoxious. She'd become one of those people who waltzed through life without so much as a split end, and I was still one of those people who changed diapers for free but still got treated like a rented mule.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|She'd spoken of their happiness as though it were an undeniable fact, no matter what happened--apart from everything else and not subject to it. It was a new idea for him, that happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won--some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it--but something to carry doggedly with you through everything, as humble and ordinary as your gear and supplies. Food, weapons, happiness.With hope that the weapons could in time vanish from the picture.
Epicurus|When, therefore, we maintain that pleasure is the end, we do not mean the pleasures of profligates and those that consist in sensuality, as is supposed by some who are either ignorant or disagree with us or do not understand, but freedom from pain in the body and from trouble in the mind. For it is not continuous drinkings and revelings, nor the satisfaction of lusts, nor the enjoyment of fish and other luxuries of the wealthy table, which produce a pleasant life, but sober reasoning, searching out the motives for all choice and avoidance, and banishing mere opinions, to which are due the greatest disturbance of the spirit.
Michel de Montaigne|There is indeed a certain sense of gratification when we do a good deed that gives us inward satisfaction, and a generous pride that accompanies a good conscience…These testimonies of a good conscience are pleasant; and such a natural pleasure is very beneficial to us; it is the only payment that can never fail. “On Repentance
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Be consistent in your dedication to showing your gratitude to others. Gratitude is a fuel, a medicine, and spiritual and emotional nourishment.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|He had awoken too late for happiness, but not for strength, and could feel an austere joy, as of a warrior who is homeless but stands fully armed.
C.J. Carlyon|Love me like Saturday night, like three glasses of champagne, like the room is spinning, like you're drunk on my love.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|LEONATOWell, niece, I hope to see you one day fitted with a husband.BEATRICENot till God make men of some other metal than earth. Would it not grieve a woman to be overmastered with a pierce of valiant dust? to make an account of her life to a clod of wayward marl? No, uncle, I'll none: Adam's sons are my brethren; and, truly, I hold it a sin to match in my kindred.
George Alexiou|What is given to you is what is needed; what you want, requires giving up what you don't need.
Gabrielle Williams, Beatle Meets Destiny|And hard times are good in their own way, too. Because the only way you can achieve true happiness is if you experience true sadness as well. It's all about light and shade. Balance.
Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"|I'm so alive.As I stand facing the beauty of the never-ending Pacific Ocean, a late afternoon breeze blows down from the hills behind. As always, it is a beautiful day. The sun is making its final descent. The magic is about to begin. The skies are ready to burn with brilliance, as it turns from a soft blue to a bright orange. Looking towards the West, I stare in awe at the hypnotic power of the waves. A giant curl begins to take form, then breaks with a thundering clap as it crashes on the shore.
Peter Høeg, Smilla's Sense of Snow|When my mother didn't come back I realized that any moment could be the last. Nothing in life should simply be a passage from one place to another. Each walk should be taken as if it is the only thing you have left. You can demand something like this of yourself as an unattainable ideal. After that, you have to remind yourself about it every time you're sloppy about something. For me that means 250 times a day.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas|Happiness is based on a just discrimination of what is necessary, what is neither necessary nor destructive, and what is destructive
Kristi Bowman|The key to ultimate happiness and fulfillment lies within our own transformation. The more we learn and grow and evolve as individuals, the more we will find happiness and satisfaction in relationships, work and life.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|The process of discovering your fearless self is of refinement, not adding. The best way to reconnect with your freedom is to look at the rules you have that govern your freedom.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|It is always worth itemising happiness, there is so much of the other thing in a life, you had better put down the markers for happiness while you can.
Bill Vaughan|Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a huge research staff to study the problem.
Steve Goodier|It’s true that laughter really is cheap medicine. It’s a prescription anyone can afford. And best of all, you can fill it right now.
J. Courtney Sullivan, Commencement|These fucking women really piss me off,' April said. 'Because instead of being elated by the thought of making their own happiness and chasing some crazy dream, all they want to do is narrow their options and do something safe.
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|Happiness isn't always easy," he'd said. "But it's a priority.
Edith Wharton, Ethan Frome and Other Short Fiction|There are lots of ways of being miserable, but there’s only one way of being comfortable, and that is to stop running round after happiness. If you make up your mind not to be happy there’s no reason why you shouldn’t have a fairly good time.
Kerstin Gier, Ruby Red|He took a hairpin out of my untidy hair (by now my complicated arrangement of ringlets must have looked as if a couple of birds had been nesting there); he took a strand of it and wound it around his finger. With his other hand he began stroking my face, and then he bent down and kissed me again, this time very cautiously. I closed my eyes - and the same thing happened as before: my brain suffered that delicious break in transmission.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|I wish I had never been born," she said. "What are we born for?" "For infinite happiness," said the Spirit. "You can step out into it at any moment...
Steve Maraboli, The Power of One|How would your life be different if...You decided to give freely, love fully, and play feverously? Let today be the day...You free yourself from the conditioned rules that limit your happiness and dilute the beautiful life experience. Have fun. Give - Love - Play!
Jennifer O'Neill, Inspirational Quotes|You would not want to be responsible for someone else’s happiness, so please do not hold someone else responsible for yours!
Honoré de Balzac|And he, like many jaded people, had few pleasures left in life save good food and drink.
Dorothy Day|When it comes down to it, even on the natural plane, it is much happier and more enlivening to love than to be loved.
Ryan North|To answer your question as honestly as I can, I've wanted since I was very little to not have to worry about money. I've never been poverty-level poor (I mean, there's been years where I've been officially beneath the poverty line, but that wasn't poverty: that was being a student and living the Student Lifestyle), but I've been in a place where you know you can't afford a better-quality food, where you can't do certain things because of money, and I'd prefer not to have those problems if I can. I sort of have troubles with money in general, with how it determines so much of our lives but with how we all try to ignore it, but I would like to be (and stay) in a place where I can pick up some new comics and games and not worry about how much they cost.This is terrible; you're asking me where I want to be in the future, what I want my life to be like, and the only thing I can tell you is "Man, all I know is I don't want to be POOR.
Geneen Roth|Most of our suffering comes from resisting what is already here, particularly our feelings. All any feeling wants is to be welcomed, touched, allowed. It wants attention. It wants kindness. If you treated your feelings with as much love as you treated your dog or your cat or your child, you'd feel as if you were living in heaven every day of your sweet life.
CrimethInc., Expect Resistance: A Field Manual|A truly radical resolution would be to embrace existence just as it is, as the only thing that matters, to proclaim that the world itself is heaven, made for our total enjoyment and fulfillment...
Andrew Weil, M.D.|The notion that a human being should be constantly happy is a uniquely modern, uniquely American, uniquely destructive idea.
Ibuki Haneda, Koizora (Love Sky), Volume 1|Tatsuya: What you have "right now" won't necessarily continue on until forever...Hiro: ... Yeah, I know.
Susan Sarandon|Ladies, stress shows on your face. Happiness is the true beauty weapon." ( Kym Douglas / Cindy Pearlman, 2006)
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it, you must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it. If you don’t, you will leak away your innate contentment. It’s easy enough to pray when you’re in distress but continuing to pray even when your crisis has passed is like a sealing process, helping your soul hold tight to its good attainments.
Jay Asher, The Future of Us|You need to figure out what you want, Josh. If that means you need to swim against the tide to get it, at least youre aiming for something that could make you very happy.
Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir|A week feels like a year when you’re seventeen and in love. A twenty minute drive might as well be an ocean. But we were together again and the whole world was rejoicing, even the gravel crunched melodiously under our feet as we danced onward through the night.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|People will always notice something about you. It might be the way you walk or the way you talk, or just simply your personality. Live each day in the way you want to be remembered. Live in such a way that people will be inspired by those unique qualities that you have and strive to live better lives for themselves.
James Patrick McDonald|The quickest way to experiencing the peace inside, is to learn to recognize when I am not at peace.
Claire Holden Rothman, The Heart Specialist|Happiness is a strange thing. It is something I tend to recognize only after it has passed, when I realize I miss it.
Ani DiFranco|If you're not getting happier as you get older, then you're fuckin' up
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|And I ask myself what it is about me that makes this wonderful, beautiful woman return. Is it because I'm pathetic, helpless in my current state, completely dependent on her? Or is it my sense of humour, my willingness to tease her, to joke my way into painful, secret places? Do I help her understand herself? Do I make her happy? Do I do something for her that her husband and son can't do? Has she fallen in love with me?As the days pass and I continue to heal, my body knitting itself back together, I begin to allow myself to think that she has.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.
Kij Johnson, The Fox Woman|Happiness is the pleasantest of emotions; because of this, it is the most dangerous. Having once felt happiness, one will do anything to maintain it, and losing it, one will grieve.
Jennifer O'Neill, The Pursuit of Happiness: 21 Spiritual Rules to Sucess|Blaming is so much easier than taking responsibility, because if you take responsibility … then you might be to blame.
Graham Greene, A Gun for Sale|She couldn't avoid being serious about things she cared for, and happiness made her grave at the thought of all the things which might destroy it.
Tim Willocks, The Religion|Sadness is never bad," said Amparo. "Sadness is the mirror of being happy
Jules Renard, The Journal of Jules Renard|If one were to build the house of happiness, the largest space would be the waiting room.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't show a friend your gift, or your bag of money if you still want to maintain your relationship, but if nay, go on, and all you'll see is hate and jealousy, and you'll fight with him in the street like a dog and all you'll feel is regret.
Helen Keller|Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invicible host against difficulties.
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book Three|His hand lay across my stomach as he slept soundly. I entwined my fingers with his and breathed through the warmth that seeped through my chest. Such a simple, sweet thing to do, yet holding hands in bed was incredibly intimate.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|The brave who focus on all things good and all things beautiful and all things true, even in the small, who give thanks for it and discover joy even in the here and now, they are the change agents who bring fullest Light to all the world.
Luther Burbank|Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful; they are sunshine, food and medicine to the mind.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|One could be happy not only without love, but despite it.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|I was happy, but happy is an adult word. You don't have to ask a child about happy, you see it. They are or they are not. Adults talk about being happy because largely they are not. Talking about it is the same as trying to catch the wind. Much easier to let it blow all over you. This is where I disagree with the philosophers. They talk about passionate things but there is no passion in them. Never talk happiness with a philosopher.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|In his or her own way, everyone I saw before me looked happy. Whether they were really happy or just looked it, I couldn't tell. But they did look happy on this pleasant early afternoon in late September, and because of that I felt a kind of loneliness new to me, as if I were the only one here who was not truly part of the scene.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Dear me! how happy and good we'd be, if we had no worries!
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|As Venus within Eros does not really aim at pleasure, so Eros does not aim at happiness. We may think he does, but when he is brought to the test it proves otherwise... For it is the very mark of Eros that when he is in us we had rather share unhappiness with the Beloved than be happy on any other terms.
Meryl Streep|The formula of happiness and success is just, being actually yourself, in the most vivid possible way you can.
Stephen Richards|There is nothing around me but money, money, money.
Laura Munson, This Is Not The Story You Think It Is: A Season of Unlikely Happiness|Suffering sucks. Don't do it. Go home and love your wife. Go home and love yourself. Go homeand base your happiness on one thing and one thing only: freedom. Choose freedom, not suffering. Create a life of freedom, not wanting. Have some really good coffee and listen to the red-winged blackbirds in the marsh. Ignore the mosquitoes.
Jane Kenyon|HappinessThere's just no accounting for happiness,or the way it turns up like a prodigalwho comes back to the dust at your feethaving squandered a fortune far away.And how can you not forgive?You make a feast in honor of whatwas lost, and take from its place the finestgarment, which you saved for an occasionyou could not imagine, and you weep night and dayto know that you were not abandoned,that happiness saved its most extreme formfor you alone.No, happiness is the uncle you neverknew about, who flies a single-engine planeonto the grassy landing strip, hitchhikesinto town, and inquires at every dooruntil he finds you asleep midafternoonas you so often are during the unmercifulhours of your despair.It comes to the monk in his cell.It comes to the woman sweeping the streetwith a birch broom, to the childwhose mother has passed out from drink.It comes to the lover, to the dog chewinga sock, to the pusher, to the basket maker,and to the clerk stacking cans of carrotsin the night.It even comes to the boulderin the perpetual shade of pine barrens,to rain falling on the open sea,to the wineglass, weary of holding wine.
David Gilmour, The Film Club: A True Story of a Father and Son|It's about the quality of the worry," I said. "I have happier worries now than I used to.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|(about William Blake)As for Blake's happiness--a man who knew him said: "If asked whether I ever knew among the intellectual, a happy man, Blake would be the only one who would immediately occur to me."And yet this creative power in Blake did not come from ambition. ...He burned most of his own work. Because he said, "I should be sorry if I had any earthly fame, for whatever natural glory a man has is so much detracted from his spiritual glory. I wish to do nothing for profit. I wish to live for art. I want nothing whatever. I am quite happy."...He did not mind death in the least. He said that to him it was just like going into another room. On the day of his death he composed songs to his Maker and sang them for his wife to hear. Just before he died his countenance became fair, his eyes brightened and he burst into singing of the things he saw in heaven. 
Jennifer O'Neill, Soul DNA: Your Spiritual Genetic Code Defines Your Purpose|Unhappiness can be like a virus spreading from one person, to the next person, to the next one and so on. When someone is mean or rude to you, do not let their unhappiness infect your own life. If you are the unhappy one, please quarantine yourself so you do not infect others!
Zaeema J. Hussain, The Sky Is Purple|We thought everything would be forgotten, but I still remember yourclaws running down my back.I wonder if you still think about us,the way I do.How our legs would crash into each other in the middle of the night, and how we endedup creating the moon in the confines of our beds.
James Hopwood Jeans|The really happy person is the one who can enjoy the scenery, even when they have to take a detour.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Imagination doesn't always make you long for what you cannot have, but rather thrive in what you do not have.
Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy|To be happy, you have to risk being unhappy.
Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras|If one’s life is so unsatisfying that an unhealthy activity brings a shred of happiness, it is nigh impossible to give it up unless something that brings greater happiness can be enjoyed in its stead. (28)
George Gissing, The Private Papers of Henry Ryecroft|Money is made at Christmas out of holly and mistletoe, but who save the vendors would greatly care if no green branch were procurable? One symbol, indeed, has obscured all others--the minted round of metal. And one may safely say that, of all the ages since a coin first became the symbol of power, ours is that in which it yields to the majority of its possessors the poorest return in heart's contentment.
Toba Beta|Smartass Disciple: Master, what is the secret recipe of your happiness?Master of Stupidity: If I tell you, there is nobody left to be made fun of.
Charles Bukowski, Betting on the Muse: Poems and Stories|(the whole world is at thethroat of the world,everybody feels angry,short-changed, cheated,everybody is despondent,disillusioned.)I welcomed shots of peace, tattered shards ofhappiness.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|If you have done something meritorious, you experience pleasure and happiness; if wrong things, suffering. A happy or unhappy life is your own creation. Nobody else is responsible. If you remember this, you won’t find fault with anybody. You are your own best friend as well as your worst enemy. (99)
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|The Christmas presents once opened are Not So Much Fun as they were while we were in the process of examining, lifting, shaking, thinking about, and opening them. Three hundred sixty-five days later, we try again and find that the same thing has happened. Each time the goal is reached, it becomes Not So Much Fun, and we're off to reach the next one, then the next one, then the next.That doesn't mean that the goals we have don't count. They do, mostly because they cause us to go through the process and it's the process that makes us wise, happy, or whatever. If we do things in the wrong sort of way, it makes us miserable, angry, confused, and things like that. The goal has to be right for us, and it has to be beneficial, in order to ensure a beneficial process. But aside from that, it's really the process that's important.
Zig Ziglar|Take one cup of love, two cups of loyalty, three cups of forgiveness, four quarts of faith and one barrel of laughter. Take love and loyalty and mix them thoroughly with faith; blend with tenderness, kindness and understanding. Add friendship and hope. Sprinkle abundantly with laughter. Bake it with sunshine. Wrap it regularly with lots of hugs. Serve generous helpings daily.
Victor Hugo|Happiness lies for those who cry, those who hurt, those who have searched, and those who have tried for only they can appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives.
Nicholas Sparks, The Choice|Three weeks ago, he’d seen hail fall from the sky, onlyto be followed minutes later by a spectacular rainbow that seemed to frame the azalea bushes. The colors, so vivid they seemed almost alive, made him think that nature sometimes sends us signs, that it’s important to remember that joy can always follow despair. But a moment later, the rainbow had vanished and the hail returned, and he realized that joy was sometimes only an illusion.
Primo Levi|Sooner or later in life everyone discovers that perfect happiness is unrealizable, but there are few who stop to consider the antithesis; that perfect unhappiness is equally unattainable.
John Dewey|To find out what one is fitted to do, and to secure an opportunity to do it, is the key to happiness.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Happiness is not to be achieved at the command of emotional whims. Happiness is not the satisfaction of whatever irrational wishes you might blindly attempt to indulge. Happiness is a state of non-contradictory joy—a joy without penalty or guilt, a joy that does not clash with any of your values and does not work for your own destruction, not the joy of escaping from your mind, but of using your mind's fullest power, not the joy of faking reality, but of achieving values that are real, not the joy of a drunkard, but of a producer. Happiness is possible only to a rational man, the man who desires nothing but rational goals, seeks nothing but rational values and finds his joy in nothing but rational actions.
Tanith Lee, Delusion's Master|The bitterness of joy lies in the knowledge that it cannot last. Nor should joy last beyond a certain season, for, after that season, even joy would become merely habit.
Gina Lake, What about Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment|When true happiness shows up, the ego is bored with it: It's too plain, too ordinary, and it doesn't leave us feeling special or above the fray. It doesn't take away our problems, which is the ego's idea of happiness. The ego wants no more difficulties: no ore sickness, no more need for money, no more work, no more bad feelings, only unending pleasure and bliss. Such perfection is the ego's idea of a successful life. However, the happiness the ego dreams of will never be attained by anyone. The ego denies the reality of this dimension, where challenges are necessary to evolution and blissful states and pleasure come and go.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|I drink to the general joy o’ the whole table." Macbeth
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|It's not strength, it's PERCEPTION that makes you stronger. If you change how you SEE it, you'll change how you FEEL about it.
William J. Bennett|Happiness is like a cat. If you try to coax it or call it, it will avoid you. It will never come. But if you pay no attention to it and go about your business, you'll find it rubbing up against your legs and jumping into your lap.
Wayne Coyne|Try to be happy within the context of the life we are actually living. Happiness is not a situation to be longed for or a convergence of lucky happenstance. Through the power of our own minds, we can help ourselves.
Kerry Patterson, Influencer: The Power to Change Anything|The average human being is actually quite bad at predicting what he or she should do in order to be happier, and this inability to predict keeps people from, well, being happier. In fact, psychologist Daniel Gilbert has made a career out of demonstrating that human beings are downright awful at predicting their own likes and dislikes. For example, most research subjects strongly believe that another $30,000 a year in income would make them much happier. And they feel equally strongly that adding a 30-minute walk to their daily routine would be of trivial import. And yet Dr. Gilbert’s research suggests that the added income is far less likely to produce an increase in happiness than the addition of a regular walk.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count. Everyone's so busy waiting in the Waiting Place. If we stopped to remember that there's such a thing as a Purina Tower and a view like this, we'd all be happier.
Neel Burton, Hide and Seek: The Psychology of Self-Deception|According to the Buddha, the failure to recognize the illusion of the self is the source of all ignorance and unhappiness. It is only by renouncing the self, that is, by dropping his ego defences and committing metaphorical suicide, that a person can open up to different modes of being and relating and thereby transform himself into a pure essence of humanity. In so doing, he becomes free to recast himself as a much more joyful and productive person, and attains the only species of transcendence and immortality that is open to man.
Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy|Like love, like talent, like any other virtue, like anything else in this life, happiness needs to be nurtured - this is the truth of the whole matter.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The more I understand the mind and the human experience, the more I begin to suspect there is no such thing as unhappiness; there is only ungratefulness.
Meher Baba, Discourses|There are very few things in the mind which eat up as much energy as worry. It is one of the most difficult things not to worry about anything. Worry is experienced when things go wrong, but in relation to past happenings it is idle merely to wish that they might have been otherwise. The frozen past is what it is, and no amount of worrying is going to make it other than what it has been. But the limited ego-mind identifies itself with its past, gets entangled with it and keeps alive the pangs of frustrated desires. Thus worry continues to grow into the mental life of man until the ego-mind is burdened by the past. Worry is also experienced in relation to the future when this future is expected to be disagreeable in some way. In this case it seeks to justify itself as a necessary part of the attempt to prepare for coping with the anticipated situations. But, things can never be helped merely by worrying. Besides, many of the things which are anticipated never turn up, or if they do occur, they turn out to be much more acceptable than they were expected to be. Worry is the product of feverish imagination working under the stimulus of desires. It is a living through of sufferings which are mostly our own creation. Worry has never done anyone any good, and it is very much worse than mere dissipation of psychic energy, for it substantially curtails the joy and fullness of life.
Anthony Trollope, Barchester Towers|There is no happiness in love, except at the end of an English novel.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|Everyone knew that if you divided reality by expectation, you got a happiness quotient. But when you invert the equation - expectation divided by reality - you didn't get the opposite of happiness. What you got, Lewis realized, was hope.
Zig Ziglar|It makes no difference where you go, there you are. And it makes no difference what you have, there’s always more to want. Until you are happy with who you are, you will never be happy because of what you have.
Gyula Krúdy, Sunflower|.. she believed a great happiness awaited her somewhere, and for this reason she remained calm as the days flew by.
John Irving, Last Night in Twisted River|Everyone has a right to be a little happy, asshole.
Ann Brashares, Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood|Sex could be a blissful communion,. But it could also be a weapon, and its absence, sometimes, was required for the establishment of peace.
Lin Yutang, The Importance of Living|If one's bowels move, one is happy, and if they don't move, one is unhappy. That is all there is to it.
Robert Nozick, The Examined Life: Philosophical Meditations|And although it might be best of all to be Socrates satisfied, having both happiness and depth, we would give up some happiness in order to gain the depth.
Markelle Grabo, The Elf Girl|I hate going through this when we just found...," his voice trailed off."Found what?""Each other," he finished, half-smiling.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|Oh, Marilla, I thought I was happy before. Now I know that I just dreamed a pleasant dream of happiness. This is the reality.
Anne-Laure Bondoux, The Killer's Tears|If there was one thing that life has taught me, it’s to accept the most foolish and unthinkable happiness.
John Newton|The midsummer sun shines but dim, The fields strive in vain to look gay; But when I am happy in Him December's as pleasant as May.
Dan Rhodes, Anthropology|-Paint-My girlfriend is so besotted that she can't take her eyes off me. After we've turned out the light she puts on her night-vision goggles, and watched me as I sleep. Quite often I am woken by her sighing and involuntary yelps of happiness. This has been going on for years, and is showing no sign of abating. Once I asked her to stop all this infra-red activity, but it didn't really work; I'd wake up to find her covering me in luminous paint, and softly whispering, 'Sometimes I wonder if you know how much I love you.
Baltasar Gracián, The Art of Worldly Wisdom|One should cultivate good habits of memory, for it is capable of making existence a Paradise or an Inferno.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|There are hours for rest, and hours for wakefulness; nights for sobriety and nights for drunkenness—(if only so that possession of the former allows us to discern the latter when we have it; for sad as it is, no human body can be happily drunk all the time).
Mary Baker Eddy|Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish; therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Remember the botched brothel-visit in L’Education sentimentale and remember its lesson. Do not participate: happiness lies in the imagination, not the act. Pleasure is found first in anticipation, later in memory.
René Crevel|Straight lines go too quickly to appreciate the pleasures of the journey. They rush straight to their target and then die in the very moment of their triumph without having thought, loved, suffered or enjoyed themselves. Broken lines do not know what they want. With their caprices they cut time up, abuse routes, slash the joyous flowers and split the peaceful fruits with their corners. It is another story with curved lines. The song of the curved line is called happiness.
Daisaku Ikeda|Culture is an elevated expression of the inner voice which the different peoples of the Earth have heard in the depths of their being, a voice which conveys the vibrant compassion and wisdom of the cosmic life. For different cultures to engage in interaction is to catalyze each other's souls and foster mutual understanding.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|But suppose the endlessly dead were to wake in us some emblem:they might point to the catkins hangingfrom the empty hazel trees, or direct us to the raindescending on black earth in early  spring. ---And we, who always think of happinessrising, would feel the emotionthat almost baffles uswhen a happy thing falls.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Finding Flow: The Psychology of Engagement with Everyday Life|These examples suggest what one needs to learn to control attention. In principle any skill or discipline one can master on one’s own will serve: meditation and prayer if one is so inclined; exercise, aerobics, martial arts for those who prefer concentrating on physical skills. Any specialization or expertise that one finds enjoyable and where one can improve one’s knowledge over time. The important thing, however, is the attitude toward these disciplines. If one prays in order to be holy, or exercises to develop strong pectoral muscles, or learns to be knowledgeable, then a great deal of the benefit is lost. The important thing is to enjoy the activity for its own sake, and to know that what matters is not the result, but the control one is acquiring over one’s attention.
Paul Ian Guillermo|if you feel happy, Smile with all your heart. if you're down, smile with all your might.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|Not that happiness is dull. Only that it doesn't tell well. And of our consuming diversions as we age is to recite, not only to others but to ourselves, our own story.
Nikki Rowe|She was like the sun, She knew her place in the world - She would shine again regardless of all the storms and changeable weather She wouldn't adjust her purpose for things that pass.
Ariel Gore, Bluebird: Women and the New Psychology of Happiness|When we strike a balance between the challenge of an activity and our skill at performing it, when the rhythm of the work itself feels in sync with our pulse, when we know that what we're doing matters, we can get totally absorbed in our task. That is happiness.The life coach Martha Beck asks new potential clients, "Is there anything you do regularly that makes you forget what time it is?" That forgetting -- that pure absorption -- is what the psychologist Mihaly Csikzentmihalyi calls "flow" or optimal experience. In an interview with Wired magazine, he described flow as "being completely involved in an activity for its own sake. The ego falls away. Time flies. Every action, movement and thought follows inevitably from the previous one, like playing jazz. Your whole being is involved, and you're using your skills to the utmost."In a typical day that teeters between anxiety and boredom, flow experiences are those flashes of intense living -- bright against the dull. These optimal experiences can happen when we're engaged in work paid and unpaid, in sports, in music, in art. The researchers Maria Allison and Margaret Duncan have studied the role of flow in women's lives and looked at factors that contributed to what they call "antiflow." Antiflow was associated with repetitive household tasks, repetitive tasks at work, unchallenging tasks, and work we see as meaningless. But there's an element of chaos when it comes to flow. Even if we're doing meaningful and challenging work, that sense of total absoprtion can elude us. We might get completely and beautifully lost in something today, and, try as we might to re-create the same conditions tomorrow, our task might jsut feel like, well, work. In A Life of One's Own, Marion Milner described her effort to re-create teh conditions of her own recorded moments of happiness, saying, "Often when I felt certain that I had discovered the little mental act which produced the change I walked on air, exulting that I had found the key to my garden of delight and could slip through the door whenever I wished. But most often when I came again the place seemed different, the door overgrown with thorns and my key stuck in the lock. It was as if the first time I had said 'abracadabra' the door had opened, but the next time I must use a different word. (123-124).
Leigh Hershkovich|If you’re not happy, then something is wrong. A person comes into the world as a happy being, yet over time, the happiness fades away and they find themselves in this bubble of anxiety and misery all the time. And it’s a comfortable place to stay, so they end up hanging out in this bubble for years and years before it suddenly dawns on them that life is meant to be happy. And, it is. It’s just that they’re too busy getting caught up in worry and stress to notice that life is magnificent and beautiful. Being alive is good. Being alive should already make you happy.
E. Nesbit, The Magic World|So he caught her in his arms and kissed her, and they were very happy, and told each other what a beautiful world it was, and how wonderful it was that they should have found each other, seeing that the world is not only beautiful but rather large.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Happiness earned, not given.
Santosh Kalwar|When life gives you pain, accept it. When life gives you happiness, reject it.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|He will make you happy, Fanny; I know he will make you happy; but you will make him everything.
Leslie Caron|In order to have great happiness, you have to have great pain and unhappiness-otherwise how would you know when you're happy?
Daniel Kahneman, Well-Being: Foundations of Hedonic Psychology: Foundations of Hedonic Psychology|Money does not buy you happiness, but lack of money certainly buys you misery.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Don't wait for other people to be loving, giving, compassionate, grateful, forgiving, generous, or friendly... lead the way!
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Stop waiting for the perfect day or the perfect moment... Take THIS day, THIS moment and lead it to perfection.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Every day has its great grief or its small anxiety. ... One cloud is dispelled, another forms. There is hardly one day in a hundred of real joy and bright sunshine.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.
Lucas Scott|Happiness comes in many forms — in the company of good friends, in the feeling you get when you make someone else’s dream come true, or in the promise of hope renewed. It’s okay to let yourself be happy because you never know how fleeting that happiness might be.
Jane Austen, Emma|She was happy, she knew she was happy, and knew she ought to be happy.
Byron Katie|The only way I can be angry at you is when I have thought, said, or done something that is unkind in my own opinion.
Brad Pitt|This idea of perpetual happiness is crazy and overrated, because those dark moments fuel you for the next bright moments; each one helps you appreciate the other.
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|Frugality, I've learned, has its own cost, one that sometimes lasts forever.
James Riley, The Half Upon a Time Trilogy: Half Upon a Time; Twice Upon a Time; Once Upon the End|So what's the point, then, if we can't be happy? Why are we doing any of this?""Oh, there's definitely happiness," Jack said, turning his back on the ocean and looking at her. "But it's just about moments, not ever-afters." He grinned. "Like when you're right in the middle of the ocean with your friends, with no one trying to kill you in any kind of horrifying way. You have to appreciate these moments when they happen, 'cause obviously we don't get many of them.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|Happiness,... even the smallest happiness, is like a step out of Time, and the greatest happiness is sharing in Eternity.
Toni Sorenson|Happiness isn’t the reward we retrieve after a long struggle. It arrives daily, in those clear moments when our hearts are tender, pricked by the embrace of a loved one, the beauty of a single flower, the majesty of the world in which we are central. Look over your shoulder at how far you’ve come and all the good things you’ve experienced and that is when you will see the smiling face of happiness.
Giacomo Casanova, The Story of My Life|There is no such thing as a perfectly happy or perfectly unhappy man in the world. One has more happiness in his life and another more unhappiness, and the same circumstance may produce widely different effects on individuals of different temperaments.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.
Daniel Clausen, Ghosts of Nagasaki: Silence|Sometimes I think if we didn’t have these problems the whole world would stop spinning on her axis, we’d all stop spinning on our axises, axes, or whatever you want to call them, and then we’d have to settle into the nasty business of finding a way to be happy.
Anne Giardini, The Sad Truth About Happiness|I used to float along in all of this, like a leaf on a coursing stream, but i am heavier now, less easily moved, more resolute and steadfast. I am no longer in pursuit of happiness. As I stand here at my front door, key in hand, I think it is just possible that happiness, at least for now, today, this hour, may be in pursuit of me.
Bryan Cohen, The Post-College Guide to Happiness|If you love a person, you should show it in adundance, not reserve it for special occasions like fine china.
Kendal Rob|I don't know whether it is beautiful or sad, that I find such blissful happiness within the confines of my own mind, more so than I do in the reality that surrounds me.
Petar Dunov|Human happiness is defined by the hardships and conflicts you have been through. The greater they are, the greater is your happiness.
Tracy McMillan|The good news is that I believe every woman who wants to can find a great partner. You're just going to need to get rid of the idea that marriage will make you happy. It won't. Once the initial high wears off, you'll just be you, except with twice as much laundry. Because ultimately, marriage is not about getting something -- it's about giving it. Strangely, men understand this more than we do. Probably because for them marriage involves sacrificing their most treasured possession -- a free-agent penis -- and for us, it's the culmination of a princess fantasy so universal, it built Disneyland.
Jess C. Scott, Trouble|[Poem: Slates of Grey]Sullen faces like slates of grey—What I’d seen on a walk today.Bodies rushing bodies boltingTime for life a disregarding.Money to make and to grow oldWhat about the hands to hold?Deadlines, projects, people to meetWhat about our own two feet.Sullen faces like slates of grey...What I’d see most anyday.
Dan Buettner, Thrive: Finding Happiness the Blue Zones Way|Gratitude always comes into play; research shows that people are happier if they are grateful for the positive things in their lives, rather than worrying about what might be missing.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|I think about my mother singing after lunch on a Summer afternoon, twirling in blue dress across the floor of her dressing room
Jane Austen, Emma|How often is happiness destroyed by preparation, foolish preparation!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.
CrimethInc., Evasion|We left behind the other kids; their path-working, drinking, and being grown up- and rejected all that made them grumpy, uncreative and lifeless. We dumpstered, squatted, and shoplifted our lives back. Everything fell into place when we decided our lives were meant to be lived. Life serves the risk taker...
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Advantage and Disadvantage of History for Life|Happiness: being able to forget or, to express in a more learned fashion.
Hermann Hesse|Once he said to her: 'You are like me; you are different from other people. You are Kamala and no one else, and within you there is a stillness and sanctuary to which you can retreat any time and be yourself, just as I can. Few people have that capacity and yet everyone could have it.
Thomas Lewis, A General Theory of Love|A person cannot direct his emotional life in the way he bids his motor system to reach for a cup. He cannot will himself to want the right thing or to love the right person or to be happy after a disappointment, or even to be happy in happy times. People lack this capacity not through a deficiency of discipline but because the jurisdiction of will is limited to the latest brain and to those functions within its purview. Emotional life can be influenced, but it cannot be commanded.
Sandra Brown, Lethal|His gut was stitched up good and tight, but that didn’t prevent it from flopping. He wiped his damp palms on the legs of his jeans and stood up shakily, leaning heavily on his cane.He called himself a masochist for putting himself through this torture day after day.He braced himself for the disappointment of having to go home alone.He braced himself for happiness like he’d never known in his entire life.He watched the door they would come through.
Santosh Kalwar|Happiness is a good business these days, more you talk crap about happiness the large number of crowd you will gather.
Germany Kent|How to win in life:1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow5 don't let people tell you it cant be done6 make no excuses
Lynda Williams, Holy war|The happiness of a family is such a complex matter. Like a table laid out with a tea service, it looks so ordinary until it's threatened. Then it becomes infinitely precious.
G.K. Chesterton, The Thing|Happiness is not only a hope, but also in some strange manner a memory ... we are all kings in exile.
Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals|Suddenly I realized that I wanted everything to be as it was when I was younger. When you're young enough, you don't know that you live in a cheap lousy apartment. A cracked chair is nothing other than a chair. A dandelion growing out of a crack in the sidewalk outside your front door is a garden. You could believe that a song your parent was singing in the evening was the most tragic opera in the world. It never occurs to you when you are very young to need something other than what your parents have to offer you.
Stephen Richards|When we give up the chase, we give up our wishing.
Justina Chen, North of Beautiful|What would it be like to look in the mirror and actually accept what you see? Not loathe the reflection, or despise it, or be resigned to it? But to like it?
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown|She tried to act as though it were nothing to go to the library alone. But her happiness betrayed her. Her smile could not be restrained, and it spread from her tightly pressed mouth, to her round cheeks, almost to the hair ribbons tied in perky bows over her ears.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Unhappiness is bondage; therefore, happiness is freedom.
C. JoyBell C.|Again, I am surprised why people seek to eliminate lust and cling to love; as they wish to ignore happiness and cleave unto joy! Now, now, let's not sugar-coat things! Lust has a lot more to do with life and what is the good of life if you do not carry much lust inside of you at all times? And joy is a noble thing, but happiness though fleeting can be found every day and in every small little way!
Euripides|The man is happiest who lives from day to day and asks no more, garnering the simple goodness of life.
Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships|If you stay in the company of anger, pain, or hurt, happiness will find someone else to visit. Make the choice to view all of your past relationships as a gift. Throw out what hasn’t worked in the past and incorporate new concepts. Focus on being happy﻿.
Neil Gaiman|I took the dog out for a walk tonight, and together we wandered across the meadow next door. It was a warm summer's night, dark, and moonless. There were a handful of fireflies flickering intermittently, some so close to me I could see they were burning green as they flew, and some further away, who seemed to be flashing white.And in the sky above them a continual roil of distant summer lightning (the storm distant enough that it was silent) burned and flashed and illuminated the clouds. It seemed as if the lightning bugs were talking to the lightning, in a perfect call and response of flash and counterflash. I watched the sky and the meadow flash and flash while the dog walked ahead of me, and realised that I was perfectly happy...
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|How can I tell Bob that my happiness streams from having wrenched a piece out of my life, a piece of hurt and beauty, and transformed it to typewritten words on paper? How can he know I am justifying my life, my keen emotions, my feeling, by turning it into print?
Lawrence Durrell, The Alexandria Quartet|You see, nothing matters except pleasure - which is the opposite of happiness, its tragic part, I expect.
Tony Meloto (Your First Job by: N. Dy)|If you really want to be happy, don't just go for the money. Go for the relationship that lasts. Go for things of greater value.
Amy Lane, Truth in the Dark|I was terrified of my weakness, of my sharp tongue, ofmy every flaw. I was terrified that this moment, my chance tolive in happiness for however short a time we may have had,would be ruined because I was simply not carved out of thesame wood as happiness, and that my grain was too twistedto ever take its form.
Sonia Rumzi|It is not where we are that matters nor what we have, it is what we do with where we are and what we have.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|Happiness without freedom, or freedom without happiness. There was no third alternative.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Our own front door can be a wonderful thing, or a sight we dread; rarely is it only a door.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Among the Brave|And Nedley started saying,'Shut Up!Quit that! And i knew it really meant something to him. So I asked for his help,"Mark said. "Don't tell the story like that," Nedley laughed. "What he said was 'Quit pretendin you're a bad guy I need your help, and I need it now!
Dwain K. White Sr., Every Woman's Dream|For a woman to deny the necessity of true love in her life would be to deny herself, and her creator.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|I want to be careful not to throw all this away. This is happiness. I think this is what happiness is. I haven't got it yet, but I can sense it out there. I feel I'm close to it. Some days, I'm so close I can almost smell it.
Raymond Carver|Happiness. It comes onunexpectedly. And goes beyond, really,any early morning talk about it.
Anne Carson, Grief Lessons: Four Plays by Euripides|Come here, let me share a bit of wisdom with you.Have you given much thought to our mortal condition?Probably not. Why would you? Well, listen.There's no one alivewho can say if he will be tomorrow.Our fate moves invisibly! A mystery.No one can teach it, no one can grasp it.Accept this! Cheer up! Have a drink!You can let the rest go. Am I making sense?I think so. How about a drink.Put on a garland. I'm surethe happy splash of wine will cure your mood.We're all mortal you know. Think mortal.Because my theory is, there's no such thing as life,
Alice Munro, Too Much Happiness|It almost seemed as if there must be some random and of course unfair thrift in the emotional housekeeping of the world, if the great happiness--however temporary, however flimsy--of one person could come out of the great unhappiness of another.
Neal Shusterman, Bruiser|Happiness is not a state of being. Happiness is a vector, it is movement.
Ivan Turgenev|We’re young, we’re not monsters, no fools: we’ll conquer happiness for ourselves.
Charles Alexander Eastman|Children must early learn the the beauty of generosity. They are taught to give what they prize most, that they may taste the happiness of giving.
Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|I have lived through much, and now I think I have found what is needed for happiness. A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books , music, love for one's neighbor - such is my idea of happiness. And then, on top of all that, you for a mate, and children, perhaps - what more can the heart of a man desire?
Shunryu Suzuki|Christopher McCandless:"I will miss you too, but you are wrong if you think that the joy of life comes principally from the joy of human relationships. God's place is all around us, it is in everything and in anything we can experience. People just need to change the way they look at things.
Carol Shields, Unless|Happiness is the lucky pane of glass you carry in your head. It takes all your cunning just to hang on to it, and once it's smashed you have to move into a different sort of life.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|Nurturing, Providing, and loving you passionately. May that be, my number of responsibilities. As one to the end, forever more. That's how long I desire, our love to last for. Providing for you many and joyful memories. In hours of darkness, as well as brightness. I plan to supply for you. For your love for me and happiness, is all that matters to me.
Ray Bradbury|We are living in a time when flowers are trying to live on flowers, instead of on good rain and black loam.
Roberta Gellis|It is too late for me to learn your wisdom in this matter. From the time I knew aught, I have lived with a knight and his lady whose love lit and warmed the dark hall on winter's nights. Madam, my example comes not from any book of romance. My grandparents walked and breathed; they kissed and quarreled. This I must have, and I will seek it with the point of my knife in a bad husband's heart if I can find it no other way.
Samuel Gordon|Joy is distinctly a Christian word and a Christian thing. It is the reverse of happiness. Happiness is the result of what happens of an agreeable sort. Joy has its spring deep down inside. And that spring never runs dry, no matter what happens. Only Jesus gives that joy.
Rachel Machacek, The Science of Single: One Woman's Grand Experiment in Modern Dating, Creating Chemistry, and Finding Love|I'm generally a happy person -with the help of antidepressants, that is- so there is something to be said for surrounding myself with happy people.
Laura Fitzgerald, Veil of Roses|As I watch him, a sudden recognition comes over me: Tonight, I can be anyone I want… maybe being happy only means living in the moment, appreciating the exact moment you're in and not thinking about the worries of the future.
Marisa de los Santos, Belong to Me|I know how syrupy this sounds, how dull, provincial, and possibly whitewashed, but what can I do? Happy childhoods happen
Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise|People expected something for nothing, that’s why they did nothing so beautifully these days.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Respect? Of course, always, to all, because everything seems funnier when you're trying to show respect.
Leo Tolstoy|Happiness consists in always aspiring perfection, the pause in any level in perfection is the pause of happiness
Barbara Barrington Jones|Many of us seem to live our lives looking for happiness. That is not always a bad thing, but it can be if we continually believe that happiness is someplace else and not in the present.
Stephen Richards|No matter how small you start, always dream big.
Holly Mosier|No beating yourself up. That’s not allowed. Be patient with yourself. It took you years to form the bad habits of thought that you no longer want. It will take a littletime to form new and better ones. But I promise you this: Even a slight move in this direction will bring you some peace. The more effort you apply to it, the faster you’ll find your bliss, but you’ll experience rewards immediately.
Stephen Richards, The Ultimate Cosmic Ordering Meditation|Even when in the midst of disturbance, the stillness of the mind can offer sanctuary.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Don’t we get it? To put our arm around someone who is gay, someone who has an addiction, somebody who lives a different lifestyle, someone who is not what we think they should be… doing that has nothing to do with enabling them or accepting what they do as okay by us. It has nothing to do with encouraging them in their practice of what you or I might feel or believe is wrong vs right.It has everything to do with being a good human being. A good person. A good friend.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|If the sun is shining, stand in it- yes, yes, yes. Happy times are great, but happy times pass- they have to- because time passes. The pursuit of happiness is more elusive; it is life-long, and it is not goal-centred. What you are pursuing is meaning- a meaningful life... There are times when it will go so wrong that you will be barely alive, and times when you realise that being barely alive, on your own terms, is better than living a bloated half-life on someone else's terms.
Kazuo Ishiguro, When We Were Orphans|Nos-tal-gic,’ Akira said, as though it were a word he had been struggling to find. Then he said a word in Japanese, perhaps the Japanese for ‘nostalgic.’ ‘Nos-tal-gic. It is good to be nos-tal-gic. Very important.’‘Really, old fellow?’‘Important. Very important. Nostalgic. When we nostalgic, we remember. A world better than this world we discover when we grow. We remember and wish good world come back again. So very important. Just now, I had dream. I was boy. Mother, Father, close to me. in our house.’He fell silent and continued to gaze across the rubble.‘Akira,’ I said, sensing that the longer this talk went on, the greater was some danger I did not wish fully to articulate. ‘We should move on. We have much to do.
Yongey Mingyur, The Joy of Living: Unlocking the Secret and Science of Happiness|Ultimately, happiness comes down to choosing between the discomfort of becoming aware of your mental afflictions and the discomfort of being ruled by them.
Mike Rowe|Happiness does not come from a job. It comes from knowing what you truly value, and behaving in a way that’s consistent with those beliefs.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The more death, the more birth. People are entering, others are exiting. The cry of a baby, the mourning of others. When others cry, the other are laughing and making merry. The world is mingled with sadness, joy, happiness, anger, wealth, poverty, etc.
H.P. Lovecraft|I neither knew nor cared whether my experience was insanity, dreaming, or magic; but was determined to gaze on brilliance and gaiety at any cost.
Alcibiades|As contraries are known by contraries, so is the delights of presence best known by the torments of absence.
Steve Maraboli|Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness... but only when you pay your taxes? That means your freedom is rented, leased, & not unalienable.
Elyne Mitchell, Moon Filly|Here, also, the future was cried aloud by the wind through the rocks, so that all those who heard would shiver, and then the liquid spring song of the thrush would make all the beauty of moonlight and sunlight blend together, making it true, so true, that happiness must come again
Nancy J. Cavanaugh, This Journal Belongs to Ratchet|A FriendSomeoneYou're happy to see,Who's happy to see you.SomeoneYou like for who they areNot just for what they can do for you.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Merry hearts are vulnerable to death, don't be over-joyed to the state of oblivion, lest the enemy poison your meal.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Pastor's Wife|The years lay spread out before her, spacious untouched canvases on which she was presently going to paint the picture of her life. It was to be a very beautiful picture, she said to herself with an extraordinary feeling of proud confidence; not beautiful because of any gifts or skill of hers, for never was a woman more giftless, but because of all the untiring little touches, the ceaseless care for detail, the patient painting out of mistakes; and every touch and every detail was going to be aglow with the bright colours of happiness.
Tsem Tulku Rinpoche, 108 Ways to Grab My Apples|Give Happiness, Patience, kindness, and Care, and the PAIN goes away.Then only LOVE remains...
Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan|It was not often that Flay approved of happiness in others. He saw in happiness the seeds of independence, and in independence the seeds of revolt. But on an occasion such as this it was different, for the spirit of convention was being rigorously adhered to, and in between his ribs Mr. Flay experienced twinges of pleasure.
Thomas Fuller|Try to be happy in this present moment, and put not off being so to a time to come--as though that time should be of another make from this which has already come and is ours.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|She had known happiness, exquisite happiness, intense happiness, and it silvered the rough waves a little more brightly, as daylight faded, and the blue went out of the sea and it rolled in waves of pure lemon which curved and swelled and broke upon the beach and the ecstasy burst in her eyes and waves of pure delight raced over the floor of her mind and she felt, It is enough! It is enough!
Stephen Richards|We were all born equal, but where we are in life now is of our own making.
Sean Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens: The Ultimate Teenage Success Guide|I like how Mother Teresa put it: "Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, in your eyes, in your smile." If you approach life this way, always looking for ways to build instead of to tear down, you'll be amazed at how much happiness you can give to others and find for yourself
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|I never had one hour's happiness in her society, and yet my mind all round the four-and-twenty hours was harping on the happiness of having her with me unto death.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Here is a commandment for you: seek happiness in sorrow. Work, work tirelessly.
Ethan Hawke|If you can channel the best part of you that is bigger than yourself, where it’s not about your ego and not about getting ahead, then you can have fun and you aren’t jealous of others. You see other people's talent as another branch of your own. You can keep it rooted in joy. Life is long and there are plenty of opportunities to make mistakes. The point of it all is to learn.
Peter S. Beagle, We Never Talk about My Brother|Envy nobody. It is the true secret of happiness, or at least the only one I know. (By Moonlight)
Joyce Carol Oates, We Were the Mulvaneys|For what are the words with which to summarize a lifetime, so much crowded confused happiness terminated by such stark slow-motion pain?
Tony Hsieh, Delivering Happiness: A Path to Profits, Passion, and Purpose|I had decided to stop chasing the money, and start chasing the passion.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… decide what you want, create a simple plan, and get moving!
Benjamin Franklin|The U.S. Constitution doesn't guarantee happiness, only the pursuit of it. Your have to catch up with it yourself.
Alysha Speer, Sharden|And though I was currently living a fairy tale, some part of my soul knew that happiness couldn't last forever. I didn't deserve a happily ever after, and there weren't many other cards to play when that was the truth.
George Santayana|A string of excited, fugitive, miscellaneous pleasures is not happiness; happiness resides in imaginative reflection and judgment, when the picture of one’s life, or of human life, as it truly has been or is, satisfies the will, and is gladly accepted.
George Matthew Allen|People with the most interests live, not only longest, but happiest.
Francesca Marciano, Casa Rossa|You know, when you're unhappy you don't have the strength left to take care of others. But it doesn't mean you don't love them.
William Lyon Phelps|Those who decide to use leisure as a means of mental development, who love good music, good books, good pictures, good company, good conversation, are the happiest people in the world.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|It might be that to surrender to happiness was to accept defeat, but it was a defeat better than many victories.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|Up then, fair phoenix bride, frustrate the sun;Thyself from thine affectionTakest warmth enough, and from thine eyeAll lesser birds will take their jollity.Up, up, fair bride, and callThy stars from out their several boxes, takeThy rubies, pearls, and diamonds forth, and makeThyself a constellation of them all;And by their blazing signifyThat a great princess falls, but doth not die.Be thou a new star, that to us portendsEnds of much wonder; and be thou those ends.
Vasily Grossman, Everything Flows|Ivan tells Anna: "I used to imagine that being embraced by a woman . . . as something so wonderful that it would make me forget everthing . . . [But] happiness, it turns out, will be to share with you the burden I can't share with anyone else.
Michael Pollan, Second Nature: A Gardener's Education|The green thumb is equable in the face of nature's uncertainties; he moves among her mysteries without feeling the need for control or explanations or once-and-for-all solutions. To garden well is to be happy amid the babble of the objective world, untroubled by its refusal to be reduced by our ideas of it, its indomitable rankness.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|If [God] send me no husband, for the which blessing I am at him upon my knees every morning and evening ...
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated|Give more, so that we can build more, put interest in understanding another more in whatever actions one might carry out in life. Because we all are fighting for survival against adversaries and are sometimes falling, but if we stand together and help shield and strengthen one another, imagine the world that we will live in together, having more happiness with one another, at one another’s side.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|Sometimes customizing is necessary because of an injury or the inability to do, for a short or long period, the kind of exercise you formerly did. When you're used to customizing for fun, doing it under duress won't seem like such an imposition. Either way, experiment until you find activities that make you happy as well as healthy. Choose your exercise using the same criteria you'd apply to choosing a date--that is, attractive to you and able to hold your interest for an hour.
Kentetsu Takamori, Unlocking Tannisho: Shinran's Words on the Pure Land Path|Some nonreligious people are disgruntled by the word "faith," feeling that it has no connection to them. But we all have faith. Broadly speaking, "faith" does not apply only to belief in the supernatural. We have faith in our life, for example, believing we will live to see tomorrow, or in our health, believing we have years of healthy life ahead of us. Husbands and wives, parents and children have faith in one another.
Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin|For some people, she thought, trials were only temporary; they sailed towards happiness through the roughest weather.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience|..Such practices and beliefs, which interfere with happiness, are neither inevitable nor necessary; they evolved by chance, as a result of random responses to accidental conditions. But once they become part of the norms and habits of a culture, people assume that this is how things must be; they come to believe they have no other options.
Jamie Iredell|Mankind were intended to be happy... that government being only the means of securing freedom and happiness to the people, whenever it deviates from this end, and their freedom and happiness are in great danger of being irrevocably lost, the government is no longer entitled to their allegiance. ("The Principles of an American Whig"-1777)
Douglas William Jerrold|Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers' gardens. 
Lionel Shriver, The Post-Birthday World|Outside, she thought that there ought to be a word for it: the air temperature that was perfectly neither hot nor cold. One degree lower, and she might have felt a faint misgiving about not having brought a jacket. One degree higher, and a skim of sweat might have glistened at her hairline. But at this precise degree, she required neither wrap nor breeze. Were there a word for such a temperature, there would have to be a corollary for the particular ecstasy of greeting it - the heedlessness, the needlessness, the suspended lack of urgency, as if time could stop, or should. Usually temperature was a battle; only at this exact fulcrum was it an active delight.
Elly Varrenti, This is Not My Beautiful Life: Love, Happiness and Other Great Expectations|I did, of course, on both counts, and started going out with the boy I lost my virginity to - all of it. He lost his to me too, except that neither of us felt we had lost anything - just discovered the meaning of life and love and everything else unnecessary in between.
Anna Gavalda, Hunting and Gathering|Es dauerte einen Moment, bis er ihr antwortete:Nein, ich spreche von... von eurer Freiheit, glaube ich. Von dem Glück, das ihr habt, für euch zu leben und auf alles andere zu pfeifen.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|She needed to recover. His father had died in January; it was only the end of May. They needed to stick to the routine they'd established during the intervening months. in that way, their life would return to its original shape, like a spring stretched in bad times but contracting eventually into happiness. That the world could come permanently unsprung had never occurred to him.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I see you and St. John have been quarrelling, Jane,' said Diana, 'during your walk on the moor. But go after him; he is now lingering in the passage expecting you - he will make it up.'I have not much pride under such circumstances: I would always rather be happy than dignified; and I ran after him - he stood at the foot of the stairs.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|They couldn’t have known that even this was a lie—that we never really choose, not entirely. We are always being pushed and squeezed down one road or another. We have no choice but to step forward, and then step forward again, and then step forward again; suddenly we find ourselves on a road we haven’t chosen at all.But maybe happiness isn’t in the choosing. Maybe it’s in the fiction, in the pretending: that wherever we have ended up is where we intended to be all along.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Dads. Do you not realize that a child is what you tell them they are? That people almost always become what they are labeled? Was whatever your child just did really the “dumbest thing you’ve ever seen somebody do”? Was it really the “most ridiculous thing they ever could have done”? Do you really believe that your child is an idiot? Because she now does. Think about that. Because you said it, she now believes it. Bravo.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|If you really want to remove a cloud from your life, you do not make a big production of it, you just relax and remove it from your thinking. That's all there is to it.
Steve Maraboli|My scars tell a story. They are a reminder of times when life tried to break me, but failed. They are markings of where the structure of my character was welded.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|so many thoughts, my kvothe. you know too much to be happy.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|At any given moment, your circumstances can change. You may not be where you want to be right now. You may not even be doing what you prefer to do. But, if you change your way of thinking and realize that you have all the opportunities available to you just like each one of us. You can begin to focus on what you want to achieve and make it happen
Nella Larsen, Quicksand|But there was, she knew, something else. Happiness, she supposed. Whatever that might be. What, exactly, she wondered, was happiness. Very positively she wanted it.
Matthieu Ricard|According to the philosopher Andre Comte-Sponville: The wise man has nothing left to expect or to hope for. Because he is entirely happy, he needs nothing. Because he needs nothing, he is entirely happy.
Cameron C. Taylor, 8 Attributes of Great Achievers|Some people are like a thermometer. If their environment is negative, they are negative. If bad things happen, they are sad. If good things happen, they are happy. They are simply a product of their environment. Successful people, on the other hand, are more like a thermostat. Even if their environment is negative, they choose to be positive.
Kahlil Gibran|Je tiefer sich das Leid in euer Sein eingräbt, desto mehr Freude könnt ihr fassen.
Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy|Always be happy, you never know how happy you can make another by just being happy.
Shannon Kaiser|No matter how much someone else loves you or you love other people, if you don’t love yourself then it can never be enough.
John Corey Whaley, Highly Illogical Behavior|Jealous of the crazy gay kid. That doesn't sound right.""Hey, Sol," she said, her tone getting serious for a second. "Those are two things about you out of a million. Don't box yourself in.
Julie Farrell|Thoughts are just thoughts, and they can’t hurt you. My thoughts land in my mind like a butterfly; they stay for a while, then flutter away. The butterfly isn’t me. I can step away from it, and watch it, learn from it, enjoy it, without needing to absorb it into my identity.
Clementine Holzinger, EL32|Love your life. That's a direct route to something people used to call "happiness".
Alan Clark|There are few nicer things than sitting up in bed, drinking strong tea, and reading.
Barney Stinson|You know what Marshall needs to do. He needs to stop being sad. When I get sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead. True story.
Stephen Richards|Don’t dare to dream big, just dream BIG!
Stephen Richards|If we lose all of our wealth and are only left with love then, indeed, we shall never be poor.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|Nonetheless, when it finally ended and the hairdressers left and Tess insisted upon pulling her to the mirror, Fire saw, and understood, that everyone had done the job well. The dress, deep shimmering purple and utterly simple in design, was so beautifully-cut and so clingy and well-fitting that Fire felt slightly naked. And her hair. She couldn’t follow what they’d done with her hair, braids thin as threads in some places, looped and wound through the thick sections that fell over her shoulders and down her back, but she saw that the end result was a controlled wildness that was magnificent against her face, her body, and the dress. She turned to measure the effect on her guard - all twenty of them, for all had roles to play in tonight’s proceedings, and all were awaiting her orders. Twenty jaws hung slack with astonishment - even Musa’s, Mila’s, and Neel’s. Fire touched their minds, and was pleased, and then angry, to find them open as the glass roofs in July.‘Take hold of yourselves,’ she snapped. ‘It’s a disguise, remember? This isn’t going to work if the people meant to help me can’t keep their heads.’‘It will work, Lady Granddaughter.’ Tess handed Fire two knives in ankle holsters. ‘You’ll get what you want from whomever you want. Tonight King Nash would give you the Winged River as a present, if you asked for it. Dells, child - Prince Brigan would give you his best warhorse.
Stephen Richards|To be happy, make others happy.
Nicholas Evans|I absolutely think that happiness is a choice. One of the most potent forces in human psychology is the power of habit. Do something, think something, often enough and it will become the only thing you can do or think. Choose to be unhappy and soon that’s all you will be. Live in a swamp and you’ll grow webbed feet.
Deborah Day|The more you take responsibility for your attitudes, the more you can adjust yourself in a forward thinking manner.
Le Ly Hayslip, When Heaven and Earth Changed Places: A Vietnamese Woman's Journey from War to Peace|In the West, for example, people believe they must 'pursue happiness' as if it were some kind of a flighty bird that is always out of reach. In the East, we believe we are born with happiness and one of life's important takes, my mother told me, is to protect it.
Isra|Sadness is not the beginning or end of a process, but the lag between pleasure and happiness.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|That sense of happiness just out beyond my reach - I'm not sure I'd grasped that exactly, but I'd got something close to it, contentment maybe, or at least a functioning routine with regular rewards.
Christopher Marlowe|Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes|A sandwich and a cup of coffee, and then off to violin-land, where all is sweetness and delicacy and harmony.
Alan Bennett, The History Boys|I'm not "happy" but I'm not unhappy about it.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|The happy man needs nothing and no one. Not that he holds himself aloof, for indeed he is in harmony with everything and everyone; everything is "in him"; nothing can happen to him. The same may also be said for the contemplative person; he needs himself alone; he lacks nothing.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Every day, you get the opportunity to change your life. Change what you do not want. Change what makes you unhappy.
Lewis Nordan|There were happy days, with watermelon, and sad days of whiskey.
Guy de Maupassant, Selected Short Stories|There are some delightful places in this world which have a sensual charm for the eyes. One loves them with a physical love. We people who are attracted by the countryside cherish fond memories of certain springs, certain woods, certain ponds, certain hills, which have become familiar sights and can touch our hearts like happy events.Sometimes indeed the memory goes back towards a forest glade, or a spot on a river bank or an orchard in blossom, glimpsed only once on a happy day, but preserved in our heart.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|I'm not in pursuit of happiness, I'm happiness in pursuit; ready to happen everywhere I go.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Then he thought himself unhappy, but happiness was all in the future; now he felt that the best happiness was already in the past.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|…I realized my happiness was artificial. I felt happy because I saw the others were happy and because I knew I should feel happy, but I wasn't really happy.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|The happy life does not mean loving what we possess, but possessing what we love." Possession of the beloved, St. Thomas holds, takes place in an act of cognition, in seeing, in intuition, in contemplation.
Robert B. Reich|It turns out that what money buys has rapidly diminishing emotional returns ... As long as we're not destitute, happiness depends less on getting what we want than appreciating what we already have.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Intent not followed by action is an insult to your design. Decide what you want, create a plan, and get your ass out there!
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|He had learned that, as there is no situation in the world in which a man can be happy and perfectly free, so there is no situation in which he can be perfectly unhappy and unfree.
Caris Brooke|We remember though all the firelit glowOf a great hearth's gleam and glare,And we looked for a space at each happy faceAnd the love that was written there.
Craig Silvey, Jasper Jones|I feel as though I should say something profound, or enact some rite, or trade something to make it official. I want to transfer some trinket which would allow me to say that she's my girl, some kind of currency that proves to people that she likes me back. Something that would permit me to think about her all the time without feeling guilty or helpless or hopelessly far away. I guess I'm just so excited, I want to cage this thing like a tiny red bird so if can't fly away, so it stays the same, so it's still there the next time. For keeps, like a coin in your pocket. Like a peach pit from Mad Jack Lionel's tree. Like scribbled words in a locked suitcase. A bright balloon to tie to your bedpost. And you want to hug it close, hold it, but not so tight it bursts.
David Leavitt, While England Sleeps|I could hear the knock and whistle of the water pipes, the purr of the calico cat. And at that moment a happiness filled me that was pure and perfect and yet it was bled with despair - as if I had been handed a cup of ambrosial nectar to drink from and knew that once I finished drinking, the cup would be withdrawn forever, and nothing to come would ever taste as good.
Nio Noveno|Happiness is something that you cannot see. It is naturally felt. When you feel it, you wouldn't wanna let go of it. It makes you smile. It keeps you going. It gives you the energy that nothing and nobody can give. Ig pushes to do things that renders positive vibe inside. Happiness is felt in the most unexpected time and place. It's a natural phenomenon.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Let me implore the reader to try to believe, if only for a moment, that God, who made these deserving people, may really be right when He thinks that their modest prosperity and the happiness of their children are not enough to make them blessed: that all this must fall from them in the end, and if they have not learned to know Him they will be wretched. And therefore He troubles them, warning them in advance of an insufficiency that one day they will have to discover. The life to themselves and their families stands between them and the recognition of their need; He makes that life less sweet to them.If God were proud He would hardly have us on such terms: but He is not proud, He stoops to conquer, He will have us even though we have shown that we prefer everything else to Him, and come to Him because there is 'nothing better' now to be had.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|Satiety depends not at all on how much we eat, but on how we eat. It's the same with happiness, the very same...happiness doesn't depend on how many external blessings we have snatched from life. It depends only on our attitude toward them. There's a saying about it in the Taoist ethic: 'Whoever is capable of contentment will always be satisfied.
Auguste Escoffier|Original, in French: La bonne cuisine est la base du véritable bonheur. English: Good food is the foundation of genuine happiness.
Jeffrey Bernard, Reach for the Ground: The Downhill Struggle of Jeffrey Bernard|When I was a boy, I naively thought that this thing called happiness would be something I would wake up to find every day once I could smoke, drink and fornicate.
Roman Payne|Do we take less pride in the possession of our home because its walls were built by some unknown carpenter, its tapestries woven by some unknown weaver on a far Oriental shore, in some antique time? No. We show our home to our friends with the pride as if it were our home, which it is. Why then should we take less pride when reading a book written by some long-dead author? Is it not our book just as much, or even more so, than theirs? So the landowner says, ‘Look at my beautiful home! Isn’t it fine?’ And not, ‘Look at the home so-and-so has built.’ Thus we shouldn’t cry, ‘Look what so-and-so has written. What a genius so-and-so is!’ But rather, ‘Look at what I have read! Am I not a genius? Have I not invented these pages? The walls of this universe, did I not build? The souls of these characters, did I not weave?
Marcellus Emants, A Posthumous Confession|Only a fool can be happy. For happiness consists of two contradictory elements: contentment and pleasure. Enjoy pleasure and you have no contentment; be content and you have no pleasure. For this reason happiness is conceivable only for those who enjoy themselves without thinking that they will always want more and thus be discontented, or for those who are content without thinking that they have no pleasure. Whoever reflects can never be happy, unless he is a fanatic and thus blinded…thus exercising control over his intelligence with his feelings, instead of the other way round
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|No one can obtain felicity by pursuit. This explains why one of the elements of being happy is the feeling that a debt of gratitude is owed, a debt impossible to pay. Now, we do not owe gratitude to ourselves. To be conscious of gratitude is to acknowledge a gift.
Paulo Coelho|La felicidad es una bendición, pero generalmente es también una conquista.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|He turned from the sight of human ignorance and human fate and the sea eating the ground we stand on, which, had he been able to contemplate it fixedly might have led to something; and found consolation in trifles so slight compared with the august theme just now before him that he was disposed to slur that comfort over, to deprecate it, as if to be caught happy in a world of misery was for an honest man the most despicable of crimes.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|Times of terror and the deepest misery may arrive, but if there is to be any happiness in this misery it can only be a spiritual happiness, related to the past in the rescue of the culture of early ages and to the future in a serene and indefatigable championship of the spirit in a time which would otherwise completely swallow up the material.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|There is a preppy wabi-sabi to soft, faded khakis and cotton shirts, but it's not nice to be surrounded by things that are worn out or stained or used up.
Sonia Marciano|We each sell alittle piece of happiness. You are elevating someone's spirit in some way, and to do that you have to understand the source of their angst and then you have to frame your product as a solution.
Caroline Adderson, Sitting Practice: A Novel|The golden rule of business is supply and demand. I venture to say that this is also the rule of happiness. When a balance is achieved between our desires and another's willingness to satisfy them, the result is a sympathetic, mutually rewarding relationship. (...) a thriving economy of love.' - character Mike Lambeth
Jackie Sigmund, The Right Words at the Right Time Volume 2: Your Turn!|Find happiness where you can," she said softly. "It's not just the great big whammo things. Look for the beauty of life in the small things, and you'll be the happiest person alive.
Horace|It is not the rich man you should properly call happy, but him who knows how to use with wisdom the blessings of the gods, to endure hard poverty, and who fears dishonor worse than death, and is not afraid to die for cherished friends or fatherland.
Tove Jansson, Moominvalley in November|Можно лежать на мосту и смотреть, как течет вода. Или бегать, или побродить по болоту в красных сапожках, или же свернуться клубочком и слушать, как дождь стучит по крыше. Быть счастливой очень легко.
Meghan Daum|Analyzing data from 79 men and women who wore inconspicuous devices that recorded some of their conversations over the course of four days, researchers from Washington University and the University of Arizona found a correlation between feelings of well-being and the amount of time spent talking every day. Moreover, the more substantive your conversations, the happier you're likely to be. In other words, heart-to-hearts trump small talk. (LA Times, "A lof of happy talk", March 11, 2010, A21.)
Petar Dunov|Being happy is a great science. If you are not happy, do not be confused. Happiness is hard to achieve.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience|It might be true that it is “quality time” that counts, but after a certain point quantity has a bearing on quality.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|When I count my blessings, I find you in every one.
Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole|It's always something here - if there isn't a riot, then someone's usually trying to escape. The wasted effort helps me see the positives of imprisonment. Unlike those pulling their hair out in good society, here we don't have to feel ashamed of our day-to-day unhappiness. Here we have someone visible to blame - someone wearing shiny boots. That's why, on consideration, freedom leaves me cold. Because out there in the real world, freedom means you have to admit authorship, even when your story turns out to be a real stinker.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|...the Puritans compressed whatever mirth and public joy they deemed allowable to human infirmity; thereby so far dispelling the customary cloud, that, for the space of a single holiday, they appeared scarcely more grave than most other communities at a period of general affliction.
Patricia MacLachlan, All the Places to Love|Where else," I will say, "does an old turtle crossing the path Make all the difference in the world?
George Gissing|Money is time. With money I buy for cheerful use the hours which otherwise would not in any sense be mine; nay, which would make me their miserable bondsman.
Charles E. Coughlin|I have dedicated my life to fight against the heinous rottenness of modern capitalism because it robs the laborer of this world's goods. But blow for blow I shall strike against Communism, because it robs us of the next world's happiness.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Health, wealth, happiness,live long and always prosper,have families and also friends,let them be lasting in me forever.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Life always gives us another change: It's called "To Move On".
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Your words, thoughts, intentions and actions today are your best hope, comfort, building blocks and insurance for tomorrow. But it is now alone that is guaranteed – tomorrow is a dream, a maybe a potential gift. It’s now - not tomorrow - where happiness and fulfilment live...awaiting your discovery. It’s all this that will make each extra day that may arrive extra special and rich.
Samuel Johnson, Life of Richard Savage|It has been observed in all ages that the advantages of nature or of fortune have contributed very little to the promotion of happiness; and that those whom the splendour of their rank, or the extent of their capacity, have placed upon the summits of human life, have not often given any just occasion to envy in those who look up to them from a lower station; whether it be that apparent superiority incites great designs, and great designs are naturally liable to fatal miscarriages; or that the general lot of mankind is misery, and the misfortunes of those whose eminence drew upon them an universal attention, have been more carefully recorded, because they were more generally observed, and have in reality only been more conspicuous than others, not more frequent, or more severe.
Jude Morgan, Indiscretion|The glitter of the great world, you know, is only so much froth and spume: you may look in vain for happiness there.
Viet Thanh Nguyen|I believe our clever young man has intuited that while only the pursuit of happiness is promised to all Americans, unhappiness is guaranteed for many.
Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts|I like the disaster of the night sky, stars spilling this way and that as if they were upturned from a glass. I like the way good madness feels. I like the way laughter always spills. That's the word for it. It never just comes, it spills. I like the word 'again'. Again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again. I like the quiet sound a coffee cup makes when it's set down on a wooden table. So hushed. So inviting. Like morning light yawning through the window and stretching out onto the kitchen floor. I like the way girls' lips look like they're stained with berries. I like the way morning light breaks like a prism through the empty wine bottles on our dusty apartment floor. Glasses empty except for the midnight hour. I like the way blueberries stain my fingers during the summer. I like the way light hits your eyes and turns it into a color that doesn't exist anywhere else other than in this moment. I want it all. I want the breeze to call my name as it rushes down my street, looking for me. I want to feel grass underneath my bare feet and I want to feel the sun kiss freckles onto my cheeks. I want to hear you yell hello as you make your way towards me, not goodbye as you have to go. That's just a little bit about me.
Anzia Yezierska, Bread Givers|I felt I could turn the earth upside down with my littlest finger. I wanted to dance, to fly in the air and kiss the sun and stars with my singing heart. I, alone with myself, was enjoying myself for the first time as with grandest company.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Do you not realize that your kids are going to make mistakes, and a lot of them? Do you not realize the damage you do when you push your son’s nose into his mishaps or make your daughter feel worthless because she bumped or spilled something? Do you have any idea how easy it is to make your child feel abject? It’s as simple as letting out the words, “why would you do that!?” or “how many times have I told you…
Edgar Allan Poe, Berenice|How is it that from beauty I have derived a type of unloveliness?—from the covenant of peace a simile of sorrow? But as, in ethics, evil is a consequence of good, so, in fact, out of joy is sorrow born.
Todd Stocker|If you walk in joy, happiness is close behind.
Nandhiji, Mastery of Consciousness: Awaken the Inner Prophet: Liberate Yourself with Yogic Wisdom.|To fall in love for any reason does cause fires of emotion. When we are in love, we ride on a positive energy as compared to not being in love. When we are love, we transcend conditional love to that of unconditional and we are now flowering in consciousness. Love is a very important element of consciousness as it becomes purer with Source union even as our consciousness is expanded further. Consciousness is love that is light.
R.W. van Bemmelen|We will be able to depart this life with the quiet peace-giving notion, that we were permitted to contribute to the happiness of many who will live after us. In our long lives we endeavored to unfold the collective consciousness. In our lives we have known hell and heaven; the final balance, however, is that we helped pave the way to dynamic harmony in this earthly house. That, I believe, is the meaning of life.
Seth D.|Be like the flower, content with its nature.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Huge difference between being happy at will, and chasing euphoric moments as an escape. One doesn't cost a dime, the other will tax your soul.
Peace Gypsy|You are the moon that breaks the night . You are the fear that I hate to fight. Times are wrong in all that is done. My treasure is love that I give to only one. Cherrish the treasures given to your heart and never let anything hurt from the start. You chose your path so accept and believe, that peace love and light are needed to breathe.
José Antonio Cotrina, La sombra de la luna|(...) La felicidad es tener un corazón capaz de amar. Es saber que has sido importante para alguien... Que de algún modo, en algún momento, has marcado la diferencia. Y la muerte no es nada en comparación con esos momentos.
E. Haldeman-Julius, The meaning of atheism|We advocate the atheistic philosophy because it is the only clear, consistent position which seems possible to us. As atheists, we simply deny the assumptions of theism; we declare that the God idea, in all its features, is unreasonable and unprovable; we add, more vitally, that the God idea is an interference with the interests of human happiness and progress. We oppose religion not merely as a set of theological ideas; but we must also oppose religion as a political, social and moral influence detrimental to the welfare of humanity.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|One thing I've learned: we don't stumble accidentally into an amazing life. It takes decision, a commitment to consistently work on ourselves.
James Watson|I am happy that I can aid those admirable men, both living and dead, who by their pens or their tongues have aided the great cause of human liberty and universal happiness.
Sandeep Mehra|This planet is a "Hell" and there is no "Heaven" up there. So, learn to be "Happy in Hell".
Roy  Bennett|Success, like happiness, is a by-product, not a goal.
Deborah Day|Make a pledge to yourself right now, to declare that you are worth your time and energy.
Thomas Browne|I am the happiest man alive. I have that in me that can convert poverty to riches, adversity to prosperity, and I am more invulnerable than Archilles; Fortune hath not one place to hit me.
Holly Mosier|The most important reason for your “no” is that you need your downtime so you won’t behave like a jerk because you’re depleted. And you don’t want to battle an appetite spiked by the stress of overcommitment. But that’s your secret; others don’t need that information. So just smile, say no, thank you, and keep moving.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|Riches can all be lost, but that happiness in your own heart can only be veiled, and it will bring you happiness again, as long as you live.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|The cake had a trick candle that wouldn't go out, so I didn't get my wish. Which was just that it would always be like this, that my life could be a party just for me.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|I think it doesn’t matter if you or I or anybody else thinks homosexuality is a sin. It doesn’t matter if you or I think anything is a sin. It doesn’t matter if homosexuality is a sin or not. In fact, it doesn’t matter if anything anybody else does is a sin or not.Because sin is a very personal thing! It always has been and it always will be!And it has nothing to do with love.
Alfred Bester, The Stars My Destination|If you can have everything at fifty that you wanted when you were fifteen, you're happy.
Jean Vanier, Finding Peace|[Happiness] comes when we choose to be who we are, to be ourselves, at this present moment in our lives.
Sri Aurobindo|I swore that I would not suffer from the world's grief and the world's stupidity and cruelty and injustice and I made my heart as hard in endurance as the nether millstone and my mind as a polished surface of steel. I no longer suffered, but enjoyment had passed away from me.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams|-Please, Anita, go home, and don’t freak. Just go home, and be happy. Be happy, and let everyone around you be happy. Is that so hard?When Jason said it like that, it didn’t seem hard. In fact, it seemed to make a lot of sense, but inside, it felt hard. Inside it felt like the hardest thing in the world. To just let go, and not pick everything to death. To just let go and enjoy what you had. To just let go and not make everybody around you miserable with your own internal dialogue. To just let go and be happy. So simple. So difficult. So terrifying.
Ron Rash, Serena|We had some good times at school. I didn't know how good those times was till I left, but I guess that's the way of it
T.M. Brenner|Pick a sunset, and we'll ride off into it together.
Snigdha Rai|Life isn't about counting what you've earned or what you've done for others. I think life is in those in-between moments when you do something, and you feel really, truly happy just by doing it.
T.H. White, Alfred Hitchcock Presents: Stories That Scared Even Me|Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness.
Stephen Richards|If you do not have persistence then no amount of education, talent or genius can make up for it.
Jess C. Scott, Clear: A Guide to Treating Acne Naturally|When our emotional health is in a bad state, so is our level of self-esteem. We have to slow down and deal with what is troubling us, so that we can enjoy the simple joy of being happy and at peace with ourselves.
Mary Oliver, Swan: Poems and Prose Poems|Percy wakes me (fourteen)Percy wakes me and I am not ready.He has slept all night under the covers.Now he’s eager for action: a walk, then breakfast.So I hasten up. He is sitting on the kitchen counter Where he is not supposed to be. How wonderful you are, I say. How clever, if you  Needed me,  To wake me. He thought he would a lecture and deeply  His eyes begin to shine.He tumbles onto the couch for more compliments.He squirms and squeals: he has done something  That he needed  And now he hears that it is okay. I scratch his ears. I turn him over And touch him everywhere. He isWild with the okayness of it. Then we walk, then He has breakfast, and he is happy.This is a poem about Percy.This is a poem about more than Percy.Think about it.
Stephen Richards|You are human, so stop acting as if though you are a sheep and start thinking for yourself.
