Cassandra Clare|I think that's just a story.""But, Jace," she said. "All stories are true.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|Now fair and marvellous was that vessel made, and it was filled with a wavering flame, pure and bright; and Earendil the Mariner sat at the helm, glistening with dust of elven-gems, and the Silmaril was bound upon his brow. Far he journeyed in that ship, even into the starless voids; but most often was he seen at morning or at evening, glimmering in sunrise or sunset, as he came back to Valinor from voyages beyond the confines of the world.
Ness Kingsley, The Curse of Cackling Meadows|I hope so,” grumbled Ian. “I’m going to look for another one of ‘em winged dogs for Mabel.
Tony Rabig, Doorways|When it came to time travel, science and science fiction and fantasy had flip-flopped. Nobody was going to create a machine that traveled to the future or the past. Time machines might be accepted in science fiction as an enabling device to get the story moving, but they're like faster-than-light space ships-- neither one is going to happen any time soon, not with any technology we know how to implement.The guys who had it figured were the fantasists, Dennis. The Finneys and the Mathesons and the Ellisons and the Serlings. No machines and no advanced physics, at least not most of the time. Just an overpowering desire. Just need and longing and pain and regret and the right talisman or the right surroundings. Put the right person in the right place, and perhaps with the right objects, and the potential for time travel is there.
N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms|He has come to seduce the god of seduction, and oh, has he come prepared.
Christie Golden|Each part of your body corresponds with an element,” the Maiden explained. “Your hair is air. How you toss your head, play with your hair - that is all for air magic. You can command the wind. Arms are for fire,” she said, making fluttery, flame-like motions with her tendriled fingers and slim green arms. “Fire, fire elementals, electricity, light, and heat come from their movements. Water,” she said, swaying her hips, “is from your center. This is why your middle must be free to move. And earth is the feet, where you make contact with the mother of us all.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Magical|She was tasked with guarding the doorway to the Otherworld, keeping the balance of nature (as much as anyone could in these modern times), and occasionally, helping a worthy seeker.
Vishwanath S J|If the future historians were to digitally unearth our generation, they would decipher the facial expressions on the "Selfie's" as the generation of people suffering from wide spread constipation!
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Magical|Is he evil?" the dog asked, an eager gleam in his wide brown eyes. "If he's evil, I'd be happy to eat him for you.
Kelly Link|Bethany had liked Miles because he made her laugh. He makes me laugh, too. Miles figured that digging up Bethany's grave, even that would've made her laugh. Bethany had had a great laugh, which went up and up, like a clarinetist on an escalator. It wasn't annoying. It had been delightful, if you liked that kind of laugh. It would have made Bethany laugh that Miles Googled “grave digging” in order to educate himself. He read an Edgar Allan Poe story. He watched several relevant episodes of Buffy The Vampire Slayer, and he bought Vicks®VapoRub™, which you were supposed to apply under your nose.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Magical|A Baba Yaga never breaks a promise. Legs, yes. Hearts, occasionally. But never a promise.
Ness Kingsley, The Curse of Cackling Meadows|Instead she looked very hard at the woman's chin. On it was a single white hair - visible even in the heavy dusk - that closely resembled a piece of thread hanging off a scrap of fabric. The woman forgot about Rusty for a moment. "I call her Hephzibah," she said with pride. "It's taken years for her to grow.
John Berryman, The Dream Songs|During those years he met his seminars,went & lectured & read, talked with human beings,paid insurance & taxes;but his mind was not on it. his mind was elsewheresin an area where the soul not talks but sings& where foes are attacked with axes.
C.J. Milbrandt, Aboard the Train|They were daughters of the sky. Luck belonged to them— never bad, often good, sometimes hard.
C.J. Milbrandt, Aboard the Train|Your name isn't Sniffles?" Ewan pretended to be surprised.
S. Elizabeth Dover|But I assure you, a government that is willing to put their own children in danger, their own future, just to see their potential, is twisted. We do not grab babies, newborns, and throw them out of windows just to see if they sprout wings.
T.S. Pettibone, Hatred Day|They were like lightning and rain, existing together but clashing at their very natures.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|What would you here, unhappy mortal, and for what cause have you left your own land to enter this, which is forbidden to such as you? Can you show reason why my power should not be laid on you in heavy punishment for your insolence and folly?" Then Beren looking up beheld the eyes of Luthien, and his glance went also to the face of Melian; and it seemed to him that words were put into his mouth. Fear left him, and the pride of the eldest house of Men returned to him; and he said: "My fate, O King, led me hither, through perils such as few even of the Elves would dare. And here I have found what I sought not indeed, but finding I would possess for ever. For it is above all gold and silver, and beyond all jewels. Neither rock, nor steel, nor the fires of Morgoth, nor all the powers of the Elf-kingdoms, shall keep from me the treasure that I desire. For Luthien your daughter is the fairest of all the Children of the World." Then silence fell upon the hall...
Robin Hobb, Fool's Quest|I found myself speaking softly as if I were telling an old tale to a young child. And giving it a happy ending, when all know that tales never end, and the happy ending is but a moment to catch one’s breath before the next disaster. But I didn’t want to think about that. I didn’t want to wonder what would happen next.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|It was as if I had been following a narrow trail, and had suddenly realized that at any time I could leave it and strike out cross-country.
Lee Davidson, Satellite|It’s like a jolt of electricity, but worse.
Lee   Davidson, Satellite|Dude, it's mind control. That's got to be the best superpower ever!
T.S. Pettibone, Hatred Day|In the year 2052, it's not love but hate that unites the world.
Lee Davidson, Elite|If upper management found out, they’d send you off to the Probing Department.
T.S. Pettibone, Hatred Day|You'll regret that, Bourkan.
Lee   Davidson, Satellite|It's like a jolt of electric, but worse.
Denny B. Reese, The Broken Court|She wasn’t looking at herself in the glass, but out at a great silver moon hanging beyond a thin metal balcony that looked over the grey towers of a human city.
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|Will we have pets?” I bite back the question regarding kids. While this might be a fun fantasy, imagining being responsible for something like that is terrifying.“Sure.” Noah stays near the fire on one bent knee and occasionally pokes it to keep the dwindling flames alive. “I had a dog once.”“What type?”“A mix of some sort. Part Lab, part something smaller than Lab. Its paws were too big for its body, so it skidded across the kitchen floor.”“Is that what you want?”“If we’re going to live alone on a mountain, we need a guard dog. A German shepherd. Something like that.”“Guard dog?” Not what I had in mind for the fantasy. “We need something cute and cuddly.” I squish my fingers in the air as if I have the little puff ball in my hands. “It can sleep in our bed.”“No fucking way, Echo. I’m not sharing my bed with a dog.
Daniel Polansky, The Builders|Next to her a calico cat puffed away at a hubble-bubble. Puss’s watch cost more than his vest, and his vest cost more than his boots, and his boots cost more than a house. If you stripped him naked and sold off his costume, you’d walk away with enough money to retire—though if you left him alive you wouldn’t have long to enjoy it. The only thing that could rival Puss’s vanity was his sadism.
Sara Raasch, Snow Like Ashes|I know he sees it, because for the briefest moment he drops his expressionless mask and the look in his eyes shows me he feels the same way. A mirror of every part of myself I can't bear to face.
Criss Jami, Healology|The best of fiction, as we know, of course, doesn't tell the truth; it tales the truth.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|Therefore Morgoth came, climbing slowly from his subterranean throne, and the rumour of his feet was like thunder underground. And he issued forth clad in black armour; and he stood before the King like a tower, iron-crowned, and his vast shield, sable unblazoned, cast a shadow over him like a stormcloud. But Fingolfin gleamed beneath it as a star; for his mail was overlaid with silver, and his blue shield was set with crystals; and he drew his sword Ringil, that glittered like ice.
Kathryn Perez, Letters Written in White|No, that's where you are wrong. Your mind was full of sadness and darkness. That is a very different thing entirely. On earth it's nearly impossible to know it, but our minds are not at all who we are. Our brains are just an organ. When we died, our minds died too. All of this, all of what is to come, it's your soul. Our souls never die. They are the very root of who we are, not what we are, but who we are.
Melissa de la Cruz, The Isle of the Lost|Who wanted to make lemonade from lemons, when you could make perfectly good lemonade grenades?
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|Then Maeglin bowed low and took Turgon for lord and king, to do all his will; but thereafter he stood silent and watchful, for the bliss and splendour of Gondolin surpassed all that he had imagined from the tales of his mother, and he was amazed by the strength of the city and the hosts of its people, and the many things strange and beautiful that he beheld. Yet to none were his eyes more often drawn than to Idril the King's daughter, who sat beside him; for she was golden as the Vanyar, her mother's kindred, and she seemed to him as the sun from which all the King's hall drew its light.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|Westcliff sees an odd sort of logic in why you would finally be the one to win St. Vincent’s heart. He says a girl like you would appeal to…hmm, how did he put it?…I can’t remember the exact words, but it was something like…you would appeal to St. Vincent’s deepest, most secret fantasy.” Evie felt her cheeks flushing while a skirmish of pain and hope took place in the tired confines of her chest. She tried to respond sardonically. “I should think his fantasy is to consort with as many women as possible.” A grin crossed Lillian’s lips. “Dear, that is not St. Vincent’s fantasy, it’s his reality. And you’re probably the first sweet, decent girl he’s ever had anything to do with.” “He spent quite a lot of time with you and Daisy in Hampshire,” Evie countered. That seemed to amuse Lillian further. “I’m not at all sweet, dear. And neither is my sister. Don’t say you have been laboring under that misconception all this time?
M.A. Church, Behind the Eight Ball|I'm so tired of being alone," Heller whispered, voice broken. "So very tired of being on the outside looking in. Please ..."I tightened my arms around him. Could Heller be asking for what I thought? "What, Heller? Please what? What do you want?" "You," Heller murmured. "I want you. Please tell me you don't hate me for what I did. Or how I acted in the beginning. Please give me a chance ... please don't leave me." Squeezing my eyes closed, I fought not to let the tears escape, my heart threatening to break at the anguish I heard in Heller's voice.
Mikey Campling, Trespass|The cool touch of the rock soothed Waeccan. He felt its strengthflowing into him, trickling through his fingertips. The Shades wereon his side. They would bring back the peace he needed for hiswork. The intruder was just a man—nothing more. He would bedealt with. Everything would be as it was meant to be. Waeccanallowed himself a grim smile. How strange it was that he, whosename meant watcher, had become the one who was watched.
Mads Sukalikar, Do Virgins Taste Better? And Other Tales of Whimsy|The day the Dragon chooses a male virgin instead of a female as his yearly sacrifice, the entire kingdom erupts into mass protests and anger.
Mads Sukalikar, Do Virgins Taste Better? And Other Tales of Whimsy|When Sleeping Beauty wakes up, the whole palace is upset. “You must go back to sleep,” her mother tells her, “It’s not time.” From what she understands, the Prince hasn’t come to rescue her yet.
Mads Sukalikar, Do Virgins Taste Better? And Other Tales of Whimsy|The next morning, boom! She found herself waking in bed next to the handsome, rogue-supporting character of her favourite novel. Out of the blue, Mary Sue was inside the #1 bestseller, epic fantasy novel ever written.
Mads Sukalikar, Do Virgins Taste Better? And Other Tales of Whimsy|When the Lilliputian family of the Pequenos migrated to Gulliver’s land of the Man Mountains, they expected to encounter many strange issues while settling in. What Mrs Pequenos didn’t anticipate was her daughter’s announcement that she was in love with a Man Mountain boy and was going to get married.
Azia Kaida|Sometimes I wonder who the real monsters are. The ones without the hearts or the ones who rip them out" - Bastion of Aberrants (In progress)
Amy Rae Durreson, Reawakening|If you’re trying to reassure me, don’t make it sound like you want to eat me.” Tarn leaned in farther, letting the long twists of his hair fall to brush Gard’s cheek. Then he murmured, putting a little growl into it, “I do want to eat you. I like the way you taste.
Joe Abercrombie|By swap news do you mean drink?" "I do, and that excessively.
Adrian G. Hilder|A legacy is not what is recorded in history books or repeated in song, but what is woven into the souls of those who remain.(from The General's Legacy)
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|I mean,” he said, “that by your own showing, the greatest threat to heaven comes from within the ranks of the angels themselves. Before you can prove to me that heroes can defeat villains with nothing but the purest chivalric ideals, you must convince me that heroes do exist, and that villains are not a fanciful tale for children. You must tell me, sir, if you dare, that you are incorruptible, and that your colleagues and commanders are as pure as you.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|Blanchefleur felt a quick rush of affection for her. When the world frowned, Branwen went on smiling. There was a heart of steel under all that froth and bubble.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|In the dim sunset Perceval looked the glade over and said, “Does your lady wife think so little of sending you out on deadly errands?” Sir Gareth unstrapped the blanket from behind his saddle. “It’s our fourth child. I’ve grown accustomed to it.” “Of course,” Perceval said with a grin, “even dragonfire might burn less hot than my lady aunt’s temper.” Sir Gareth cuffed Perceval across the ear. “For that piece of insolence, youngster, you take the first watch. And be glad you are so tender in years that I dare not risk my honour upon you in single combat to prove my Lynet as sweet-tempered as she should be.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|Perceval said to the Grail Knight: “Will you break a spear with me this day?” He did not expect Galahad to look down on him from Lancelot’s immense height and say, gently, as if he knew it must disappoint, “Sir, I cannot.” “No? Well, there are others to fight,” said Perceval, trying not to show how vexed he felt to be denied the honour. “Not for any lack of love,” Galahad added. “But for the regard in which I hold you, Perceval of Wales.
Kathy Cyr, Max Hamby and the Emerald Hunt|Max, you cannot stay in the background forever. It is time to stand out in front. You have all that you need.” Analea
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|How you must hate Logres,” she said in a dry mouth. “Hate Logres?” He leaned back in his chair, shaking his head. “There is an anger that is deserved, Blanche. Tell me. Look me in the eye, if you can, and tell me—to my face—that Logres is without sin.
Kathy Cyr, Max Hamby and the Onyx Eyes|Little boys jump, but they do not know where. Into the mouth of the demon lair. Hold still and you will see, in his hand is the key. Fire and brimstone. Brimstone and fire. Your ally is clever. a thief and a liar. All is not lost. You can turn it around. But, for a moment...all will be well.....peaceful and sound." Alice.
Kathy Cyr, Max Hamby and the Blood Diamond|You’re such a little moron, aren’t you? They will hunt you down to the ends of the earth. It’s nothing personal, just business. It’s all about survival, dear boy." Drusilla Blackwood
Kate Atkinson, Case Histories|Amelia envisaged that between York and the royal-infested Scottish Highlands there was a grimy wasteland of derelict cranes and abandoned mills and betrayed, yet still staunch, people. Oh and moorland, of course, vast tracts of brooding landscape under lowering skies, and across this heath strode brooding, lowering men intent on reaching their ancestral houses, where they were going to fling open doors and castigate orphaned yet resolute governesses. Or — preferably — the brooding, lowering men were on horseback, black horses with huge muscled haunches, glistening with sweat —
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|She slipped off the lid and took out a little hourglass hanging on a silver pivot from a black ribbon, its belly full of twinkling black sand. "Oh, it's beautiful!" "You like it." Her guardian, the antiquarian, who invested every colour, gemstone, beast, and planet with arcane and symbolic meaning, would likely give her a lecture on saturnine influences. Blanche decided not to care. "Yes, I do.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|I have fled from the wilderness fasting, with woe and unflagging travail,I have sought for the light on the mountain, and skirted the devilish dale. I have laid my mouth in the dust, and begged the Might to be kind,I have come to the feast, and I famish. Now grant me the Holy Grail.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|It was like listening to the universe in motion. Planets spinning on their appointed courses, the lives of men intersecting and parting, the unimaginable harmony of the human body itself in hierarchy and order, were all implied in the song, but something greater as well: the genius of the composer, which must surely approach the miraculous. Perceval closed his eyes and was lost in the weaving music.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|There was carpet under Blanchefleur’s feet and the scent of clean and delicate things in her nostrils—perfume, babies, soap, and tea. Homesickness hit her like a clenched fist; this was worse than memory.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|He grinned. “Do not fear. I am here to serve you, as I promised.” Despite the fit of schoolgirl giggles that had seized her in Carbonek when he first proposed to be her knight, his assurance annoyed her now. “You inspire me with confidence,” she said, honey-sweet. “With a few more years and experience, you would make a capable guardian, I’m sure.” “And you an amiable ward,” he said, bowing again.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|Do not deceive yourself, Gawain. There are black places in the heart of every man.
Kathy Cyr, Max Hamby and the Blood Diamond|Hurry up, Hodgeyboy! You run like a fat badger after Sunday tea." Mibbitwiss
Kathy Cyr, Max Hamby and the Blood Diamond|If you do not get to her time...............He will cut out her heart & feed it to the fishes...." Alice
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|A knight will give a lady a ring from his hand and take a kiss from her lips, when he wishes to love her and serve her all his days," she recited, as she had when he was small. She pulled the ring from the chain and held it out to him. "This ring is the knight's who swore to serve me. Take it. One day you may find a lady to wear it.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|Oh, Perceval, a falcon is born to hunt, and so are you. One day you will hunt indeed--but not yet." "Why? Am I not ready?"She looked at him sadly and said, "Give me a little longer.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|Sir Ector looked into the fire, fidgeting with something in his pocket. "I have something for you," he said at last. "It was your mother's." And he drew out the thing in his pocket and held it up to her. The ring Blanche took from him was antique silver, cabochon-set with a glimmering moonstone. Her mother's ring! Blanche folded it into her hand and held tightly to the only thing her parents had left her.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|I did not do it for you, sire." Gawain was deadly serious now. "Death comes to us and all mortals. I shall still lose you one day. But Logres! The only perfection under heaven would fall if I could not save you.
Kathy Cyr, Max Hamby and the Emerald Hunt|Let me out, witch," growled Alice. She began to hum off key.Griselda stepped away from the door."I can help the little wee babes," Alice sung sweetly. "Through the woods and into the dark. Where he whispers the words to make his mark. Little boy of green..." Alice chuckled. "...has gone to the wizard who is evil and mean.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|Then this is for you," Galahad said, and drew a knife from the pouch at his belt. It was an odd little thing, T-hilted and small enough to fit into a woman's hand. Its translucent blade, only an inch and a half long, was bound with scrolling bronze wire to the bone hilt. "Have a care. Obsidian is sharper than anything else in the world, sharp enough to make sunlight bleed.
Amy Tan, The Valley of Amazement|I now lived in an invisible place made of my own dwindling breath, and because no one else could see it, they could not yank me out of it.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|No one can destroy the love God has for you. When you abide in truth, you also abide in love. And truth is evidence of love. Nothing can destroy the power of trusting and loving unconditionally.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|The media represents world that is more real than reality that we can experience. People lose the ability to distinguish between reality and fantasy. They also begin to engage with the fantasy without realizing what it really is.They seek happiness and fulfilment through the simulacra of reality, e.g. media and avoid the contact/interaction with the real world.
Chrys Cymri, The Dragon Throne|The Prancer stepped back and studied her for a moment. Then, with a gleam in his eye, he said, 'All unicorns know the Land. Few humans do. But no unicorn knows how to brew ale.''I’m glad humans have some use.''Only those who can brew ale.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|Happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won-some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it-but something to carry doggedly through everything.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|I am always a perfect gentleman. If you ever want me to not be a perfect gentlemen, you’ll have to ask and not be crying when you do.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|You are never to drive like that,” I told them. “Even if you are ever wealthy enough to own a Jaguar.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|I love the man,” Megan said as she took a seat, “but honestly he needs to learn when not to agree with me.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|That’s the problem! She doesn’t say anything. She just stares at me like she’s hypnotized, like she thinks I’m a god, but then she runs off squeaking if I try to talk to her.”“I don’t squeak,” I protested. “Maybe she’s not looking at you like you’re a god. Maybe she thinks you’re more of a freak,” Fergus mused.“I’m not a freak.” Murphy jerked his head as if dodging a fly or tossing his hair. “It’s definitely a ‘you’re a god’ look. She practically drools.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|I’m an ass,” the voice on the phone said. “A complete and total ass.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Leprechauns are not twee beings dreamed up by the tourist board, but warriors of legend. That name comes from the Celtic god of commerce and war, Lugh. Their mission, their life’s work, is to protect the gold. What better way to hide it than to become a joke, a story nobody takes seriously?
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Jinx, I know you just lost your grandfather, but you straighten out your tone right now or I will smack you one!
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Ah, that’s just sean nós singing and dancing. Something to do around the pub of an evening.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Don’t know what I’m talking about? Don’t know what I’m talking about!” My shout hit notes that normally only Wagnerian sopranos can reach. “You think you’re a freaking leprechaun, but I don’t know what I’m talking about?
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|No, really,” she said. “We get it. Sometimes the guy just makes you crazy, even if you do love him.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|You could have agreed to disagree,” Megan argued. “Then you could kiss and make up. That could be fun.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|A country road, a gravel road, is a sign of civilization, sure, but it’s just a farm, an easy conquest. Iron means a stronghold, people who can defend what’s theirs.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|You can’t have it both ways. Either I’m Irish and can talk, or I’m a man and I can’t.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Mr. Jennings is the one who trapped the fairies here to begin with. If they’re back and wandering around, if they’re loose, then, well, it’s not good.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|That’s not Eire. Everyone always thinks that, but we’re not shamrocks and wee men. You should know the difference.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Murphy didn’t appear to notice my chagrin, but instead pulled up the hem of his long-sleeved tee to wipe at his face. Since he flashed his sculpted abdominals right at me, I grew hot and flushed. I mean, you could see every dip and curve, including the ones on either hip that made a V to lead the eye to the fly of his jeans.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Everyone helping out was supposed to make me feel better, but it actually made me feel more like a screw up.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Now, where had I heard drinking and brawling before? Oh right, Ashley’s father. Well, I wasn’t doing that again.
Susan Schroder|In Dark Places, May we Never be truly Alone.....~Susan Schroder, Circle the Sun books
Karen L Milstein, Fergus and the Princess: A Lasker the Storyteller Tale|A story from beginning to end that might entertain, teach, or simply bore your listener. It's all in the delivery, my dear."He got a smug look on his face as he scooted his posterior deeper into the chair and took his pipe between his teeth. "I'm just better at it than most.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Leave city, leave reality; enter forest, enter fantasy!
Michael Moorcock, Elric of Melniboné|Why should their pain produce such marvelous beauty? he wonders. Or is all beauty created through pain? Is that the secret of great art, both human and Melnibonen?
Stephen King, The Shining|Sometimes human places, create inhuman monsters.― Stephen King, The Shining
Andrew James Pritchard, Sukiyaki|I couldn’t believe it; my deepest darkest fantasy of a cute school girl slowly stripping in front of me was finally unbelievingly coming true! Furthermore, it wasn’t just any school girl, but one from my school, that was the icing on the cake, or at least it should have been. Because, at the same time that my fantasy was becoming reality, I felt that I was being very badly cheated. Why couldn’t it have been sixteen year old Heather Johnson or fifteen year old Pamela wade stripping before me, instead of the eight year old Ami Fujishiro?
Patrick Stuart, False Readings|Then Viol Chrime-Forgot and Sir Duno Chrime held each other tightly and wept sweet tears and Sir Duno Chrime swore that he did not care if his squire was a little strange and that he would never abandon him again so long as he lived and Viol Chrime-Forgot said he did not care if Duno Chrime was old, or mad or thought that he was made of glass, for he would never be apart from him again no matter what adventure fell, and though neither could hear each other over the roaring of the endless falls, or see each others tears for the misty dripping of the cave each knew what the other said and meant, and so they were friends again and remained so for as long as they both lived.
David Hodgson, A Fractured Land: Tales of the Northern Realms|Elves are extremely long-lived -- the passing years are but a blink of an eye to them. What also sets them apart from us is the very narrow window during which they can procreate, and, as a natural consequence, their very low fertility. The Aen Seidhe believe this to be the main reason for their decline. As one of my elven friends put it, "Even though we fought like wolves, we lost to a race which fucks like rabbits.
Isabelle Hardesty, Legends of the Dragon Vol. 1|Be careful mi amor, don't hurt anyone this time.
Isabelle Hardesty, Legends of the Dragon Vol. 1|She looked at him and felt a dagger pierce her heart, then she felt a warm chocolate feeling swallow her senses.
Audrey Niffenegger|It's terrific, Clare," Henry says, and we stare at each other, and I think, "Don't leave me.
Andrew James Pritchard, Sukiyaki|Still, I was thinking that this was all wrong, despite feeling so nice, for once again one of my most sacred and deepest erotic fantasies was brutally being shattered, and once more it was all because of Ami. After all, it had been one of my fondest dreams, as a teenager, to lie in bed cuddling with a cute girl, or even with Yumi. Of course, in those many imaginations, we were both naked and we were having wild passionate sex as well as cuddling, but there before me at that very moment was the sad pathetic reality.
Marcin Batylda, The World of the Witcher|In time, the witchers' steel swords earned the name of "swords for men." A foul moniker, though not one conjured out of thin air. A good steel blade is indeed our first line of defense against mankind's hatred, stupidity, or greed. The world is full of those who would happily kill a witcher - out of resentment toward our trade, for fame, or simply to profit by snatching up our hard-earned coin. So the witchers, fully aware of the situation, never hesitated to relieve this world of the burden of dolts who were so thick headed as to threaten their lives. For that reason, in my day we called our steel swords "swords for fools." Unfortunately, seeing as how mendacious the two-faced scoundrels of bitches seem to rule this world, a great many fools have been apparently spared this selection process.
Isabelle Hardesty, Legends of the Dragon Vol. 1|Be careful mi amor, don't hurt anyone this time." Cordia reminded Jade.
J.R. Ward, Lover Avenged|In this state, the club was The Wizard of Oz made obvious: All the magic that went on here night after night, all the buzz and excitement, was really just a combination of electronics, booze, and chemicals, an illusion for the people who walked through the front doors, a fantasy that allowed them to be whatever they weren't in their day-to-day lives.
Duane Hewitt|In dream, delusion, and fantasy, exist man’s next best reality: that place where he is the creator of his own worlds; where he builds, learns, discovers and entertains; is master of all outcomes, his own god of destiny, and thus the student of his own evolving and ever uncertain truth.
Roan Clay, Concerning a Man|The fool will teach ere he has learned, and his very servants scorn him.
Patrick Stuart, False Readings|Kulwar Wolters, a gloved man I suspect to be a Cliothaum, can and could be anywhere.Cliothaumy’s an illegal skill, rare and hard to learn. It lets you burn memory to twist the world in certain ways. The more you use it, the less you know why. Magic never gives you anything back, there’s always a trick. Kulwar Wolters used it rarely, if at all. But his fingertips were burnt, I think.
Cameron Jace, Happy Valentine's Slay, Children of Hamlin, Tooth & Nail & Fairy Tale, Ember in the Wind, Jar of Hearts, Welcome to Sorrow|The demon of revenge had already taken hold of his heart. The cancer of injustice had already eaten at his cheerful soul, leaving a skeleton of a carcass behind, one that could never feel compassion for humans—or anything else—again.
Susan Bass Marcus, Dragons Return|There was a time, before the battles between men and dragons, when the Veiled Valley was green and covered with trees, berry bushes, and wildflowers. Birdsong filled the air from early morning until sunset. Sunriseside, a mountain poked its peak above a vast, dark forrest. At the base of its tree-covered slopes, far below our ancestors' cave, a lodge housed a large family of Valley folk.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Ours was not one of those nice, quaintly old-fashioned mobile homes that senior citizens putter around in. We lived in the beat-up tin can of clichéd poverty.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|I realized that I sat in an empty bar in filthy, wet clothes with a drippy nose, probably red-rimmed eyes, and the most I could say I’d accomplished was that I was now congested. Oh, and one of the handsomest, nicest men I’d ever met cradled my face in warm, caressing hands with soft, sympathy in his brown eyes.
Moïra Fowley-Doyle, The Accident Season|I think that we all drown, in one way or another.
Shannon Hale, Princess Academy|No wolf falters before the bite, so strike.No hawk wavers before the dive, so swing.No sun pauses before the set, just strike.No rain delays before the fall, just swing.
Will Harondale, Clockwork Prince|It was books that kept me from taking my own life after I thought I could never love anyone, never be loved by anyone again.
William Joyce, Jack Frost|dJack be nimble,Jack be quick,Jack forgot to check if the ice was thick.Emma was still,Emma was late,Emma’s brother is now part of the lake.Time has passed,Time has gone,Time brought Jack back wrong.He was solemn,He was brave,He left his coat on Emma’s grave.Emma was sad,Emma was scared,But she knew inside that Jack really cared.Jack was lost,Jack had forgot,That he had a story before the plot.Jack had wondered,Jack had fought,Jack had remembered what he had forgot.I hope you dream.I hope you wonder.I hope you have fun because this is done.Keep believing everyone.Jack be fearless,Jack be bold,Jack drowned when he was 17 years old.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|For everything about him fitting her fantasy image of what she wanted, she still didn’t feel seen by him…and that made her all the more aware that maybe her fantasy wasn’t what she wanted at all.
Steven Erikson|The closest I ever got to Dragonlance and Forgotten Realms was when I bought the box game set for the latter (I think this was before the novels came out). I well recall this—we were living in James Bay, in Victoria. We opened the box up and took out the maps while sitting in a Mexican restaurant. Ten minutes later I was as close as I have ever been to publicly burning someone else’s creation…What bothered us was the reworking of every fantasy cliché imaginable, all in one package now, and none of it made sense.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|In the void, there is no distinction of east and west."Gwen blinked slightly at that. "I know all of those words, and yet when strung together like that I have no idea what they mean.
Linden Morningstar, The Starlight Prophecy|Remember Ping-fa, Sun Tzu,’ Art of War—read between the lines: kick ass and take names later.”MadStargirl
Linden Morningstar, The Starlight Prophecy|Mad, in exasperation, cried out to the unseen force, “Why did you summon us? There must be a reason. Tell us.” She heard a dreamlike voice.“You are Stargirls.” The voice paused, letting the fog and confusion of their nightmare to lift.Lyn found her voice, “But why us?”“You are the chosen ones by prophecy; you have proven your worthiness. A time warp brought you here. The one you opened was no accident. It was left a hundred thousand years ago just for you. Your Star training as children has prepared you well. You are ready for the next stage in your evolution.
J.R.R. Tolkien|All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost. The old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost.
Linden Morningstar, The Starlight Prophecy|Lyn, this was the “Aha!” moment when Desta found another astonishing skeleton. Remarkably, it appeared utterly human but existed before humans walked the Earth. Clutched in its hand a small sphere attached to an elaborate gold necklace. The sphere was not like any material on Earth. Remember when I told you our origins might lie in the stars? Well, I think we found the answer in the Afar desertMax
J.R.R. Tolkien|Still round the corner there may wait, A new road or a secret gate.
R.P. Miller|If the path isn't in front of you, you can't choose to walk it." - Viriathus, Revelation
Ob Nixilis (Magic: The Gathering|Have you ever seen a world fall to its knees? Watch, and learn.
David Nicholls, Us|By the time Albie is my age I will be long gone, or, best-case scenario, barricaded into my living module with enough rations to see out my days. But outside, I imagine vast, unregulated factories where workers count themselves lucky to toil through eighteen-hour days for less than a living wage before pulling on their gas masks to fight their way through the unemployed masses who are bartering with the mutated chickens and old tin-cans that they use for currency, those lucky workers returning to tiny, crowded shacks in a vast megalopolis where a tree is never seen, the air is thick with police drones, where car-bomb explosions, typhoons and freak hailstorms are so commonplace as to be barely remarked upon. Meanwhile, in the literally gilded towers above the carcinogenic smog, the privileged 1 per cent of businessmen, celebrities and entrepeneurs look down through bullet-proof windows, accept coktails in strange glasses from the robot waiters hovering nearby and laugh their tinkling laughs and somewhere, down there in that hellish, stewing mess of violence, poverty and desperation, is my son, Albie Petersen, a wandering minstrel with his guitar and his keen interest in photography, still refusing to wear a decent coat.
Lydhia Marie, Reveal|We must seek the truth, not revenge.” -Michelle
Moïra Fowley-Doyle|I think the we all drown, in one way or another.
Melissa Grey, The Girl at Midnight|Dorian's scar itched. It did that when he was agitated, or angry, or experiencing anything one might call emotion. Or when rain was on the horizon, but he didn't think that was entirely relevant to why it was itching now.
Stephanie Meyer|And so the lion fell in love with the lamb." - Edward Cullen, Twilight
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|It's entirely possible that there are memories you have buried or repressed, memories formed when you were too young to have a conscious recollection of them, that Brother Jeremiah can reach. It could help us a great deal.
M. John Harrison|Every moment of a science fiction story must represent the triumph of writing over worldbuilding.Worldbuilding is dull. Worldbuilding literalises the urge to invent. Worldbuilding gives an unnecessary permission for acts of writing (indeed, for acts of reading). Worldbuilding numbs the reader’s ability to fulfil their part of the bargain, because it believes that it has to do everything around here if anything is going to get done.Above all, worldbuilding is not technically necessary. It is the great clomping foot of nerdism. It is the attempt to exhaustively survey a place that isn’t there. A good writer would never try to do that, even with a place that is there. It isn’t possible, & if it was the results wouldn’t be readable: they would constitute not a book but the biggest library ever built, a hallowed place of dedication & lifelong study. This gives us a clue to the psychological type of the worldbuilder & the worldbuilder’s victim, & makes us very afraid.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Just Ella|Why did everyone like that story so much when it wasn't true? Why was everyone so eager to believe it? Was it because, in real life, ever after's generally stink?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if you miss what seems so glamorous; if you miss what seems so fantastic to have, don't worry. It may be just a matter of fantasy to have it. Real things are rare but real to have. serendipity and the vicissitudes of life determine what is real, ideal and what is a fantasy. The real future is uncertain to all.
Natasha Rendell, Arthur's Cosmic Heaven|You are more than likely thinking by now that all of this sounds somewhat fanciful, perhaps over the top, all too complicated and even perhaps at times chaotic. It may seem so at first glance, but life here is a complex and intriguing happening, with never a dull moment to be had. And why should it not be so? “Death” as you have named it, is not the end of life. It is to us a birth back here once again to our side, to our true home. So it is a rebirth in a sense.
Byron Fortin|There in the garden I stand amongst the trees and the flowers. Bare back as laid out upon the grassy knoll she awaits there for me now. Atop a bed of lotus blossoms, within a wall of roses and violets held she waits. A light breeze settles in against the angle of my naked continuity, and I am whole as one inside. So she rolls her body round, like some delicate feather blown on the wind, to conceal the gentle back contour and reveal a frontal nudity that would make beauty itself ache with the need, thick within the throes of jealously for having to so unwillingly surrender over the crown. It is in there that you find paradise, and it seems she too knows me by name of a gaze gaping, and notwithstanding but a single care towards the awareness of my steady on-looking fixation. It is the stare sewing in the seeds of an awestruck wonder for what the mystics deemed necessary, and the melody of majesty aligned in plenary ordinance; a precious passing moment of collective cornucopia & blessed union of soul where all planetary constellation come together to marvel around the bringing of such a fair existence about. And what combination was that of the raw material splendour used to create this mould casting gone asunder beyond its one successful flight attempt to seize hold the sky and bottle it, never to be used again? Beholding it is to clasp the all consuming essence of longing in your pass, to wield command over the power of the cosmos with the skilled hands of lovers’ chaste holding. It is that which instills a life, a capture of Elysia off the edge of insanity refined, and that’s brilliance bled out by any design. For only by taking nature in kind and boiling her down to her purest, basic, most sincere level will you be able to build her up, and by a metamorphosis see her change, transform into something off the wings of a butterfly; sign of the worthwhile creature and form of the eternal everlasting entity. To spring forth out the sublime incarnation, a shine of glory set down for all the world to see. She is pure blissful serenity. Plant a seed to watch it grow; nurture it and it will give rise to a field of flowers full. Still none of any other would have compared as saccharine as when I first laid eyes upon the woman found stirring within the perfumed tendrils of Summer’s bloom, beneath the Stars shinning bright. Her beauty is so that I come alive. Consumed by loveliness I am completely at the lady’s mercy, and unable to turn a look away. That is to say, I would not want to.
Anthony  Ryan|You will know him by the blade he carries and the Dark-born skill with which he wields it, for none who know the love of the Father may defeat the Darkblade, yet all must stand against him.
Belinda M. Gordon, Tressa's Treasure's|Do you see the labyrinth out there?" She waved a graceful hand toward the garden. "Life is like that labyrinth, full of pathways that seem like the right way, but end up being detours. We go one way and then another until we find our true path.
Leah Broadby, A Dreadful Daughter's Spells|If we all learnt cat-speak, we would often find they are saying, “You stupid human, I am trying to tell you something important right now!
Stephen Graham Jones|Claire.It was the last candle left within the Indian Agent. The last glimmer.He curled himself around it to keep it alive, and when the storm inhaled he studied his right hand, could feel her beside him in the carriage that night and, as if he could insist on this, looked up the depression he was calling a road, for the cabman's blindered horse, huffing through the snow, its lanterns swinging. Claire waiting for him on the worn velvet seat.
Artemis Crow, Lyon's Roar: Zodiac Assassins Book 1|Humans, so easily electrified by the snap, crackle, pop of blood, brutality, and butchery.
Leah Broadby, A Dreadful Daughter's Spells|There exists a microscopic breed of brain beetle, commonly known as an ‘idea’. An idea desires only one thing: To catch the perfect brain wave.
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|From the moment any of us utter our first goo-goo's and ga-ga's, we are as good as gone. At that precise instant, any possibility that It will ever arise in us is irrevocably crushed. If any proof is needed, consider how immune to strong emotion our society has grown. At your next visit to the local funeral parlor, glance at the mourners, who can more properly be defined as spectators. Notice how they smell, how well-dressed and dignified they are. This is because viewing the dead has become overwhelmingly acceptable as a social function. Yes, even the corpse is part of the festivities, lying there as the guest of honor, laid out in his best clothes, pumped full of chemicals and smeared with make-up as the patrons file by and nurse their long buried consciences with silk handkerchiefs.
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|He considered himself a sort of esoteric martyr, who'd sacrificed everything for principle. Apparently that little book had set him on a course towards political extremism, culminating in the loss of his job at the community college, as well as the breakup of his previously stable marriage. By the time he met Old Hoss, a few years later, Hiram Buckley was one of those unfortunates the normal and untroubled point at in scorn and laugh at derisively; a veritable dog that's kicked while it's down. He was, under such circumstances, a perfect companion for Abner "Old Hoss" Billingsly, one of the few people who didn't consider him a prime candidate for St. Elizabeth's, the infamous mental hospital located in the District of Columbia. Since his career in education had been so rudely interrupted, the Professor had worked his way through a series of menial, low paying jobs, which he inevitably lost due to his proclivity for preaching unwelcome and unpopular political ideas to his fellow employees.
Carla Trueheart, The Ritual of the Four|Remember, Shaw, that the power of the dagger lies not only in the visual, but also the symbolic.
Keishi Ando, Dark Sweet: A Collection of Poetry|I was running on the earth,Slashing primeval winds.I was running in the world,Riddled with darkness.
Dianne Bright, Soul Reader|I mind-melded the details trapped inside my head since it felt easier than talking, which surprised me. Jadan gave a look like I should mind my own business and let Kristin enjoy her own destiny. Obviously Jadan was big on all the free will stuff.
Dianne Bright, Soul Reader|I couldn't shake Zander's beady red eyes or the noise of his pounding wings behind us. His hot breath and foul stench reached for us, but couldn't catch us as we soared above liquid green fields in the Realm Beyond.
Scarlett Dawn, King Hall|Sweetheart, Is today the day you run away alone in fear? Or the day you have the balls to trust in our friendship? Trust in the four of us. Together
Elise Kova, Fire Falling|There was something severed and rough about her, something tainted and, yet, at the same time those jagged pieces were the makings of something fearsome. She'd wanted to become someone the Senate would fear, why not shatter the sky?
Elise Kova, Air Awakens|You have to earn it.' Vhalla didn't know what else to say. She had trusted him, to lead her, to teach her, and he broke that trust. It wasn't as though it was something she could simply start again on command.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|You must come with me, loving me, to death; or else hate me, and still come with me.
Garry Douglas Kilworth, Hunter's Moon|Importance of dreams is not in using - importance is in having. You think dreams must mean something real, that fantasy bad for the soul. All wrong, all wrong. Fantasy just as important as reality. Reality is feeding body - finding food for keep alive. Fantasy feeds spirit. Soul need food same as body, and dreams, philosophies, stories, creations, all food for spirit, see?
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|I’m a starving child trying to stuff my stomach, gorging my senses on the decadence of these moments as if I’ll wake up in the morning and realize I’m still sweeping cinders for my stepmother.But then Adam’s lips press against my head and my worries put on a fancy dress and pretend to be something else for a while.
Dianne Bright, Soul Reader|You are Zyon's daughter. You are a soul reader. This trip is more than just a vacation," Jadan said firmly. "You might feel like postponing it now, but we need to look for the medallion while we are in that region. Joe will keep an eye on everything. Plus, your mom will know what to do. I can even call for backup.
Dianne Bright, Soul Reader|Jadan's kiss on my forehead wasn't that big of a deal, something that a boy would have done at a junior high dance or how a friend would say goodbye before a long trip. But it felt like more. It seemed like he wanted more." ---Jennifer Mills
Laura  Oliva, Season Of The Witch|I think when magic is dark enough, it can look like anything it wants.
Dianne Bright, Soul Reader|Death. Life. They are in the air, the water, the earth, and the fire that surround us. They co-mingle like a dance of weeping and rejoicing. The joy and pain become one. We are of a dualistic nature." ---Jennifer Mills
March McCarron, Division of the Marked|Mr. Paggle lifted his own ale in the air. “What shall we toast to?”“Yarrow’s right hook?” Peer said.“Bray’s unladylike nerve?” Arlow suggested.“To new friends,” Yarrow said.“New friends,” they agreed. Their glasses clinked merrily.
Matt Banach, Lost in Dream|Jax scratched his head, grinning. “Hey – is that a cannon of epic proportions, or is it just happy to see us?”“Cannon,” the brass skull clicked. It lowered itself to the ground, swiveling down into the snow. “Cover your ears and get down.
Zax Vagen|Let's just start over", gurgled the hagget's voice. We cannot give up now.
Sam J. Charlton, The Well of Secrets|Down they went, into the darkness. Down ancient, worn steps coated in slippery mildew. Down into the deep recesses of the earth, far beneath the corridors of Deep-Spire.
Dianne Bright, Soul Reader|The magical gem bracelet, in all of its yellow beauty, was out of its league. My mind and heart couldn't slow down." --- Jennifer Mills
Elias Zapple, Cyril the Dragon|Anyway, it’s unthinkable! Dragons and knights are born enemies. They need to be enemies just like dogs hate cats, cats hate mice and mice hate scientists. Without somebody to hate where would all the hate go? The hate would just boil up inside you, eat away and cause you to have indigestion then a heart attack. We need to release the anger, and we release it on dragons who release it back on us. We slay them and they roast us. It is the natural order of things, Emma.
Kellie Thacker|All night, I thought about that walk. The touch of the forest tickled my skin long after, while the scent lingered in my nostrils. It was unlike anything back home. There was a feeling in the atmosphere I couldn't shake--something that was trying to draw me back. I felt alive in that forest. --His Name is Moonlight
Dianne Bright, Soul Reader|I mind-melded the details trapped inside my head since it felt easier than talking, which surprised me." -- Jennifer Mills from Soul Reader by: Dianne Bright
Kellie Thacker, His Name is Moonlight|I felt empowered by him, as if his very existence manipulated the balance of my nature from a shy little girl to wonder woman.
Kellie Thacker, His Name is Moonlight|You would have only seen a skittish young deer jumping through the forest, having no idea it was a little girl.
Calvin Vronsky, The Gambit|You mistake us for abstaining your kind from undeserving happiness when all we do is to fight for our cause. We are soldiers, not rebels.
Dianne Bright, Soul Reader|Their blissfully soft texture calmed me but alerted me at the same time. I couldn't explain the gentle spark of light that dripped off the edges. And of course, the aqua trim felt way too familiar.
S.L.  Mills, GOM's Gold|We would learn as much as we could, be as honourable as we could, be as courageous as we could, and be as happy as we could.
Stephan von Clinkerhoffen, Stig's Flight of Encounters|Just as he was looking at all the stars and wondering how many millions there were, they started to blink on and off repeatedly. He knew it was the Bach flying overhead. He closed his eyes, squeezing them shut, and slipped off into a restless sleep.
Naomi Novik, Uprooted|I grabbed back at him just as incautiously with my hand and my magic both, even as he pressed magic on me from his side as well. His breath huffed out sharply, and our workings caught on one another, magic gushing into them.
Tom Simon|Dragons, for instance, have the right of safe conduct anywhere in Faërie. A reader may not like to read stories about dragons, she may be morally offended or aesthetically uninterested or simply sick of the subject; but at any rate she will not complain that the author has cheated by bringing in a dragon, because dragons belong in fantasy.
Guillermo del Toro, Trollhunters|I'm serious, Jim. You need to put this crap away. You walk into school on Monday talking to me, or anyone else, about the city's pesky troll problem, and you're not exactly going to get a lot of people saying, 'Gee, thanks for the warning.' It'll spread faster than mono. You think things are tough for us now? Jim, this will be the end. I'm sorry if you had a crazy nightmare. I really am. But I can't let you ruin our lives.
S.J. Pow, The Calling|Like the dark clouds above that promised rain but withheld it, her presence there was a lie. For in truth, this horrific slaughter had already damned the small race; their fate had already come and gone.
Guillermo del Toro, Trollhunters|He paused in the hallway, sniffing the air. He scowled, sniffed some more. He pressed an intercom button on the wall.	"Betty, I distinctly smell sewage. Could you get a plumber out here ASAP?"	Several curly hairs fluttered in the air after he was gone.	I clutched at the arm of the dentist chair.	"This isn't a joke, Tub! I'm in trouble. We're all in trouble, the whole town, the whole world! You have no clue. You have no idea what kind of things we're dealing with here. There's a whole land of --
Ursula K. Le Guin, From Elfland to Poughkeepsie|Let us consider Elfland as a great national park, a vast and beautiful place where a person goes by himself, on foot, to get in touch with reality in a special, private, profound fashion. But what happens when it is considered merely as a place to "get away to"?Well, you know what has happened to Yosemite. Everybody comes, not with an ax and a box of matches, but in a trailer with a motorbike on the back and a motorboat on top and a butane stove, five aluminum folding chairs, and a transistor radio on the inside. They arrive totally encapsulated in a secondhand reality. And then they move on to Yellowstone, and it's just the same there, all trailers and transistors. They go from park to park, but they never really go anywhere; except when one of them who thinks that even the wildlife isn't real gets chewed up by a genuine, firsthand bear.The same sort of thing seems to be happening to Elfland, lately.
Guillermo del Toro, Trollhunters|Is it...can we...is it safe?"	Tub checked the lot but he seemed unconcerned.	"Coach Lawrence nabbed him for practice. We live to fight another day, soldier."	"No...I mean, the thing...is it...?"	Tub frowned.	"The thing. Hmmm. Can you be more specific?	I clutched at the bumper and raised myself to unsteady feet. I patted the truck bed, taking solace in the cake of dust. It was real; I was not caught in a nightmare. I smeared the dust with my fingers and smelled it.	"If you lick that, we're no longer friends," Tub said.
Brandon Mull|This was a great book! It follows how Jason Walker is transported back to earth after spending months in Lyrian. He knows that he has things that he still must do in Lyrian. He decides to try and find a way back. The problem is that if he doesn't travel through the portal correctly, he will die. What happens next? You'll have to read the book to find out.
Noelle Alladania Meade|When I dreamed about becoming a fantasy adventurer, I was always a max-level character with epic gear. Look at me. I’m wearing vendor trash.
Susan  Scott, Dragons Will Fall|Forbidden fruit makes a wonderful wine." Vazco gave him a leading look. "But leaves a hell of a headache.
Damian Wampler|With each step, one of them pulled off an earring or a hair extension or a bow and let it fall to the ground, so that by the time they reached the door they had left a trail of glittering accessories behind them. It looked like a grand parade had passed by, and no one had yet come to sweep up the confetti.
Susan  Scott, Dragons Will Fall|You can't purchase me with a bunch of stones."	"I wouldn't dream of purchasing you." Cullen laughed low in his chest and smiled, this time showing even white teeth. "You're too much trouble. I thought I'd just steal you for a bit.
Vadhan|Extinction is not an event, it is a chain reaction!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Depression, which lives below the horizon, is the result of painting and entertaining negative imagery - most of which has not taken place in reality. Get up, move, and appreciate that which is given. What is lacking is usually material and heavily influenced by external forces. Don't play yourself, save yourself.
Chris Evans|We do not fear the flame, though it burns us,We do not fear the fire, though it consumes us,And we do not fear its light,Though it reveals the darkness of our souls,For therein lies our power.-- Blood Oath of the Iron Elves
Debatrayee Banerjee, A Whispering Leaf. . .|And there you stand-Far away from the distant reality,Far away in my breathing dream,Far away in the traces of my livid eyes,Far away in my hostile fantasy.
Susan  Scott, Dragons Will Fall|You can't order me away, you pissant human--"	"I just did." Kas swept past him...
Rebecca Chastain, A Fistful of Fire|Bubble gum on a turd, Madison! You’re a tutti-frutti enforcer. I am a warden. Trust me, I know what I’m doing.
Robert Delgado|This is the right timeThey are the right peopleWill it be enough for mankind?From "The Rishis: Book of Secrets.
Terry Pratchett, A Slip of the Keyboard: Collected Non-Fiction|You want fantasy? Here's one... There's this species that lives on a planet a few miles above molten rock and a few miles below a vacuum that'd suck the air right out of them. They live in a brief geological period between ice ages, when giant asteroids have temporarily stopped smacking into the surface. As far as they can tell, there's nowhere else in the universe where they could stay alive for ten seconds. And what do they call their fragile little slice of space and time? They call it real life.
Angela Parkhurst, Forget Me Not|At the end of the day, I fight for those who cannot fight for themselves. If that makes me an outlaw, so be it. I’ve been called worse.
CLAMP|Even though this world is narrow, it is wide... to those who understand. This world isn't the only one.
Louise Cooper, The Master|What use is Order without Chaos to challenge its rule? And by the same standard, what lies ahead for us if nothing opposes our ways?
Alyssa Brugman, Alex As Well|If there's a place you should be able to put yourself first, it's in your own sexual fantasies.
Emilyann Girdner, The Labyrinth Wall|What’s not to love? I made friends with a pretty girl and now we get to plan a castle break in. This beats the day to day kill, eat and survive.
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|*I don't want the body,* she whimpered. *It hurts.**Not always, sweetheart. Not always. Without the body, how will you hear a bird's song? How will you feel a warm summer rain on your skin? How will you taste nutcakes? How will you walk on a beach at sunset and feel the sand and surf under your... hooves?*
Barry L. Hughes, Bitter/Sweet|Every day is an adventure, or it's just some thing you do. It's your choice.
Michelle Franklin, Tales from Frewyn: Volume 2|The dust of thirty years hung lifeless in shafts of morning light, the gilding of perfectly prim pages shone incanescent, the shriek of rolling ladders mourned in perennial soliloquy.
Edwin D. Ferretti III, The Darkside of the Medallion|If I had known how difficult it was to edit my book, I would have done that first then written the story.
Jennifer Sucevic|I am staring into eyes so dark and compelling that I feel as if I could easily lose myself within them. He moves me slightly away from his body but doesn't let go. Energy, just like in the forest a few nights ago, ebbs and flows betwen us.
F.T. McKinstry, Outpost|Melisande lay in bed in the loft of her cottage in Graebrok Forest north of Odr. Wide awake and blinking in the dark, she listened to the mice above her head. Nearly a moon past, her swordsman had repaired a crack in the eaves before returning to the towers and yards of Merhafr, the great port on the Njorth Sea, where he served as a King’s Ranger. His name was Othin, taken from a god of wisdom, trickery and war. What such a one knew of carpentry, well, that was open to question. But he knew other things. Nice things.
Kelly R. Michaels, Prince of the Vale|Caelfel squared her shoulders. “I’m not afraid.”Geri turned away. “Good, because if you were, you are definitely in the wrong place.
Y.K. Willemse, Rafen|This is the beginning of a new time,” Torius said, “a great moment for us. One of us has learnt the Tongue and freed a princess. I have saved him and killed the guards. No longer will we be slaves. No longer will the guards tell us what to do. No longer will we listen. We will fight till we get what we want!”A roar exploded from the children around him.“This is a revolution,” Torius went on. “You all remember the pain that you have felt when the guards have touched you. You all know the shame we carry within us at being treated like this. No more! We will stand!
Rosamund Hodge, Crimson Bound|If I'm damned, what's the point of pretending that I'm not?
Ashley Earley, The Darkest Light|Depression is a funny thing. Some days you have the strength to get up out of bed and attempt to live your life as a normal human being, but others…you just don’t want to leave your room and socialize with the outside world—the world that you hate on days like this. You stay secluded in a tiny space, left alone to the thoughts that eat at your brain until you finally sit down and let them be thought.
Russ Thorne|We need heroes, however outlandish, because although we might not be slaying real dragons, we all have our quests.
Ashley Earley, The Darkest Light|My mind screams for me to run, but my feet are planted where they are. This can’t be happening. This can’t be real. There’s no way this is real!
Claire M. Banschbach, The Wildcat of Braeton|How do you know I’m any different from the broken, beaten slave you found over seven years ago? - Corin
P.I. Alltraine, Heartbound|I wanted her to notice me, to pay attention to me. It was an irrational desire, one I‘d never experienced before.
Brandon R. Chinn, Third Trial|Because. Because in all the breadth of time, in all of this scattered light and infinite darkness, in all these millions of years and circumstances and changes and challenges, in the order and chaos, it's brought me to you. How can you see something like that as anything but beautiful?
Erika G. Edwards, The Guardian Chronicles: Guardian|Miss Breland was fairly tall for afemale. She had to be about 5'10." The black skinny jeans that shewore made her legs even more impossibly lengthened. The jeanswere paired with a soft gray Angora sweater that hugged herpetite frame. Just before she turned to take her seat, she lookedup directly into my eyes, and smiled shyly. She was a beautifulcreature.
Ed Lynskey, The Quetzal Motel|His agility surprised Phoebe Ash. She saw the plaster cast on his right leg. Funny messages in ink—“Go break the left one, tiger!”—had been written on the off-white plaster.
Aprille Legacy, Soul Blaze|Still want you?” I repeated quietly. “Phoenix. I have wanted you since the moment I first laid eyes on you. Since the fire of our magic ignited when we touched for the first time,” I pulled him gently to his feet, making him face me. “You are my soul mate, Phoenix. You are it. You are my home, my heart. Literally, the other half of my soul.” I gripped him by his lapels. “You are written into my DNA and you ask if I still want you.” I let him go and smiled. “The answer is, and always will be, yes.”He kissed me fiercely, pressing me into his body. I ignored the twinge of my knife wound and kissed him back as I felt the fire in my soul begin to awaken once again.
Brandon R. Chinn, Second Stage|He's special, but not the kind anyone wants to be. I don't know what to do about that.
Tito Barberi Martinez|It‘s quite simple, actually.”‖ He thought of a way to explain things to his friend in a language that Dez could understand. “Imagine that Khevala‘s a girl you fancy…”‖“Oh, now that I do understand!”‖“But she‘s put you in the friend zone,”‖ he resumed, unable to stop a little smirk from appearing on his face. “With no benefits of any kind, besides.”‖ The smirk turned into a dry chuckle as he watched the disappointed look that his explanation had put on Dez‘s face. “Only friends, Dez, that‘s it. You can go out with her, enjoy her company all you like, but you‘ll always have to keep your hands to yourself.”‖“I can look but I can‘t touch? Not even a little kiss, every now and then?”‖
Brandon R. Chinn, Second Stage|They're only memories, Sam. They might comfort us on days of self-loathing, but that's all. We have to consciously move forward.
August Verona|Don't be afraid of the dark, it's a place where you can hide.
Angelia Griffin, The Crystal Keys: Champion of Destiny|It is man who has abandoned God, not God who has abandoned man.
Steven Magee, Curing Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity|You know that when a utility company is going down the fantasy route, they are likely hiding some illegal activity that they are engaging in. Fabricating fictional stories to their government regulator is just one of the many illegal activities that they engage in.
Brandon R. Chinn, Third Trial|I have knowledge; I'm responsible. If I sit by and do nothing while I have the ability to change, to help, then I'm just as much a criminal as any. Power begets responsibility...You should know that.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|Ms Rainn, when was the last time you visited a library for the books and not the free Internet it offers?
Brandon R. Chinn, Third Trial|Kognition? It's just another world, another wanderer, another curvature of time and space. Now we understand that the complexities of universes exist in more than just observable space. If the origin of time was light and fire, then it must be the same for all of us. Light in our eyes, fire in our chests. There are no mistakes in the universe; there are no mistakes in the natural world. There just -is-. Mistakes, even order and chaos, only exist in the observable space of human sight. Philosophies are just how we approach things we don't understand.
Brandon R. Chinn, Third Trial|There seldom is a single wave. Another way to look at it is, 'when it rains, it pours.' Good luck or bad luck often followed by more of the same. Whatever path you begin, it's almost impossible to change your direction. You're sent hurtling through space, crashing through experiences decided by the first few decisions you ever made. Binary choices set against something as simple as a yes or no in your earliest stages of development. As a Future Child, that would be your primitive choices in Genus. Actions, friendships, whether to smile in one moment or frown in the next. Those are all paths that, once set upon, are entirely unchangeable. At least, that's what I was designed to think.
Brandon R. Chinn, Third Trial|No. It's choice. Every time, no matter what happens, I would choose you. Even if we had to repeat this for eternity, I would choose you, every time.
Aida Jacobs, Dragon Guardian: Water|That’s what it means to be in love, Marin. It means doing everything in your power to ensure that the one you love lives to see another day, because the world would be that much darker without them.
Brandon R. Chinn, Second Stage|Last words? I'm sure it has been an eventful journey. Someone will want to make your eulogy creative, I have no doubt. I can only wonder what will happen to the mind of the person that is forcefully debugged with their consciousness this deep into the WoAnLiNe. It's going to make an interesting case study for some boring old zero that has that kind of time. I should erase your Animus while I'm at it. It would keep these sorts of problems from happening in the future, troublemaker.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|She didn't fear the night, though she found little comfort in its dark hours. It was the time when she slept, the time when she stalked and killed, the time when the stars emerged with glittering beauty and made her feel wonderfully small and insignificant.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|She may have been the one whose name meant music, but his sounded like it. Saying it made her want to sing it, to lean out a window and call him home. To whisper it in the dark.
Natalia Marx, Fire & Raine|My heart was oaken before you set it on fire. It will continue to smolder, long after the flame that ignited it has gone.
Natalia Marx, Fireheart|Just as foreplay is the key to good sex, preparation is essential to achieving victory in battle. Right, lieutenant?
Natalia Marx, Fireheart|Like a dried up spring, magic trickled forth with less and less strength, until one day, the people awoke and there was simply no more to be had.
Lauren Owen|Already she knew that an idea could pain him like a bruise. He had grey eyes that showed every thought, and sometimes Charlotte worried that he might be hurt in some way that she would not be able to prevent.
D.F. Monk, Tales of Yhore: The Chronicles of Monch|Monch was on no simple retreat. The journey he had plotted for himself was much longer, and took him many buckets away from Appollon to Angarr's Sorrow, the land of fetid bogs in southeastern Sarthiss. This was a world far away from everything he knew... from everyone he knew. Granted, the list of people he knew was exceptionally short, especially since Monch was horrible with names and only slightly less horrible with faces. Regardless, he did not wish to accidentally advertise his inexperience to anyone he might possibly know, which is why he travelled so far afield.There were ruins in the swamps, ruins hidden under years of neglect and heavy with decay. Things lurked in those ruins, inhuman beasts with forbidden hungers. He intended to use the dangers of the swamps as the whetstone that would hone his abilities to a razor-keen edge. Monch would test his blade against and come back all the stronger......or dead.No... that wasn't right. Given the fact that he was immortal, death really wasn't an option. So then, he would come back stronger......or something something horrible. Monch decided to fill in those particular details later on, when he had time to ponder his autobiography at length. He would tidy up that particular idiom later.
Natalia Marx|His mother's words faded to myth, concocted by a gentle soul to delight the imagination of a boy.Until one day, they were no longer a myth. One day, he would wish he had never heard them at all because they spelled his happiness--and his eternal sorrow.
Steven Magee|The best thing to do when someone is trying to argue with you is to repeatedly state "Stay Away" and video record the entire event. You may need that video for the police afterwords when the aggressor starts fabricating fantasies about the event.
Natalia Marx, Fire & Raine|She would stay there, flying across the sea like a mermaid with wings, until the end.
George Orwell, 1984|He hated her because she was young and pretty and sexless,because he wanted to go to bed with her and would never do so ...
Natalia Marx, Fireheart|With a blade at your throat, a well-connected uncle or a wealthy mother could not save you. Only you could save yourself.
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|Thou, my slave,As thou report'st thyself, was then her servant,And for thou wast a spirit too delicateTo act her earthy and abhorred commands,Refusing her grand hests, she did confine thee,By help of her more potent ministersAnd in her most unmitigable rage,Into a cloven pine, within which riftImprisoned thou didst painfully remainA dozen years; within which space she diedAnd left thee there, where thou didst vent thy groansAs fast as mill wheels strike.
Ed Lynskey, The Quetzal Motel|The Quetzal Motel was a father/daughter operation, and they hurt for money but with just enough to stay in groceries. But who could tell? After tonight, their fortunes might perk up. It was better to look on the bright side. She took a deep breath and plunged back into Philip Nostrum’s realm of futuristicdoings.
Kaz Lefave|Science fiction is when we see into the future of our planet, fantasy is when we believe humanity will survive.
Natalia Marx, Fireheart|Leliana advanced like a predator, hair lashing like a whip behind her. She abandoned the reins, riding the horse like they had merged into one charging centaur.She aroused images of deities on winged horses, of untamed forests in a windstorm, of legendary heroes of legendary quests. Burning desire shot straight to his loins at the sight of her.He ached for this woman, this goddess that streaked across his vision like a figment of his imagination, of his deepest desires and most guarded wishes. He could lose himself, mind, body, and soul, to a woman like that. Any sane man would.
Parke Godwin|The soft, fluttering cry of a barn owl rose over the churchyard. Silent men flowed out of the dark.
Natalia Marx, Fireheart|Syldor was not a land of oppressive rules, roles, and labels. Here, love and power were open to, for, and between all; woman or man, rich or poor. What mattered was the sharpness of your mind, the speed of your blade, and the heat of your touch.
Natalia Marx, Fire & Raine|By fate or forgery, our dances are entwined for eternity.
Solange nicole|A writer's role was never just to tell stories, but to create a world to encompass and share with others.
Claire M. Banschbach, The Wildcat of Braeton|You? Harmless?” Tam snorted. “What? You don’t think I could pull it off?” Aiden accused. “Well, the fact that you’re practically a walking armory had me convinced otherwise.
Claire M. Banschbach, The Wildcat of Braeton|It must be a great comfort tae him, and tae all, that you have helped so considerably with matters of the Clan,” Aiden said. To his left, Ranulf choked on the contents of his tankard and Adalwulf’s eyes narrowed.
Paula Millhouse, Dragonstone|How much Romance do you like in your Fantasy? And, respectively, how much Questing do you like in your Romance?
Pippa DaCosta, Wings Of Hope|We are not so different, and yet we are worlds apart." Ahkeel/Akil, The Veil Series prequel.
Terry Pratchett, A Slip of the Keyboard: Collected Non-Fiction|Far more beguiling than the idea that evil can be destroyed by throwing a piece of expensive jewelry into a volcano is the possibility that evil can be defused by talking. The fantasy of justice is more interesting than the fantasy of fairies, and more truly fantastic.
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|Every time I had things straight in my head abouthim, I saw him smile or crook an eyebrow, and all my sensible reasons on why I couldn’t have feelings for him seemed redundant.
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|Maybe because I knew Haze and Kate so well by then the passage leapt out at me, clear and sharp as di
Jack Vance, The Green Pearl|Where was his knife, upon which he relied? He had cut cheese for their noonday meal, and had packed the knife away with the cheese.Aillas said: 'Sir, before we continue with this matter, may I offer you a bite of cheese?''I care for no cheese, though it is an amusing concept.''In that case, allow me a moment while I cut a morsel or two for myself, as I hunger.''I have no time to spare while you eat cheese; prepare instead for death.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|What they teach you as history is mythology, and true mythology is far from fantasy - every kind reveals true fragments of our real history. A bulk of our real history can be found in Egyptian and Greek mythology. Yes, myths reveal to us worlds of other dimensions that make up our true reality. History books teach us that the minds of the past operated on the same frequency, dimension, or level of consciousness as we do now. Not true at all.
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|Oh r-really? Do t-tell?” I quirked an eyebrow back at him.“Well, usually it’s best to take your shoes and socks off before you step in the stream, better balance on an uneven surface. Also, you avoid that unpleasant squelchy feeling when you wear the shoes againlater.” He paused, smirking. “Also, ifI was going to paddle barefoot “I was going to paddle barefoot upstream in Yorkshire, I’d wait until at least May before I tried it. But you go ahead, love. You’re clearly a Spartan lass.
J.A. Ironside|Hey now, wait a second. When will I see you again? You can’t leave a poor lad dangling like that!”His look of bewilderment made me bite my lip to keep from laughing.“Why would you w-want to?” The words were out before I could stop them. A rare occurrence for me. And now I seemed pathetically needy. Very attractive.“Because I love a pair of pretty green eyes.” He grinned.
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|This is m-me.” I indicated the lonely track.“Really? What’s up there?” He peered over my shoulder in genuine curiosity. “Is there a house up there? You’re not a sylph or something that really does live wild, are you?
T.B. Schmid|From Bralloc’s mounted position he could see over the heads of most of his men, but the thickening darkness of evening coupled with the storm made it impossible to see more than a few yards. He jerked at the reins and swung his horse around, pushing into the crowd. The large grey charger was nearly as mean-spirited as her owner; she snorted and bucked her head, then nipped, stomped and shoved her way through, giving every indication that she was enjoying herself. His men drew to either side, and the crawling excitement in Bralloc’s belly became an angry swarm of insects. The scout – the ballsy woman whose name he could never remember - stood several paces away. Bralloc paid her no heed, however, and the mixture of nervousness, relief and fear on her face didn’t even register in his mind: his eyes were locked on the captive at her side. His lips twitched into a smile and he licked them, like a ghoul eyeing a fresh corpse. He forced himself to move slowly, deliberately – sucking each individual drop of marrow from the bones of his anticipation..."-From 'Feral
Terry Pratchett|Too much alleged ‘fantasy’ is just empty sugar, life with the crusts cut off.
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|Oh r-really? Do t-tell?” I quirked an eyebrow back at him.  “Well, usually it’s best to take your shoes and socks off before you step in the stream, better balance on an uneven surface. Also, you avoid that unpleasant squelchy feeling when you wear the shoes again later.” He paused, smirking. “Also, if I was going to paddle barefoot upstream in Yorkshire, I’d wait until at least May before I tried it. But you go ahead, love. You’re clearly a Spartan lass.
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|How did you get so scratched up then, Emlynn?” He looked at me uncertainly again.I felt wildly like laughing. Too many swooping highs and plummeting lows. What a weird fewdays. Weird being a massive understatement.“Cr-Crawling through gorse bushes.” I took a perverse delight in answering his questions in a way that told him nothing at all. I’d never paid much attention to boys before. Maybe Grace was onto something after all.“Crawling through gorse,” he repeated. “Part of your action-girl antics, no doubt?”“N-no doubt.” I smirked again.
Ed Lynskey, The Quetzal Motel|He peeled out the banknotes from inside a billfold held on a chain and paid her. Andy Jackson’s eyes were X’d out. For an edgy instant she wondered if his money was counterfeit. She also noted his missing middle finger, and a skull tattoo decorated his sinewy wrist.She put down the card key. “You’re in Seven, straight down the courtyard.”He slid the card key off, but it fell to the floor. "Oops. Ihaven’t gotten used to this high gravity.”“I beg your pardon?”“Nothing. I’m just punchy from all the driving.
Robert Jordan|Oh, how long were the days of a man.When he strode upon the broken land.He sailed as far as a man could steer.And he never wished to lose his fear.For the fear of man is a thing untold.It keeps him safe, and it proves him bold!Don’t let fear make you cease to strive,for that fear it proves you remain alive!I will walk this broken road,and I will carry a heavy load!So come at me with your awful lies,I’m a man of truth and I’ll meet your eyes!
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|Tangled onto the shuttle, we were being woven back and forth to create the same tapestry of despair and heartbreak and loss. It was so muchbigger than I could see before, and all I had done was stand at the centre of the web and feed it my anger and frustration and jealousy.
J.A. Ironside, Reading is Magic|My love, a person is better judged by how they treat their inferiors than their betters. That is the true measure of a man, or a woman. Think you that you are so far above Lata?""If I am to be your wife then I shall be far above her and she had better do as she is told if she wants to stay employed here!""I've ruined you. My poor little mango seller." Nadir let go of my wrist and stepped away, his face hardening. "You shall not be my wife if you cannot treat people with the respect they not only deserve, but earn every day by working so hard for it!"'Mangoes
Nathalie M. Llanto|Once I finished reading a good book, it gives me a hard time coping up with reality.
Brian A. McBride, Dominion|Such a distant, forgotten thing, this Light.
Brian A. McBride, Paradox|From now until eternity meets its end, you will walk by faith and not by sight.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|As the daydreams grew longer, the distinction between what was real and what was imaginary grew less. Soon I existed in a blissful world of my own creation.
Jen Crane, Rare Form|I could not recall the last time I had been so flagrantly insulted.Don't make enemies, I told myself.Swallow your pride.Hold your tongue.But the fact was, I had real difficulty with those particular virtues.
Jonathan Stroud, The Ring of Solomon|The Evasive Cartwheel ™ © etc., Bartimaeus of Uruk, circa. 2800 B.C.E. Often imitated, never surpassed. As famously memorialized in the New Kingdom tomb paintings of Ramses III— you can just see me in the background of The Dedication of the Royal Family before Ra, wheeling out of sight behind the pharaoh.
Salman Rushdie|Among the great struggles of man-good/evil, reason/unreason, etc.-there is also this mighty conflict between the fantasy of Home and the fantasy of Away, the dream of roots and the mirage of the journey.
Brian A. McBride, Dominion|Am I your weakness?""Of course you are.
Jen Crane, Rare Form|At his words not my body, but my soul bucked, decimating barriers that until then had been untouched.
M.A. George, Aqua|You’re injured.” He flicks his chin at my bleeding leg.“We need to get that cleaned up.”“It’ll be fine,” I wave it off. “My mom will descend upon me with a bottle ofperoxide the second I hit the door.
Michael Scott, The Sorceress|With a tremendous effort, Areop-Enap opened all its eyes. " I am sorry to leave you alone and defenseless."Perenelle sealed the spider Elder into the huge cocoon of web, then turned and strode across the room. The tiniest breeze swept the floor clean before her. " I am Perenelle Flamel, the Sorceress,"she said aloud, unsure whether Aerop-Enap could hear her. "And I am never defenseless.
A.N. Jones|Perhaps when I first arrived on this world so long ago I may have known more. Now, though, I do not have knowledge of as much as I used to. The years, many of them, have changed this world and the great societies flourish with change. Although I feel nothing but pride for this, I am saddened as well. For as the changes occur my knowledge of this world dwindles. As such, I seek to learn, to regain that which I have lost. Do you now understand?" ~ except from "Raging Land", book 2 of 3 in the "Patrons of Earth" Trilogy by A. N. Jones (quote is subject to change)
Robert Jordan|I'm not a clever man, but I'm willing to listen to people who are, and I think you are. Just don't try poking me in the direction you want me to go. I don't like that Master Balwer.
M.A. George, Aqua|He’s close enough now that I can hear his footfall on the pavement, and I knowmy chances of outrunning him are slim. I’m practically in a full sprint, and mypounding heart is begging me to take it down a notch. I try to will my feet to keep pace with its beat; but I think it’s humanly impossible to run that fast. And then it dawns on me that my footsteps are the only ones I hear. Somewhere along the way, Tristan’s must have come to a stop. And I can’t quite explain why I’m running this fast in the first place. I slow to a jog, intending to just pick up with my original pace; but I can’t seem to suck in breaths fast enough to propel my feet any further. My molten shoes stutter to a stop, as my hands come to rest on my knees. I’m still wheezily sucking in breath after breath of thick, humid air, when I warily turn tolook over my shoulder.Tristan’s standing about fifty feet back, hands on his hips and a comp
Elizabeth Varlet, Abounding Dawn|She was the lover of two mighty kings.She was their Chalice.The certainty of the knowledge settled over her shoulders like a weighty mantle. She might not know where she came from, but she knew where she was going. She knew who she wanted to be, who she was.She was the queen of Amendal, leader and protector of the dal.Time to start acting the part. She stood and pulled them up with her. Amendal was still in danger, and she would not stand for it any longer.By Aiea, and all the gods of Odren, no more would die today.
Zachary Jernigan, Shower of Stones|He patted the side of the wyrm's head. The animal did not react: it was a stone fallen from the sky, still smoldering.
Ramana Pemmaraju|The irony of life is we always compare our fantasies with reality, rather than accepting the reality as is and transforming it into a paradise....
M.A. George|He’s close enough now that I can hear his footfall on the pavement, and I knowmy chances of outrunning him are slim. I’m practically in a full sprint, and my pounding heart is begging me to take it down a notch. I try to will my feet to keep pace with its beat; but I think it’s humanly impossible to run that fast. And then it dawns on me that my footsteps are the only ones I hear. Somewhere along the way, Tristan’s must have come to a stop. And I can’t quite explain why I’m running this fast in the first place. I slow to a jog, intending to just pick up with my original pace; but I can’t seem to suck in breaths fast enough to propel my feet any further. My molten shoes stutter to a stop, as my hands come to rest on my knees. I’m stillwheezily sucking in breath after breath of thick, humid air, when I warily turn to look over my shoulder.Tristan’s standing about fifty feet back, hands on his hips and a comp
M.A. George, Aqua|As one of the little streams starts snaking my way, inching closer to the toe of my shoe, I hop over the spreading puddle and out of its reach. I don’t look back to see if it’s going to follow me. I’m already three blocks away and still gaining speed
M.A. George, Aqua|All kidding aside…” I focus back on Pyke, genuine sincerity in my tone.“Thank you…for everything. For dragging my ‘clueless ass’ through the ocean, andover hill and vale, when you knew it was futile and stupid—but that I’d still try to do it, with or without your help. Thanks for tracking me down when I was alone and helpless; and for giving me a voice when I thought all hope was lost—”“Ugh, for crying out loud…Enough already,” Pyke squirms, a nauseatedgrimace twisting his hairy face. “Now you’re going way overboard with thegratitude…That kind of gushy crap is meant to be dished out in small doses,” he gripes. “Please make it stop…before I have to snap my own neck, just to end the suffering.” He backs away into the crowd, giving Tristan’s shoulder one more slap with a sly wink. “Hurry up, Man, and do something. Kiss her, muzzle her…shove a sock in her mouth—
M.A. George, Aqua|Fair enough…No inhaling battery acid,” I smirk. “We can’t breathe batteryacid, can we?
D.C. Farmer, The 400lb Gorilla|Matt shrugged. It was a good shrug, too. All it was missing was a beret, a stripy shirt and a Gauloise cigarette.
Brian A. McBride, Dominion|War is an infidel; it holds no loyalties, neither to king nor countryman. She is a whore, selling herself to the highest bidder. Victory is bought in blood and steel.
C. J. Brightley|Men aren't an inexhaustible resource, even for a king. Soldiers must have faith that their sacrifices are worthwhile.
Leah Raeder, Black Iris|Most of the time romance isn't even about love, anyway. It's about escape. Fantasy. Salvation from the mundane. Save me from boredom, from exhaustion, from my undersexed body, from microwave dinners and reality TV, from going to bed alone with a vibrator or a cat. Save me from my desperately ordinary life.
Criss Jami, Healology|Nightmares are seldom a foreshadowing of real events, but always a showing of real fears.
Tanzy Sayadi, Write like no one is reading 2|He danced across my heart like a pirate,Constantly discovering my secrets,Turning over every hidden treasure,Drowning me in his fantasy.
Alice Hoffman, Nightbird|It was a miracle to live as birds do, except for one thing: anyone seen in flight would surely be captured, perhaps even shot down like a crow flying above a cornfield. It's always dangerous to be different, to appear as a monster in most people's eyes, even from a distance.
LeAnne Mechelle, Write like no one is reading 2|I crossed oceans for you,Turned over every rock,Climbed the highest mountains,Holding on to the words you said,Reliving your touch inside my head,The taste of you on the tip of my tongue,Only to be left with you as only a fantasy inside my head.
Dorothy Gravelle, Paradox Love|Fine. Fine. Let’s try. You asked why bad things happen to good people. Well, the simple answer is, there are no bad things and there are no good people. Nothing bad ever happens to anyone and people are neither good nor bad. A person is nothing. A person does not exist. There are no people.
Michelle West|My Ona Elena once told me something important," Adam said, hesitant now that the force of Levec's anger had deserted him. "Happiness is like a seed." Before Levec could speak, Adam lifted a hand. "She said that anger and hatred and love are like seeds as well. All the things we feel that endure, are.""And we are?""Dirt," Adam replied."I might agree with that statement, but I'm certain you intend to go elsewhere with it.""We are earth. But we are like different types of earth, in different climates. Not all seeds that fall from a tree take root. Not all things that take root survive. We cannot be given happiness. Only the seed of it. We might not recognize the seed," he added. "Because we can't see the tree it might become. We are surrounded by trees, and the seeds in our hands looks nothing like them."For some, the earth is damp and fertile, and all seeds take root. But for others, the earth is hard, and water scarce. Elena believed that no man--or woman--starts life as a desert. But without trees, any many or woman can become one." - Adam
Angela B. Chrysler, Dolor and Shadow|Hjuki and BilHjuki and Bil chased the moon,With waters from Byrgir’s well,Upon their shoulders they did share,Simul the pole and Saegr.‘Mani,’ they cried and chased the sky,‘From Byrgir whence we came,To water the earth and water your drink,And water the seas with rain’.Hati looked back and Skol ahead,But Mani gave no reply,For Hjuki he took, and bent his crook,And Bil was taken thereafter.Hjuki and Bil still chase the moon,From Byrgir whence they came,To water the earth and water the drink,And water the seas with rain.
Angela B. Chrysler, Dolor and Shadow|With mouths agape, they stared in awe at the floor of fire and wall of flame. Atop a horse of golden flames that whipped and licked the leather reins, untouched by the fire that twisted and burned, sat Heimdallr, guardian of the Bilrost.
Angela B. Chrysler|I should kill you,” Kallan whispered, “and watch your blood run with the cries of my people. If I kill you, all my troubles end. And I go home to Lorlenalin, my father’s death avenged.
Angela B. Chrysler, Dolor and Shadow|In death we vanquished enemies,In death, we slew our foes.Blood soaked rage engulfed our blades,When blood lust took its hold.–In death, a darkness troubled one,In death, concealed, undone.Deep in darkness dragons wait,When blood would set the sun.–In death, we glorified his name.In death, we saw too late,When drink, to him, we raised in praise,The dragon sealed his fate.–In death, we lived. In death, we fought.In death, we grew to hate.In death, the blackened wraith released,The blinded shade beneath.–In death, his darkened eyes grew dim.In death, his mind was lost within.With blackened eyes, he slew his kin,In death, we lost to him.–In death, I took up sword and slew.In death, the dragon’s wrath ensued.We had no choice. The dragon fumed.In death, he was consumed.–In death, our brother’s blood deplored,In death, our brother, did I gore,When I rose up and killed one more.His blood ensconced my sword.–From death, his mutterings are weak.From death, his voice, to me, it speaks.Entombed within my brother’s keep,Revived in death, he sleeps.
Angela B. Chrysler|Think back to the oldest era your mind can fathom, back beyond everything we can remember, when gods were still men who had not yet lived the deeds that would deify them.
Alice Hoffman|I'm trying to find someone who doesn't want to be found.""That can be as hard as looking for a shadow.
Alice Hoffman|He was withdrawing. I think it was getting harder for him to accept his fate. Like a bird in a cage, he grew silent.
Alice Hoffman|James had a theory about caged birds, one he hoped to prove when he became a scientist someday. He believed that all birds that had their freedom taken from them eventually lost their voices. Once that happened, they could never find their true song.
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire|Lilith came to Longinus in the night, as she often did, and the darkness of the cave was filled with the lustful sounds of their passionate couplings. Afterwards, as he lay back with his eyes closed, she ran her cool fingers playfully across his chest and whispered honeyed words in his ear.
Alice Hoffman|It's still horrible to wish the worst on anyone. I'm sure she had her reasons. Maybe people hurt her feelings, the same way I was hurt. A single word can feel like a rock being thrown at you.
Anne Bishop|Why?"He stopped pacing and looked at her as if she'd just asked him to count every leaf on every tree in the Old Place. "Because... you're you.
Zechariah Barrett|A dream? With you, reality is always as a dream. There is no greater fantasy, no grander epic, than being with you.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|How crazy it would be if the moon did spin and the earth stood still and the sun went dim!How absolutely ludicrous if snakes could walk and kids could fly and mimes did talk!How silly it would be if the nights were tan and the mornings green and the sun cyan!How totally ridiculous if horses chirped and spiders sang and ladies burped!How shocking it would be if the dragons ruled and the knights were daft but the fish were schooled!How utterly preposterous if rain were dry and snowflakes warm and real men cried!I love to just imagineall the lows as heights,and the salty, sweet,and our lefts as rights.Perhaps it is incredibleand off the hook,but it all makes sensein a storybook! 
Alex E. Carey, Earth's Embrace|When the time comes, don’t be afraid to open the door, just make sure you choose the right one.
D.F. Monk, Tales of Yhore: The Chronicles of Monch|Wynter's Pass was a picturesque region in the north of Vohlfhein, where the Bleak Hills eventually collapsed into the Frozen Sea. From the back of Mr. Buckles, who had been on a slow trot since sunrise, Monch watched the light glisten off of the frozen branches of the evergreens. As the sun warmed the frozen ground, sending the evening's frost into retreat, Monch absorbed the splendor of it all and wondered how expensive the local real estate must be around here. He then contemplated attempting to find an agent that would represent his interests well."This land is such a spectacular wonder," the Lion of Ahriman declared. "It would be very much sought after if they could just do something about the bears, the White Orts, the wolves, the bloodthirsty cannibals, the snow manapés, the frost wizards, the northern bandit gangs, the dire lynxes, the similarly sounding but not related pygmy bloodthirsty cannibals, the demon possessed yaks, the dead-soul animated trees, the..." Monch paused for a moment."It just occurred to me that this land is really not safe at all. It seems almost everything in it wants to kill me," the Templar admitted.
Terry Pratchett|- "Surely you have considered terrorist activity?"There was another pause. Then the spokesman said, in the quiet tones of someone who has had enough and who is going to quit after this and raise chickens somewhere, "Yes, I suppose we must. All we need to do is find some terrorists who are capable of taking an entire nuclear reactor out of its can while it's running and without anyone noticing. It weighs about a thousand tons and is forty feet high. So they'll be quite strong terrorists. Perhaps you'd like to ring them up, sir, and ask them questions in that supercilious, accusatory way of yours."-- The BBC interviews a nuclear spokesperson (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
Barbara T. Cerny, Shield of the Palidine|By the second cycle of the solstice of the warm time, the One will face the enemy. And the One will unearth the Shield of the Northern Lights and smote the enemy with daring and intelligence. The heart of the One is pious and evil will cower. Couatl will rise.
Ana Franco, Down the Wormhole|Oh. Now you are not so afraid, then?"Kitty opened her mouth, indignant. "I was not afraid before! I was... shocked. How many times do you see your orphanage roommate be able to turn someone into stone?""Every time I look in the mirror.
Alex E. Carey, Earth's Embrace|Love when you can, and fight when you must, but stand together and never give up, not to the enemy, and not on each other.
Don Roff|I write fiction. It may have mystery, it may have horror, it may have fantasy, it may have love, but like life, it's all the same genre.
Scott Kaelen, Falling|With the fading of the final notes the saxophone player turns to me. Its baleful, otherworldly gaze bores into my soul. It lowers its instrument to the disc and extends a podgy, grey hand to point at me. It looms closer, its head expanding, arm elongating. A clammy digit brushes the tip of my nose and a tingling numbness spreads over my face like an ice-cold spider web. 	A voice like the rustle of dried leaves whispers inside my head: “Forever…” The last syllable stretches, just like my grandfather’s dying breath.	And the beady, black orbs are no longer eyes but deep, obsidian pits…
Alex E. Carey, Earth's Embrace|Everything changes, and there’s no denying that. But change isn’t always bad, as long as you hold onto who you truly are, and hold onto each other.
Gary Meehan, True Dark|He continued to attack the gate. His arm started to ache. The hammer was designed for neither brute nor force. "Are you all right up there?" asked Eleanor. "Want me to go see if I can find a small child to give you a lift?" "Maybe if we swapped positions and you condescended at the gate, we'd get through faster?
Isabella Rogge, Sanguine Moon|Together we can take this world, and all those whose knees have never felt the sting of the earth will bow to us
H.R. Kasper, The Mirror|Come, Leigh, come with me...
Scott Kaelen, Island in the Sands|A crush of bodies surrounded the featureless monument. The enraged dead clambered atop their ghastly kin. Caiaphas tucked his knees to his chest and hugged his legs tightly, staring at the scores of ragged, flailing hands as they scratched for purchase over the edge of the cylinder. Metal thrummed and thunder roared, filling his head.	Now there were words within the deafening roar. 	“Straaaange,” they seemed to say. 		“Daaaace…”	“Straaaangerrrr…”	Then a quick, awful chant: “CAIAPHAS! FOREVER! CAI—”	And with a piercing whistle it ended as his eardrums burst.
Joe Abercrombie|it was like staring at a whitewashed wall, but without all the emotion
Criss Jami, Healology|It is so easy at times for a lonely individual to begin fantasizing about what the people outside are saying about him and, in result, irrationally and fearfully, and sometimes angrily, fancy himself a villain.
Rachel A. Marks, Darkness Brutal|Without thinking, I step a little closer, reaching out slowly to slide a fingertip over the largest petal of the lily tattoo on her lower back. Instantly a vibration moves up my arm, and I swear the mark on my hand burns against my skin.I clench my fingers into a fist, but I don’t step away.“Did you feel that?” she asks.I shake my head. “I don’t know.” I feel so much, always so much.She takes my hand and brings it to her side again, resting it on the violets. I look at thepurple flowers between my fingers and feel the heat of her skin, the way it slides beneath my palm, soft as silk. And that vibration moves through my arm again.Her breath quickens.I find myself moving closer as her blue eyes go wide with wonder. My heart stutters and my chest aches with some unknown need.“Are you doing this?” I ask. Is she making me want this?“No,” she breathes. The smell of her turns to spice, sharp and warm, and I know I’m sensing her now, even through the block in the house.We stand like that for an eternity, still as statues on the outside, but inside I’m running, running toward a place I’ve never been. I should be terrified. But all I feel is strength. Rightness.And then Kara moves, her hands skimming up my chest, testing the boundaries. Her palms slide to my shoulders, her fingers tracing the line of the muscles in my arms, down to my waist. She grips my shirt, stretching it a little, waiting for me to tell her to stop. But I watch her lift it, let her pull it up, raising my arms, and I even take the last of it off myself, dropping it to the floor.We breathe, staring at each other.The vibrations move between us. My left arm buzzes with them. I think she’s doing it. Whatever’s happening, it’s her.I reach up and brush my marked knuckles across her cheek, amazed at the feel of her, the way her eyes seem to see everything, the way she pulls me into her. I can’t seem to remember why I shouldn’t kiss her. And kiss her. And . . .I kiss her, taking her face in both hands, skimming my thumb over her jaw as she leans into the touch, reaching out to curl her fingers around the back of my neck. I have to remind myself to breathe. I need more of her. The emotions roll over me in a rush, a tangle of sensation and movement, heat and sugar and heady aromas.I grip her tighter.Her nails dig into my shoulders. My hands slide down her spine. The kiss deepens, goes on forever, until I can barely see sense. I explore her shape, the feel of her ribs, the textures and taste of her skin on my tongue as I kiss her neck, her shoulders, her chest. As I draw trembling gasps from her lips, she grips me so hard it hurts.Our bodies mesh. Our breath mingles in frenzied desperation. Nothing else exists except her. Her warmth. Her spice. Her.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|I just think the world ought to be more sort of organized.''That's just fantasy,' said Twoflower.'I know. That's the trouble.' Rincewind sighed again.
Jill Knowles, Concubine|I am ewe to your ram. How can I call myself a man anymore?""The penis is a dead giveaway.
K.K. Allen, The Equinox|Holy sea turtles!" - Arabella Valli, The Equinox (Book Two of the Summer Solstice Series)
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|There are people who can never go to Fantastica," said Mr. Coreander, "and others who can, but who stay there forever. And there are just a few who fo to fantastica and come back. Like you. And they make both world well again.
Hanif Kureishi|Freud wrote that love involves the undervaluation of reality and the overvaluation of the desired object. While the correct valuation of a person is an odd, if not impossible idea, we might say Freud meant something like this: for various reasons, many of them masochistic, we become involved with others who cannot possibly give what we ask for; we can wait as long as we wish, but they do not have it, and one day, if we bear to abandon our fantasy and see clearly, we might face reality straight on. We will then look elsewhere for fulfillment, to a place where our needs can, in fact, be satisfied.
Ursula K. Le Guin, From Elfland to Poughkeepsie|A fantasy is a journey. It is a journey into the subconscious mind, just as psychoanalysis is. Like psychoanalysis, it can be dangerous; and it will change you.
Ursula K. Le Guin|What is fantasy? On one level, of course, it is a game: a pure pretense with no ulterior motive whatever. It is one child saying to another child, “Let’s be dragons,” and then they’re dragons for an hour or two. It is escapism of the most admirable kind—the game played for the game’s sake. On another level, it is still a game, but a game played for very high stakes. Seen thus, as art, not spontaneous play, its affinity is not with daydream, but with dream. It is a different approach to reality, an alternative technique for apprehending and coping with existence. It is not antirational but pararational; not realistic, but surrealistic, superrealistic, a heightening of reality. In Freud’s terminology, it employs primary, not secondary process thinking. It employs archetypes, which, Jung warned us, are dangerous things. Dragons are more dangerous, and a good deal commoner, than bears. Fantasy is nearer to poetry, to mysticism, and to insanity than naturalistic fiction is. It is a real wilderness, and those who go there should not feel too safe. And their guides, the writers of fantasy, should take their responsibilities seriously.
Juliet Marillier, Wolfskin|Now he understood what it was to be a man: that it was to be weak as well as strong, to be foolish sometimes and wise sometimes, to know love as well as to kill. And he had learned that there were other paths for him, other gods who called in the deep places of the earth, in the lap of wavelets on the shore, in the breath of the wind. He had learned that there were other kinds of courage. He knew, with deep certainty, that the islands held a new path for him. He need only move forward and find it.
Truman Capote, Answered Prayers - The Unfinished Novel|Somewhere in this world there exists an exceptional philosopher named Florie Rotondo.The other day I came across one of her ruminations printed in a magazine devoted to the writings of schoolchildren. It said: “If I could do anything, I would go to the middle of our planet, Earth, and seek uranium, rubies, and gold. I'd look for Unspoiled Monsters. Then I'd move to the country. --Florie Rotondo, age 8.”Florie, honey, I know just what you mean – even if you don’t: how could you, age eight?
Jenna Lindsey, The Dragon's Breath|First, I'm a writer; I look at things from a different point of view. The untrained eye is the eye that sees what's been missed.Devon, from The Dragon's Breath by Jenna Lindsey
M. Larose, The Flower Eater|Inside the flower, within the very structure of its petals, my soul is an element of nature, at one with the blooming Meadow Pinx in the fields on the coast of Marnan.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories, Volume One: Where on Earth|One of the rocks in my soulbag, a little grey rock that I had picked up on a certain day in a certain place in the hills above the river in the Silver Time, a little piece of my world, that became my world. |Every night I took it out and held it in my hand while I lay in bed waiting to sleep, thinking of the sunlight on the hills above the river, listening to the soft shushing of the ship’s systems, like a mechanical sea
Kai Leakes, Sin Eaters|Oooo wee! You see that chump go flying? Look’eah, nothing like charred demon to make a brotha feel right. - Calvin Freeman (Sineaters‬:Devotion Book One)
Larry Itejere, The Lamtin Star|Some truths are hard to swallow, so we share it within tales that most people will accept without being frightened by the truth hidden within.
John Moore|He turned his gaze upon her, and their eyes not only met, the pupils shook hands, exchanged business cards, and sat down for tea together.
Antoinette Turner, Cookies & Cream|The problem with Fate is that its own purpose is often hidden in the path of the journeyed, whether they realized it or not.
Kristyn Van Cleave|I love you all for bearing with me, whether I was asking your opinion on the best sources to base the magic in the book off of, hearing your suggestions on wording, or having an argument with you on just how "that sentence has completely correct grammar." On that note, also telling me when the fantasy just got way too cheesy.
Ursula K. Le Guin|I know perfectly well he's a god, too. But what I think is he'll be much godlier after he's dead.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Metal rusts, music lasts forever.
Tui T. Sutherland|Listen" Darkstalker said, "I could see the future, but not just any future- all the possible futures. Do you understand what that means? I could have guided the tribe along the best path, to safety and glory and power and everything else. At each crossroad, I would have known the right thing to do. I loved my tribe Moonwatcher. i would have been the best ruler they'd ever had. I know it; I saw the futures where I was king, benevolent and beloved, married to Clearsight with six little dragonets of our own. Those were possible. They could have happened, if anyone had faith in me.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|What do you suppose it means?'[Bastian] asked. ""DO WHAT YOU WISH.'" That must mean I can do anything I feel like. Don't you think so? All at once Grograman's face looked alarmingly grave, and his eyes glowed. 'No,' he said in his deep, rumbling voice. 'It means that you must do what you really and truly want. And nothing is more difficult.' 'What I really and truly want? What do you mean by that?' 'It's your own deepest secret and you yourself don't know it.' 'How can I find out?' 'By going the way of your wishes, from one to another, from first to last. It will take you to what you really and truly want.' 'That doesn't sound so hard,' said Bastian. 'It's the most dangerous of all journeys.' 'Why?' Bastian asked. 'I'm not afraid.' 'That isn't it,' Grograman rumbled. 'It requires the greatest honesty and vigilance, because there's no other journey on which it's so easy to lose yourself forever.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|The human world is full of weak-minded people, who think they're as clever as can be and are convinced that it's terribly important to persuade even the children that Fanstastica doesn't exist.
Lucian Bane, The Scribbler Guardian|Fiction is just a mirror of reality for the most part. Many things that happen in fiction don’t even happen here. But as far as pain and sadness. Joy and love, life and death, it’s all real here. Here it’s real.
Kelly Proudfoot, Delwyn of the Realms|One foot in each world, riding them simultaneously; expecting not to fall.
Karen Gammons, Phoenix|Dorian, I have wings!” “I can see that.” “What am I?” I asked, as chills ran up my spine. “I—I can’t be positive, because I have never seen one. But I think you’re a phoenix,” he said in amazement. “You are so beautiful.
Karen Gammons|Dorian sat quietly for a moment and then said, “We all straddle the abyss, Penny. If you never look down, how will you ever know who you are or what you will become? Your dad could never be ashamed of you, because falling in that abyss is part of the process of growing up.
Suzanna J. Linton, Clara|The flames of the fire leapt up and surrounded her, consuming her, becoming her. Heat filled and flushed her, breaking the bottle and she soared up and up. She came to stand in a sun's center. But that even faded and she rode pillion with Emmerich as he crossed the field on his black battle charger, her hands gripping his sides. The edges of his chain-mail bit into her skin and she could hear his labored breath. She could smell his particular scent: horse and leather, sweat and musk. Men roared like the ocean and rushed like waves to slam against the opposing force meeting them outside the walls.
Suzanna J. Linton, Willows of Fate|The thunder of horses’ hooves grows ever louder, but, still, I do not move. The thunder of those hooves, the thudding of my heart, and the gasping in my lungs make such a cacophony, it’s a wonder I hear Edmund at all.
Suzanna J. Linton, Willows of Fate|Samantha turns toward us as we enter and her mouth drops open. “You.” Pure joy floods her face like sunlight falling through storm clouds, and she runs up to me, laying hands on either side of my face as she gazes deeply into my eyes. “There you are.
J.P.Ashman|Great! I’m addressing the King of Altoln…about who knows what, but I’m at the centre of it and everyone’s looking at me now, oh for all the gods’ sake Falchion, swallow it down and say something damn you.
Suzanna J. Linton, Clara|Gavin scratched his head, idly wondering what his father would tell him right about then. Probably steal the slave and run. Father's solution was always to steal and run. But he had a job to finish.	"All right," he said finally, "here's what we'll do. We'll pretend this night didn't happen." 	That earned another sarcastic look.
Suzanna J. Linton, Clara|Before she could let herself think, Clara burst from the door and bolted for the table. People just began turning when she grasped the guest and shoved him to the ground, the chair flying backwards. Wine and food spilled everywhere as he flung out his arms. For a moment, she felt a swift pressure, as if her hair was being pulled, before strong hands gripped her, flinging her to the floor. A boot pressed into her back and she felt the cold tip of blade on her neck above her slave's collar.
Suzanna J. Linton, Clara|Emmerich's heart in his throat, he could only stare down at Monica, who looked up at him with glassy eyes as she shivered with pain and choked on blood.
Suzanna J. Linton, Clara|Oh-ho, so you are a witch. More like a witchling, as you're too small to be a full witch.” (Emmerich)
T.T. Faulkner, The Lost Memory|If I'd learned anything, it was that the gods never had good news - especially when it was delivered by the resurrected corpse of your worst enemy.
Neil Gaiman, The Kindly Ones|Have you ever been in love? Horrible, isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. You build up all these defenses. You build up this whole armor, for years, so nothing can hurt you, then one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life… You give them a piece of you. They don't ask for it. They do something dumb one day like kiss you, or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore. Love takes hostages. It gets inside you. It eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness, so a simple phrase like "maybe we should just be friends" or "how very perceptive" turns into a glass splinter working its way into your heart. It hurts. Not just in the imagination. Not just in the mind. It's a soul-hurt, a body-hurt, a real gets-inside-you-and-rips-you-apart pain. Nothing should be able to do that. Especially not love. I hate love.
Morgan Rhodes|She was murdered by rebels.' He took in her unconcealed look of shock. 'So there you go. Something for you to celebrate.' Magnus turned away from her, ready to find solace in his chambers, but the princess grabbed his arm to stop him. He sent a dark look at her over his shoulder. 'I would never celebrate death, no matter whose it is,' she said, her gaze filled with anger and something else. Something that looked vaguely like sympathy. 'Come now, I'm sure you wouldn't mourn any Damora.' 'I know very well what it's like to lose a parent in a tragic way.' 'Oh, yes, we have so much in common. Maybe we should get married.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|Am I supposed to feel so much awe and so on about the Godking? After all, he's just a man ... He's about fifty years old, and he's bald. And I'll bet he has to cut his toenails too like any other man. I know perfectly well he's a god, too. But what I think is, he'll be much godlier after he's dead.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|Would you give up the craft of your hands, and the passion of your heart, and the hunger of your mind, to buy safety?
Robert Walser, Jakob von Gunten|I feel how little it concerns me, everything that’s called "the world," and how grand and exciting what I privately call the world is to me.
Kaoru Kurimoto, The Leopard Mask|It was as if he had two faces, one of utmost calm, one of furious action; and he wore both with ease. He was like the animal whose face he wore, able to sit in silence for hours, without moving a muscle, then flying like a raging storm into battle, returning again to perfect calm when the fight was over.
Brandon Mull, Rise of the Evening Star|Can you see the power emotion has to distort out outlook? Makes you wonder, did you have a bad day, or did you make it a bad day?
Kathryn Fogleman, Tales of the Wovlen: The Dragon' Son|Humans have reason to hate us dragons. If one dragon turns against humankind, he is a great and terrible foe.
D.B. Nielsen, Seed|We are exiles in Time's abyss, strangers now in the Promised Land.
Sharman Apt Russell, Teresa of the New World|The women in the kitchen sang: Sarampión toca la puerta. Viruela dice: ¿Quién es? Y Escarlatina contesta: ¡Aquí estamos los tres! The cook would sometimes shout a little madly, “Sing it again!” And the women would sing again: Measles knocks at the door. Smallpox asks, Who’s there? And Scarlet Fever replies: All three of us are here!
Todd Vickers, The Relevance of Kabir|Our sexual fantasies are often redundant and intense, like many other ideas involving ourselves. Most people approach sexuality limited to the idea that they should imitate other people, art (e.g., romantic literature) or movies (e.g., pornography). In this way, vicarious events and even fictions become a point of reference that we can actually feel. We judge actual people in our real lives against fictional events and unrealistic concepts. As such, real lovers seem inferior as a result.
Peter S. Beagle, The Fantasy Worlds of Peter Beagle|After the third [San Miguel], I am likely to announce that all writing is fantasy anyway: that to set any event down in print is immediately to begin to lie about it, thank goodness; and that it's no less absurd and presumptuous to try on the skin of a bank teller than that of a Bigfoot or a dragon.
Robert Jordan|I'd run. But maybe you can't run. Think of that, too.' His yellow eyes seemed to look inward, and he sounded tired. 'Sometimes you can't run.
Morwen Navarre, Ghost's Sight|Gerry reached up to smooth a bit of that snowy mane. The strands slipped through his fingers like silk to reveal a witch's mark, a spiral of olive-green stones that seemed to be a part of Ghost’s very forehead, shining against the translucent skin. Gerry had seen such marks before, peculiar glyphs burned into a witch's skin in vibrant jewel-tone inks to offer protection or enhance their power, or so the witches claimed. This was the first time he had seen actual jewels used, though. He thought it was beautiful, exotic like all of Ghost, with that white hair and those ice blue eyes. Gerry returned to admiring the peaceful face resting on his shoulder.
Clifton Hill, Veil of a Warrior|Walking alongside his apprentice’s horse, Sethil Longmere, magus of the Third Circle, Magi Master of Dormir’s army, and a man who had seen more years than most men could count, did his best to keep his apprentice Rousche from falling off his gelding. The dun horse had a sure foot and a good temper, but it seemed unlikely the animal was used to a grown man lying face first in its mane, legs sprawled behind, dangling with each step.
Bobbie Kinkead, Rhyonna's Fright, A Faery's Challenge to Save Her Realm|Never, Never give up, no matter what is you age, magick always is there. Use it!
Fernando A. Torres, The Shadow That Endures|Ian looked skyward to see the firedrake soaring overhead. Its mass was a black deluge, an eclipse of aberrant origins, and its wings were tautly wound, like a spider’s web. Scales that shown like bejeweled armor glistened upon its body. Its tail crashed against the air; the storm surge of an impetuous sea. The shadow it cast was an aperture of dementia that ripped asunder the sanity of those who watched. Astride the beast’s spine, rode a figure that resembled a man, but with such grandeur at his disposal, appeared a living god.
Clifton Hill, Veil of a Warrior|The unnamed man’s nose flared in insult as he thought to himself while the pig named Corbin prattled on. He disgusts me with his gluttonous sweat and fearful stink. He is like a swine, plumped up for the slaughter, but none I would like to eat. He sits across the table from me wheedling, desiring, wanting more and more and more. He wants assurances of safety, he wants money, he want, he wants, he wants... I am close, but not quite ready, to lean across and slit his jowls with a second smile, stand up and leave. But that is not my job...not yet.
Kelly R. Michaels, Prince of the Vale|What about the other girl with you—Forra? Why is she with you?”“I saved her from execution. She is very vocal about her dislike of the king.”“Then why did you save her?” Garvanna asked.Caelfel's expression hardened. “Because the king is wrong, and she is right. King Orrik wouldn’t even save his own son.
Kathryn Fogleman, Tales of the Wovlen: The Dragons Son|Keegan opened his eyes and gasped in awe when he saw his gift. In his hand was a beautiful silver ring. It had a bright, shining ruby embedded in the center, and two golden dragons on either side of the ruby seemed to be caressing it, making it the most stunning ring Keegan had ever seen.
Clifton Hill, Veil of a Warrior|But then he saw it, then he saw what he had known he was seeing and could not accept. There in the night, amid the mist, upon the flat of the plains, the shimmer of light from Allear was not right. The grasses were too flat, the mists curled awkwardly, as if impeded by some large mass and then the glamor was gone, the trick revealed. And before Thorin’s very eyes, a mass of soldiers appeared — thousands of them — wearing black and facing his camp. Doom settled around Thorin like some shroud for a watery grave. “Ah, bloody hell.
Sharman Apt Russell, Teresa of the New World|Now she could smell what the jaguar could smell, odors deeper and richer than anything she had experienced before, layers of smell she could read like Fray Tomás had read the words in her father’s book: the wet decay of leaves, the death fear of a mouse, the poisonous cloy of datura, water and mud and insects, the wind carrying the smell of other animals, the wind itself, and the girl, of course, always the girl with her juicy flesh. The girl smelled incredibly good. Should the jaguar do this? Should Teresa eat herself?
Sharman Apt Russell, Teresa of the New World|Cabeza de Vaca had wrapped her in his arms and in his language, whispering about a life she did not understand although understanding seemed to form just beyond the sea and sand, waiting there for her to grow older. Even when the story confused her, she had caught words or phrases, ideas like fish, bold and surprising, tasting of her father’s mind. She had learned quickly to nod and speak because he needed her to do this, because his need surrounded her like the blue sky. She was his bastard, and he had loved her. Yes, he had loved her. That was the memory she couldn’t bear.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|How do you go on, when in your heart you begin to understand... there is no going back? There are some things that time cannot mend. Some hurts that go too deep.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|Imagination is absolutely critical to the quality of our lives. Our imagination enables us to leave our routine everyday existence by fantasizing about travel, food, sex, falling in love, or having the last word—all the things that make life interesting. Imagination gives us the opportunity to envision new possibilities—it is an essential launchpad for making our hopes come true. It fires our creativity, relieves our boredom, alleviates our pain, enhances our pleasure, and enriches our most intimate relationships.
Charlotte Joko Beck|Awareness is our true self; it’s what we are. So we don’t have to try to develop awareness; we simply need to notice how we block awareness, with our thoughts, our fantasies, our opinions, and our judgments. We’re either in awareness, which is our natural state, or we’re doing something else. The mark of mature students is that most of the time, they don’t do something else. They’re just here, living their life. Nothing special.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|A faerie heart is different from a human heart. Human hearts are elastic. They have room for all sorts of passions, and they can break and heal and love again and again. Faerie hearts are evolutionarily less sophisticated. They are small and hard, like tiny grains of sand. Our hearts are too small to love more than one person in a lifetime...I tried to talk sense into my hard little heart. But it had landed on Peter, a creature two hundred times my size and barely aware of me, and there was no prying it loose.
J.P. Ashman, Black Cross|Long has black powder been in the hands of dwarves alone. Alas, winds ever change and nothing remains the same forever.Lord Arrlo Salkeld
Daniel Ionson, After Life|How does evil arise? Where does it come from? We think of malevolent men-— murderers, rapists, tyrants—and somehow believe they are different creatures from us. They are not. All evil men were once innocent babes, once lovable children. Men make choices, some consistently bad. But those who choose the worst kinds of evil were typically guided into it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Reality and fantasy are not two separate spheres but one whole. They are like a world's atmosphere―reality behaving as a low front, fantasy a high front. Each remains somewhat distinguishable and yet they swirl and join, affecting and manipulating the other. One cannot perceive where reality ends and fantasy begins, but life would grow stagnant and die without the influence of both.
Daniel Ionson, After Life|Hell, he now understood, went beyond simple torture. Hell inflicted agony with intermittent reprieves to maintain the hope of peace. Hell was not endless dark, but rare rays of sunlight to keep one’s eyes longing for their bright beauty. Hell forced hours of suffocation beneath the freezing water with times of release to keep one accustomed to the joy of breath, to let needful expectation be repeatedly stabbed by deprivation.
G.R. Matthews|We are not at the pinnacle of our power, of our existence. We have scrambled to the top of an ant-hill at the bottom of the world’s highest mountain. We have long way still to climb.” - The Blue Mountain
Clive Barker|That's half of your trouble," muttered the crocodile. "You believe everything's true.""That's because everything is," replied Mr. Bacchus.
A.O. Esther, Breath of Darkness|Have you ever been in a situation where you had to choose between your loved ones, knowing that whatever you decided, you would have to lie to one of them?’‘Yes. More than once.’ Elijah’s words sounded far too cold in the sudden silence. His finely chiselled face tensed up and his eyes grew cold. ‘And before you ask, I chose you every time.
A.O. Esther, Breath of Darkness|But life is beautiful, Sariel!’ Gabriel said, trying to convince him. ‘Watch the sunrise sometime lying in the scented flowers of the field, or the shooting stars at the end of summer! Read a couple of really exciting books or lose yourself in the unselfconscious smiles of children. Have a swim in a clear mountain lake or take a run among trees clothed in autumn colours. If you can see the good in Earth, your own existence will become the richer for it!’‘That all sounds very well and good, but you haven’t convinced me,’ the deep-voiced angel murmured and Ariel laughed. ‘My friend, Gabriel was very gently trying to suggest that you should fall in love and that will better dispose you to the world!
Gerry Bartlett, Real Vampires Live Large|Real vampires don't get pain, we give it." Florence da Vinci, Real Vampires Live Large
Tad Williams|Dear DiaryWent out shopping today. Picked up half a dozen sheep, two pigs, and a princess. The sheep are rather depressingly thin, the pigs and princess only slightly less so. Dear DiaryWent out shopping today. Picked up half a dozen sheep, two pigs, and a princess. The sheep are rather depressingly thin, the pigs and princess only slightly less so.
Howard Pyle|Thus Arthur achieved the adventure of the sword that day and entered into his birthright of royalty. Wherefore, may God grant His Grace unto you all that ye too may likewise succeed in your undertakings. For any man may be a king in that life in which he is placed if so he may draw forth the sword of success from out of the iron of circumstance. Wherefore when your time of assay cometh, I do hope it may be with you as it was with Arthur that day, and that ye too may achieve success with entire satisfaction unto yourself and to your great glory and perfect happiness.
Katherine Starbird, Reenie Gyse|He remembered believing there had been a time when monsters roamed the earth. The brave hearted fought flesh-and-blood dragons instead of shadowboxing their inner demons, the sport of modern man.
A.O. Esther, Breath of Darkness|What am I to you?’Sophiel smiled. ‘The sun. You are my sun, like Astrid said. My sun, that lights up my life. That looks after me with its fiery rays. I only have to turn towards it for it to set fire to my heart.
Julie Deshtor|Behind every legendary monster, there is an unknown tragedy.
Peter Partner, The Murdered Magicians|[Charles] Nodier’s later view was that fantasy reconciles men to their fate. Fantasy and the taste for chimeras, he wrote, are symptoms of a time of political decay and transition, when the unpleasant realities of political life are too hard to bear. They serve a useful purpose in that they give men hope when scepticism and disillusion would otherwise drive them to despair.
A.O. Esther, Breath of Darkness|I lied to you,’ she said, hanging her head in shame, ‘more than once. In fact, I swore that my lies were truth. I can’t understand how it could have happened. It just came out of my mouth and by the time I realised what I'd done, it was too late. ‘It’s never too late to realise that you were mistaken, Sophiel.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|You can never trust a Vampire, child.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|What do you want?"To see the world burn, and a new one be born from the ashes…
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|The flames of their passion illuminated the dimly lit room, filling it with a blazing fire which was either brilliantly beautiful or dangerously violent.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|You think your children are better than mine? Ha! When yours were out playing with gold, mine were out fighting for survival. You taught your children to roll in money when I taught mine what it means to be strong.
S.R. Crawford|Besides, men aren’t worth your time anyway, Letti. If we women spent as much time on ourselves as we do fretting over men, we’d be invincible! Work on yourself because at the end of the day, you’re the only person you can trust.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|How dare you come into my home? And hurt my family? I ought to tear your throat out right here, right now!
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|Whoever is messing with my daughter, messing with my home, will be sorry they chose to play this game. I’ll be screaming checkmate before they even realise I moved my pawns…
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|…I bet I’ll haunt your dreams tonight. I just wan’ed to paint a picture in your head. I wan’ed you to see me as the monster I can often be. You see, you are what you allow people to know ‘bout you. Truth or lies or some combination of the two, is what makes you who you are. So, you don’t know me yet. But what I need you to know about me for now, is that I can’t be trusted.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|We all know what’s coming. The winds are picking up, spiralling closer and bringing with it a great wave of destruction…none of us can hide…no matter which side you choose, you’ll be dragged into the line of fire and who’s to say, my friend, which of us will come out alive?
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|Just because we’re adults doesn’t mean we should grow up! The world’s a playground for us, Melody, and I for one intend to play!
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|I know you’re scared, Letti, but sweetheart…you haven’t seen anything yet. You’ve not known true fear...
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|The minute grains of sand slipped silently down the curved hourglass, no matter how many times the people of Earth willed them not to. Time, fate and the actions of others were out of their control.
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|In an ideal world, he’d simply scrape the surface of his bottomless courage, carelessly slip off his horse, scratch his massive balls, and then stroll over to the Lair in his own good time. But this wasn’t an ideal world, Rawley’s courage reservoir was barely a puddle, and at that particular moment he had precious little below the belt worth scratching!
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|The thing I can’t figure out,” Axel turned to gaze directly at the gorgeous Elf. “Is how we got drawn into this mess? A week ago we were just boys, bumbling about in our last year of study, and now we’re in the midst of events that will change the course of Alba’s future! How did that happen?” He tossed his hands in the air and shook his head. “These are our parents’ battles. This is our parents’ world. They’re supposed to hand over something valuable and precious, not suck us into a scarred and shattered wreck!”Carolyn struggled to maintain her composure. She bit her bottom lip until it quivered in pain. “I don’t know how it happened,” she whispered, shaking her head, feeling guilty and tortured and evil and awful. “It’s not fair though.”“Well, we’re in the game now,” said Axel, as he stared down at the deadly black blade. “And heaven help all those who stand in our way.
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|The sun was late, stuck in heavy mist. When it finally broke free there was no one to see, no one to applaud its sterling effort, because everyone in Freemantle was heading west. The burnt orange blaze of dawn made it look like they were fleeing a fire, but all knew that the real conflagration lay ahead.
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|Tristan turned to face the Talon crowd and placed one hand on his own chest, “Our parents think that ‘compromise’ is a dirty word, a sign of weakness and neglect. They choose combat over concession every time. They fight for the sake of fighting because in their world,” and now he pointed out of the room into the distance, “every disagreement has to have a winner and a loser; life can never be a draw.
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|Mick reached backwards without breaking eye contact and ran his hand across the door behind him, “See this?” he said. “This is my door. And no-one is touching my door today.” He shook his head slowly as if the issue wasn’t even up for debate.Surle said nothing, just stared.Mick swung his sword lazily, pointing towards the floor between himself and the infamous Marshal, “See this floor here? This floor is my porch,” he said. “And no-one is welcome on my porch today, especially you.”Still nothing from Surle, just silence.“So why don’t you just sod off like a good little lackey?
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|Rotten, dirty, back-slapping, wine-quaffing, haemorrhoid-hosting, goat-shagging, fart-sniffing, Crispin-loving, gold-snatching bastards!!!
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|Jeffers stretched up on his toes to see the back of the mob, “But James, we’re doing all this for you... We need this gold to build a united Alba. We need it to fund an army and to forge decisive leadership.” His voice was almost plaintive. “We want to hand your generation a real empire rather than just a loose collection of competing Families. We want to give you the foundations to achieve glory! What could possibly be wrong with that?”“Rubbish!” cried Tristan, not about to let honey-coated nonsense dissolve the glue that bound his army. “Absolute codswallop!” he let his calm facade slip for the first time that day. “What you’re actually trying to do is to build a legacy that you don’t deserve! You want to swan around as an armchair General for the next twenty years while your precious army strives and dies for hollow victories that do nothing more than feed your ego! And do you know who strives and dies in this picture?” He waved one arm at the figures behind him. “We do! We here in this alley, along with other young men and women just like us!”Tristan watched Jeffers from the corner of his eye, as he shook his fist towards deGroot, “Well we’re not having it! If you want us to fight and die, then we’re going to fight now, and we’re going to fight you! So come on down deGroot and take a swing!
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|It wasn’t like that at all!” argued the Sleuth, looking around for support. “It was a heroic, selfless act of spectacular bravery! I should be worshipped like a god! Immortalised in song!” He struck a dramatic pose, “One man, alone and outnumbered, sacrificed himself for the greater good…”“Immortalised in song, eh?” chuckled Mick. “How about ‘ridiculed in nursery rhymes’?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|People don't care about being duped as long as they're happy, which is the shortest form of happiness; hence 'self-duprication' becomes a habit.
Ransom Riggs, Hollow City|You may choose to live in a world of fantasy if you like, my dear, but I am a realist.
Naoko Takeuchi|You’re so unfair, Michiru…To leave into your own world…Don’t leave me alone…-Haruka Tenoh/Sailor Uranus
Sarah Glenn Marsh, Fear the Drowning Deep|And with the melody came the unmistakable sound of water slapping against the rocks far below us, slowly eroding the foundation of Port Coire and everything I loved.
Erika Johansen|Why do you have such a nice Bible?” Kelsea asked.“The Bible is a book, Kelsea, a book that has influenced mankind for thousands of years. It deserves to be preserved in a good edition, just like any other important book.”“Do you believe it’s true?”“No.”“Then why did I have to read it?” Kelsea demanded, feeling resentful. It hadn’t been a particularly good book, and it was heavy; she had hauled the damned thing from room to room for days. “What was the point?”“To know your enemy, Kelsea. Even a book can be dangerous in the wrong hands, and when that happens, you blame the hands, but you also read the book.
S.R. Gibbs, The Inner Kingdom|That is when you know you have reached the point of no return, when you began to stalk a ghost.
Terry Pratchett|It's rude to stare," said the troll. Its mouth opened with a little crest of foam, and shut again in exactly the same way that water closes over a stone. "Is it? Why?" asked Rincewind. How does he hold himself together, his mind screamed at him. Why doesn't he spill?
S.R. Gibbs, The Inner Kingdom|We keep electing council members for appearance sake, it doesn’t mean anything, and it is just a show for the people, so that they may sleep well at night with their delusion of peace.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|i dont live in a fantasy; just a dream, that's to hard for some to believe.
S.R. Gibbs, The Inner Kingdom|Clearing his throat “It is very improper for a lady to open the door, to a person of the opposite sex in her… sleeping attire.”“Improper? I look like I am wearing a rug,” I exclaimed, as I motioned at the calf-length thick red fabric; that I was wearing with wide shoulder straps. “Secondly, I don’t see you as human, let alone a man. You are more like a homicidal invention, of my hormonal teenage nightmare; which I can’t seem to be able to awake from.
Mike  Carey|Dragons were a problem sometimes, but they only came on Tuesdays, so you could work around them.
L.  Benitez, Shinobi 7: Trials of a Warrior|So these are the fresh meat, eh?” Zuko smirked. I cringed when he said fresh meat. How demeaning. “Well, I don’t know how well all of you can fight. So I’ll find out the quickest and simplest way.” He raised a scarred arm and pointed it at all of us, “ATTACK THE FRESH MEAT!
Lloyd Alexander|I can't imagine why knowledge, truth and love should be so much of a secret
Brandon Mull|Rachel opened her mouth to respond, but the head cut her off.
Sher-E-Yazdan|Gym is a fantasy place for me,gym is the place where i can do what ever i want.nobody stops you.nobody irritate you.you can lift weight what ever you want to choose.during exercises when you look your self in mirror and some people saw you.and think that he has nice built.that moment you proud on yourself.
Ali Harper, Beautiful Bedlam|All clichés aside, sometimes a girl just needed to cry in the rain.
Kim Cormack, Sweet Sleep|She could just kill them. If she did they would be healed again in moments ☥ She'd better let sleeping demons lie. "Enlightenment." Coming soon
Dalinar Kholin|I'm a weak man, Navani. I really am. If I give myself a few feet of leeway, I burst through all of my prohibitions.
Patrick Rothfuss|The problem with a lot of people who read only literary fiction is that they assume fantasy is just books about orcs and goblins and dragons and wizards and bullshit. And to be fair, a lot of fantasy is about that stuff.The problem with people in fantasy is they believe that literary fiction is just stories about a guy drinking tea and staring out the window at the rain while he thinks about his mother. And the truth is a lot of literary fiction is just that. Like, kind of pointless, angsty, emo, masturbatory bullshit.However, we should not be judged by our lowest common denominators. And also you should not fall prey to the fallacious thinking that literary fiction is literary and all other genres are genre. Literary fiction is a genre, and I will fight to the death anyone who denies this very self-evident truth.So, is there a lot of fantasy that is raw shit out there? Absolutely, absolutely, it’s popcorn reading at best. But you can’t deny that a lot of lit fic is also shit. 85% of everything in the world is shit. We judge by the best. And there is some truly excellent fantasy out there. For example, Midsummer Night’s Dream; Hamlet with the ghost; Macbeth, ghosts and witches; I’m also fond of the Odyessey; Most of the Pentateuch in the Old Testament, Gargantua and Pantagruel.Honestly, fantasy existed before lit fic, and if you deny those roots you’re pruning yourself so closely that you can’t help but wither and die.
J.R.R. Tolkien|The world is changing: I feel it in the water, I feel it in the earth, and I smell it in the air.
Christine Heppermann, Poisoned Apples: Poems for You, My Pretty|And those women were sneaky. They understood that including fantastical elements in their tales- golden eggs, signing harps, talking frogs- worked to mask a deeper purpose....it made the stories look on the surface like 'a mere bubble of nonsense' within which it was possible to 'utter harsh truths, to say what you dare' about the state of women's lives. Because they were just stories, right? Harmless little fantasies?
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|I propose to speak about fairy-stories, though I am aware that this is a rash adventure. Faërie is a perilous land, and in it are pitfalls for the unwary and dungeons for the overbold.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|Man, Sub-creator, the refracted Lightthrough whom is splintered from a single Whiteto many hues, and endlessly combinedin living shapes that move from mind to mind.
A.R. Von, Lady's Destiny|His eyes go wide while a gasp of wonder passes his lips. He turns his body fully toward us. His lips moving like a fish out of water, gasping for breath. He gives his head a shake and stutters out, “Mer—mermaids. There are fish with women’s bodies or—women with fish bodies sitting upon the rocks. I—I never knew...
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|The mind that thought of light, heavy, grey, yellow, still, swift, also conceived of magic that would make heavy things light and be able to fly, turn grey lead into yellow gold, and the still rock into a swift water.
Terry Pratchett|Fantasy imposes order on the universe. Or, at least, it superimposes order on the universe. And it is a human order. Reality tells us that we exist for a brief, beleaguered span in a cold infinity; fantasy tells us that the figures in the foreground are important. Fantasy peoples the alien Outside, and it doesn’t matter a whole lot if it peoples it with good guys or bad guys. Putting ‘Hy-Brasil’ on the map is a step in the right direction, but if you can’t manage that, then ‘Here Be Dragons is better than nothing. Better than the void.
Nicole Sager|Half of what I write is imaginative reality. The other half is realized impossibilities. Blended into one, these make a fantasy.
Chess Desalls, Travel Glasses|No doubt you've experienced something similar in books, movies, novels–whatever you use as an excuse to get away, to suspend reality. Literary characters, like these projections, draw you in and cultivate feelings of friendship on your part. Although, no matter how much you learn about them, how much time you spend with them–how far you can see into their thoughts and words, how they interact with others, their looks, what they wear–they will never, ever know you.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|In fact the Gods were as puzzled by all this as the wizards were, but they were powerless to do anything and in any case were engaged in an eons-old battle with the Ice Giants, who had refused to return the lawnmower.
polandbananasBOOKS|There are many who are hesitant and say, 'I don't witches and I don't like wizards; I only like the real world.' That's because you haven't been to the fake one yet.
David Kuklis, Escape from Netherworld|Ah, life in medieval times! Yeah, we only have to worry about losing our heads every day.
A.O. Esther, Elveszett lelkek|This time, I sat next to a pixie girl called Takara, who had pinkish hair and wore a bright pink dress to match. She was the first forest-dweller I had seen wearing jewellery: she was wearing a necklace and bracelet of finely worked crystal beads. When she noticed my interest, she removed her bracelet and held it out to me. “Sophiel, I would be so pleased if you would wear this!”I was surprised by this kind and very selfless gesture; after all, I had not been admiring her jewels with any intention of asking her to part with them!“You’re very kind, Takara, but I was merely admiring your handiwork!” I said, trying politely to refuse her gift. “Mitsuko told me that you make your jewellery yourself. You’re very talented, they’re really lovely pieces, but I wouldn’t want to take them away from you. It’s you that makes these jewels really beautiful!
Leigh Goff, Disenchanted|I threw my hands on my hips, shocked by the irony. A Mather helping a Greensmith? Hell was freezing over somewhere beneath our feet and every kind of farm animal was sprouting wings to fly.
Michael Joseph Murano, Age of the Seer|Azerowut, I must tend to an urgently urgent business and a business that is urgent most urgently. Watch over my tent with extreme care and care that is caring in the extreme, and do not, under any circumstantial circumstances, allow anyone and his brother to be within an uncomfortably uncomfortable distance of her door. --Master Kwadile
Shannon L. Alder|The fault in our stars is the inability to see that the world falls in love with fantasy, fairytales and magic in movies. Even religion asks us to believe in the most unlikely of situations. However, despite all the great movies we love, we choose to see so many real life spiritual experiences as delusion, mania, psychosis or wishful thinking. Our society gives great devotion to the arts. However, they solve so many problems with realism, rather than giving into the possibilty of God's plan for a person, that doesn't involve their theological views about how God helps write his children's stories.
Cammie McGovern, Say What You Will|Oh God, this is my fantasy! Where those just-friend boys suddenly realize they lov
Kate Griffin|You know how it is -- you get older, you get wiser, you start to ask yourself 'is it any use being able to summon creatures of the nether deeps when I could be watching BBC 4?
Laney McMann, Torn|What kind of life is that? Do you know? Do you? Because I know. I lived that life. For years I lived it. Without you. And I've never been more miserable. I'd rather fight everyday to keep you near me than have you walk away. I'd rather pay that price, Max. I'm not afraid to pay it. I can't believe you're standing here telling me that you are." ~Layla to Max; TORN
Cherise Sinclair, Show Me, Baby|Thus, she had learned a romance book was fiction. A hero who truly cared for the heroine was called a fantasy.
Robin A. Dilks, Racheal Awakened|If you do nothing more in life do what you love. It may not make you rich, but it will always make you happy.
Micheal Joseph Murano|My father used to say that when hunting a shark, we should either kill it or let it go. To cage a shark is sheer cruelty, and I cannot live like a shark in a cage any longer.
Brooke Burgess, The Cat's Maw|There were fat cats and skinny cats. The long-tailed and the bobbed. The daring young leapers, and the old windowsill sleepers. Balls of waddling fluff, smooth-coated prowlers, and hairless ones that looked fragile and wise. The tiger-striped, the ring-tailed, and the ones with matching coloured socks and mittens. There were tabbies and calicos. Manx and Persians. Siamese and Bombay. Ragdolls and Birmans. Maine Coons and Russian Blues. There were Snowshoes and Somalis, Tonkinese and Turkish, and many, many more. Brown and beige and orange and grey and black and white and silver cats, each with gleaming eyes of emerald, or sapphire, or amber. A rainbow of precious stones.
Suren Hakobyan, Edge of End|I can’t change my past, nobody can, I can make my future better
Jenna Lindsey, A Precarious Journey Into Magic|I think one who thrives on death may be defeated by life.Elswyth, from A Precarious Journey Into Magic
Michael Moorcock, The Knight of the Swords|Therefore it seemed a dreadful injustice that these wise races should perish at the hands of creatures who were still little more than animals. It was as if vultures feasted on and squabbled over the paralyzed body of the youthful poet who could only stare at them with puzzled eyes as they slowly robbed him of an exquisite existence they would never appreciate, never know they were taking.
Rudyard Kipling, Rudyard Kipling's Tales of Horror and Fantasy|All kinds of magic are out of date and done away with, except in India, where nothing changes in spite of the shiny, top-scum stuff that people call 'civilization.
Just B. Jordan, Never To Live|I don't have to stand and walk, I only have to open my eyes.
Sally Wiener Grotta, The Winter Boy|We are all of the same substance, the same life. Though there are many differences between us, those are merely the shadows that delineate our boundaries. Our light is the same.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|Curious about these new entities, the elementals asked why the gods were in the shape they were."We are bipedal," Erebus said. "We wish to be distinguished from the animals.""What are animals?" an elemental asked."We're not sure yet, but they will have more than two legs. Unless we give them less than two... or maybe not. Anyway, it's just a concept we're playing with at the moment.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|Ready?" Aeron called over.Michael span to see him giving a thumbs up to the booth. His eye was drawn down to the huge war hammer hanging from his other hand."How about we start with a chase? Try to touch the far wall and get back here before I cripple you." He smiled as if he'd said 'tag you', not 'cripple you'.
Lou Anders, Frostborn|You live and die in the batting of my eyes. You cast a wavering shadow over the snow for a day. I cast my shadow over empires across eons." - Orm Hinn Langi the Dragon
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|Corvid looked up at her. "Oh, hello Doris.""Gertie, dear," she said. "They call me Gertie.""You used to be Doris," Corvid said as a matter of fact."Who?" She seemed unsure of what she was being told."Doris, daughter of Oceanus and Tethys?" Corvid carried on when he saw her blank expression. "You must remember Nereus? Your husband?"Nothing."You gave birth to fifty sea nymphs. I guess sea nymphs come out slippy and hydrodynamic, but even so, fifty of them? That must stick in the memory as the day before you felt really sore for a month or so?"Doris thought about it for a moment. "It does ring a bell. Sorry, who are you?
Daniel Adorno, The Blade Heir|If we must die, then let us die fighting a battle worthy of remembrance in the tales of our descendants!
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|I've done this sort of thing before. Not prophecies so much, but you'd be surprised how many people want to realign their ancestral lines to seem nobler, or rewrite their family history to remove more morally questionable episodes." He paused to recall a recent rewrite. "One lord wanted the murderers removed from his family line. His family was so corrupt, he ended up with three virgin births, two generations removed entirely and a lady who gave birth at the age of two. Still, no one questions it as there is evidence in the archives." Bubo smugly tapped a book. "There is one thing though, faking a prophecy in the past is easy, you already know the result. How will you make this come true in the future?""I have someone in mind for it, but I'm not sure he'll go for it. But then prophecy is all optional anyway." Corvid looked up as if a thought had occurred to him. "I'd best go check on my man, I've not met him yet.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|I don't understand humans." Caradoc shook his head. "It takes their brightest minds decades to plan an unmanned voyage to the nearest planet, which can take a year to travel each way. Yet they expect there to be aliens travelling distances it takes light decades to reach us, just for a weekend of bum fun with a total stranger without asking their permission, before dropping them off where they found them. They're just dying to believe the weirdest, least plausible things possible.
A.D.Y. Howle|I'll make my own magic'" - A.D.Y.Howle
Grace Draven, Master of Crows|Come in, Martise." Silhara's voice was almost sibilant in the darkness as he tagged on her hand. "There are no soul eaters here." No, she thought. Only heart thieves.
Margaret Weis, Dragons of Winter Night|If we deny love that is given to us, if we refuse to give love because we fear the pain of loss, then our lives will be empty, our loss greater.
Jennifer Weiner, All Fall Down|I had started on the marriage and motherhood beat by accident with a post on my personal, read only by friends, blog called ‘Fifty Shades of Men’. I had written it after buying Fifty Shades of Grey to spice up what Dave and I half-jokingly called our grown up time, and had written a meditation on how the sex wasn’t the sexiest part of the book. “Dear publishers, I will tell you why every woman with a ring on her finger and a car seat in her SUV is devouring this book like the candy she won’t let herself eat.” I had written. “It’s not the fantasy of an impossibly handsome guy who can give you an orgasm just by stroking your nipples. It is instead the fantasy of a guy who can give you everything. Hapless, clueless, barely able to remain upright without assistance, Ana Steele is that unlikeliest of creatures, a college student who doesn’t have an email address, a computer, or a clue. Turns out she doesn’t need any of those things. Here is the dominant Christian Grey and he’ll give her that computer plus an iPad, a beamer, a job, and an identity, sexual and otherwise. No more worrying about what to wear. Christian buys her clothes. No more stress about how to be in the bedroom. Christian makes those decisions. For women who do too much—which includes, dear publishers, pretty much all the women who have enough disposable income to buy your books—this is the ultimate fantasy: not a man who will make you come, but a man who will make agency unnecessary, a man who will choose your adventure for you.
Eva Hoffman, Lost in Translation: A Life in a New Language|When my turn on the program comes, I am not nervous at all—because all this is happening out of time, out of space. I am, for a moment, a figure of my own fantasy, and I play my appointed role as if I were in the movies.
Eugie Foster, Sinner, Baker, Fabulist, Priest; Red Mask, Black Mask, Gentleman, Beast|I am chaos in this ordered society, the flaw in a carefully wrought plan. I am turbulence in the queen's eternal river.
Eugie Foster, Beautiful Winter|... where I walked, the frost shaped itself to my will, dancing in the air like music over water.
Y.K. Raikou|A heart filled with light will always be in the middle of darkness. But, once it shines more brightly, there's nothing to be afraid. You, are the one who will conquer it.
Claire M. Banschbach, The Rise of Aredor|We hear rumors of a man who leads a rebellion in the forest, determined to drive the invader out. It's said wherever wolf howls or hawk cries, he appears.
Lauren Lola, A Moment's Worth|It’s all short, sweet and simple, but it’s all a moment’s worth.
Melissa Simmons, Resistance|You all know why we’re here. The time has come for action. To be sure we are prepared, Maeve and I will be heading out to scout conditions. We shouldn’t be gone more than a fortnight and in our absence, Fianna will be seeing to things. If we don’t return, you all know what to do. Look after yourselves and be ready.
J.J. Gadd, Lunation|The Boy’s head was spinning. Raul was real, and quite possibly not kindly disposed to him, as Marama’s potential heir and jail-breaker. The sailors worshiped Marama, who controlled the tides and commanded them through dreams? The Geolwe collected clouds and lived in the sky? And did the captain just say there were mountains in the sea? Did he mean under the water? Downing the drink in front of him, he began to laugh. It was all just so hopelessly un-real. Anselt and the captain stared for a moment, then found his mirth infectious. Before long they were laughing too, and the sound of their merriment sailed through the night and out to greet the rolling waves, wrapping itself around the ship like a cloud.
Claire M. Banschbach, The Rise of Aredor|We'll free as many as we can and build an army in the forest. It might take years, but I won't rest until every last Calorin is gone from these shores and my father is restored to the throne. - Corin
Eugie Foster, The Storyteller's Wife|Know, Goodwife, that Faerie is shaped by storytellers. Their fantasies, their dreams give my realm life. We were dying, all of us, from the smallest nixie to highborn sidhe, for want of a storyteller.
Dennis Vickers, Mikawadizi Storms|Am I an old man who changed into a butterfly, or a butterfly who thinks he was once an old man?
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|Staying relaxed was helping him cope with the drug induced juddering vision that could be best described as being like a Hitchcockian visual effect operated by a hyperactive squirrel that shook the whole universe closer and farther away. If you went with it, it was quite pleasant, as long as you didn't introduce any lateral movement like turning your head or the car. This caused the universe to try and slide away from underneath you. The other side effect was the constant feeling you ought to try to twist your head off, in a good way.
Evette Davis, Woman King|As far as I'm concerned, you're changing the fate of another human being. Maybe he isn't meant to be elected to office. Maybe humans deserve to live with electing the wrong person.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|It was one of those decisions that shouldn't have been so easy to get so wrong. Go on your own or take the half wasted waif. She was wearing denim hotpants with a pink vest top, and was hanging off his arm, more for stability than closeness, so he propped her up against the wall next to the counter and reached inside his coat pocket for his badge. It was definitely his badge, he clearly remembered stealing it two years before whilst in California.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|On the corner of Cathedral Road a raven sat in a tree watching him. He knew it was Dorkus for two reasons. Firstly, he'd told Dorkus to stay there to keep an eye on Michael. Secondly, he was wearing a top hat, carrying a cane, and if Corvid's eyes were right, he now had spats over his feet."Cacaw," Dorkus said."Really?" Corvid replied, "we're back to cawing?""I thought it would be less suspicious in public.""You do know you just said that carrying a cane and wearing a top hat and a pair of spats?
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|These werewolves and the gwrgi are not like the American breed of werewolf. They are not part timers. They do not spend the one, full moon, night in every twenty eight as a wolf or wolf-man beast. They do not spend twenty eight days and twenty seven nights wandering round high school hallways and shopping malls filled with teenage angst about falling in love with the 'one'. They do not go to cool parties where everyone is half naked and waxed.When werewolves change that's it, seven years as a wolf. Gwrgi are stuck the way they are permanently and aren't so much a wolf with a large dollop of teenage heart throb mixed in, but more a wolf with a little too much stinky tramp mixed in.One folk legend is true. You can kill both werewolves and gwrgi by either shooting them through the heart with a silver bullet or by chopping their head off. But then, pretty much any animal can be killed by shooting them through the heart with a silver bullet or by chopping their head off. And if you're on a budget, the bullet probably doesn't even need to be silver.
Lauren Lola, A Moment's Worth|Go forward in your beliefs and teachings, educate the open-minded and be humble to the ones who aren’t.
Hannah Moskowitz, Teeth|I wish we would all just fall apart so I wouldn't have to listen to the downfall happen, so slowly, so painfully.
Delano Johnson, Words That Changed the World|I looked at an angel today, but the angel could not see me. The angel was more amazing than beautiful, like the best forgotten dream.
Michael Cisco, The Traitor|Cadavers and spirits are human refuse, and they are absurdly difficult to dispose of properly. When someone dies, a small gang of specialists is required to remove and inter the body in such a way that it can always be located precisely at any time while preventing it from ever appearing again.
J.L. Sheppard, Heavenly Desire|When I’m gone, time won’t change. It will pass the way it always has. I’ve seen it happen. People always move on. You will find your mate. You will move on then I’ll be nothing but a memory, but I will never forget you. I will always love you for you have drawn emotions in me no other has in two thousand years. I will live with the memory of you in my heart because nothing can erase you from within me. You have forever changed me. You’ve taught me what it’s like to truly love.
J.L. Sheppard, Heavenly Desire|I can’t let it happen. I can’t risk it. I have to protect you, and I will. With every breath in me, I will.
J.L. Sheppard, Heavenly Desire|And the more he gazed at her, the more he felt a twinge of something he couldn’t quite describe, an unknown surge that bubbled inside him from the first moment he’d caught sight of her, and it wouldn’t release him.
J.L. Sheppard, Heavenly Desire|He would give up his wings and heaven for her, a woman he loved but would never truly belong to him, a woman he could never keep. He’d fall and be banished from the only home he’d ever known, but he could never give her up. He’d keep her, enjoy her and love her as long as he could.
José Ortega y Gasset, An Interpretation of Universal History|Man is a fantastic animal; he was born of fantasy, he is the son of "the mad woman of the house." And universal history is the gigantic and thousand-year effort to go on putting order into that huge, disorderly, anti-animal fantasy. What we call reason is no more than fantasy put into shape. Is there anything in the world more fantastic than that which is the most rational? Is there anything more fantastic than the mathematical point, and the infinite line, and, in general, all mathematics and all physics? Is there a more fantastic fancy than what we call "justice" and the other thing that we call "happiness"?
S. Usher Evans|I have found the more fantastic the setting, the more truthful the confessions.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|The abbot cleared his throat. "You are all very stupid people," he told them graciously, "and you do not know anything at all.
J.L. Sheppard, Heavenly Desire|I made the decision. I want you more than I want heaven, more than I want to be an angel. I love you more than who I was created to be.
John Howard  Matthews, This Is Where It Gets Interesting|He had to die someday too. He might do it on sheets with a six-hundred-plus thread count, but he'd die just the same. Death wouldn't forget about him.
Gregory C. Carlson, Sold on Language: How Advertisers Talk to You and What This Says about You|You might think of the barrier between fiction and reality as being a bit like a blood-brain barrier, which allows only some kinds of molecules to pass from the bloodstream into the brain. Emotions can easily pass from the fictional world into the real one, so that fiction can feel as if it were real. But BELIEFS are blocked. We KNOW the events have no bearing in the real world.
Bronwen Webb, The Legend of Wild Horse Beach|The dragon turned on the children and unicorns, his mouth open. For a brief moment, they could see his eyes change from blue to a deep red, like coals in a fire. It was almost as if another, fiercer dragon looked at them through Zebedia’s eyes.
Mary-Jean Harris, Aizai the Forgotten|Her voice was soft and numinous, as befitted any Aizian singer, yet it was not just bells and melody. There was something else in her tune, a strand of solemnity that no Aizian could possess, for it yearned for something far away, whereas Aizians needed only open their eyes to behold the greatest wonders. Yes, she was in Aizai now, but she hadn’t always been, and for how much longer was impossible to say.
Michael Cisco, The Traitor|Ask anyone what that means, what it means to see a miracle, and they will say that it's something impossible, but they mean that a miracle is something formerly believed to be impossible that turns out not to be, not to be impossible, in other words, but possible after all. If this were really true, then miracles would be the most ordinary things in the world, the most uninspiring things in the world, and what can one expect from people who have never been anything but ordinary and uninspired.
Valentina Hepburn, Notes on a Rebellion|He takes my face in his hands and presses his lips against mine – a tender, beautiful kiss – the kiss I’ve waited for forever. He quickly pulls his shirt over his head and my breath catches in my throat at the sight of his muscular body and smooth skin. He pushes Ordinary gently to the bottom of the bunk and climbs in next to me. Wrapping his arms around me, he lays his head next to mine. At last, we sleep.' ...from Notes on a Rebellion
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein, or The Modern Prometheus: Classic Annotated and Illustrated 1818 'Uncensored' Edition|The course of the Rhine below Mainz becomes much more picturesque. The river descends rapidly and winds between hills, not high, but steep, and of beautiful forms. We saw many ruined castles standing on the edges of precipices, surrounded by black woods, high and inaccessible. This part of the Rhine, indeed, presents a singularly variegated landscape. In one spot you view rugged hills, ruined castles overlooking tremendous precipices, with the dark Rhine rushing beneath; and on the sudden turn of a promontory, flourishing vineyards with green sloping banks and a meandering river and populous towns occupy the scene.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Love is the best thing in the world, except for cough drops.
Brooke Warra|One evening, after a particularly terrible row, the prince smashed his princess over the head with an old wooden clock and she tumbled to the floor, dead.
Montgomery Mahaffey, Ella Bandita and the Wanderer|Although her heart had been dead for years, she clasped her hands over her breast to protect what rested underneath.
Mary-Jean Harris, Aizai the Forgotten|No, I do not believe in fate, that some spirits of the heavens weave the laws of the world to make it so. That is dogma for the foolish, for the universe is quite able to deal with such matters herself, to use her natural laws to guide matter and the spirits. Even so, souls within the world can act to naturally shift the cause of events. Magister Brennark did say that ‘Nothing happens unless we make it so.’ I believe you have made it so, Wolfdon, and how foolish it would be for us to ignore an opportunity that you yourself established, whether you knew you were doing so or not.
Lauren Lola, A Moment's Worth|If you really think about it, humans must look really strange to animals. We have more than one way of communicating, we're ashamed of our bodies as to where it's a law to wear fabrics, we destroy natural civilizations for artificial ones, and despite being of the same species, we always look past that aspect and question, judge, hurt and kill each other over what makes us different.
Lauren Lola, A Moment's Worth|...sometimes when you are lost for direction, you are open to a new way of seeing.
Sarah J. Maas, Crown of Midnight|Chaol," he said, looking over his shoulder. Dorian's eyes were frozen, his jaw clenched. "Treat her well.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|Ascente cha ores ri ve breazza.""Turn your ear to the wind," she interpreted. "Stand strong.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|Today was the day a thousand dreams would die and a single dream would be born.The wind knew. It was the first of June, but cold gusts bit at the hilltop citadelle as fiercely as deepest winter, shaking the windows with curses and winding through drafty halls with warning whispers. There was no escaping what was to come.
Danielle L. Jensen, Stolen Songbird|Now that your speech impediment has been rectified, perhaps you might say something. It would be best if it were humorous. I enjoy a good jest.' 'You are dreadfully rude,' I said to him. He sighed. 'That wasn't the slightest bit funny.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|There aren't many berry bushes where I'm from.""And just where would that be?"His hand paused on a berry like it was a monumental decision whether to pluck it or not. He finally pulled and explained he was from a small town in the southernmost part of Morringhan. When I asked the name, he said it was very small and had no name...."A town with no name? Really? How very odd." I waited for him to scramble, and he didn't disappoint me."It's only a region. A few scattered dwellings at most. We're farmers there. Mostly farmers. And you? Where are you from?"...I took the berry still poised in his fingers and popped it in my mouth. Where was I from? I narrowed my eyes and smiled. "A small town in the northernmost part of Morrighan. Mostly farmers. Only a regions, really. A few scattered dwellings. At most. No name."He couldn't restrain a chuckle. "Then we come from opposite but similar worlds, don't we?
Danielle L. Jensen, Stolen Songbird|Hmmm,' the King said, making a face. 'I'm not sure this is what we bargained for, boy. We expected the girl to be attractive.' If I hadn't been so terrified, I would have been insulted.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|Snow. I wondered what it felt like. Aunt Bernette said it could be both soft and hard, cold and hot. It stung and burned when the wind pelted it through the air, and it was a gentle cold feather when it drifted down in lazy circles from the sky. I couldn't imagine it being so many things, and I wondered if she had taken license with her story as Father always claimed. I couldn't stop thinking of it.Snow.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|I saw sadness when I looked at what was left of them. The demigods who had once controlled the heavens had been brought low, humbled to the point of death. I always imagined I heart their crumbled masterpieces singing an endless mourning dirge. I turned, looking at the wild grass shivering across the plateau. "I see only reminders that nothing lasts forever, not even greatness.""Some things last."I faced him. "Really? And just what would that be?""The things that matter.
Danielle L. Jensen, Stolen Songbird|Pointed teeth would give one an appearance of ferocity," he said, tapping a straight white tooth. "Although that might require one to follow through with biting someone from time to time, and the thought is enough to make one feel ill. I don't even like my meat cooked rare.
Ursula K. Le Guin|A lot of people still maintain genre prejudice. I still meet matrons who tell me kindly that their children enjoyed my books but of course they never read them, and people who make sure I know they don’t read that space-ship stuff. No, no, they read Literature—realism. Like The Help, or Fifty Shades of Grey.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Knowledge is not obtained through being absorbed in a book, it comes when you brush aside fantasies and sensuality, switching from the unreal to the real.
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|CHORONZON "I am anti-life, the beast of judgement. I am the dark at the end of everything. The end of universes, Gods, worlds... of everything. And what will you be then, Dreamlord?"MORPHEUS "I am hope.
L. Joseph Shosty|And you will spend the rest of your life wondering if I have disciples to avenge me. Hire your tasters, Burbesh. Until the Master of the Sleeps comes for you, you’ll never know a taste of anything that has not touched another’s lips first. You’ll never sleep in a bed that has not been first tossed for vipers. You’ll never sit in a chair that has not been tested for poisoned barbs in its cushions. You shall never see a bath drawn for you that you will not at first fear is acid. And you’ll never have another dream where my face is not grinning at you from the shadows.” -- From "Morality for Alchemists and Thieves
Jennifer Priester, Mortal Realm Witch: Realms Unite?|He can talk!""Yes, I can speak any language you want, fly, and breath fire." Air Raid said proudly."Can you do anything else?" the boy asked.Air Raid thought for a moment then said, "I can sing.""No, he can't. And please don't ask him to prove it," Ally quickly said looking at the fawn haired girl pleadingly."I'll believe you this time," the fawn hair girl said. After being proven wrong several times already she didn't want to take any more chances.
K. Chrisbacher, The Last Innocent|Always have a plan, but be prepared to change it at any given moment.
Jennifer Priester, Mortal Realm Witch: Realms Unite?|Star, pillows don't attack dogs," Sam said."Or anything else," Turtle added.
Daniel Pike, The Wolf of Descarta|Brea watched the other Jaren, the Jaren she wasn't sure she wanted to know, slip through the cracks of his face. He was like the changelings in that Dream Box game he was so invested in, Bladescape. Her own interested mask, the one she was supposed to wear, must have slanted a bit around the eyes because then the other Jaren, her Jaren, was back. She watched his dimples puddle in the black of his beard as his mind fumbled for something to say. And this impromptu self-modification, here at the monitoring station at the job where she'd made such a fool of herself, was the closest thing to love that Brea Morgen had ever known.
Joe Fassler|it’s the way he uses language—which is nothing like the way fantasists used language before him. There’s no sense of nostalgia. There’s no medieval floridness. There’s no fairy tale condescension to the child reader. It’s very straight, and very clean—there’s no Vaseline on the lens. You see everything clearly, not with sparkles or a flowery sense of wonderment, but with very specific physical details.
Don Luis Zavala, Oh My Holy Phone|Vincent knew he was dying. A horrendous fever overwhelmed him with intolerable pain throughout many sleepless hours. It came as a result of a malaria epidemic that erupted in his hometown during early nineteenth century Europe. The disease spread so fast, physicians had to ration their stocks of quinine only to use it on patients who weren’t declared “hopeless”. Vincent was one of the unlucky ones. Speculating his time on Earth may be short, he requested spiritual guidance, even if he wasn’t a faithful man, nor did he believe in forgiveness. He appealed to the Church as a “just in case” like many other petrified atheists.
R.W. Schmidt, The Lands Beyond the Moon|Few living do.""Then, have I...I mean, am I-""Oh, no, child! You are still very much alive! Though I may say, not as Alive as you might be if you had died.
Daniel Pike, The Wolf of Descarta|The Dream Box wasn't a place, but it was a destination. It wasn't life, but it was a way of life. Reese wasn't awake in the Meat Space the way he was in Cyber, where a billion liters of endorphins blasted through the biological wiring of his veins with every corner his mind turned, where every conscious or subconscious choice he made was infused with importance. Linked in, he could partake of the guiltless ecstasy that was up for grabs, even for people like him. Linked in as Balmus, he could even be his own hero.
F.T. McKinstry, Water Dark|Love is whole. Love cannot be divided from itself. Love knows all paths, where even gods and cats are blind.
Oliver Gaspirtz|Happy Endings are an illusion. Real life is filled with brief moments of fleeting happiness, but ultimately every life is a tragedy that ends in death and grief.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Look at me!" he would shout as he ran laughing through the halls of Storm's End. "Look at me, I'm a dragon," or "Look at me, I'm a wizard," or "Look at me, look at me, I'm the rain
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|It is not the destination that matters, but how one arrives there.
Holly Black, Doll Bones|Adventuring turned out to be boring. Zach thought back to all the fantasy books he'd read where a team of questers traveled overland, and realized a few things. First he'd pictured himself with a loyal steed that would have done most of the walking, so he hadn't anticipated the blister forming on his left heel or the tiny pebble that seemed to have worked its way under his sock, so that even when he stripped off his sneaker he couldn't find it.He hadn't thought about how hot the sun would be either. When he put together his bunch of provisions, he never thought about bringing sunblock. Aragorn never wore sunblock. Taran never wore sunblock. Percy never wore sunblock. But despite all that precedent for going without, he was pretty sure his nose would be lobster-red the next time he looked in the mirror.He was thirsty, too, something that happened a lot in books, but his dry throat bothered him more than it had ever seemed to bother any character.And, unlike in books where random brigands and monsters jumped out just when things got unbearably dull, there was nothing to fight except for the clouds of gnats, several of which Zach was pretty sure he'd accidentally swallowed.
Robert McCammon, Swan Song|Here is Belladonna, the Lady of the Rocks,	The lady of situations.Here is the man with three staves, and here the Wheel,	And here is the one-eyed merchant, and this card,	Which is blank, is something he carries on his back,	Which I am forbidden to see. I do not find	The Hanged Man. Fear death by water.
Rashmi Bansal, Stay Hungry Stay Foolish|Of all the questions we leave unanswered the one that comes back to haunt us the most is :"What if…" What if I'd married my college sweetheart? What if I had the good sense not to? What if I had been born in this job market? What if... What if I'd planned a little less? What if I'd lived a little more? What if I'd chucked it all and started my own company? 'What ifs' are never idle fantasy. These are our hopes, dreams and desires
Chess Desalls, Travel Glasses|Life and light made up the interior, the realm of daytime. The exterior was darkness and night.
Stephen King, The Mist|One of his followers murmured agreement, but another quietly slipped away. Now there was Norton and four others. Maybe that wasn't so bad. Christ Himself could only find twelve.
Jan Siegel|I think people should take mythology much more seriously, because it tells us an awful lot about the history of the human race. We tend to dismiss it as 'fairy tales,' when it isn't. Fairy tales in themselves are about fundamentals of human nature. And they keep being reinvented in different ways. Fantasy acknowledges that, whereas a lot of modern literature is trying to distance itself from 'story,' never mind anything else. Which is why a lot of books are read by the critics, then people buy them, put them on their shelves, and don't really read them much, because they're not very interesting!
Robert Jordan, The Great Hunt|Those intricate curves and patterns your people create are beyond human eyes and hands to make. Perhaps we wished to avoid a poor imitation that would only have been an ever-present reminder to us of what we had lost. There is a different beauty in simplicity, in a single line placed just so, a single flower among the rocks. The harshness of the stone makes the flower more precious. We try not to dwell too much on what is gone. The strongest heart will break under that strain.
John    Hennessy, Dark Winter: Crescent Moon|There. We can be friends now.""Someone like you could never be my friend.""Why ever not?""Because I'm a nice person, and you're a sick, twisted bitch.
Stefan Molyneux|Those suffering from terminal falsehood seek out each other, like a drunk seeks out a wall so that he doesn't fall down.
W.B. Yeats|I carry the Sun in a Golden Cup, the Moon in a Silver Bag.
Love The Stacks Bookstore|Lost: The common sense of an unconventional dreamer. If found, please return to Love The Stacks.
Terry Spear, The Winged Fae|Oh, what had she done?"He'd startled her; that was the problem. It was all his fault he was lying on the ground, looking rather cherub like, his blond hair curling about his ears, his bright blue eyes closed now, his masculine lips parted slightly as he slept the sleep of the dead.She studied his masculine lips. And thought just how much havoc she could wreak if she kissed him. Served him right for startling her so.Without analyzing whether she should do it, and just because she could, she pressed her mouth against his and gently kissed his lips, meaning only to give a quick peck and that was it.... His lips curved up under hers and for a second, she thought he was awake, smiling at her kissing him....Her thoughts reverted to the kiss and immediately the human faery tale Sleeping Beauty and the prince giving the princess a kiss to wake her sprang to mind. Why ever did humans make up such nonsense anyway?
Serena Schreiber|The Devil loved watching children pour down the front steps of the high school like lava from a volcano. Trolling for souls. He posed in one of his favorite guises today, a school bus driver.
Jennifer Lott, Cursed Dishes|Charlotte’s dirty dishes haunted her dreams that night. She was running down a dark tunnel and close behind her plates, cups, bowls and crumbs made threatening noises.
Terry Spear, The Winged Fae|...She squeezed Niall's hand and bleakly said, "I don't want you hurt.""Oh, Serena, that's all I have to know." And with that, he kissed her so passionately, she felt as though she had fae transported to the moon and back...
Thomas Randall, Dreams of the Dead|Thomas Randall and Christopher Golden not only are inventive writers but write in a sense to grab your attention cover to cover! I absolutely advise you to read,"The Waking" series. You'll love it if you are into the movie,"The- Grudge". I'm currently working on reading the second book of the trilogy.
Kelly R. Michaels, Archer of the Lake|When she turned to accept her crown from Gwyndolyn, Feraan saw that her face was flushed from drink and excitement. Her pale hair cascaded over her shoulders, shining like glittering moonlight. She was warm and soft, and he knew that because he had felt her lips before. The green stems from her flower crown rested above her pointed ears, and though Caelfel was not the picture of nobility, Feraan could admit she was beautiful.
Diana Wynne Jones, Castle in the Air|Jamal stared at the dog in his arms. "Why I am I holding a dog full of angels?
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|A good woman comes in all shapes and colors.When you find her, adore her.
Delano Johnson|I promised her that I would never kiss and tell, but I have to tell someone about my dreams and fairytales. So I’m telling you that I kissed her.
Eden Ashe|Eden Ashe > Quotes > Quotable Quote(edit)“She shifted in his pocket, pressing her back against his chest. "It's iron."Instead of walking into the elevator, he glanced down at her. If he kept craning his neck this way, he was going to have a hell of a nasty headache by the time he made it home. Not to mention the looks he was getting from his taff for talking to himself, he was going to end up in a psych hold if this kept up....”"We're on the tenth floor. I'm not taking the damn stairs....""...I'm not talking to myself. I have a fairy in my pocket who's afraid of elevators.
Philip Cook, ERDEN FLAME OF THE CREATOR|Faith is not just thinking you can do things, but believing god can handle all things!
Mary-Jean Harris, Aizai the Forgotten|You are one of us, one of those who knows without knowing, and one who will live and die in dreams that blend with this world. No, I am no gypsy, just one who has read a good many books. It is only through reading those great jewels of wisdom that one may see a story in a glint of sunlight, an epic unfold within one’s eyes. There are books all around us. Yet it takes reading a good many books by we mortals to be able to see them.
Eden Ashe, Ever Mine|She shifted in his pocket, pressing her back against his chest. "It's iron."Instead of walking into the elevator, he glanced down at her. If he kept craning his neck this way, he was going to have a hell of a nasty headache by the time he made it home. Not to mention the looks he was getting from his taff for talking to himself, he was going to end up in a psych hold if this kept up.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|Fire looked into his quiet eyes, touched his dear familiar face and considered the question.
Eden Ashe, Ever Mine|A low, purring rumble reverberated in his chest, his voice tight when he spoke. "Ah, hell, You're naked.
Taylor Ann Bunker, Witch in the Woods|Dear, he do have a problem.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|For a moment, it was almost as if they were friends again.
Eden Ashe, Ever Mine|Sex is still on the table. We just keep the yucky love stuff out of it."..."Now where is this table you speak of to have sex on? You should take me there. Now.
Eden Ashe, Ever Mine|The woman had a body wet dreams were made of, and he couldn't remember being this goddamn hard in his life.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|The UFOs were nothing more than the collective fantasies of a stressed out society... The world into which UFOs had appeared was one of under-the-desk siren drills against nuclear annihilation. Society had made a new myth, a communal idea of something outside a species apparently intent on dooming itself.
Eden Ashe, Ever Mine|Katenia, are you drunk?""No, it's my breasts. I've yet to adjust to my new size.
Eden Ashe, Ever Mine|It was time to confront the old bat with the damage she'd caused this time. Then, he promised himself, he'd strangle her for meddling in affairs that were none of her business, and kidnapping a goddamn innocent fairy.
Alexia Purdy, Disarming|IT IS SAID that time is unrelated to everything else. It goes on and on, unnoticing of our actions, our falls, our triumphs. Who’s to care then, if time does not remember us? It flies by, fleeting, inattentive and disinterested in any occupants of this earth. What are we, then, if time thinks so little of everyone it passes? Time is truly apathetic to the many to whom a little empathy would mean so much.~April~ Disarming Reign of Blood
Scott Buckel|Even though I was fairly certain God wasn't Ted Bundy, I kept an open mind, since this phone call was getting a bit confusing.
K.M. Randall|I find that writing is as magical as the genre I write in. When the story comes alive and takes over, it's truly a journey to another world.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|Maybe [aliens] have been in our lives a lot longer than we want to admit. People have always seen strange things—elves and fairies—and now we don't. Now we see them, right?
Eliza Crewe, Cracked|Death is my art form--when I fight, I'm a ballerina. Graceful. Chi lacks my grace, but makes up for it in energy and enthusiasm. His fighting style is like breakdancing--strong and frenetic with some really sweet moves. Jo's is . . .the Macarena. Ugly but gets the job done.
Helene Wecker, The Golem and the Jinni|On a cloudless night, inky dark, with only a rind of a moon above, the Golem and the Jinni went walking together along the Prince Street rooftops.
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|You are my reality, fantasy, daydream, fairytale, music, more than the princess in Cinderella; you are much more than a traditional myth.
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|If I cannot fix your broken heart can I put mine in its place, because these stars are not enough, and all the money in the world does not equal your worth.
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|Romance her, enhance her, desire her, put her first.
J.D. Stroube, Soul Awakened|The age of lost innocence varies for each person. Some lose it when they learn that their childhood fantasies are merely myth, while others lose theirs due to trauma. As adults, we often look down our noses at those who manage to retain their innocence; we scoff at these few as being immature or irresponsible. Could it be that we hide our envy behind the cloudy eyes of our lost innocence?
Anna Sands, Falling For Therapy: Psychotherapy From A Client's Point Of View|There is a difference between what I actually want and what I want to have fantasies about. (...) There is a part of my imagination which is a playground, a playground in which I am queen. It fulfils my need to have a fantasy land, and that need may be born of creativity as well as lack or repression. Our fantasies are about exploration and experimentation and the power of the imagination. Looked at intelligently, they can reveal a great deal. But there is a difference between fantasising and thinking about our hopes for the future.
Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight|A geas was a contract with the goddess of Fate. Sometimes one was born indentured, other times it was bestowed upon one as a curse. Because if one did not fulfill the terms of one's geas, one died. It was old magic, the magic of the gods, spoken in the tongues of those who controlled the dragons—and it was supposed to be extinct.
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|Joys circular fulfillment was so persistent, when I was weak it gave me strength.
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|Reminiscent of a diamond, she is gifted, privileged, and positioned to glisten.
Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight|He kissed her, and the magic that had been building up steadily around them exploded, raining down in arcs of silver fire that made her half-remember a prophecy from her d
Patrick W. Carr, A Draw of Kings|A picture of the world, nothing more than a casting stone set in the heavens, intruded on Errol's dismay. World without end. Was Illustra, their entire world, nothing more than a lot for the ultimate reader, too small and insignificant a thing to care about?
Thomas McClellan, Orrleth|There was still a bit of sunshine in the sky, not that it mattered. High treetops and reaching branches entombed us from above in a dark coffin. It was still in the afternoon. We had time to gather things together for camp, but the choked rays that permeated the living casket were sputtering their last bits of life. — Tyrus Savage narration from ORRLETH, Volume One of the Orrleth Young Adult Fantasy Paranormal Series
Joe DeRouen, Threads|She stared at her face in the mirror, feeling everything around her slipping away. The face stared back, and she wondered who was looking at her.
Monet Polny The Lincoln Spy|Good to see you too, Otto." -Sydney Rose
Piroska Rodriguez|I know have lived, so many times, that the only thing I have left to remember is my writing, cause every single moment in life it's already written.
Joe DeRouen, Small Things|Finally, mercifully, the spasms subsided, as the old man’s head lolled back, his mouth hanging open, taking in deep, ragged breaths of stale, recirculated air.
Joe DeRouen, Threads|She stared at the phone, feeling guilty. She finally slid across the overstuffed Pleather couch and away from watching old episodes of The Twilight Zone. She was free tonight, apparently, so she might as well pay Ben a visit. She picked up the phone and dialed his cell.
Joe DeRouen, Small Things|Fred Ruskin barreled through the rain down Buchanan Street in his battered Pacer, the jar his dead wife had directed him to retrieve from his nephew’s coffin bouncing in the seat beside him.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|There is a difference between WISHING for a thing and being READY to receive it. No one is ready for a thing, until he believes he can acquire it. The state of mind must be BELIEF, not mere hope or wish. Open-mindedness is essential for belief.
Kellie Elmore|If we change our thoughts from 'it's too late' to, 'there's still hope', we might see some change in the world.
Confucius|The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
Subodh Gupta, Stress Management a Holistic Approach|If you are feeling unhappy in life for any reason and often getting negative results, try this -> start replacing negative thoughts with the positive one, make a plan and act on them. The more positive thoughts you have the more positive and happy your will become and results are bound to be positive sooner or later.-Subodh Gupta author "Stress Management a Holistic approach - 5 steps plan
Guy Kawasaki, Enchantment: The Art of Changing Hearts, Minds, and Actions|While we're living, we need to get over ourselves and accept others if we want to enchant people.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|I'd rather identify with a past of infinite growth, than a past which hinders it.
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|No one can take, nor steal what they did not give. They don't have power that role like that!
Matshona Dhliwayo|To realize your greatest strengths, you must first overcome your greatest weaknesses.
Neha Katyal, The Writer's Bloom|Sometimes we so unnecessarily believe that the thing we can see is best for us. But, it is only because we are not willing to see beyond it.When a diver gets into sea, he deserves the pearl, not the pebbles. If he satiates himself with the pebbles, due to fear of drowning, someone else will take the pearl.You have gotten into this life. Do not get disheartened with the pebbles, you deserve the pearl.
Rajasaraswathii, A Diary to win|World is not complex, Intricacy is not in the situations. Intricacy is in our minds.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Darkness is an uncomfortable place, but that is where stars are made.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You must walk on water, especially if you don’t know how to swim.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sky belongs to eagles, even during storms.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A stone, no matter how small, resists the wind.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Luck appears when you are working towards it, not looking for it.
Evy Michaels|BREAK THE RULESThey say you never get the second chance to make the first impression......I say you can make a second impression that will earn you that second chance.They say you are not capable....I say you can learn the capabilities to do the impossible.They say you are not worth it.....I say you are what they are worth and much more.They say you are just a dreamer.....I say dreams are the beginning of reality.They say stick to the status quo, that you can't break it......I say bend it!They say you are different.......I say different is the new cool and normal the new boring.They say a bad excuse is better than none.....I say try an apology, it actually works.They say blood is thicker than water....I say love is thicker than blood.They say boys will always be boys....I say they will have to become men at some point.They say you are a failure........I say failure is the beginning of successThey say do as I say, not as I do.....I say they should try silence, so that we don't have to watch what they do.They say think outside the box.....I say throw away the box and just think
Rajasaraswathii, A Diary to win|If you are capable,then you should not be inactive.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You don't scale a mountain with your mouth, but with your feet.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As rain does not bother the ocean, nor heat bother the sun, so adversity does not bother the great.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Have the mind of a swam, the heart of a lion, the tongue of a serpent, the flair of a swam, and the soul of a dove.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|If you haven’t thought about quitting even once when working on your business, that business is not your real passion.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Excellence annoys your haters, success infuriates them, and genius kills them.
Peter Ojo Opatewa|The more permanent the outcome of a decision seems, the more thorough and painstaking our decision process should be.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is lightning that strikes, not thunder.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|The sooner we accept the situation, the sooner we can work on course-correction.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A star never loses its shine, not even in the dark.
Jiten Bhatt|If you have an idea, execute it today itself,Else you may wake up tomorrow and find that someone else has already executed the idea,After all you not alone who is thinking.
Donald Pillai|Each of us will be remembered, either by those close to us or by those who have benefited from the greater good which we have done.
Jiten Bhatt|There will be a billion people out there, who will say you can't do it,Just make sure that you are not in that billion people.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower, no matter how beautiful, still has to grow in dirt.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If roses did not suffer thorns on their journey to beauty, they would lose out on becoming masterpieces.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have a spark of genius, kindle it until it becomes a flame.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is the strongest, not the prettiest birds that conquer the sky.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is not your enemies that you need to conquer on the journey to greatness, but yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Stars shine on us, but talent shines in us.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Invest in your dreams, not in your fears.
Harrish Sairaman|When a lion kills a deer it does not build negative KARMA, its meant that way!!!!
Harrish Sairaman|People say keep your emotions outside, how the hell is that possible!!!!
Avijeet Das|Never stop and never sit!Work hard and stay fit!Success will come one day,To those who dream and never quit!
Rasheed Ogunlaru|There's a difference between disclosing that which is only your business and hiding away from the world and not seeing, shining and sharing your magic.
Matshona Dhliwayo|First, fear will mock you, then fear will taunt you, then fear will oppose you, and if you ignore it, only then will it flee from you.
Anita Papas, The Positive You!|Even when we seek advice from others, deep inside we wish the advice given to us is the one we are secretly already wishing for in our hearts.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you sing to one person as if you’re singing to a million, you will soon have an audience of a million.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Dream up, and you will go up; dream down, and you will go down.
Matshona Dhliwayo|They fired arrows at me, but I did not fire back. I picked them up instead to build my castle.
Bobby Hoffman, Hack Your Motivation: Over 50 Science-Based Strategies to Improve Performance|Overachievers look forward to the finish line, underachievers look back to see who they are beating.
ANIKOR Daniel|Intimacy with God resolves in reproduction; when you are intimate with God, visions are birthed, dreams are born, revelations are given, prayers are answered.
G.K. Dutta|I appreciate the apology, but understand that you've done something very bad, you used me for a long and broken me and my trust very badly that I cannot so easily forgive. Maybe this will sort itself out in the future, but at the moment, I'd prefer it if you give me some reason to forgive you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A bird does not fly because of the wind around it, but because of the strength within it.
Daniel Kormendy|Its easy to be a show off, but it is hard to know how to show it off.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A bird is born knowing how to fly, but has to learn to conquer the skies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The universe believes in you, but it is more important that you believe in yourself.
Karen  Gibbs|When you walk with God, you will never be lost
Ajay Kumar|We never fight for the leader, We fight for the leader's cause.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from seeds to rise, no matter how much dirt is thrown at you.
Thabiso Monkoe, The Azanian|To succeed in your mission, you must aim at your goal with dedication and devotion
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|Setting the remains of a freshly erupted volcano, I walk.
Harsh Malik|seek a way or MAKE one.Seek Success, not Popularity. It lasts longer.Short cuts to success are none. Efforts only can achieve success.Some call it Obsession I call it Dedication.starting point of all achievement is desire.Staying positive will win you Victory, positively.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the sky was the limit, stars would not light our way to the edge of the universe.
Candace Bushnell, One Fifth Avenue|As long as one refuses to know one's place, there's no telling what one can do in the world.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|You can lock a lion up in a room, if you want to, but you'll still hear it growling and clawing to get out.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Our spirit knows our purpose, let these en-grained impressions shape our perceptions of who we think we are today.
Eraldo Banovac|Solving a complicated problem can be frustrating. You can have good problem solving skills, but sometimes a problem seems like it has no solution. Nevertheless, never give up.
selvia trimawarni|do for yourself, for no one else will
selvia trimawarni|action always prove, why words mean nothing
Jeff Goins, It's not too late|Discomfort is the sign, you are on right track.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sometimes, how others look at it must not be how you should see it! Sometimes, how it means to others must not be how it should mean to you! Sometimes in life, things must have a different meaning to you, but positively; then you may be able to understand people and the mission, and accomplish the vision, with a good sense humor, seriousness and understanding, insight and wit, tenacity and distinctiveness, to the very end of your true strength!
Matshona Dhliwayo|The calmest part of the storm is not in its eye, but in your own soul.
Germany Kent|The truth no matter how hard it is to bear, must be accepted and confronted head on because it is real. Businesses and people who accept truth soar.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Is your life story the truth? Yes, the chronological events are true. Is it the whole truth? No, you see and judge it through your conditioned eyes and mind - not of all involved - nor do you see the entire overview. Is it nothing but the truth? No, you select, share, delete, distort, subtract, assume and add what you want, need and choose to.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Don't spend your life believing a story about yourself that you didn't write that's been fed to you - that simply you've accepted, embedded and added to. Let the story go and there beneath is the real you...and your unique gifts, heart and path that await you.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Though not everything is so easy in doing, ponder before you say something is far difficult to do! When you think of the difficulty in getting it done, think and think again; you may have spent the same time you should have used for the utmost preparations that could have made the difficulty you look at but cannot see the panacea on something else, or you are not finding the necessary time, wit, courage, tenacity and the will power to release your whole and true self to master the very act and art of making difficult things easier!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Wall your life, guard your heart and mind your mind! A life without a wall least blocks something! A mind without a wall accepts anything at all!
Eraldo Banovac|Good managers don't set a goal to increase efficiency, but rather an implementation of business process improvements that result in higher efficiency as well.
Mark W. Boyer|Just because you may be a Genious, does not mean you are Smart.
Yolanda G. Guerra|Say not the days are evil.Who’s to blame? And fold the hands and say,oh, shame!Stand up! Speak out, and bravely,in God’s name, be strong!
-Lekshmi SP|Never step back because you feel you cant,Give it the try hence emotions get tamed!break the comfort zone and be the unbreakable zone.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There are so many people who though can fight life and win greatly, yet they have imprisoned their own true strength and they just beg at the feet of defeat and miserable life, knowingly or unknowingly, at the expense of their true purpose! Awake whilst you have life and do something noble with all our might now!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When your strength goes down, remember God is up to uplift you!
Tare Munzara|If you want to be a millionaire, you must have a million dollar vision and must plan to generate the millions. This year you might not reach the million dollar mark, but perhaps next year you can if only you plan for it..What i am saying to you is , sit down and plan on how you can become a millionaire, and give your self timelines without a rush... You can become a million dollar person if in the beginning you you condition your self as a million dollar individual...
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our daily habits – honorable and dishonorable, noble and ignoble, vital and vile – are revelatory. Our sense of self is fashioned partially by what we employ to crank us up in order to charge through every day, or stated otherwise, what vices we partake of and what substances we are addicted to using.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|If GOD can raise a dead man, then He can raise a living man's dead anything.
Ankit Goel|The way you eat defines how you look to yourself, but the way you speak defines how you look to others.
Donald Pillai|Everything in the universe begins with and revolves around two things: words and thoughts. These two elements form the creative substance that molds and shapes the destiny of all humanity. Each of us becomes the person we are, chooses the direction we take, and accomplishes everything we do based on these two primary elements. Opportunities don’t happen, we create them. Being motivated, having the right thoughts, and saying the right words costs us nothing, but can get us everything we ever need.
Ankit Goel|Every second you think meaningless, makes your minutes less productive and take you hours behind
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The whole journey of life has been broken down into bits: days! Day by day we live life! Day by day we live and leave something behind; something good or something bad! Something mediocre or something noble! Until you know how to use your day, you may end your days and ponder over your days; how you used them and how you wasted them!
N.K.David|It is impossible for those that tried and kept trying to fail. How can they fail when they have not given up in the task?" N.K.David
Matshona Dhliwayo|To avoid enemies, say nothing; to avoid critics, do nothing; to avoid haters, be nothing; but to avoid mediocrity, ignore them all.
Ekari Mtewa|Money on its own is nothing but peace of paper, and a million kwacha's today maybe worth only two bags of Irish potatoes in 10 years time due to inflation. Don't keep your millions at the bank and boost that your rich, those are just papers, put them on the investments that covers for inflation as well.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Growth is there for everybody, but it is not everybody who ‘grows’! So many people grow to stop growing, but aging never stops for mankind until we come to the ebb of our days! Grow in something as you grow and leave something unique!
Matshona Dhliwayo|The strong overcome their opponents, the mighty crush them, the shrewd outwit them, the cowardly hide from them, but the enlightened transcend them.
Val Uchendu|When you mess up-fix it, when you fail-fall forward and learn, when you suffer loss-heal and always pay it forward
Matshona Dhliwayo|If adventurers were cowardly, no one would have crossed the nations; if sailors were fearful, no one would have crossed the oceans; if pilots were gutless, no one would have crossed the skies.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|when all this started, I asked myself, 'Am I going to withdraw from the world, like most people do, or am I going to live?'I decided I'm going to live---or at least try to live---the way I want, with dignity, with courage, with humor, with composure.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don’t ever sleep forever and don’t forever be at rest and leave the rest whilst you live though the journey of life can sometimes be so arduous! If you can’t run, crawl! If you do not want to crawl, walk! If you think walking will waste your time, gallop and if galloping is below your strength and true standard, dare to speed unrelentingly and dare to overcome all challenges! You shall always sleep or slumber only to wake up one day and realize the wide distance between you and they that crawled each second of time to the final destination of purposeful life and living unceasingly! Wake up each day and do something in the day!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Courage lightens distress, hope alleviates grief, doubt aggravates affliction, fear worsens anguish, worry magnifies misery, and faith overthrows despair.
Genereux Philip|Cut anyone and everyone out of your life that makes you feel small, hurt, humiliated, stupid, worthless, etc. do it swiftly and violently and without remorse.
Genereux Philip|If you can’t build with them, don’t chill with them
Genereux Philip|Surround yourself with people that want more out of life. That won’t settle for average. People that you can connect with on a deeper level. Keep your circle fresh. Keep your circle full of quality rather than quantity. Full of cool ass humans that you can be yourself around. People that fill you up with nothing but love. People that want to see you succeed. People that GET IT. Good circle, good life!
Val Uchendu|If you don't know the effect of words, you are behind times.If you want positivity, speak positively  If you don't know the effect of thoughts, you are behind times.If you want positivity, think positivelyIf you don't know the effect of meditation, you are behind times. If you desire something,listen to your God.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you have life, smile and pursue life! Don’t keep your smile; keep smiling! We only need just one great thing in life, and that is life! All else are mere wants to gratify and beautify life. The real beauty of life is in having life and knowing what real life is all about!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Each day that comes is not a privilege to think about wrong people and things in a negative way and disturb not just your mind, but your heart as well! Each day is however, a great privilege to be thankful to God and mind the business of your life; how to summon all challenges, limit your mistakes and improve your wit and wisdom, and how to move your footsteps to live noble and indelible footprints!
Richard Morin, You Working with You: A Roadmap to Self Mastery|LeadershipLeadership has a lot more to it than simply telling people what to do, keeping track of efforts, penalizing those who are late or who disrupt, and hiring / firing.Great leaders are also great workers with a level of competence and confidence learned on the job that others accept and are willing to follow.These leaders are good at working with themselves, they have developed discipline, an ability to delay gratification, curiosity as to why people think or do things the way they do, and are open minded and accepting of change.Just look at any sports team, military unit or successful company and you will read or hear about all the leaders that make up the company. Most frequently these leaders are not the ones with a title, but the ones who make the place run through their efforts, focus, determination and ability to overcome obstacles.It is from these ranks that titles are granted and rewards given. These people have proven that they can lead by example, are able to shoulder the load and have what it takes to lead others, helping them grow just as they were helped on their way. My book entitled YOU Working With YOU is all about you, helping you to become the leader that you are capable of becoming. Just showing up to work might keep you employed, stepping up and leading by example is what others will notice and align with.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Each day that comes is not a privilege to think about wrong people and things in a negative way and disturb not just your mind, but your heart as well! Each day is however, a great privilege to be thankful to God and mind the business of your life; how to summon all challenges, limit your mistakes and improve your staying power, and how to move your footsteps to live noble and indelible footprints!
Val Uchendu|If you seek success, serve others. If you seek immortality give. Serve or give your time, skills, talent or gift. In the end, what you leave behind are trails of the lives you changed and the hearts you touched.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Things go wrong for a purpose. Just know the purpose, and just understand how to distinctively use the purpose for a great purpose!
Adhish Mazumder, Solemn Tales of Human Hearts|Culture is an identity and identity is a weapon which can work its way around strong foundations decaying them from the inside with the help of wrecking beliefs known as superstitions. However, every culture must have a superstition without which its uniqueness is lost.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|In leadership, life and all things it’s far wiser to judge people by their deeds than their speech - their track record rather than their talk” – Rasheed Ogunlaru
Val Uchendu|If you’re to choose to paint your life today... What will it be? Remember, you’re the artist, not the canvas.
Val Uchendu|As I watched the sun began its daily routine, casting golden hue and illuminating cities, I wondered, “what an exemplary way to start my daily routine?
Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams|Be "that person" with grit. Remain dedicated, determined and strong in the face of adversity!
Val Uchendu|When you apply that gift you possess that comes so easily to you and can be used anywhere, anytime to help someone else; maybe your family, your community, your city, state, country or the world in general... that is your PURPOSE.
Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams|Stay strong, be a warrior and keep moving forward under any and all conditions.
Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams|You were a warrior, you are a warrior, you will always be a warrior!
Val Uchendu|Great moments are full of naked vulnerability, words merely reflect a primal or instinctual footprints that leaves trails of dust for those brave enough to follow
Val Uchendu|Your purpose naturally is as unclear as your divine nature. To discover your purpose, you must reintroduce yourself to your divine nature. When you do, you'll begin to hear silent whispers directing you to your purpose.
Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams|Life with through punches at you and sometimes knock you down. Learn to take the hit ,but more importantly learn to get back up and keep punching every single day!
Jerry Gladstone|No shortcuts, no letups, no compromise, keep moving forward under any and all conditions!
Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams|We all have set-backs, use yours as fuel to burn your desire and dedication.
Khuliso Mamathoni|Men who demand submission and obedience through fear and force do not represent the kingdom of God. They are rather representatives of the kingdom of darkness. Marriages led by men who use force and fear do not thrive and flourish as they should. Instead, these marriages become places of bondage and oppression, and they are reminiscent of hell, the dwelling place of devil.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Be the one to stand out in the crowd,Be the one to go where they’d rather not.Beautiful things don’t beg for a chance to glowThey throw out their lights and just shine out loud!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from stars; when dark times try to dull your sparkle, shine.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To be a champion, compete; to be a great champion, compete with the best; but to be the greatest champion, compete with yourself.
Henry Ford, The Edison & Ford Quote Book Edison Estate Ltd Edition|Whether you believe you can or you believe you can't, you are correct.
Gregg Korrol, The Gifted Storyteller: The Power Is in the Story You Tell|Life doesn't happen to you, it happens FROM you.
Cat Ellington|You've got one life to live, and you must live it for you! Do what makes you happy, and do it to the best of your ability. Embrace those who truly love you, and renounce the ones who don't. Love and be loved. Do the things that bring you elation and enjoy them! Shun all negativity and embrace the positive. Do away with all fear, and allow love to envelop you. Be happy. Be free. Be at peace. And be yourself. Eat, drink, be merry ... and make life a stone groove.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Only having valued a thing, can you truly be thankful. You can not be sincerely thankful for what you have not valued.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|People always start with vigor, deep aspirations and inspirations, but things that happen as we journey and our reactions towards such things, fantasies and realities, determine the real robustness of our staying power and what distinctive thing we are able to do in reality with our vigor, aspirations and inspirations in the end!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Preparation is good for success and it is a noble thing to prepare excellently for success, but in reality, our choices, actions and reactions toward things we meet as we journey toward success are the real and true ingredients that determine how unsuccessful or successful we become and the kind of footprints we shall leave in the end!
Isa Morgül|I cannot wish you ...I cannot wish you good fortuneknowing that good fortune is what you are, while bad fortune is just a mistaken identityI cannot wish you all the things of earthsince earth itself is yours and that is sufficient, while all the rest will never be enoughI cannot wish you the things you want to see when much unseen is also here waiting for your denial of mind that refuses to see I cannot wish you strength or courage to conquer the troubles and tribulations of lifebecause you alone are the master of limits and imaginary linesI cannot wish you an easy and safe path in all your venturessafe and easy paths are unworthy of the worthyI cannot wish you any kind of freedom you may seeklife is the proof of freedom ; seeking is your prison ; expectations are your guardsI cannot wish you any kind of happinessheart is too blind to be content in the certainty of reality, excellence and immortality of things I cannot wish you good health the voice within asking ever provoking questions is your health ; fear that silences you is your illnessI cannot wish you anythingas long as life is about being instead of havingMaybe holiday season is just not about wishes and celebration at allmaybe, just maybe, it is just a reminder about the power of state of mindWhat else than state of mind can make things look beautiful when in fact they are uglywhat else than state of mind can make things look ugly when in fact they are beautifulLet the New Year be the year in which we choose to be the masters of the mind and not its slave.
Toffee, Finding Juliet|Life has to be lived fully, experiencing pleasure until you find happiness. It's tricky, but in many cases, it’s only after men experience the pleasures of lust at its fullest that they begin to appreciate love at its best.
MP Mapida|Whether you are 16 or 60, it is never too late to make your life better.
Euginia Herlihy|To expect the other people to spoon-feed you shows the lack of hunger, thirst or drive to push forward the things you desire to accomplish.
Jerald Simon, Perceptions, Parables, and Pointers|Immerse yourself in good books. Read one to two hours per week if you can, more if time permits. Become acquainted with the literary classics. Read as much as you can on personal improvement (self help), history, people, business, and finances. Study the great works of the philosophers. Study scriptures and read about religions and anything that adds value to religious beliefs. Invest in yourself! Learn as much as you can and become a student of life. You can learn a great deal from the experiences of others, from their great successes and also from their failures. Everything you read becomes part of you. Carefully choose what you read on a daily basis. Be very careful with what you choose to read. The words you choose to read play an important role in your personal development and overall outlook on life. Be open-minded about what you read and often take what you read with a grain of salt. Much of what we read is written through colored lenses and is the summation of someone else’s thought, habit, education, beliefs, and past and present life experiences.
Jerald Simon, Perceptions, Parables, and Pointers|Don’t tell me you’re not good at something. People will always be better and worse than you at everything you do. Tell me whether or not you are making progress. If you are progressing, are you measuring your progress? If you are not progressing, why not? Get to know your strengths and your weaknesses. Develop your own personal progress plan and determine how you could improve and progress from where you are. You most likely don’t know how far you have come and how much you truly have accomplished. Improve and progress!
Jerald Simon, Perceptions, Parables, and Pointers|Be proactive. Passivity is a poison. Avoid it like the plague. Actively participate in life. You are not a bystander standing on the sidelines of life. Get in the game and go for the goal. Choose what you will do with your life. Choose what you will do with your time. What will you do? What will you watch, read, accomplish, and become? Accomplishment is a result of action. Act the part. Don’t pretend or put on a façade. Don’t wait. Don’t pause. Don’t hesitate. Go. Be. Do. Accomplish. Get it done. ACT. ACT NOW!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|There is greatness in you, dare to do something! There is an opposition you face, dare to overcome every obstacle! No one has ever blaze a trail without overcoming challenges. No one has ever been a champion without a competition. No matter how your present sees you, how you see your present is what matters. The matter doesn’t matter; how you see the matter is what matters!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Never underestimate a warrior; the lion in him may be sleeping, but that does not mean he’s dead.
Rajasaraswathii, I Want to be a Millionaire|As the state of mind, as the efficiency. Time is only a relative factor
Coleen Innis|In life you have friends and enemies, both can motivate you to be better.
Coleen Innis|Moving on sometimes is the best way to take all the bricks that life throws at you, and building a castle to chillax
Harshit Vaishnav|If you want to do itDo it by all means,And if you left this incompleteThen it should be not even start.!!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The world as an arena contains different tomorrows. When you see a different today, you shall think of a different yesterday and there shall come yet another and a different tomorrow! Day by day, night by night, we meet another tomorrow with different perspectives. If the good tomorrow you thought of becomes a bad today, don’t worry at all and pray, another tomorrow is coming for today to be yesterday! Don’t ever let desperation take the seat of inspiration within you! Keep Smiling, no matter what; for though all things go wrong, something is right somewhere! Just ponder, smile, be happy, shake of the dust and arise for another tomorrow is coming!
Deepak Gupta, Inspiring Life: Motivational Quotes That Can Change Your Life|Nothing In This World Is Age Restricted, You Can Think Like A Senior Head On Young Shoulders.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Practice makes better and prayer makes perfect. The more we do, the easier it gets, and all the while praying perfects us in the art.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Unlike the world that points out your flaws to ridicule you, when GOD point out your flaws, it's because He want to walk you out of it.
Dawn M. Harvey, Embrace Your Greatness Curriculum|Words rarely answer what the heart suffers, but there is a God who does.
Abhijit Naskar|No Bible, Quran or Veda can give you religion.
Todd Stocker|If at first you don't succeed, tweak it before you toss it.
Lucas J. Robak|Anything I can do, you can do better.
Lucas J. Robak|There are no unresourceful people, only those who choose not to care about the results.
T.N. Suarez, The Limbo Tree|Sadly, we can’t live forever. But we can write something that will.
Bruce Mbanzabugabo|Do not despise the water droplets that you receive, soon it will be a river.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|It's okay to be happy with yourself for all that you are and aren't. It's okay to accept that life will not always be a "win-win". Its okay to fall and pick yourself back up. It's okay to be different and not be accepted by the crowd. Its okay to be on that journey of little beginnings. Your happiness should never be overburdened or compromised by none of your life choices. It's okay to just be happy
Matshona Dhliwayo|In the presence of the sun nobody sees the stars; excel, and you too will eclipse your competition.
Neetu Sugandh|There are some who are born with talents and there are some who develop them in the form of skills. I am a part of the latter." - Neetu Sugandh!
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a Scientist Who Found Himself by Getting Lost|Awaken your mind from the deep sleep of ancient mysticism and make it self-conscious - power will come, glory will come, goodness will come and everything that is excellent will come.
Tare Munzara|Those that dream, those that have been dreaming, one day you shall ascend to your place of destiny.Possibilities are limitless even if you face harsh and gloomy moments. Uplift your spirit , hope and works to greater heights and you shall sit on top of unknown heights looking down at the bottom. Do not deprive your self to succeed.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A lion will never be afraid of sheep, no matter how many outnumber it.
Luis Almonte|Surround yourself with people that love you and accept you exactly for who and what you are. The only explanation you owe is the one you give to yourself, for not living your authentic life with the love and purpose you were meant to live.
Riki Jou|Every girl's beauty, whether it's inside or outside is a masterpiece.
Iva Ursano, The Shear Truth: 10 Things Your Hairstylist Really Wants You to Know.|People who want to sit around, star gaze and talk about their dreams are my favourite kind of people.
Iva Ursano, The Shear Truth: 10 Things Your Hairstylist Really Wants You to Know.|...but I am only one, and if I can make a difference, so can you...
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is a bird’s imagination, not its wings, that determines how high it can fly.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|I was looking down the road of "life gone by" and I realized this road of life is not as long as it looks. Travel with caution and maximize every mile. It can be a beautiful journey.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|I was sitting, starring into the sky with a tear in my eye thinking: what a beautiful world that the MAKER has allowed us to enjoy for a moment - not to destroy - to enjoy. So let us remove the strife, seize the moments we are blessed with and love this life.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Sin, in its simplest definition, is the misuse or abuse of anything GOD created.
Iva Ursano, The Shear Truth: 10 Things Your Hairstylist Really Wants You to Know.|To everybody who didn't believe in me, thank you. Because of you, I had to find my own way, and I did.
Iva Ursano, The Shear Truth: 10 Things Your Hairstylist Really Wants You to Know.|I AM strong today because weak didn't suit me. I AM beautiful inside today because being ugly was horrible. I AM kind, generous and loving today because I've been poor, broken and unloved. I AM who I am today because of my yesterdays and I don't regret one single day.
Jonathan Page Acabo|You won't know what "success" means if you don't appreciate what "hardwork" is.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|If you change the atmosphere, You can change the outcome!
S.B. Sebrick|Part-time effort, won't yield full-time results
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Our distracted digital world is here to stay, so the question is more of how we can truly embrace the beauty that is the stillness and the silence.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|The power to shape your destiny lies in your strength to take control of your thoughts, abilities and actions.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Thorns do not keep a rose from blooming, neither should obstacles keep you from success.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a lion turned every time small dogs barked at it, it would be the laughing stock of the jungle.
Ujjwal Chugh, How to Crack the SSB - Services Selection Board|Live life like a Legend, and society will start acknowledging you as a great Entrepreneur !
Ujjwal Chugh, How to Crack the SSB - Services Selection Board|Almighty has choose me as an agent for doing something great for the mankind and society, and that is why I believe that whatever happens is always for the good because it not me who is doing everything, it is the super #energy that is governing my energy...
Matshona Dhliwayo|If God wanted the sky to be empty, He would not have given birds wings to fly.
Joanne Van Leerdam|As writers, we should remind ourselves, and each other, that Jane Austen and JK Rowling got rejected by publishers, too.
Joanne Van Leerdam|Doing anything worthwhile will present challenges, but everyone who achieves their goal is an ordinary person who becomes extraordinary.
Harrish Sairaman|Knowledge is not Power, its is potential power!
Harrish Sairaman|If you have to slog your ass everyday to achieve your goals, you are not doing something RIGHT!!!
Harrish Sairaman|IF you want to learn, there is enough to learn till the last breath!!
Harrish Sairaman|FEAR is always about the FUTURE, felt in the PRESENT based on the PAST!
Harrish Sairaman|Assumptions can be dangerous, JUST ASK!!
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Clear out the past, layout the present and prepare for a much better and brighter future.
Harrish Sairaman|AT any given time we are either taking Ownership or Blaming, Ownership is a better choice!!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your talent is a seed; cultivate it, and in no time, you will harvest success.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Be yourself! Don’t be somebody! Be humble to authority, but be assertive! Mind your solemn duty and responsibility to the Supreme God, for you shall give account to Him in the end! You were created uniquely, mind your mind! Mind the things that can change your mindset, and mind people! People are always alert to do all things possible to change your mind set. They wish you become the reason for their joy even if it causes you an inner pain! They wish you halt a purposeful journey. They wish you look and see, hear and listen, think and act, as they do! Their joy is to see you being like them, and their sorrow and envy is to see you living your true you! Be yourself! If only you living your true you please God, no problem exists! Just be yourself and mind your mind!
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Sometimes a step back or away from an idea, task or project brings even more perspective, insight and clarity.
Saurabh Gupta Earth5R|The only way to achieve greatness is by unleashing the power of mind, and the only way to unleash the power of mind is by questioning what seems to be unquestionable!
Saurabh Gupta Earth5R|The only way to know the answer is by asking questions. Religion tries to suppress the questions asking (curiosity) because it can threaten its own existence. The truth is out there, go ask for it!
Salman Mansuri|Try something new out of your comfort zone. If you lose you will get an experienced, and If you win you will get an achievement.
Matshona Dhliwayo|On the path to greatness, life teaches you to walk with stones in your shoes.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the light within you is greater than the darkness around you, you are a star.
Harrish Sairaman|We just move from one addiction to the other, choose your addiction!
Harrish Sairaman|If you open your eyes in the morning, it is just another day of opportunity to improve your Life!
Harrish Sairaman|Others behavior towards us is a reflection of our own behavior, it’s a MIRROR.
Harrish Sairaman|If your eyes and mind can SEE IT, the body does not require external motivation to get motivated.
Harrish Sairaman|Perceptions may not be true, but its true for YOU!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Shine your light so bright, and no one will need a telescope to see you.
Md. Nazrul Islam|If you value your time, You'll get some reasons to smile in return.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Rainbows are birthed in storms, not in sunshine.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A bird in a nest is secure, but that is not why God gave it wings.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You are alone because you were born alone. And though you were born alone, you found a reason and the strength to shake yourself, though as helpless as you were at birth, for the whole universe to hear and know that you have not just arrived, but you are healthy, and you commended and moved things and people around you with your cry, even as an infant! And though it all seems you are alone, note that once you can breathe, you are never alone! Smile, for there is an indomitable power within you, given to you by God! Realize your God, realize your power! Awake and realize your true strength and the strong power within you! Face life and do not just challenge the challenges in life but conquer them with all boldness and fortitude. Step by step, complete the steps! It is always not all that easy, but, be strong and beat life no matter what!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Strive through your adversities with a tenacious mindset and a sincere heart and there shall surely be a great end when you get to the end unrelentingly. You shall surely leave a noble mark when you endure to the end and you shall surely smile in the end and ponder over how the journey to the end was. Note; there is no sweet fruit that is not the product of the dirty soil. No matter what, keep moving on!
Matshona Dhliwayo|A lion will only retreat if you stare it in the eyes; likewise, so will fear.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Count your smiles, not your frowns.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You are alone because you were born alone. And though you were born alone, you found a reason and the strength to shake yourself, though as helpless as you were at birth, for the whole universe to hear and know that you have not just arrived, but you are healthy, and you commanded and moved things and people around you with your cry, even as an infant! And though it all seems you are alone, note that once you can breathe, you are never alone! Smile, for there is an indomitable power within you, given to you by God! Realize your God, realize your power! Awake and realize your true strength and the strong power within you! Face life and do not just challenge the challenges in life but conquer them with all boldness and fortitude. Step by step, complete the steps! It is always not all that easy, but, be strong and beat life no matter what!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When our expectations differ from better, we think bitter, but that is not better! Stay better, think positive, no matter what; there is always a better lesson to learn!
Todd Stocker|When you join teams that changes lives, yours will be the first.
Abhishek  Kumar, The Richest Engineer|If you want to learn to do something right, watch someone who has done it successfully.
Abhishek  Kumar, The Richest Engineer|Getting rich takes focus, courage, knowledge, expertise, 100% of your effort, a never give-up attitude and a deep desire & commitment.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A star that is determined to shine cannot be hidden, not even by darkness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are going through hell, keep walking until you reach heaven.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When excellence becomes a habit, success becomes a lifestyle.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|Winners never quit, and quitters never win. Once you give up, you'll have to start all over again. Success take time, especially when you need it. The one is patient remains undefeated.
Adedayo Olabamiji|Find the alignment between your gifts, skills, experiences and people’s needs. Therein is your secret to tap into the unknown
Matshona Dhliwayo|Reach for the stars, not your fears.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower can only grow through concrete if it believes in itself, not its obstacles.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If an ant carries an object a hundred times its weight, you can carry burdens many times your size.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|Whenever you feel like giving up, think about why you started in the first place. If that still matters, so does the need to keep going.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Don't get too lost in consumerism or materialism. As for ownership, the ultimate test of it is were you born with it and can you take it with you when you leave?
Sharfaraz Ahmed|Worrying will not solve your problem, working will.
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Tides of Destiny|Most people never think beyond their birth. But if I had contented myself with everyone else's opinions of me, I wouldn't be the man I am today. People like us make our own destinies, Gwenwhyfar—and to the waves with the naysayers who oppose us.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|If you run into a brick wall, don't become discouraged. A brick wall is only held together by cement, but you are held together by God. The right tool and the use of force can tear down its wall, while you are still standing.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|Don't be afraid to take risks, for you take them every day without realizing it. I'd rather fail at trying something new or different than to lose just for not trying at all.
Aiden Hall|Motivational quotes and speeches are not about becoming an astronaut, brain surgeon, 1st place athlete or making a certain amount of money. It's about excitement, excitement from realising the absurdity of existence and appreciating that you're part of it. And then inspiring others to follow, until we've all found that appreciation and the inner peace that comes with it.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|Just because things are not going the way as they should, doesn't mean they are going wrong, sometimes things are setting up in a new way & taking us towards better things. So never give up..!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Because failure works double time, to get success, work triple time.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above.’James 1:17If your vision in life is to become as rich as possible, hoard every penny you make, and indulge your every whim - your vision is not from God. But if your vision is to succeed, use your success to bless others, and fulfil the purposes of God in the earth, your vision is from God.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Seeing how frustrated the world is today, I have no doubt that we are just one step near to God. Because we are already at the point of "we can't win this battle without him
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You must love. When you love, you have self control. When you have self control, you have freedom. Freedom leads to intimacy sharing. Remember you are responsible for your own choice, decision and limit.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Inspirational Quotes Of The Day, Inspirational Quotes About Life, Inspirational Quotes For Work, Inspirational Quotes For Difficult Time, Life Quotes Inspirational Quotes, Quotes Of The Day Motivational, Best Motivational Quotes, Motivational Quotes, best inspirational quotes, life quotes, quotes about life, inspirational life quotes, inspirational quotes about life, quotes on life
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|On your way to the promised land are many jebutites, liarlites, thievites, betrayalites, backbiterlites, envylites, jealousites, parasites, unbelieverlites, doubterlites but only determination will take you there.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The Bible talks about three different kinds of peace. Let’s look at them: 1) Peace with others. ‘As far as it depends on you, live at peace with everyone’ (Romans 12:18 NIV 2011 Edition). This is external peace, and it’s necessary for human relationships to flourish. 2) Peace with yourself. ‘Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts’ (Colossians 3:15 NIV 2011 Edition). This is internal peace, a rest of mind and soul that escapes most of us. 3) Peace with God. ‘Therefore, since we have been justified through faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ’ (Romans 5:1 NIV 2011 Edition). This is eternal peace, and it comes from knowing you’ve a right relationship with God. So here’s how it works: when you’re at peace with God you’ll be at peace with yourself, and when you’re at peace with yourself you’ll be at peace with others. That, in a nutshell, is The Process of Peace
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Men....do you have a plan for your business? Tell your wife, be honest. If you lock her out of your plan, she will become malfunction.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Ladies ....a man does not want peace at home; he needs it. Home is supposed to be a refuge for a man; a hiding place, a cave to hide in, a place he can be away from the world that worked hard on him. You need to go home and study your home and see if it is a place someone can come into. How does it look physically? How does it look psychologically? How does it look emotionally? Study your home. Is it a place a man would love to stay and hide from the world?
Nurudeen Ushawu|I don't have wings, but I believe I can fly and touch the sky.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Most people's car last longer than their marriage. WHY? For instance in Germany, the government made it as a law that before you are qualified to drive a car, you will go to a driving school, learn the theory and practical before getting a license to drive. Same is applicable to your car, it must go to service and maintenance every two years if it is a new one to check if the car is still road worthy. If your car is above five years old then it must go to service every year. So this makes the car last longer. For you to get a driving licence in germany it takes months but for you to take a marriage certificate in Germany it doesn't take two hours. Once you go on the vail, they give you licence which means that they are more concerned about your car on their street than they are about your life in their communities.A lot of people doesn't go to any driving lessons on marriages. So they end up knowing how to drive a car but not learning how to live with someone.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|In a marriage, it is not about how who made the money, it is about how it is distributed.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|A challenge only makes you stronger, wiser and a better person than you was yesterday.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Ladies, a man doesn't want respect, he needs it. A man does not need love. There is no where it is written that a man needs love. They simply needs respect. A man interprets respect as love.When a woman tells a man that she loves him, it doesn't mean anything to him, but when a man knows you respects him, that means a whole lot to him.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Choosing a life partner for marriage should not be taken without a careful and prayerful consideration, if you want to be and remain happy in it.. You can't just jump into it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|There is nowhere in the scripture that God commanded "Thou shall be married." You don't have to be married to be happy. You don't have to be married in order to be complete. God didn't create you half, He made you whole, you can only make a good home only when you are complete than when you are half. Stop praying for your second half, pray for wholeness.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|God can do all this but one thing He cannot do is choosing your mate,, because He is too smart to choose your mate for you. God knows that if He choose your mate and it didn't work out, you will blame him so He gives you the complete responsibility to choose your mate. That is why the Bible says "he who finds a wife finds a good thing and obtaineth favour from God." You have to find your mate by yourself. It is also not the responsibility of your parents. But God does help you that's why he gave you a brain with five million cells. He gives you tge holy spirit to guide you, He gave you his words to regulate your decisions, He gave you your Pastors to give you the counsels, He gave you parents, He gave you sense and He gave you his own anointing to discern spirits.You meet a terrible marriage once you ignore any of these equipment before marriage.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I have all gifts on earth minus one....Patience to do what the devil wants me to do. My bible taught me a lot about taking some things in my life by force. People do tell me sometimes take it easy, God didn´t tell me to take things easy, He says take Charge. Some people do tell me to be careful! But my bible didn´t tell me to be careful but it says I should be careful for nothing. Some people tell me to take time but my bibles says take charge. Some people says be patient but my bible says whatever your hands finds to do, do it quickly.So don´t only memorise your weakness, try to saturate your strength with the power of God, always have an alternative for any negative suggestion.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Before you try to be like anyone else, find out if you are your true self, because if you try to be like anyone else including me, that means you do not know who you are. Selah! The day yourself will rise, the people that you want to be like will not be there.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|God didn´t bless me so I can backslide, He didn´t give me a status so that I can become a statue.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The strength of your growth depends on your leader. If the person you are taking counsel from is weaker than you, you are on your way down.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|On your way to the promised land are many circumstances, only determination will take you there.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If your situation is too tough, don´t go back, go forward. You die quicker when you go backward. Die later when you go forward.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Have you ever asked yourself, why is it that the bible is real when other people ask you to open it? It is not the money in your bank account that kept you alive but the word of God. There is power in the word of God. Don´t just carry your bible, do something with it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|It is easy to show sinners how they sinned but God is not looking for sin pointers, He is looking for sin forgivers. Behold the lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If you want to be inspired, don´t look for who has expired. Look for someone to lift up your vision, look for someone who can make the baby in you live not someone who can cause you abortion or miscarriage. Look for whose vision can challenge your vision. Look for whose story is a true story not a fiction.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If God ask you to do the impossible, do not look for who have never done it, look for the God of impossibilty. Any man that wants to defeat setbacks, must constantly look at his success.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I don´t care what name you called me before, give me a new name. My old name is not important but my new name is very important. Did they call you Barren? your new name is pregnant.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Someone asked me why does bad thing happen to good people?My answer: because when bad thing happens to bad nobody sees it. When something bad happens to a bad man there is no difference but when it happens to a good person people will know. Satan doesn´t advertise good things because that is not his job. His job is to steal, kill and destroy. The devil doesn´t talk good of good people but good people should always talk of something that is good.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Lord, I know that where I am right now, isn’t where You’re taking me. Give me glimpses of Your vision for my future, so that my understanding may grow in accordance with Your timing. Give me patience along the way and faith to trust that You’re always working for my good. Amen.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Has God Given You a Vision?‘Write the vision and make it plain … that he may run who reads it.’Habakkuk 2:2When God gives you a vision for your life, write it down, keep it before you at all times and run with it. You say, ‘But I see no way for it to come to pass.’ The Bible says, ‘The vision is yet for an appointed time … wait for it; because it will surely come’ (Habakuk 2 v. 3 NKJV). You may not know how to get from where you are right now to where the vision will ultimately take you - but God does. So ask Him to reveal the next step to you. Whether you’re in prison like Joseph, in a soup kitchen in the inner city, or at home taking care of small children, God will fulfil the vision He placed in your heart. The more you see yourself leading in the boardroom, launching your own business, serving in ministry, writing your first book, or helping others through your gifts, the sooner it’ll become a reality.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Many of the people God used in Scripture looked like losers before they looked like winners. After the disciples fished all night and caught nothing, Jesus told them, ‘…Do not be afraid. From now on you will catch men’ (Luke 5:10 NKJV). They did, and they ended up: a) building a church that’s still thriving two thousand years later; b) writing history’s greatest books; c) having our sons named after them. Does that mean you can just dream a dream and God will fulfil it? No. Paul says, ‘…You are not your own; you were bought at a price. Therefore honour God…’ (1 Corinthians 6:19-20 NIV).
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|This verse just came to my mind yesterday while sitting in the train...‘Pursue … overtake … and … recover all.’1 Samuel 30:8When King David and his men returned home from battle, they discovered that the Amalekites had burned their homes to the ground and taken their families prisoner. They were devastated. They wept until they’d no tears left. Then God spoke to them and said, ‘Pursue … overtake … and … recover all.’ And with His help they did! So no matter how bad your situation looks right now, don’t give up. Cry if you have to, then dry your tears and go out in God’s strength and take back what the Enemy has stolen from you. If necessary, take it an inch at a time, drawing on His strength and not your own. Paul writes: ‘Let us not lose heart and grow weary and faint in acting nobly and doing right, for in due time and at the appointed season we shall reap, if we do not loosen and relax our courage and faint’ (Galatians 6:9 AMP Classic Edition). God won’t quit on you, so don’t quit on Him! He has promised in His Word: ‘When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and when you pass through the rivers, they will not sweep over you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be burned; the flames will not set you ablaze. For I am the LORD your God’ (Isaiah 43:2-3 NIV 2011 Edition). Don’t give up - go through! It’s easy to quit, but it takes faith to go through. When your faith honours God, He honours your faith! And with Him on your side you’ll come out stronger than you were when you went in. So the word for you today is: ‘Pursue … overtake … and … recover all.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|My dear friend, a good attitude will determine your altitude. When you look at your life, career, job or family life, what do you say? Do you praise God? Do you blame the devil? A good attitude towards God makes Him move on your behalf. Just sit down and say, Today God, it is well with my soul, I am thankful I had a peaceful sleep, I am thankful I am alive with possibilities, I am thankful I have a roof over me, I am thankful I have a job, I am thankful that I have Family and Friends. Above all, I am thankful that I have the Lord Jesus Christ on my side. Be blessed and don't be envious or shocked when others are prospering because you don't know what they have been through to get there (test, trials and tribulation) so thank God for what you have. "Little is much when God is in it. It Is Well With My Soul! Touch someone’s life with this message. If God be for us,who can be against us?
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You cannot use food to settle your emotional problem, you cannot use the food and make a deal with your emotion, sometimes you need to set your plates backward to settle your emotional issues. Don’t let the devil fool you with the thinking that drinking excessive alcohol or eating without control will change your situation or anything that is going on around you, it can only complicate your issue by destroying your own body.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Brothers the bible never says that you should live with your mother, it says leave your mother and father and unite with your wife.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Only Agape love makes permanent relationship possible. Without agape every other relationship will be temporary. You cannot experience God's promise of marriage which is permanent; until death do us part without God's material which is agape love, everything else will fail you.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The less you know, the less your children can learn from you, the more you know, the more they can also learn from you..
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Stop shouting praise the Lord when you can't handle your life, you can't represent God when you are messing up his reputation.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Many marriages would have succeeded today but many of the individuals didn't have the equipment; the knowledge to use to fix the situation. No marriage is irreparable but most most people are just too tired to fix it. This why it is important for you to get understanding.In all your getting don't get love....get understanding first. Understand what it means to be a woman. Understand what it means to be with a woman. You need to understand the complexancy in a woman and the uniqueness in a man. Understand communication skills, understand how to manage emotions and how to handle anger, you have to understand the dynamics of disagreement , you have to understand how to handle unfaithfulness; broken trust, if you do not understand all these things, you will always be stocked in life.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Successful marriage hinges on the application of knowledge - knowing and understanding God's principles not the exchange of love.. Brother you can be in love all you want but that doesn't make the woman the right person. Same with ladues, you can be head over heels with him but that doesn't make him the right husband.In all your getting, get knowledge and understanding.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Love is not the foundation for marriage, people normally get married to someone they think, they are in love with. Can I say to you that love does not make marriage work, don't be fooled by that funny feeling, don't get married because you love someone. I love aircraft but I can't fly them, I failed two times my pilot license, I love cars but I failed two times in the driving school made it on the third time. I love diving but not yet ready to go to diving school.You can love something and still don't know how to do it. So love is not the problem but the knowledge.I still maintain love doesn't make marriage work but knowledge and understanding. . Acquire enough knowledge before going into it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|How do you handle, your time and God's time? Does it mean that God can tell lies or that He doesn't know what He is telling you? Can God deceive a man? My answer to you is NO!But what happens if your time and His time doesn't agree?My bible says in Galatians 6:9 do not be weary in doing good; for in due season you shall reap, if you faint not.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Before God can lift you up, He will first knock you down. Go through it, I have been there many times. The most interesting part is when you look back and see how far He has brought you, you can't afford not to get up and keep on moving.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If you permit God to test you at the beginning, you will stand every trial for a long time. Don't plan to drive a Mercedes jeep as a boy and ride a bicycle in your adult age. Every trial given to you while you are young is made to prepare you for your old, age so that you can proclaim; I was young and now I am old, I have never seen the righteousness forsaken nor their children begging for bread.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|No matter how holy you are, holiness does not take satan to hell, it just makes you a better person. Holiness makes you an instrument in the hand of God but your righteousness does not kill the devil.
Shah Asad Rizvi|One step, two steps, three steps; like winds of time experience joy of centuries, when movements become revelations of the dance of destinies.
Genereux Philip|EVERYONE IS A KING OR QUEEN, YOU DONT NEED A CROWN TO SHOW IT.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wolves travel in packs, but the fiercest travel alone.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Persevere like a seed; even when people try to bury you, flourish.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Live for your dreams, not your memories.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a flower can flourish in the desert, you can flourish anywhere.
La Tisha Honor, Teen Roach|The word try, means nothing. There's no such thing as trying to do something. The moment you begin a task, you're doing it. So just finish what you're doing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Against all odds, a seed rises from darkness and beautifies the universe.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be flexible like trees; when the wind blows bend, but do not break.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a flower perseveres through concrete, you can persevere through anything.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If an eagle is teaching you to fly, ignore the advice of turkeys.
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|The purpose of life is to live for others. The moment you start living for yourself, you die before you time.
Harsh Malik|Age never matters when there is a will to learn more will to learn better.!!Always remember, every success story begins with a START.!!Anyone can desire but there are few who DESERVE.!!Anyone can desire, be the one who DESERVE.!!
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you water your dreams with excellence, success will grow.
Lokesh Tiwari|Beware of expectations, It really hurts.
Justin Bienvenue, Opium Warfare|Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
Vanda Ileidy borges almeida|Never forget: loving, respecting; tolerances in your fellow-creature is a the lonely way of living free en gracefully and beautifully , and forever, never stop dreaming ,believing ,hoping and smiling and your be the most free in this slave world
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|Bill Gates wasn't born rich but he wasn't poor either even before he discovered Microsoft, he was just waiting for a connecting flight to the boulevards of greatness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be like stars; instead of cursing the darkness, shine.
Margaret Aranda|The structure of a 'writing schedule' is only there as a frame. You provide the image, the emotion, and the sentiment in your own time.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Don’t do things to point out your weaknesses, do things to point out your strength.
Harsh Malik|Students should be told, how to think, not what to think.
Jude Okwuzulike|Whatever you cannot commonize, you cannot conquer, commonize it to conquer it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is never a static journey. Life goes on! Life is about step taking. For everything I need to know about life, I need to take a step
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the grass is greener on the other side, start watering your own.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When the drum beat comes to an end, you shall not hear the drum beat again, but you shall remember how it sounded, and you shall understand clearly how you should or should not have danced to the drum beat
Chinonye J. Chidolue|When insecurity starts to rub off on you, you begin to lose a sense of belonging.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If records refuse to be broken, shatter them.
Sanjeev Himachali|Never ever wish to be SUCCESSFUL like SOMEONE else. You don’t know their STORY. You are aware of their STRUGGLE. Behind that make-up, people hide their SCARS and injuries. Behind those expensive sunglasses, they hide their TEARS. And behind that positive outlook and attitude, they hide their FEARS. Be yourself. Write your own story.
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|When you see honey in the bush and there are no sign of bees, flee!! for its all but a trap
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Mistakes are your milestones, don't let them Stop you! Step up with them.
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|Your mindset determines your reality. Think positive, Act positive and Live positive.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Your day was never bad. If you think you had a bad day, check your mindset!
Chidi Prosper Agbugba|when potential greatness meets with actual greatness, the future is inspired with hope.
Mohammed Sekouty|No need for miracles to do the impossible if we have beliefs,will and insistence
Mohammed Sekouty|People without a will are afraid of failure,and failure is afraid of people with a will
Tanya R. Liverman, In The Mirror: A Woman's Saga|When we can overcome our own personal battles, we can live confidently in situations we would have otherwise been too weak to handle.
Tanya R. Liverman|When a cycle in your life repeats, you should troubleshot where the glitch is. Find the glitch and you will find your purposed journey.
Mohammed Sekouty|Only winners have fans, No one care about losers
Vivian Amis, The Lotus - Realization of Oneness|Love is the only power that heals, connects and includes all.....not by force, but by grace.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|come on, you shouldn't continue to disturb your mind with everything. Avoid thinking about anything at all, leave something, keep something and think about something!
lauren klarfeld|If you cannot afford yourself any luxuries for the time being, at least offer yourself the one priceless luxury no one can take away from you – your time
Shah Asad Rizvi|Life is an affair of mystery; shared with companions of music, dance and poetry.
Adhish Mazumder|A man in his early prime contemplates on life, shattered by the distortions of society he gazes ahead in time. There were vows of happiness and fairy tale beginnings. Now there is nothing of that sort; now there is nothing that started the tales so bright. It's after all this while that he understands why fairy tales begin with 'once upon a time'...
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Challenges will come, but success is proof of challenges conquered and difficulties overcome.
Amit Kalantri|Don't wait, just sweat.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Believe in yourself, not in your critics.
lauren klarfeld|As any distance we take from things give us an outside perspective, so does taking a geographical distance—offering us a new vantage point over our lives.
Amit Kalantri|Fifty year old wealthy man resents twenty five year old middle class man, without recalling that 25 years back even he was a poor man.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The real value of money is never the value of money but the value money can acquire. The real value of our lives is not just the value of our lives but, the distinctive value our lives can build in the end!
El Ca'Sophia M|The more we dig this world, the more prisoners we become
London Rae, The Cheating Wives Club: A thief in the night|Being in the shadows is no way to live, but sometimes its' the only way to find out who you are.
Matshona Dhliwayo|God gave you the sea, but you still have to fish for yourself.
Nelson Nshekanabo|If you are doing something good, never do it free
Matshona Dhliwayo|Believe in yourself, for the universe believes in you.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|a paradox; the best opportunities we want are the best opportunities we miss; the best opportunities we wanted, are the best opportunities we missed and the best opportunities we seek for stay far away from us. In the end, we only settle for any opportunity. Life!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if you think you know all that somebody knows, you shall least know all that somebody knows. If you think you least know all that somebody knows, you shall really know all that somebody knows.
Alvin Conway, Sapientia: The 40 Principles of Wisdom|If nothing in life challenges us, we will remain unchallenged by life.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We yearn for opportunities, we pray for opportunities and we seek for opportunities. The good news is that we meet opportunities. The bad news is that we miss the opportunities only to come to a later realization of missed opportunities.
Tisha Marie Payton, MHR, Live Self-Sufficiently: The 12 Step Living Guide|When you are in harmony with love and positivity, everything you want will be pushed in your direction and given to you.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Dance as the narration of a magical story; that recites on lips, illuminates imaginations and embraces the most sacred depths of souls.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Dance to inspire, dance to freedom, life is about experiences so dance and let yourself become free.
Shah Asad Rizvi|If you opened the dictionary and searched for the meaning of a Goddess, you would find the reflection of a dancing lady.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Transcend the terrestrial; surpass the celestial, from nature’s hands when you receive the sublime pleasures of dance.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you listen to critics for too long, you will become deaf to success.
Colin Powell|Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if you cannot find the distinctive opportunities you want, you can create the distinctive opportunities you want but you can't find!
Shah Asad Rizvi|Audience of angels descend in the ambiance reciting praises in your glory, when you wear your dance shoes, when you arrive at the stage and with every step you take beneath your feet heaven moves. That is the power of dance.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Doesn’t matter if you can dream it or not, all that matters is if you can begin it or not? Take that first step.
Keysha Jade, Intoxicated stained tears|You could spend a lifetime waiting for someone to love the real you but if you don't know who you really are, you are wasting your time.
Mohith Agadi|If someone is Jealous of you, That's a good sign! Keep up the good work.
Saidi Mdala, Know What Matters|The worst thing that can happen to you as a young person, is to refuse to grow up. You refuse to grow up when you believe that someone else must take responsibility for your life and life circumstances.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|One sock can't house two feet. If it does, it’s of no use.
Mohith Agadi|When you need motivation, look no where! Just say "YES, I CAN DO IT
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Opportunities do not come in fancy wrappers; only toffees do which give just temporary contentment. Toil to unwrap the real one, covered in hardships.
Keysha Jade, Intoxicated stained tears|You cannot water your own plant if you are waiting on other people's approval to do so. Stop living your one and only life waiting for validation, start seeking your own inner voice to guide you.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Five Ups of life: Buckle up, Start up, Keep it up, Don’t give up, Cheer up.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Irony, we want our handwriting to look like typed fonts, and our computer fonts to look like handwritten text.
Nolan R. Baum, Dream Big Live Bigger: How to Change Your Life into a Success Story|I'd say that people give up because they don't know the possibilities that are out there for them, nor do they realize their potential.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|If someone breaks up, it's an opportunity to revamp yourself; this time better and stronger than before.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Learn to uncrumple yourself, for life and people are always gung ho to crush you.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Better an if then, than an oops.
Shah Asad Rizvi|O wayfarer! Yearn finds quench, not in meadows, seashores or altitude of mountain peaks; but when being and dance are one.
Shah Asad Rizvi|O wayfarer! Yearn finds quench, not in meadows, seashores or altitude of mountain peaks; but when being becomes dance.
Shah Asad Rizvi|If spirit is the seed, dance is the water of its evolution.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|The best way to look back at life fondly is to meet it - and those along your journey - warmly, kindly and mindfully
Shah Asad Rizvi|When a dancer performs, melody transforms into a carriage, expressions turn into fuel and spirit experiences a journey to a world where passion attains fulfillment.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Limit not to only five, when the divine gifts the supreme sixth; the sense of dance
Matshona Dhliwayo|You become what you think, not what others think of you.
Nina Obran, 7 Daily Habits for Singles Not to Be Single Anymore|If it feels nice, just throw the dice.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If you do not grasp, intellectually or spiritually, the 'One' in All, you would've lived and died as your former self - ape, et all.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Do it or not, but do.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Mindful Being|We have an amazing potential to reach our highest potential, to have truly inspiring careers and loving relationships.Unfortunately, often we walk through our lives asleep, we let our habits rule us, and find it difficult to change our beliefs.
Brittany Burgunder, Safety in Numbers: From 56 to 221 Pounds, My Battle with Eating Disorders|The only way to move forward is to focus on the good in your life and the good that you are doing for others and yourself. My past has shown me things in life, others and myself that I wouldn't wish upon anyone, but I can choose to pick up the pieces and build a beautiful life for myself and help others to do the same.
Mrinalini Mitra|I dream of being there,Where the skies lie below,Clouds flow like the endless river,Where all the divinity is before me, with me,And in the shadows yet above all,Above all who choose to hide,I run along the stars,Wake up the ever-glowing sky,And sleep to the sound of the universes beating heart...
Keysha Jade, Intoxicated stained tears|Master the art of learning when it is time for you to let go of dead situations. Letting go doesn't always mean the end, sometimes it is the start of something beautiful.
J.L.  Hunt|Sometimes, the answer is right outside your door...so open it & see things in a new light
Libiyanto Dwi Cahya|Quotes is just quotes, cannot change your world if you not do think in that quotes, so just go and do anything...
Matshona Dhliwayo|The higher you rise, the smaller your enemies.
Keysha Jade, Intoxicated stained tears|Your time, energy and words.Three things you can never get back once they've been exchanged. Choose wisely.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|If you rely on others to accomplish something in life, you’ll end up accomplishing nothing.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Always try to fix what is broken so that when the blessings come, you will be able to receive it. This generation does a lot of right things for wrong reasons.
Ankita Singhal|Let me nurture my wings, for I was born to fly.
Nick Macri|The Key To Success is finding a way to win, no matter what happens
Nick Macri|Successful people (or soon-to-be success people) never quit, never settle and are never satisfied
J.R. Ward|Listen to me ... and I want you to remember this. Your legs are part of you, but not all of you or what you are. So wherever we go after tonight, I need you to know that you are no less for the injury. Even if you are in a chair, you still stand as tall as you ever did. Height is just a vertical number - it doesn't mean shit when it comes to your character or the kind of life you live.
Karon Waddell|Blaming others for your mistakes, makes you powerless to change your life. Taking responsibility for your mistakes, gives you the power to change your life
Eileen Anglin|Find the time everyday, to express what is in your heart. Life affirming choices that lift you up. Everyday,allow your your soul to express its joy at the gift of life. Create, laugh, dance, play, spend time in nature, connect with the Divine, whatever it is, take even a small amount of time to do the things your soul longs to do.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Critics are loud, but success is louder.
Michael J. Schiemer|You don't want to just get by, you want to get ahead. You don't want to settle for mediocrity, you want to strive for greatness. You don't want to get lost in the crowd, you want to stand out and lead the charge. Pushing the limits of your potential isn't easy, but it will be worth it.
Karon Waddell|The goal in life is not to try and live forever, but to create something that will forever live in people’s hearts.
Jelani Daniel|Loyalty is a very heavy weight, not everyone is able to carry it.Forward March Life Quotes
Kevin Focke|When you aim for the stars even if you fail you’ll be a falling star, and that’s wish-fulfilling material.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|If you keep taking an approach that continues to lead you over and over again to the same result, you just have to take a total new different approach to get to your desired result”.
