Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|I was no longer troubled when he pulled out a machete in a crowded bar, tried to pick up schoolgirls, or threatened to scalp us, then rip off our heads and scoop out our brains.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|In the world of the Machiguenga, sadness could be equated with anger, and anger was a perilous emotion, by which a foreigner could lose his life.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|Not that there seems to be any appropriate place to bury someone, but these municipal cemeteries, or any cemetery at all for that matter, like the ones by the highway, or the ones in the middle of town, with all these bodies with their corresponding rocks - oh it's just too primitive and vulgar, isn't it? The hole, and the box, and the rock on the grass? And we glamorize this process, feel it fitting and dramatic, austerely beautiful, standing there by the hole as we lower the box. It's incredible. Barbaric and base.
Seth Grahame-Smith|Let us pray now for the future dead. Though we do not yet know their names, we know that there shall be far too many of them.
Kyung-Sook Shin|But, Aunt... I don't want to go to the grave site set aside for me a few years ago at the ancestral grave site. I don't want to go there. When I lived here and woke up from the fog in my head, I would walk by myself to the grave site set aside for me, so that I could feel comfortable if I lived there after death. It was sunny, and I liked the pine tree that stood bent but tall, but remaining a member of this family even in death would be too much and too hard. To try to change my mind, I would sing and pull weeds, sitting there until the sun set, but nothing made me feel comfortable there. I lived with this family for over fifty years; please let me go now.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|I looked at him on the bed. He coughed once and a trail of brownish dead blood came out of his mouth and ran down the side of his chin. Then he stopped breathing. And I thought, I'll make sure I never end up here, either.
Dean Briggs, The Most Important Little Boy In The World - A Novel -|I don't want to die, but I don't want to be the only one to live, either. When I was sitting alone last night, I kind of figured maybe that's how Jesus felt.
C.S. Harris, When Gods Die|She had been born with a different name, to a woman with laughing eyes and warmly whispered words of love who’d died degraded and afraid on a misty Irish morning.
Seth Grahame-Smith|I have read of the great wars of ages past, and men slaughtered by the tens of thousands. And we give but fleeting consideration to their deaths, for it is our nature to banish such thoughts.
Hansjörg Schertenleib, A Happy Man|Shriveled apple cores stood side by side on the window sill, a long row of them with their seed chambers bitten open and the pointed sees scattered on the floor. The brown, discolored remnants of their flesh bore the imprint of his grandfather's teeth. That was the image This was left with, the one that ever since was the first to recur when he thought of his dead grandfather: shriveled apple cores on the sill of a window that looked out onto an overgrown garden.
Wendy Wunder|you can pass a football,you can gas,but you yourself cannot just pass~cam after lilly's mother informs her that lilly has passed
John le Carré, Our Game|A dead man is the worst enemy alive, I thought. You can't alter his power over you. You can't alter what you love or owe. And it's too late to ask him for his absolution. He has beaten you all ways.
Cemal Süreya, Sevda Sözleri|Ölüyorum tanrımBu da oldu işte.Her ölüm erken ölümdürBiliyorum tanrım.Ama, ayrıca, aldığın şu hayatFena değildir...Üstü kalsın...
Jonathan Safran Foer|I kept thinking how they were all names of dead people, and how names are basically the only thing dead people keep.
H. Rider Haggard, She|That which is alive hath known death, and that which is dead can never die, for in the Circle of the Spirit life is naught and death is naught. Yea, all things live forever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|A sea of red lights, and I slow down. My job now is to gather everyone together and tell them we have to let her go. I won't tell anyone over the phone, because I didn't like hearing the news from the doctor that way. I have maybe a week to handle the arrangements, as the doctor said, but the arrangements are overwhelming. How do I learn how to run a family? How do I say goodbye to someone I love so much that I've forgotten just how much I love her?
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|Nothing was working, and my friend was dead, and I didn't want to look at that.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|Before me floats an image, man or shade,Shade more than man, more image than a shade;For Hades' bobbin bound in mummy-clothMay unwind the winding path;A mouth that has no moisture and no breathBreathless mouths may summon;("Byzantium")
Ellis Peters, Dead Man's Ransom|A man must be prepared to face life, as well as death, there's no escape from either.
Rachel Klein, The Moth Diaries|Why should I be sad? Everyone has to die. If you have a body, it's too late to cry. It's only funerals I can't stand.
Tahir Shah, Sorcerer's Apprentice|Enlightenment, and the death which comes before it, is the primary business of Varanasi.
Gabrielle Zevin, All These Things I've Done|All of these teeth had once been in real, live people. They had talked and smiled and eaten and sang and cursed and prayed. They had brushed and flossed and died. In English class, we read poems about death, but here, right in front of me was a poem about death too.
Toby Forward, Dragonborn|Flaxfield died on a Friday which was a shame, because he always ate a trout for dinner on Friday, and it was his favourite.
Kimberly Willis Holt, When Zachary Beaver Came to Town|It seems like our town has closed down these days leading up to the funeral. Old people still sit on their porches and talk, but their conversations aren't sprinkled with laughter anymore. Since the new, little kids haven't played outside, as if their moms are afraid someone might snatch them out of their yards and send them off to war.
Kris D'Agostino, The Sleepy Hollow Family Almanac|I have a theory that as human beings get older, chemicals are released into the brain to prepare us for the end. Sort of like how the nurse lubes your ass up before the anus-cam. It makes the whole thing a lot easier to swallow. Easier, not enjoyable.
Charles Sheffield|Sometimes I think about dying. And then I wonder about going to hell. And then I think that if and when I go there, the place will be completely organized and run by lost souls, with a council and a works committee and an ethics panel, and I'll feel right at home.
Saki, The Complete Saki|I think she might at least have waited till the funeral was over,' said Amanda in a scandalized voice.'It's her own funeral, you know,' said Sir Lulworth; 'it's a nice point in etiquette how far one ought to show respect to one's own mortal remains.' ("Laura")
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|If she was going to die, Marla didn't want to know about it.
Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist|As Master Nathaniel jogged leisurely along his thoughts turned to the Farmer Gibberty, who many a time must have jogged along this path, in just such a way, and seen and heard the very same things that he was seeing and hearing now.Yes, the Farmer Gibberty had once been a real living man, like himself. And so had millions of others, whose names he had never heard. And one day he himself would be a prisoner, confined between the walls of other people's memory. And then he would cease even to be that, and become nothing but a few words cut in stone. What would these words be, he wondered.
Kouhei Kadono, Boogiepop at Dawn|There's a bug inside you. Growing in you, eating everything you've forced yourself to forget, everything you don't want to think about. Your bug will decide your fate one day. And... chances are, you will die because of it.
Kimberly Willis Holt, When Zachary Beaver Came to Town|The Mozart sonata Dad picked out begins to play. When we hear the first note, we open the sacks and the ladybugs escape through the opening, taking flight. It's as if someone has dumped rubies from heaven. Soon they will land on the plants in search of bollworm eggs. But right now they are magic-red ribbons flying over our heads, weaving against the pink sky, dancing up there with Mozart.
Ambrose Bierce, Ghost Stories|The exhilaration of battle was agreeable to him, but the sight of the dead, with their clay faces, blank eyes, and stiff bodies, which, when not unnaturally shrunken, were unnaturally swollen, had always intolerably affected him. He felt toward them a kind of reasonless antipathy which was something more than the physical and spiritual repugnance common to us all. Doubtless this feeling was due to his unusually acute sensibilities - his keen sense of the beautiful, which these hideous things outraged. Whatever may have been the cause, he could not look upon a dead body without a loathing which had in it an element of reselltment. What others have respected as the dignity of death had to him no existence - was altogether unthinkable. Death was a thing to be hated. It was not picturesque, it had no tender and solemn side - a dismal thing, hideous in all its manifestations and suggestions. Lieutenant Byring was a braver man than anybody knew, for nobody knew his horror of that which he was ever ready to encounter. ("A Tough Tussle")
Krisi Keley, Pro Luce Habere Volumes 1 and 2 Combined Edition|You are unwilling to pay that price, even knowing that the consolation prize is not only to learn every philosophy that has ever existed, but ones which have not yet been conceived? Even knowing that if you do not accept, you will soon cease to learn anything at all?"Raimund tilted his head, still staring into my eyes, and I knew he must see the tears filling them, though I held them back from falling."My friend," he whispered, "do you really believe your own words, I wonder? Your pain makes me think you know that death is not the end of learning, but only the beginning.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|The human mind is so limited it can only build an arbitrary heaven — and usually the physical comforts they endow it with are naively the kind that can be perceived as we humans perceive — nothing more. No: perhaps I will awake to find myself burning in hell. I think not. I think I will be snuffed out. Black is sleep; black is a fainting spell; and black is death, with no light, no waking.
Gwendolyn Brooks, Maud Martha|She was afraid to suggest to him that to most people, nothing "happens." That most people merely live from day to day until they die. That, after he had been dead a year, doubtless fewer than five people would think of him oftener than once a year. That there might even come a year when no one on earth would think of him at all.
John le Carré, The Spy Who Came In from the Cold|It is said that men condemned to death are subject to sudden moments of elation; as if, like moths in the fire, their destruction were coincidental with attainment.
John Green|He'd fought hard, Lida told me, as if there was another way to fight.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Every evening, I died, and every evening, I was born.
Thomas Bernhard, The Loser|Those who live in the country get idiotic in time, without noticing it, for a while they think it's original and good for their health, but life in the country is not original at all, for anyone who wasn't born in and for the country it shows a lack of taste and is only harmful to their health. The people who go walking in the country walk right into their own funeral in the country and at the very least they lead a grotesque existence which leads them first into idiocy, then into an absurd death.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|And I can promise you something, because it was a thing I saw many years later - a vision in the book thief herself - that as she knelt next to Hans Hubermann, she watched him stand and play the accordion. He stood and strapped it on in the alps of broken houses and played the accordion with kindness silver eyes and even a cigarette slouched on his lips. The bellows breathed and the tall man played for Liesel Meminger one last time as the sky was slowly taken away from her.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|No longer mourn for me when I am deadThan you shall hear the surly sullen bellGive warning to the world that I am fledFrom this vile world, with vilest worms to dwell;Nay, if you read this line, remember notThe hand that writ it; for I love you so,That I in your sweet thoughts would be forgot,If thinking on me then would make you woe.
David Gemmell, Dark Moon|Life is a struggle, from the agonies of birth to the railing against death. Devour or be devoured. The law of the wild.
David Eagleman, Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives|Death... The moment, sometime in the future, when your name is spoken for the last time.
Pedro Antonio de Alarcón, Ghostly By Gaslight|The moon fled eastward like a frightened dove, while the stars changed their places in the heavens, like a disbanding army.'Where are we?' asked Gil Gil.'In France,' responded the Angel of Death. 'We have now traversed a large portion of the two bellicose nations which waged so sanguinary a war with each other at the beginning of the present century. We have seen the theater of the War of Succession. Conquered and conquerors both lie sleeping at this instant. My apprentice, Sleep, rules over the heroes who did not perish then, in battle, or afterward of sickness or of old age. I do not understand why it is that below on earth all men are not friends? The identity of your misfortunes and your weaknesses, the need you have of each other, the shortness of your life, the spectacle of the grandeur of other worlds, and the comparison between them and your littleness, all this should combine to unite you in brotherhood, like the passengers of a vessel threatened with shipwreck. There, there is neither love, nor hate, nor ambition, no one is debtor or creditor, no one is great or little, no one is handsome or ugly, no one is happy or unfortunate. The same danger surrounds all and my presence makes all equal. Well, then, what is the earth, seen from this height, but a ship which is foundering, a city delivered up to an epidemic or a conflagration?''What are those ignes fatui which I can see shining in certain places on the terrestrial globe, ever since the moon veiled her light?' asked the young man.'They are cemeteries. We are now above Paris. Side by side with every city, every town, every village of the living there is always a city, a town, or a village of the dead, as the shadow is always beside the body. Geography, then, is of two kinds, although mortals only speak of the kind which is agreeable to them. A map of all the cemeteries which there are on the earth would be sufficient indication of the political geography of your world. You would miscalculate, however, in regard to the population; the dead cities are much more densely populated than the living; in the latter there are hardly three generations at one time, while, in the former, hundreds of generations are often crowded together. As for the lights you see shining, they are phosphorescent gleams from dead bodies, or rather they are the expiring gleams of thousands of vanished lives; they are the twilight glow of love, ambition, anger, genius, mercy; they are, in short, the last glow of a dying light, of the individuality which is disappearing, of the being yielding back his elements to mother earth. They are - and now it is that I have found the true word - the foam made by the river when it mingles its waters with those of the ocean.' The Angel of Death paused. ("The Friend of Death")
Roger A. Caras, A Celebration Of Cats|In Egypt: Under no conditions, under threat of death could anyone kill a cat. People were exceuted for even killing a cat accidentally. And when a cat died, the whole family, and probably their closest friends, went into mourning, the measure of their personal loss signalled by their shaving off their eyebrows.
Alan Brennert, Moloka'i|Love, marriage, divorce, infidelity... life was the same here as anywhere else, wasn't? She realized now wrong she'd been; the pali wasn't a headstone and Kalaupapa wasn't a grave. It was a community like any other, bound by ties deeper than most, and people here went to their deaths as people did anywhere: with great reluctance, dragging the messy jumble of their lives behind them.
David Gemmell, Dark Moon|How many hopes and dreams are trapped within these bones? How many wonders lie never to be discovered? This is what war is. Desolation, despair and loss. There are no victors.
Karen Maitland, Company of Liars|The day that I left my home, I had prayed that my children would forget me. I wanted to spare them the pain of remembering. But that night, as I crouched in the white mist, waiting, I knew more than anything that I wanted them to remember, I wanted desperately to go on living in someone's memory. If we are not remembered, we are more than dead, for it is as if we had never lived.
Abood Dweik|By reading quotes i realized that some of them containing simple words, but this simple words could change our lives.how if we read the holy Quran That has the best words , it will change our lives and Our death .Thank God that I was born Muslim
Thomas Mann, Buddenbrooks: The Decline of a Family|The Ladies Buddenbrook from Breite Strasse did not weep, however - it was not their custom. Their faces, a little less caustic than usual at least, expressed a gentle satisfaction at death's impartiality.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Remember thee? Ay, thou poor ghost, while memory holds a seatin this distracted globe. Remember thee?
Pedro Antonio de Alarcón, Ghostly By Gaslight|The two friends went on and on toward the sierra, at times keeping the highway, at times. deviating from it.Whenever they passed through a town or a hamlet, the slow peal of bells tolling the death-knell announced to our hero that the Angel of Death was not losing his time; that his arm reached to every part of the world, and that, though Gil felt it now weighing upon his breast like a mountain of ice, none the less did it scatter ruin and desolation over the entire surface of the earth.As they went, the Angel of Death related many strange and wonderful things to his protege.The foe of history, he took pleasure in scoffing at its pretended utility, in disproof of which he narrated many facts as they had actually occurred, and not as they are recorded on monuments and in chronicles.The abysses of the past opened before the entranced imagination of Gil Gil, revealing to him facts of transcendent importance concerning the fate of man and of empires, disclosing to him the great mystery of the origin of life and the no less great and terrible mystery of the end to which we, wrongly called mortals, are progressing, and causing him, finally, to comprehend, by the light of this sublime philosophy, the laws which preside at the evolution of cosmic matter, and its various manifestations in those ephemeral and transitory forms which are called minerals, plants,animals, stars, constellations, nebula, and worlds. ("The Friend Of The Death")
Ian Morgan Cron, Jesus, My Father, The CIA, and Me: A Memoir. . . of Sorts|His will to live was waning, and it made him almost transparent, as though rather than dying, he might just disappear one day, leaving behind only a vague scent of regret.
Pedro Antonio de Alarcón, Ghostly By Gaslight|Very well, but - who are you?' again asked Gil Gil, in whom curiosity was beginning to get the better of every other feeling.'I told you that when I first spoke to you - I am your friend. And bear in mind that you are the only being on the face of the earth to whom I accord the title of friend. I am bound to you by remorse! I am the cause of all your misfortunes.''I do not know you,' replied the shoemaker.'And yet I have entered your house many times! Through me you were left motherless at your birth; I was the cause of the apoplectic stroke that killed Juan Gil; it was I who turned you out of the palace of Rionuevo; I assassinated your old house-mate, and, finally, it was I who placed in your pocket the vial of sulfuric acid.'Gil Gil trembled like a leaf; he felt his hair stand on end, and it seemed to him as if his contracted muscles must burst asunder.'You are the devil!' he exclaimed, with indescribable terror.'Child!' responded the black-robed figure in accents of amiable censure, 'what has put that idea into your head? I am something greater and better than the wretched being you have named.''Who are you, then?''Let us go into the inn and you shall learn.'Gil hastily entered, drew the Unknown before the modest lantern that lighted the apartment, and looked at him with intense curiosity.He was a person about thirty-three years old; tall, handsome, pale, dressed in a long black tunic and a black mantle, and his long locks were covered by a Phrygian cap, also black. He had not the slightest sign of a beard, yet he did not look like a woman. Neither did he look like a man... ("The Friend of Death")
Victor Turner|O comportamento ritual não só revela realidades práticas e mundanas, é também um teatro vivo da psicologia colectiva e uma das mais ricas expressões da ideologia e crenças - mentalidade - de uma sociedade. Afinal de contas, como os antropólogos notaram, a religião é mais do que um padrão de relações sociais: é uma expressão da capacidade humana para imaginar a estrutura da sociedade. O ritual religioso não é apenas construção cultural: é uma forma de cognição que constrói modelos de realidade e paradigmas de comportamento. E dentro deste processo pelo qual a realidade é definida, o ritual da morte joga um papel central.
Pedro Antonio de Alarcón, Ghostly By Gaslight|We have a long distance to travel,' said the Angel of Death to our friend Gil, as soon as they had left the Villa. 'I will order my chariot.' And he struck the ground with his foot. A hollow rumbling, like that which precedes an earthquake, sounded under the ground. Presently there rose round the two friends an ash-colored cloud of vapor, in the midst of which appeared a species of ivory chariot, resembling the chariots we see in the bas-reliefs of antiquity.A brief glance would have sufficed (we will not disguise the fact from out readers) to show that the chariot was not made of ivory, but solely and simply of human bones polished and joined together with exquisite skill, but retaining still their natural form.The Angel of Death gave his hand to Gil and they ascended the chariot, which rose into the air like the balloons of the present day, but with the difference that it was propelled by the will of its occupants. ("The Friend of Death")
Pedro Antonio de Alarcón, Ghostly By Gaslight|When they had ended their prayers, the Angel of Death recovered his loquacity and his gayety and ascending the chariot again, preceded by Gil Gil, spoke as follows.'The village you see on that mountain is Gethsemane. In it was the Garden of Olives. On the other side you can distinguish an eminence crowned by a temple which stands out against a starry sky - that is Golgotha. There I passed the greatest day of my existence. I thought I had vanquished God himself - and vanquished he was for some hours. But, alas! on that mount, too, it was that three days later I saw myself disarmed and my power brought to naught on the morning of a certain Sunday. Jesus had risen from the dead. There, too, took place on the same occasion my great single combat with Nature. There took place my duel with her, that terrible duel (at the third hour of the day, I remember it well), when, as soon as she saw me thrust the lance of Longinus in the breast of the Saviour she began to throw stones at me, to upturn the cemeteries, to bring the dead to life, and I know not what besides. I thought poor Nature had lost her senses.'The Angel of Death seemed to reflect for a moment... ("The Friend of Death")
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|Nothing, not even the best and noblest, can go on as it now is. Nothing, not even what is lowest and most bestial, will not be raised again if it submits to death. It is sown a natural body, it is raised a spiritual body. Flesh and blood cannot come to the Mountains [heaven]. Not because they are too rank, but because they are too weak. What is a Lizard compared with a stallion? Lust is a poor, weak, whimpering whispering thing compared with that richness and energy of desire which will arise when lust has been killed.
Wendy Webb, The Tale of Halcyon Crane|Before I lost my father, I never understood the rituals surrounding funerals: the wake, the service itself, the reception afterward,the dinners prepared by well-meaning friends and delivered in plastic containers, even the popular habit of making poster boards filled with photos of the dear departed. But now I know why we do those things. It's busywork, all of it. I had so much to take care of, so many arrangements to make, so many people to inform, I didn't have a moment to be engulfed by the ocean of grief that was lapping at my heels. Instead, I waded through the shallows, performing task after task, grateful to have duties to propel me forward.
Meša Selimović, Death and the Dervish|Smrt je preseljenje iz kuće u kuću. To nije nestanak već drugo rođenje. Kao što prsne ljuska jajeta kad se pile potpuno razvije, tako dođe vrijeme da se rastave duša i tijelo. Smrt je nužnost u neizbježnosti prelaska u drugi svijet, u kome čovjek dostiže svoj puni uspon.
Mia Kirshner, I Live Here|My mother used to say that rain here pours like a blessing, like a thick veil that parts to reveal the bride's face. But nearly every day, when this rain parted, it revealed a long line of soldiers, like you, like death, marching toward us, and we would scatter with a practiced silence and hide.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|So this is it ⎯ what cost me all that time. A man who turned out to be old, a house that turned out to be empty.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|I seem to walk on a transparent surface and see beneath me all the bones and wrecks and tentacles that will eventually claim me: in other words, old age, incapacity, loneliness, death of others & myself...
Muriel Spark, Memento Mori|If I had my life to live over again, I would form the habit of nightly composing myself to thoughts of death. I would practice, as it were, the remembrance of death. There is not another practice which so intensifies life. Death, when it approaches, ought not to take one by surprise. It should be part of the full expectancy of life.
Mark Twain, The Prince and the Pauper|Yes, King Edward VI lived only a few years, poor boy, but he lived them worthily.
Jennifer Archer, Through Her Eyes|I died on a bitter cold night. Beneath a black sky and a bruised winter moon, I tried to fly, hoping my arms might act as wings.
John Berger|A man's death makes everything certain about him. Of course, secrets may die with him. And of course, a hundred years later somebody looking through some papers may discover a fact which throws a totally different light on his life and of which all the people who attended his funeral were ignorant. Death changes the facts qualitatively but not quantitatively. One does not know more facts about a man because he is dead. But what one already knows hardens and becomes definite. We cannot hope for ambiguities to be clarified, we cannot hope for further change, we cannot hope for more. We are now the protagonists and we have to make up our minds.
Tobias Wolff, The Night in Question|I'm a survivor, " I said. But I didn't think that claim would carry much weight in an obituary.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|Via the conduit of a wild dog pack, she has now made the ultimate Gift to her fellow Creatures, and has become part of God's great dance of proteins.
John Wyndham, The Day of the Triffids|It seemed to me an odd view to take - rather as if one should protest that one didn't LIKE the idea of dying or being born. I preferred the notion of finding out first how it would be, and then doing what one could about the parts of it one disliked most.
C.S. Lewis, Miracles|[Death] is a safety-device because, once Man has fallen, natural immortality would be the one utterly hopeless destiny for him.
Samantha Sotto, Before Ever After|If last night proved anything, it's that life is a strong drink served up in an extremely short - and fragile - shot glass.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|This very pride in keeping his word was that he was keeping it to miscreants. It was his last triumph over these lunatics to go down into their dark room and die for something that they could not even understand. The barrel-organ seemed to give the marching tune with the energy and the mingled noises of a whole orchestra; and he could hear deep and rolling, under all the trumpets of the pride of life, the drums of the pride of death.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|he [Llewelyn Powys] has always in mind the great touchstone Death & consequently life is always judged as how far it fits us, or compensates us, for ultimately dying.
Joseph Bathanti, This Metal|Our favorite games were killing.Our favorite books were death.It had been beaten into us:God is love.Not the parched face and gnarledcapes across a stick body; jitteringin the nude sky, we couldn't seetrying to touch usfor the blood in our eyes.
John Rucyahana, The Bishop of Rwanda: Finding Forgiveness Amidst a Pile of Bones|...The typhoon of madness that swept through the country [of Rwanda] between April 7 and the third week of May accounted for 80 percent of the victims of the genocide.That means about eight hundred thousand people were murdered during those six weeks, making the daily killing rate at least five times that of the Nazi death camps. The simple peasants of Rwanda, with their machetes, clubs, and sticks with nails, had killed at a faster rate than the Nazi death machine with its gas chambers, mass ovens, and firing squads. In my opinion, the killing frenzy of the Rwandan genocide shared a vital common thread with the technological efficiency of the Nazi genocide--satanic hate in abundance was at the core of both.
Megory Anderson, Sacred Dying: Creating Rituals for Embracing the End of Life|There is such a tremendous need for spiritual guidance for those who are facing death, as a patient or with a loved one. Emotions and grief flood everyone involved. There are so many unknown factors. Many times doctors can predict what may happen physically, but no one can truthfully answer the big questions for us, questions like, What is dying like? Will it hurt? What is going to happen to me after I die? Is God going to be there waiting for me? Is God going to be angry at how I lived my life? These questions and fears clearly need to be addressed spiritually and not brushed aside.
Chris Galford, The Hollow March|That was magic, sweetest.” The witch flexed her fingers, wriggled them in front of her. “Did she think it a wave of the hands? A slip of the tongue?” A kiss upon her skin. She could see the woman reaching out and taking her in hand, kissing each finger as though they were her possessions. Then it was gone. Charlotte blinked. The woman had not stirred. “Not all things are so simple. I was he and he was me and I took your poison into myself, and made it his. All things join beneath the earth. I burned, then so did he. More will burn. Come hair or wool, more will burn.
Chris Galford, The Hollow March|Even corpses had purpose, or could be given one. A man could make himself an island his entire life, only to have reason itself laid about him, a fabricated existence. Identity became relative, history nonexistent. As they said, dead men told no tales.
Megory Anderson, Sacred Dying: Creating Rituals for Embracing the End of Life|The process of dying is a difficult one, with many fears and anxieties, but it is also a very mysterious and wondrous process. It involves both the body and the soul in the greatest transition we are ever called to make. When I sit vigil with those who are at the edge of death, moments away from crossing over, I am constantly in awe of the process happening in front of me, one that each one of us must eventually go through.
Megory Anderson, Sacred Dying: Creating Rituals for Embracing the End of Life|I once asked a rabbi in a large congregation which prayers he used with the dying. "You mean the Mourner's Kaddish?" he asked, referring to the prayer recited on behalf of the deceased. "No," I replied. "I mean the prayers said when a person is actually dying." "Oh," he replied. "I don't know. I've never seen anyone die." He had been a congregational rabbi for almost twenty years. "I only get called when it's time to do the funeral," he explained. Clearly there is much to learn within our traditional religious communities.
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|Did you know that 'I told you so' has a brother,Jacob?" she asked cutting me off. "His name is 'Shut the hell up'.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|All I'd ever wanted was to forget. but even when I thought I had, pieces had kept emerging, like bits of wood floating up to the surface that only hint at the shipwreck below.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|And perhaps it is the greater grief, after all, to be left on earth when another is gone.
A.A. Milne, If I May|[A] quotation is a handy thing to have about, saving one the trouble of thinking for oneself, always a laborious business.")
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|To conquer frustration, one must remain intensely focused on the outcome, not the obstacles.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Head up, heart open. To better days!
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|In quoting others, we cite ourselves.
Marlene Dietrich|I love quotations because it is a joy to find thoughts one might have, beautifully expressed with much authority by someone recognized wiser than oneself.
Karl Lagerfeld|People who do a job that claims to be creative have to be alone to recharge their batteries. You can’t live 24 hours a day in the spotlight and remain creative. For people like me, solitude is a victory.
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|See the world as it is, not as you wish it would be
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Wings and Ruin|I see all of you, Rhys. And there is not one part that I do not love with everything I am.
Karl Lagerfeld|I want everyone to wear what they want and mix it in their own way. That, to me, is what is modern.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|Love, too, was just a question of time
James Allen, As a Man Thinketh|A strong man cannot help a weaker unless the weaker is willing to be helped, and even then the weak man must become strong of himself; he must, by his own efforts, develop the strength which he admires in another. None but himself can alter his condition.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender Is the Night|My God,' he gasped, 'you're fun to kiss.
Blaise Pascal|Love knows no limit to its endurance, no end to its trust, no fading of its hope; it can outlast anything. Love still stands when all else has fallen.
Nikki Rowe|She was born to be free, let her run wild in her own way and you will never lose her.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|It's such a silly little thing, the heart.
Karl Lagerfeld|Reinvent new combinations of what you already own. Improvise. Become more creative. Not because you have to, but because you want to. Evolution is the secret for the next step.
Charlie Cochet, Hell & High Water|Cael, come on. Stop licking the dude. That's gross."Letty let out a snort. "Please, like you don't lick dudes.""That's different," Dex explained with a grimace. "None of those dudes were Ash. Besides, last time I checked, Ash was allergic to nuts.
Suzy Kassem|Each time you say hello to a stranger, your heart acknowledges over and over again that we are all family.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Love spiritually, not strategically.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Tough love may be tough to give, but it is a necessity of life and assurance of positive growth.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|If your enemy is hungry, feed him; if he is thirsty, give him something to drink. In doing this, you will heap burning coals on his head.
Rosamund Hodge, Cruel Beauty|Though mountains melt and oceans burn,The gifts of love shall still return.
Paulo Coelho, Aleph|Déjà vu is more than just that fleeting moment of surprise, instantly forgotten because we never bother with things that make no sense. It show that time doesn't pass. It's a leap into something we have already experienced and that is being repeated.
Ranata Suzuki|…the sad part is, that I will probably end up loving you without you for much longer than I loved you when I knew you.Some people might find that strange.But the truth of it is that the amount of love you feel for someone and the impact they have on you as a person, is in no way relative to the amount of time you have known them.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A good man will never harm or oppress another. A good man will share his last morsel of food with others in need, and die of hunger when he no longer has any food -- instead of cheat or steal from others to survive. Selflessness. Humility. Truthfulness. These are the three marks of an honorable man.
Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World|He can’t take his eyes off the stars, but I can’t take mine off his face.
Nikki Rowe|Wild woman are an unexplainable spark of life. They ooze freedom and seek awareness, they belong to nobody but themselves yet give a piece of who they are to everyone they meet. If you have met one, hold on to her, she'll allow you into her chaos but she'll also show you her magic.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Thought before word, never word before thought.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|I hope to arrive at my death, late, in love, and a little drunk. 
Deepak Chopra|Our biological rhythms are the symphony of the cosmos, music embedded deep within us to which we dance, even when we can't name the tune.
Karl Lagerfeld|The secret to modeling is not being perfect. What one needs is a face that people can identify in a second. You have to be given what’s needed by nature, and what’s needed is to bring something new.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|He had not breathed a word of love, or dropped one hint of tenderness or affection, and yet I had been supremely happy. To be near him, to hear him talk as he did talk, and to feel that he thought me worthy to be so spoken to - capable of understanding and duly appreciating such discourse - was enough.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Love is a flower that should never cease to grow. Nurture it, and it will outlive you. Neglect it, and it will wilt away and die.
Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight, Vol. 16|No matter how dim the light filtering through the trees is, you can still try your best to grasp it. -Kaien Cross
Ali ibn Abi Talib|The moment you start arguing with an ignorant fool, you have already lost.
M.J. Abraham|A physical attraction is often desired above many things but you'll discover it to be short lived. Find yourself someone that gets under your skin, seduces the dusty corners of your heart, and provides you with a mental connection. That is when you'll know true intimacy.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Some lean back. But those who lean forward are poised to cross the finish-line, first!
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|She was completely alone in the world. There was no one at all for her. No one in the world who cared whether she lived or died. Sometimes the horror of that thought threatened to overwhelm her and plunge her down into a bottomless darkness from which there would be no return. If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?
Rene Denfeld, The Enchanted|The books brought brilliance to my life, and they brought an understanding: Life is a story. Everything that has happened and will happen to me is all part of the story of this enchanted place - all the dreams and visions and understandings that come to me in my dungeon cell. The books helped me see the truth is not in the touch of the stone but in what the stone tells you.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Everyone should strive to be a world citizen. Boundaries were created by man, not the Creator. There is no such thing as THEM vs. US. There is only 'WE'.
Suzy Kassem|The greater the spirit, the more one is alone.
Ricardo Menéndez Salmón, El corrector|Se puede vivir sin leer, es cierto: pero también se puede vivir sin amar: el argumento hace aguas como una balsa capitaneada por ratas... Sólo quien ha estado enamorado sabe lo que el amor regala y quita: sólo quien ha leído sabe si la vida merece la pena de ser vivida sin la conciencia de aquellos hombres y mujeres que nos han escrito mil veces antes de que naciéramos. Y que nadie se sonría ante estas líneas. Por una vez, y sin que sirva de precedente, han sido escritas sólo desde la emoción.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Manipulation, fueled with good intent, can be a blessing. But when used wickedly, it is the beginning of a magician's karmic calamity.
Karl Lagerfeld|I’m very much down to earth, just not this earth.
D.H. Lawrence|There is nothing to save, now all is lost,but a tiny core of stillness in the heartlike the eye of a violet.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Betrayal and dishonor is usually an inside job. Keep it 'sucka-free', loved one!
Nikki Rowe|i was lieing to myself when I thought I was lost, I have never been lost - I just wasn't ready to be found.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The path of peace is not a passive journey. It takes incredible strength not to open a can of 'whoop-ass', justifiably, when ones button is pushed.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The best minds come from the most unexpected faces and places. There is no image for intelligence or genius. Genius is something that cannot be seen. It cannot be produced or manufactured. It is something that even the true genius thinks is unattainable. The genius recognizes he’s just a small pea in a sea of infinite atoms. Knowledge is as infinite as the universe. The man who claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We are all connected. When one arm or foot is poisoned, the whole body becomes infected.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|You cannot build a dream on a foundation of sand. To weather the test of storms, it must be cemented in the heart with uncompromising conviction.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime|Someone was coming through the velvet.He was pulling it wide, he was stepping onto Kestrel’s balcony—close, closer still as she turned and the curtain swayed, then stopped. He pinned the velvet against frame. He held the sweep of it high, at the level of his gray eyes, which were silver in the shadows.He was here. He had come.Arin.
Kerry E. Wagner|Kiss me hot,heavy,wet & angry with that attitude like you do when your mouth yells it hates me but your tongue screams it can’t wait for me. Hug me, touch me, submit to me with that insatiable passion like you do when you thought you could leave but the sight of my throbbing rock hard love muscle made you too weak in the knees. Your mind is melting fast, your soul is whispering trust, your eyes are begging please and your anger has turned to lust. Let me undress your body, caress your skin and wetly massage your mind back into making love to me again. I’d rather say I’m sorry and keep my best friend than have this come to an end. Be encouraged but more importantly…be lethal with your make up love.
Ranata Suzuki|It’s painful, loving someone from afar.Watching them – from the outside.The once familiar elements of their life reduced to nothing more than occasional mentions in conversations and faces changing in photographs…..They exist to you now as nothing more than living proof that something can still hurt you … with no contact at all.
Ranata Suzuki|If you cannot hold me in your arms, then hold my memory in high regard.And if I cannot be in your life, then at least let me live in your heart.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|I worry there is something broken in our generation,there are too many sad eyes on happy faces.
Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World|My breath catches, responding to an unfamiliar pull in my chest, an ache in my soul. I shouldn’t miss him, but I do; this boy who had every right to pull that trigger, and instead threw himself between me and death. This boy, the only one who believes I’m not what they say I am what I believed I was; a soldier without a soul, a girl with no heart to break. He’s the only one who’s proved me wrong.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you, your goals will shrink in the eyes of others. Envy, jealousy, and resentment will put out your flame before it grows.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Each moment of worry, anxiety or stress represents lack of faith in miracles, for they never cease.
Kellie Elmore, Magic in the Backyard|Sing me a love song in a slow, southern drawl to the tune of sunny days...
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading 2|I had a dream that I saw shooting stars with you. Two things that will come close to never happening: Seeing shooting stars, and being with you.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The energy it took to exit mother’s womb is the same force required to manifest a dream...a different kind of struggle. Push, push, push!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If the thought inspires you, and it feels good and right...it is yours, alone, to exercise. So get right on it!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|While fear depletes power, faith gives wings for the soul’s elevation.
Gabrielle Dubois|Turn the page, your heroine is still there, breathe, relax, life is beautiful: you're in a book!
Ranata Suzuki|When you experience loss, people say you’ll move through the 5 stages of grief….Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, Acceptance….. What they don’t tell you is that you’ll cycle through them all every day.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Don't wish...DO! Don't try...BE! Don't think...KNOW! And above all: Bless a stranger with a small, yet powerful, random act of kindness. You feel me?
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The first law of nature is self-preservation. Cut off that which may harm you. But if it is worth preserving, and is meaningful, nourish it and have no regrets. Ultimately, this is true living and love of self...from within.
Karl Lagerfeld|Fashion is about going ahead, not about memory.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|One who will not accept solitude, stillness and quiet recurring moments...is caught up in the wilderness of addictions; far removed from an original state of being and awareness. This is 'dis-ease.
Roopleen|Quitting is never an option on the road to success. Find the way forward. If you have a positive mindset and are willing to persevere, there is little that is beyond your reach. The attitude of being ready to work even in the face of challenges and despite odds is what will make all the difference in your life.
Neal Shusterman, Downsiders|Cities are never random. No matter how chaotic they might seem, everything about them grows out of a need to solve a problem. In fact, a city is nothing more than a solution to a problem, that in turn creates more problems that need more solutions, until towers rise, roads widen, bridges are built, and millions of people are caught up in a mad race to feed the problem-solving, problem-creating frenzy.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.
Nicole  Lyons|She will blaze through you like a gypsy wildfire. Igniting you soul and dancing in its flames. And when she is gone, the smell of her smoke will be the only thing left to soothe you.
Ranata Suzuki|I think perhaps I will always hold a candle for you – even until it burns my hand.And when the light has long since gone …. I will be there in the darkness holding what remains, quite simply because I cannot let go.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
Munia Khan|Love is like dried flowers sometimes. Even though you watch the petals shrink and change colour, you cannot help treasuring them
Albert Camus|որևէ քաղաք ճանաչելու ամենաճիշտ ձևերից մեկն էլ իմանալն է, թե ինչպե՞ս են այնտեղ աշխատում, ինչպե՞ս են սիրում, և ինչպե՞ս են մեռնում:
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|She knew there were only small joys in life--the big ones were too complicated to be joys when you got all through--and once you realized that, it took a lot of the pressure off.
Elizabeth Chandler, The Back Door of Midnight|People fear anyone who differs from what is considered normal, and in a small town the idea of normal can be as narrow as the streets.
Karl Lagerfeld|I had an interview once with some German journalist—some horrible, ugly woman. It was in the early days after the communists—maybe a week after—and she wore a yellow sweater that was kind of see-through. She had huge tits and a huge black bra, and she said to me, ‘It’s impolite; remove your glasses.’ I said, ‘Do I ask you to remove your bra?
Enkelejd Lamaj|‎"Based on a true story"? No, thanks. I prefer "based on a true imagination".
Deepak Chopra|If the fate of the universe was decided in a single moment at the instant of the Big Bang , that was the most creative moment of all.
Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms|Then Carrot said, "It's better to light a candle than curse the darkness, captain. That's what they say.""What?" Vimes' sudden rage was like a thunderclap. "Who says that? When has that ever been true? It's never been true! It's the kind of thing people without power say to make it all seem less bloody awful, but it's just words, it never makes any difference -
Ranata Suzuki|Though these words will never find you, I hope that you knew I was thinking of you today….. and that I was wishing you every happiness.Love Always,The girl you loved once.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Your life experience is a moving picture, of which you are writer, director, performer, producer and critic.
Aimee Mann|I think, to be happy is to be interested and engaged.
Haidji, Harables: Short Stories 1|Love does not choose belief, place, time, situations, or race. love happens between two souls.
William Shakespeare|There's a tide in the affairs of men, which taken at the flood, leads onto fortune, omitted, all their voyages end in shallows and miseries. Upon such tide are we now...
Mohit Sharma, Vigyapans|They say that Good ultimately wins, OK! Sir, Agreed! but the win-loss record of Good vs. Evil is like population of (Moldova vs. China).
Karl Lagerfeld|The elegance is as physical, as moral quality that has nothing common with the clothing. You can see a countrywoman more elegant than one so called elegant woman.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|What you are, and who you are should provide greater clarity about where you have been and where you are headed. Although one distinguishes spiritual from physical nature, the ultimate unification of the two is the consequence of the struggle for internal, external and eternal – peace.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|What you do teaches faster, and has a lasting impression, far beyond what you say.
W.H. Auden|Language is the mother, not the handmaiden, of thought; words will tell you things you never thought or felt before.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When spontaneous demoralizing thoughts seep into your conscience, don't trip...allowing them to fester. These are random tests of your conviction and determination. Large or small, your reaction to such intrusions is a defining moment for which no one else, but you, can mitigate.
Henry Mosquera, Sleeper's Run|Some things are just like riding a bicycle; you jump on, pedal, and hope you don’t fall.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Making a dream into reality begins with what you have, not with what you are waiting on.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If you have a dream, keep it. But write it down and take appropriate actions to see it manifest.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|It is common to represent a title, but inspiring to represent a purpose.
M.C. Humphreys|Quotes ain’t all that useful. Fact is, there’s more concise ways to express what you’re feelin’, like screams and moans.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Today is not just another ordinary day. It is an opportunity to do, or say, something that just might inspire someone to greater becoming...especially a wayward youth.
Wes Moore, Forcefully Advancing|From the pastor who has an affair with his secretary, to the jerk at the office who happens to be a deacon, to the overbearing boss who can’t miss his Monday night Bible study, Christians today cause more problems for the gospel than all the devil’s demons put together.
Evelyn Skye, The Crown's Game|Unless a convention of anarchists visited the library yesterday, most books ought to be in their rightful places.
Emma Holly, Hot Blooded|My toes are going to come,"-MariannThe Night Owl
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Having beef with someone is unnecessary and avoidable. Whatever the issue, if not positive, it is an opportunity to cut the excess fat from an unhealthy dietary network. Simply excuse yourself from the table of negativity and lean forward in peace.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Both friend and enemy reside within us. One lives by the rule of compassion, the other by the rule of hard knocks. Though potential influence of either extreme is inevitable, our actions bear witness to the one we embrace.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The Motto of Champions: If you are hurt, you can suck it up and press on. If injured, you can rebound and return bigger and better...and continue to inspire!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Do not hate the player, nor the game...rule it!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Though I think and speak of greater becoming, I, too, am an infinite work in progress.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Divide the constant tide and random noisiness of energetic flow, with conscious recurring moments of empty mind, solitude, gratitude and deep...slow...breathing. Of this, the natural law of self-preservation demands.
Na'ama Yehuda|If not in the moment, where do you propose to live?
Corey Aaron Burkes|If you want something done, you'll have to dream it yourself.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Perception can be one-sided or variant: "Glass half empty or half full." There usually is more than one way of perceiving. Thoroughly check your inner dialogue.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|It is more substantial to represent a purpose, rather than just a title.
Elizabeth Parker, Bark Out Loud! Motivational Quotes Inspired by Dogs|If you've delayed achieving your goals, have you ever asked yourself, "What's stopping you?
Wes Moore, Forcefully Advancing|What is missing in our time is not the willingness of God toact in biblical ways, but the willingness of his people to believehe is still the God of the Bible—and to act on that faith. To throwaway fear, to stride against common wisdom, to risk all that wehave and all that we are so we may follow only our simple beliefthat the God of the Scriptures is still alive and that he will stilldo what he says in his Word.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|I choose many voices to consider and reckon with, rather than just one to tolerate.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|It's amazing how close I have been, all this time, to my old life. And yet the distance that divides me from it is vast.
John Green|If people were rain, I'd be a drizzle and she'd be a hurricane.
Tere Liye, Hujan|Tidak ada kabar adalah kabar, yaitu kabar tidak ada kabar. Tidak ada kepastian juga adalah kepastian, yaitu kepastian tidak ada kepastian. Hidup ini juga memang tentang menunggu. Menunggu kita untuk menyadari: kapan kita akan berhenti menunggu.
Keisha Keenleyside|Love is relentless, and so am I ;)
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|The smooth folds of her dress concealed a tumultuous heart, and her modest lips told nothing of her torment. She was in love.
Anurag Anand|Change the world, I know I won’t,Enthralling as always I hope it remains,A kaleidoscope of joy, sorrow and pain.But my only wish as I take this jaunt,Is for my words on you to impress upon,A smile, a tear or even an angry frown.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|Judging by your face, the what-the-fuck nodes in your cerebral cortex must be a real light show.
Henry Mosquera, Sleeper's Run|People have incredible nerve to do terrible things, but never actually admit to them.
Sinclair Lewis, Arrowsmith|I was feeling rational and restless, which is horrible for watching movies
Henry Mosquera, Sleeper's Run|I think all artists struggle to represent the geometryof life in their own way, just like writers deal witharchetypes. There are only so many stories that you cantell, but an infinite number of storytellers.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Antiquary Arago's Diary|For an apple you can’t reach up and pick, you have to climb that tree; the tree won’t bend down for you!
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|If time is money and you wasted my time, then give me back my money!
Steven Singh Babbar|Dont regret that it just got over, but instead Move on for More!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Bravado may stir the crowd, but courage needs no audience.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|To witness miracles unfold in your experience, count your blessings and be thankful. Perceived small blessings accumulate to be the most powerful.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|In the game of life, we all receive a set of variables and limitations in the field of play. We can either focus on the lack thereof or empower ourselves to create better realities with the pieces we play the game with.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If you wish to transform, pretend this day until it is so.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|There is bound to be turbulence in the clouds of confusion before one can view the friendly skies, and an illuminated landing strip.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Do not only think about it, but feel about it, also, before taking appropriate action.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|During moments of strife and 'dis-ease', check your flow and redirect your focus to that which is naturally good.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When individuals and communities do not govern self, they risk being ruled by external forces that care less about the well-being of the village.
Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme|If you can't make ends meet, meet them in the middle instead
Neal Shusterman, The Schwa Was Here|...the Statue of Liberty's got this invitation: 'Give me your tired, your poor, your reeking homeless--''Huddled masses,' said Ira. 'Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.'...Okay, fine. So like everybody in the old countries says, 'Hey, I'm a huddled mass,' and they all wanna come over.
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|Life makes fools of us all sooner or later. But keep your sense of humor and you'll at least be able to take your humiliations with some measure of grace. In the end, you know, it's our own expectations that crush us." -- from Skippy Dies
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Bling" is not an indication of riches. It is a product of value-based spending, to enrich the pockets of those outside of ones sphere of influence...the haves' bleeding the have-nots'.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|You may have the dark and cold street life, ruled by the lessor light of the moon. During this time I restore my temple, and later awake to greet the awesome radiance of the sun-star.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Day or night, good or bad…all things from within.
Madeleine L'Engle, The Joys of Love|Sorry. I get attacks of quotitis every once in a while. It's a very rare disease with no cure. It usually attacks older people, and here i am afflicted with it at my tender age.
Michelle Geaney|It may be a tough world, but its a magical world;Where a mere sunset will make you smile....Amidst all the hardships, When the life you want to live seems a strange place,Be the first to chart this new territory;And leave a clear path for others to follow,They will follow.........You do not have to fell the pressure to lead....You merely followed the horizon where the sun set,which became a beautiful sunrise...Your Sunrise.....
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Life, for the living, is a gift of opportunity; an exercise of the will to choose.
Barrie Kerper, Paris: The Collected Traveler|The great correspondent of the seventeenth century Madame de Sevigne counseled, "Take chocolate in order that even the most tireome company seem acceptable to you," which is also sound advice today!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Though the earth contains greater energy and mass than any single being, linked together, "people make the world go-round".
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|For the human experience, life in the natural world seems to require the application of meaning, in order to evoke purpose.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Image is only temporal. Substance endures. Who said, "Image is everything"? And who believed it?
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|People who believe they have bad luck create bad luck. Those who believe they are very fortunate, that the world is a generous place filled with trustworthy people, live in exactly that kind of world.
Nicole  Lyons|She's an old soul with young eyes, a vintage heart, and a beautiful mind.
Set it off|Maybe you'll change Abandon all your wicked waysMake amends and start anew againMaybe you'll seeAll the wrongs you did to meAnd start all over, start all over again.Who am i kidding?Now, lets not get overzealous hereYoure always been a huge piece of shitIf i could kill you i wouldBut it's frowned upon in all fifty statesHaving said that, burn in Hell.
Nikki Rowe|It wasn't exactly love at first sight, but it was deeper than that. A sense of belonging to a place I never knew I wanted but somehow always needed. It was a home that carried a heartbeat.
Elsie Love|Cottage cheese, broken down into its simplest form, is milk that has been curdled to mimic the cellulite its consumption is meant to banish.
Set it off|I’ve got some questions,Are you sick of feelin’ sorry?And people sayin’ not to worry?Sick of hearing this hakuna matata motto,From people who won the lotto,We’re not that lucky.Have you noticed that you’re breathing?Look around and count your blessings,So when you’re sick of all this stressin’ and guessin’I’m suggestin’ you turn this up and let them hear you sing it
Mohith Agadi|If you have to choose between any two, first choose time to think.
Harriet Blaine|I do not think he (Chester Arthur) knows anything. He can quote a verse from poetry or a page from Dickens or Thackeray, but these are only leaves springing from a root out of dry ground. His vital forces are not fed,and very soon he has given out his all.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|This path was not that of my conscious choosing. But after persistent subconscious confrontation, I have finally embraced what is, 'souly' for me...and I am thankful, when called upon, to be able to share and give to those who seek their own way of the path.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|I live to inspire, not start the fire.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|He had had a severe shock some weeks earlier, when, having narrowly failed to capture a large grey-brown hare for his dinner, it had stopped at the edge of the forest, looked at him with disdain, and said, 'Well, I hope you're proud of yourself, that's all,' and had scampered off into the long grass
Tom  Carter, China: Portrait of a People|I drift like a cloud,Across these venerable eastern lands,A journey of unfathomable distances,An endless scroll of experiences...Lady Zhejiang here we must part,For the next province awaits my embrace.Sad wanderer, once you conquer the East,Where do you go?
Robert Frost|Nor is there wanting in the pressSome spirit to stand simply forth,Heroic in it nakedness,Against the uttermost of earth.The tale of earth's unhonored thingsSounds nobler there than 'neath the sun;And the mind whirls and the heart sings,And a shout greets the daring one.
Rosy Cole, The Twain: Poems of Earth and Ether|So I don’t think I’ll make Poet Laureate,but I swear I’m not twisted and bitter,If finely-wrought talentsdon’t weigh in the balance,I can always write haiku on Twitter.
Henry Mosquera, Sleeper's Run|There’s no better way to get to know a city than to walk its streets. A place will reveal its soul through its sights, sounds and smells, and eventually, it’ll teach you its rhythm.
Esther Verhoef, Close-up|There is too much pain in the world,in all shapes and forms.That is what these people represent.Pain from losing their homes,the death of a loved one,failing an exam,having a leg amputated,not getting a resident permit after years of hoping for a better life...That's what binds them,That's what they potray.Pain.
Amunhotep El Bey, The Quotations Book of life and Death|I love with love, so that we all may love." ~ Amunhotep El Bey
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Get busy with the issue! In this regard, time is not friendly…nor should it be.
Elizabeth Parker, Bark Out Loud! Motivational Quotes Inspired by Dogs|Be creative enough to dream, brave enough to try, persistent enough to succeed, and humble enough to thank those who helped you along the way.
Bruce Edwin|People that love quotes are those short on time, but long on big ideas.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|God is the Master Author of your life. He has written every page of your life story in His eternal book. It's up to you to turn up the pages and move on with the next chapter or just get yourself stuck in the same content over and over again."- Elizabeth's Quotes
Diane Setterfield|... [They] took it upon themselves to start the laborious process of cranking up life again, after death has stopped us all in its tracks.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|I love when people quote me. It makes me feel that my words have meaning. People give words power. When they speak out for things they feel, we all become alive.
Henry Mosquera, Sleeper's Run|I don’t care what Einstein said about God not playing dice; If he exists, he’s addicted to craps.
Rama Wibi, The Story of L'Arc~en~Ciel - 4 Colours in a Rainbow|berhati-hatilah kalo menghujat para maling dan pelacur. "Because we might do the same.
Mohit K. Misra|At the end to death I must go,Finishing a real tragic and funny show.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|I was always exceedingly delighted with that saying of Chrysostom, "The foundation of our philosophy is humility"; and yet more pleased with that of Augustine: "As the orator, when asked, What is the first precept in eloquence? answered, Delivery: What is the second? Delivery: What is the third? Delivery: so if you ask me concerning the precepts of the Christian religion, I will answer, first, second, and third, Humility.
Terry A. O'Neal|life weighs heavy upon my shoulders and patience starts wearing thin, it is divine hope and dreams which sustain me, pushing me forth against the wind.
Terry A. O'Neal|Wednesday had come and gone in a single breath. As I dreamt of divine love, Picasso, and a vast field of gold, a new dawn had already begun.
Jennifer Pierre|Sometimes you will let go meet others, travel, experience beautiful things, but there's always someone you feel is home.
Kaye Allen, Chasing Sunsets: Love & Wonders Anthology|They are ever-changing. They are unlike immortals who stay young and beautiful forever—who have time under their control. Humans, they only have a few years to live, and yet there is beauty in the way time controls them.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|Some fail because after they choose the direction for their careers, they spend too much time second-guessing their decision.
Cara Beatrice|Sunshine brings a new day,moonlight ends the harsh light.
Živa Vivianaia Dor|Ko kiti priplavajo v vaše srce, ga nikoli več ne zapustijo.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|My mother was a voice of reason, a reminder that they had to stay focused and fully assess the situation. Her composure calmed everybody; her strong manner inspired them. This, I realized, was how a leader behaved.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|In the real world, you can make your own miracles
Kendare Blake, One Dark Throne|No matter how far I go, I'm still your person. We stand together now.
Hafez, The Nightingales are Drunk|What does life give me in the end but sorrow?What do love's good and evil send but sorrow?I've only seen one true companion - pain,And I have known no faithful friend but sorrow.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|The more open we are, the more we can learn. The more we learn, the more we recognize that every one of us is a hero
Susan X. Meagher, All That Matters|When Kylie was ready, Blair went into her friend’s room and lay next to her on the bed. Blair started to thread her fingers through the doctor’s soft curls, speaking to her in a soothing voice. “It’s gonna be all right. Everything will work out. We’re gonna be one small, happy family.” She kept up her ministrations, until she felt Kylie’s body relax, and then slowed down and finally stopped. Kylie was sound asleep, and Blair couldn’t resist staying right where she was. She nestled her cheek against Kylie’s back, listening to her strong, sure heartbeat and the steady intake of breath. It’s gonna be so nice when I can sleep with her, she thought. Just lying here with her calms me down. She noticed that Mackenzie was unusually calm, too, and whispered, “Mama Kylie calms you down, too, doesn’t she, Mackenzie? All we have to do now is convince her that we’re gonna love her as much as she loves us.
Martijn Benders|To me, quotes function as the sunscreen against a writers brilliance. As soon as I cannot stand to look at the magnificence of the acropolis of pure thought the writer managed to doll out in the cognizant chaos - I quote him, and by doing so I am discharged and freed. On the other hand, even while I do acknowledge that some things cannot be quoted, I vehemently distrust any writer whose army of quotes does not consist of impeccable warriors but the sort of bootless canon fodder that caused one to write in the first place, wishing to circumlocute that strappant lot. No writer can ever recover from bad quotes. I check the army of quotes, and if it has no sporting chance against a simple pack of butter then I will simply never ever read this person. One often hears short stories are the benchmark of great writers, but if you ask me, I'd rather first look at their quotes.
Susan X. Meagher, The Reunion|When I have someone to express my sexuality with, I express it with gusto. I think new levels of gusto are in the offing, because I’m finally lying with the woman I was meant to be with.” She kissed her tenderly. “The one who holds my heart.” Shelby threw her arms around Jemma’s shoulders and held on tightly. “I loved you long before I knew what love meant. Now I’m sure. Of our love. Of you. Of us.” Jemma kissed her, tears showing once more. “Now I know heaven exists.” Another sweet kiss followed quickly. “I see it in your eyes.
Susan X. Meagher, All That Matters|...Pouring every bit of the emotion she felt into her kiss, Blair melted into her partner until she could feel own her knees weaken. “I love you so much. It… it frightens me, but I can’t hold back.” “It frightens you?” “Yes. More than I can tell.” “Don’t be frightened,” Kylie murmured. “I’ll never hurt you, sweetheart. I swear!” “I know,” Blair said. “It’s not that… it’s… oh, I don’t know what it is. I’m just scared.” “Don’t let love frighten you. It’s freeing. Trust me.” “I do. I do trust you.” “That’s what love is,” Kylie said fervently. “It’s jumping out of a plane without a parachute, but knowing with every fiber of your being that you’re safe. Your lover will protect you. No matter what. It’s blind faith, Blair. Totally blind faith.” "I’ve never… ever felt this way before,” Blair said, tears filling her eyes. “I’m so frightened, Kylie. Please, please don’t hurt me.” She held on to her lover with all of her might, sobbing so hard she felt sick. “I’ll always be there for you. I’ll catch you. I promise I’ll catch you.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Nothing crushes in the person his sense of self such as him following the common opinions, and be unable to make criticizing positions against what he hears or sees.The ability to express the convictions is the line between the ability and inability, and the awakening and sleep, and the growing and dwarfism.
Susan X. Meagher|...This wasn’t just Kylie. This was the woman she had chosen above every other person in the world. This woman was the most important person in her universe, and she was determined to show her how true that was.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|It's time to respect yourself and your dream, both truly deserve that respect. be the person you would do anything for. Be the person you will not let down.
Timothy Joshua|Like Cupid,your promiseswere just misses.
Maija Monreaux|Everyone has a story to tell, so why not let me put it on paper!
Susan X. Meagher, All That Matters|Blair was home when Kylie arrived the next night, and as soon as the doctor walked into the house, Blair called out, “Get changed! I brought carryouts for dinner. We’re gonna spend the whole night talking about the dangerous world of lesbianism.” “I have a feeling that someone’s not taking my concerns very seriously,” Kylie said when she walked into the kitchen. Blair gave her a hug and said, “I take you and your concerns very seriously. But I’m confident that I’ve thought of the repercussions, and I know that once I convince you of that, we’re gonna be fine.” She gave her a dazzling smile and said, “Is it okay if I’m happy about that?” “I suppose so,” Kylie said, trying but failing to look aggrieved. She wrapped her arms around Blair and playfully tossed her back and forth. “You’re so darned cute that I can barely stand it!” “Oh, you haven’t seen half of it. Just you wait. I’ll confound you with cuteness.
Susan X. Meagher, All That Matters|Kylie and Nick went to the symphony the next night, and by the time she came home, Blair was sound asleep on the sofa. The doctor gently woke her and helped her to her feet. “But I wanna stay up and talk about being a lesbian,” Blair mumbled, her words sounding comical given her tousled hair and sleep-suffused voice. “We can talk about being lesbians tomorrow.” Kylie scratched the back of Blair’s neck, knowing that a good scratch was as effective as ether. By the time they reached the bedroom, Kylie merely had to urge her onto the bed and cover her with a quilt. “That’s my girl,” Kylie said.
George Eliot, Silly Novels by Lady Novelists|A really cultured woman, like a really cultured man, is all the simpler and the less obtrusive for her knowledge; it has made her see herself and her opinions in something like just proportions; she does not make it a pedestal from which she flatters herself that she commands a complete view of men and things, but makes it a point of observation from which to form a right estimate of herself. She neither spouts poetry nor quotes Cicero on slight provocation; not because she thinks that a sacrifice must be made to the prejudices of men, but because that mode of exhibiting her memory and Latinity does not present itself to her as edifying or graceful
Amay Saxena|I am a writer and things which don't happen in real world, happen in my world.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|It was perfect. Just right. Just what the raging, frothing she-demon inside her needed. The demon that had driven the stupid argument between them and nothing short of his possession was going to drive her out. Revenge sex had taught Juliet that it wasn’t possible to screw the angry out, but if anyone could, it was Ryder. She moved restlessly against him as he held himself high inside her. “Again,” she demanded. “More.”“Christ.” His breath was hot on her neck, his voice strained and clearly pissed off. “You’re so fucking bossy.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|I’m not going to be the bad guy here, Ryder, because you can’t be like every other man out there and think with your dick.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|I don’t suppose you’re going to be able to—” She looked around for lurking roommates and leaned in a little closer. “Fuck with that? Especially if it’s broken.”Ryder smiled. “I can fuck with all but a broken dick and even then, I’d give it a red hot try.” He lunged, grabbing her arm and she squealed playfully as he dragged her towards him. “Come and sit in my lap and I’ll show you.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|The man ticked all of her boxes. Compassionate, kind, thoughtful. But he was alpha as fuck on a rugby field. And in the bedroom. Or on a balcony. Or in front of a mirror. Or up against a wall. She really should walk away. Now. Right now. Hell, she should run.
Kat Evans, The Domme Tamer|I ask for so little. Just fear me, love me, do as I say and I will be your slave.” Jareth the Goblin King
Kat Evans, The Domme Tamer|Jillian had charged into the bathroom on seven, but she just shot straight to ten. Her nature may be reserved, but she didn’t take shit off anybody. “Don’t patronize me. And don’t you dare come down here and judge us!” She pointed her finger directly at AJ. “We’re the ones doing the heavy lifting, so people like you can come along at the very end and ride along on our coattails. You can act tough all you want, but it’s just an act, AJ. You, with your expensive suits and shiny shoes,” she sneered. “You wouldn’t survive one minute out there on those streets. You’re weak.” Before she realized what was about to happen, AJ seized her by the shoulders and threw her against the wall. Pinning her with her own body, she pressed her index finger over Jillian’s lips. “That’s enough.” Those glittering green eyes warned Jillian not to say another word. The impact had completely knocked the breath out of her. AJ pressed her body tighter into hers, preventing Jillian from taking a replenishing breath, so she breathed short shallow breaths through her nose. Her heart pounded. What was happening? She wasn’t in control of the situation, and oddly enough, for once she didn’t want to be. She had just been manhandled, yet she had no desire to fight back. Instead, she wanted to hook her leg around AJ’s waist and draw her closer to where AJ’s heat seared her core.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Whatever am I going to do with that monster, Ryder Davis?”He gave a husky laugh. “I think you could probably just tell it to come now and it would.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|I’ve been lumbered with this great lug of dog through a friend of a friend for a couple of months and he has some ...behavioural problems I need to manage ASAP.” “Really?” Her gaze switched to Tiny who wagged his tail looking completely angelic. Ryder could have sworn the damn mutt was smiling. “Look at you, you gorgeous boy,” she crooned, unlatching a section of the counter, lifting it up and ducking through it to join him on the other side. Tiny wagged his tail harder as Juliet approached, one hand held out in friendly greeting. Tiny, whose head came to her breasts, took full advantage, nosing her right in the cleavage as the woman slid her hands on either side of his face and cooed at him. “You are adorable, aren’t you?”Tiny licked, actually licked, her cleavage then shot a shit eating grin in Ryder’s direction. If the dog had eyebrows, one of them would be arrogantly cocked. Ryder blinked. The damn animal had more game than him. “Are you sure?” She leaned forward to drop some kisses between Tiny’s eyes, pushing his snout even further into the cushioned heaven between her breasts. “He seems very placid.”Tiny’s gave an ecstatic little shiver, his tail a blur as it dusted the floor. “Trust me. He’s the antichrist.”“Oh I don’t believe that,” she said to Tiny, her voice light and teasing, her mouth a cute little moue. “Look how sweet and well behaved he is. Good boy.” She kissed him again. “Good boy.”Ryder would be sweet and well behaved if Juliet called him a good boy while cradling his head between her breasts. Hell, he’d roll over and play dead if she wanted.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Ryder stepped into the hallway to discover Tiny sitting in the middle, his tail wagging in greeting and what looked like a goofy smile on his face. Despite Tiny’s size, his behaviour and the sheer impracticality of having him here, Ryder felt stupidly happy to see his big, dumb face. For about two seconds. Until he saw the offering at Tiny’s feet. A steaming mountain of crap right in the middle of the hall runner.Ryder blinked. He’d never seen so much dog doo in his life. What the hell had they been feeding him? Bricks?
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Tiny.” Juliet’s firm voice brought the dog to an abrupt halt much to Ryder’s immense relief. “Sit.”The damn dog sat and Ryder threw a dark look in Tiny’s direction until he realised the dog’s head was level with Juliet’s chest. No wonder he’d been so eager to obey. The dog wasn’t a flirt. He was a pervert. “Good puppy,” she crooned, cradling his head again, squishing his jowls, Tiny’s wet nose smooshed into her breasts.Fucks sake! The dog was getting more action than he was.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Ryder cocked an eyebrow. “So that’s how you get men do your bidding.”She laughed, still looking into Tiny’s eyes. “By calling them good boy and offering them treats?”Ryder smiled. Her laugh made him happy. Hell, just looking at the woman made him happy. “Works for me.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|I’m texting your picture, your name, and your address to one of my flatmates. In case I’m letting your beautiful building blind me to the fact you’re actually a serial killer.”To his credit, he didn’t look at her like she was crazy, just smiled. “I’m a reasonably famous rugby player. I’m on the TV. You can see my half naked ass on a billboard as you drive off the Sydney Harbour Bridge.”“What, you can’t be a serial killer as well?
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|So...just kissing ...?”If he was disappointed, he didn’t show it. Kudos to him. “Some feeling up is allowed, but nothing below the waist. And absolutely no sex.” Just saying it out loud was getting her all hot and bothered. Him too if the flare of his nostrils was any indication. God, she’d missed this. All of it. The flirting. The chase. The dance. Surprisingly she wasn’t even that rusty. It was all coming back to her.“So it’s making out. Like in high school.”“Exactly.” She smiled.“High school sucked.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Juliet stared at their reflection. One big hand lay flat against her belly, the other cupped and fondled her breast. Her nipples were a dark reddish-brown from the torment. She didn’t recognise the woman who stared back, her face all flushed, her mouth parted, her head fallen back against his chest having lost its capacity to support itself. “Juliet?” His urgent prompt dragged her gaze down, to where his finger pushed lower, disappearing entirely beneath her tights while his remaining fingers stayed firmly on the outside. It found the lacy edge of her underwear and stopped, brushing back and forth. “Just the one finger.” His voice was like gravel. “That’s all I need.”Juliet moaned and closed her eyes against the wickedly delicious thought of it— watching him get her off, with just one finger. That’s all I need. Fuck... Even his arrogance was sexy. She opened her eyes, thrilling at the sight of him pawing her, one hand on her breast the other down her pants. “Yes.” Her tongue flicked out to wet dry lips. “Hurry.”He smiled triumphantly, his nostrils flaring as his middle finger slipped under the barrier of her underwear. The waistband of her tights dragged lower, dipping in the middle, as he slid into the slick folds of her pussy. Juliet cried out at the delicious invasion, arching her back and curling her fingers into his neck. “Jesus Christ.” He pressed his face into her nape and groaned. It echoed down her spine and she shivered. “You’re so fucking wet.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Her gaze dropped to the zipper of his shorts, still sporting a significant bulge. “Think you can deal with that thing all by yourself?”“I think I can manage after twenty six years.”She lifted her chin in the direction of the Ziggurat tiling. “Cold shower?”“That’s one option. Although I do have an awesome new fantasy for my spank bank. It’d be a shame to waste it.”The thought of Ryder jacking off while he thought of her was wildly exciting. She’d love to be a fly on the wall for that. Or...“True. On the other hand you could not do anything about it. And I...a real live woman could help you out with it tomorrow night after poker. Think how much more intense it will be after you’ve denied yourself for a while.” The bob of his throat was visible from across the room. “Denial sucks.”“True. But I could make it worth your while.” He sighed. “If it doesn’t kill me first.
Amy Andrews|Did you jack off last night?”He swallowed, his throat undulating against her lips. “No.” “Really?” He wouldn’t be the first guy to lie about a quick wank. “Cross my heart. Got no sleep at all.” A surge of triumph shot through her system and her lips curved upwards. “You think” —she slid her hand between them and groped his dick through his shorts—“you’re going to last very long when I get on my knees and blow you?”Juliet revelled in both the unsteady timbre of his breathing and the feel of him in her hand. The power she had over him in this moment hit her right between the legs. “I think I will last an embarrassingly short amount of time.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|He took it off, and she could see his hair was damp with sweat, as was his shirt on closer inspection. He mustn’t have bothered showering after his training session. Juliet’s belly tightened. There was just something about a sweaty man that had always done it for her. Good sweaty. Not the festering-for-hours-never-worn-deodorant kind. The healthy kind worked up through hard physical labour. The primal survival kind that attracted a woman to the type of man who could keep her in mammoth stew and furs. It clearly didn’t matter how sophisticated humans thought they were or how far they’d come. Hundreds of thousands of years of evolution and it still got down to how a man smelled. Mother Nature was one crazy bitch.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|He was so pumped, jumping up and down on the spot, showing off the taut lean muscles in his quads and calves so different to the bulkiness of a lot of the other players. He bristled with energy, shaking out his arms, flicking his fingers. Flicking off invisible globules of testosterone so powerful she could feel their pull all the way up here. He dropped his head from side to side to work his traps, bending at the waist right in front of the box to execute a perfect hamstring stretch.Ooh la freaking la.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Spread your legs.” His voice was deep and dark, the glow in his eyes feral. This was what he’d looked like on the field tonight. Running the plays. Focused on the job.Dominant. Decisive. Certain.Male.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|The noise of his zip was like the drag of a fingernail down her spine, and Juliet moaned, helpless to stop, as he pushed first his jeans, then his underwear, down and off. He stood tall and proud in front of her, his abs taut, his shoulders back, his stare still fixed between her legs, dark and hooded and intense.His nudity was breathtaking, his cock jutting out thick and hard as he shoved his hands on his hips. It was a thoroughly arrogant pose. Like a prince. Or a feudal Lord. And her body responded in kind, waiting with baited breath for his next royal command, his next move. Knowing she’d do just about anything for him in this moment with the wild beat of her pulse echoing though her ears and her gut and the slick heat at her heart.Open her mouth. Roll over. Get on all fours. Beg.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|I saw you on that field tonight, you rugby guys look like you were born knowing how to fuck.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|There have to be rules though.” She pulled out of the kiss, withdrawing her finger as well, sliding it down his chin and throat, leaving a wet trail. “Rules?” Her gaze locked with his. “This can only be sex. Just seven weeks of utterly debauched, completely strings-free sex.” Her finger moved south, swirling around first one nipple then the other. “No expectations. No commitments. No getting attached. No crying like a baby and asking me not to leave.”Ryder laughed at the thought, but there was a husky catch to it as her finger trailed down his abdomen. “I’m not going to fall in love with you,” she continued. “And you’re not going to fall in love with me. I will not give up my dream again, Ryder. Not for you, not for any man. Okay?
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|His woman. Part of her knew she should object to the wording. She wasn’t his woman. They weren’t together like that. But the heaviness between her legs was blooming into something much fuller and fuck it, she liked the way it sounded on his lips while he pinned her to the railing and publically groped her.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Shhh,” he whispered, his breath hot at her ear. His cock was hot too, poised at her entrance. “Like this. I want to fuck you just like this. From behind. With your clothes on and your tits out and people on the street below completely oblivious. Stay really quiet.” He flexed then and pushed himself inside her but not all the way. “Oh god yes, fuuuuck.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|They think they’re having such a good time,” he continued, whispering in her ear as he pulled out again. The two men didn’t seem to be in any hurry to move on that was for sure, standing on the wide path fronting the beach, having a loud, seemingly amusing conversation.“They’re wrong.” His hands squeezed her breasts as he slid home again, inch by slippery inch. “Nothing is as good as being inside you.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|I just don’t understand why they’d think we were together, when I’m leaving the country to live on the other side of the planet in a month?”It was Ryder’s turn to snort. “Well gosh, I don’t know Juliet. Maybe your hand on my cock was a clue.”She sucked in a breath, her eyes glittering now. “They could not see that!”“They didn’t have to,” he bit out. “We were practically humping each other at the table.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|So, let me get this right.” He braked at a traffic light and yanked at the edges of his bow tie, reefing the knot undone, leaving the tails flapping open. “You’re pissed at me because my friends don’t think you’re just some kind of fuck buddy?
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Calm down?” Her voice went really low, her eyes glittering. “Don’t tell me to calm down. I’m so freaking horny at the moment all I want to do is fuck. You got a problem with that?”Her words slammed into his groin. He should have a problem with it. She was pissed at him but still perfectly fine with using him. There was something really fucked up about that. Unfortunately, no part of Ryder had a problem with it.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|This what you want, huh?” He pulled her hips off the wall with his spare hand to fit snug against his body. “Me using you like this?” His head lowered to her other breast, replacing the pinching with suction, soothing the stinging tip as his fingers tortured the other. Yes. This. Them using each other. That was what she wanted. What the hell was wrong with that? The irrational anger she’d felt in the car boiled up in her again. “Fuck you,” she panted, grounding her head and shoulder blades against the wall as her left hand ploughed into his hair and she twisted her fingers hard. He didn’t even flinch and that just made her madder.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She's a dark-eyed, red flame, bohemian hurricane.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I swear that girl was born with a pen in her hand, the moon in her hair and stars in her soul.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you don’t fight for your dreams, you won’t earn anything. If you don’t anything, you will beg for everything.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|When you receive what you begged for, it only lasts for a short time. But what you build day after day will stay on for posterity to meet. Be a world changer and work out your dreams.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Success if yours. Ask for it, stand for it, fight for it and go for it. After you are done, give thanks for it.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Hard work is never a punishment. If you see it so, you may not do it with the right attitude.
Israelmore Ayivor, Let's Go to the Next Level|If you copy my dreams, you automatically will copy my challenges too. My success will give you a crown. My challenges will make you frown.
Israelmore Ayivor, Let's Go to the Next Level|Losing excess fats through exercise is important, but losing useless friends is urgent. Treat urgent things first!
Israelmore Ayivor, Let's Go to the Next Level|If you fail, you will be sad. But if you quit, you will be mad. Don't give up on your dreams. Get up. You can do it!
Israelmore Ayivor, Let's Go to the Next Level|Consistency is the belt that fastens excellence in position. If you don't do it repeatedly, you'll not excel in it.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|You are serving someone for the rest of your life, not knowing a time must come when you must also be served.
Paulo Coelho|But we must never forget that spiritual experience is above all a practical experience of love. And with love, there is no rules. (….) The heart decides, and what it decides is all that really matters.
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|Talk is cheap for the man who boasts his worth, you don't have to take my word to know who i am.
Robin Alexander, Pitifully Ugly|So, Shannon,” she said as she put on her seat belt. “Tell me all about yourself.” I hated to hear that question. Just once, I wished I had the girlballs to say, I work for the federal government in a department that I cannot disclose, but I can tell you that I’m trained to kill using nothing more than a toothpick. So when you say you’ll call, you damn well better do it...
Sōseki Natsume, I Am a Cat|But facts, remembered or not, are all, alas, still facts
Sarah Rajkotwala, The Year of Talking to Plants: The Plants and Fairies Talk in Their Own Words|Everything is conspiring to make your life better, in all ways.- Sarah Rajkotwala
a wicked|What did you do before?” “I used to run a lot.”“Cross country? Track?”“From the cops, actually.
Stephanie Lahart|She’s an original! She doesn’t need to compete, copy, or envy other women. The confidence that’s within her won’t allow her to stoop that low. She’s a Queen! And jealousy isn’t something that she cares to entertain. Insecurity isn’t in her DNA. She shines! She succeeds! She’s a quality woman with purpose! She empowers, inspires, motivates, and celebrates other women. But depending on how you feel about yourself, you’ll either admire and respect her or hate on her. Listen, it’s okay to acknowledge other Queens! Don’t be an undercover hater. Have self-confidence and allow YOUR light to shine.
Jonathan Page Acabo|In the heights of emotional distress, sometimes your loved ones can’t fill the answers you are longing for to wipe away the tears in your eyes, it’s your friends, somehow, that un-noticeably comforted you. It is to them you could share your hidden sentiments that you are trying to conceal.
Jonathan Page Acabo|Friends are more than your special loved ones – in certain cases. Because of their support in certain matters, you get inspired. Sometimes it’s our friends that we acquire a huge amount of strength which encouraged us to do things to pursue our personal goals. It is because friends are open-minded and they understand how you feel. Hence, we can’t deny the fact that there were certain times that our loved ones (parents) never show support sometimes in whatever things we would like to achieve. But our friends does.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|When you fall into darkness do not spend all your energy and light rather than to remain in darkness,
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|Neither your work to be with insensible, nor their work to be with you.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|The most upsetting thing about Society’s attitude towards disabled people is that many millions of disabled people became disabled while trying to please Society, the very same bitch that secretly regards them as subhuman.
Stephanie Lahart|#TeamLightSkin vs. #TeamDarkSkin… REALLY, are you serious? To the black females that participate in this garbage, shame on you! Yes, I said it and I won’t take it back. After all that we’ve been through as a race regarding the light-skinned niggers versus the dark-skinned niggers, you’re actually keeping this garbage up? It’s time to wake up my Beautiful Black Queens! Educate yourself and know your history. This shouldn’t be something that we’re entertaining. WE are #TeamMelanin! Period. Enough of the foolishness! Respect yourself. Respect our race. We should be building one another up, not tearing each other down. Melanin is Exquisite Beauty in EVERY shade. Together, WE are strong, unstoppable, and powerful. Enough is enough! I encourage you to stop participating in things that keep us divided. Real Talk!
Kimberly McCreight, The Outliers|So much of what people believe makes no sense, Wylie.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Your looks will introduce you, but your character and personality will make them to like you,love you and they would want to keep you.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Success is yours, and what is yours you don’t beg for it, you don’t kneel down for it. You just have to be responsible and go for it and you will have it.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Some of us were brought into this troubled world primarily or only to increase our fathers’ chances of not being left by our mothers, or vice versa.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Many a survivor of a plane crash who is or was against cannibalism and had never eaten human flesh once found themselves in a situation where they had to either eat human flesh, or go the way of all flesh.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Many if not most slaves would have each readily jumped, and many if not most slaves would each readily jump, at the opportunity to be a master, if such an opportunity presents or had presented itself.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Just like how most if not all poor boys look up to and aspire to someday be rich men, most if not all underdeveloped and developing countries look up to and aspire to someday be developed countries.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|To ask a man whether or not he has a girlfriend is to talk about his sex life. If you disagree with that, then how in the name of God do you differentiate between a man’s girlfriend and a girl that is a friend to the man?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|As we all know, as if forever exploiting or attempting to exploit each other were not enough, a group of sane human beings who have just reached the end of a war against a common enemy of theirs will sooner or later start or continue killing and/or fighting against each other.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|In reality most human beings are not, to most human beings, more important than money.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|For their never-ending endeavours to obtain or retain wealth, countries desperately need companies, because they—unlike most human beings—have the means of production, and human beings, because they—unlike all companies—have the means of reproduction.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Most sane human beings who have managed to attain and retain fame each uses it to dramatically increase their name’s chances of being remembered until Jesus comes back, since their heart cannot do what they consciously or unconsciously lust for, that is to say, for it to beat until Jesus returns.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Although they probably know that some children were used and some children are used as miners, most adults are ignorant of the chocolate industry’s use of minors.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|There is nothing morally wrong with buying stolen goods, unless you know that they were stolen.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Millions of business people are each constantly forced to choose between their desire to not be a bad person and their desire to be a good business person, that is to say, to make as much money as they possibly can by maximizing their revenue while minimizing the cost of producing whatever it is that they sell.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|We, in the interest of the so-called progress, have been persuaded to leave the production and at times the cooking of our food to companies whose owners and employees make a living by exploiting our busyness or laziness and our innate hunger to continue living.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Many a parent, sad to say, has used their child as an opportunity for them, the parent, to do, through their child, something or some of the things that they, the parent, did not do or did not do successfully.
Radclyffe, Oath of Honor|Dearly beloved...The president’s daughter and Cameron Roberts faced each other, hands lightly clasped, eyes locked.I, Blair Allison Powell, take you, Cameron Reed Roberts, to be my friend, my lover, the mother of my children, and my wife. I will be yours in times of plenty and in times of want, in times of sickness and in times of health, in times of joy and in times of sorrow, in times of failure and in times of triumph. I promise to cherish and respect you, to care for and protect you, to comfort and encourage you, and to stay with you, for all eternity.A willowy blonde stepped to Blair’s side, and Blair lifted a gleaming gold band from her palm. She lifted Cam’s left hand and slid the ring securely on her third nger. With this ring, I thee wed.Cameron Roberts’s gaze never wavered from Blair’s face, her voice ringing strong and clear. I, Cameron Reed Roberts, take you, Blair Allison Powell, to be my friend, my lover, the mother of my children, and my wife. I will be yours in times of plenty and in times of want, in times of sickness and in times of health, in times of joy and in times of sorrow, in times of failure and in times of triumph. I promise to cherish and respect you, to care for and protect you, to comfort and encourage you, and to stay with you, for all eternity.Roberts accepted the matching ring from a young dark-haired woman who leaned on a plain wood cane, and slipped it onto Blair’s nger. With this ring, I thee wed.An anticipatory breath shuddered through the crowd. Six uniformed of cers, the Guard of Honor, stepped in sync to form a path from the proceedings area, facing one another in a line, white-gloved hands on shining saber hilts.By the power vested in me by the United States Army, the President of the United States, and the Commonwealth of...The three male and three female of cers drew their swords with a slick of steel, their blades raised and touching to form the Arch of Sabers....I pronounce you wed.The couple kissed, the crowd clapped...
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|When selecting a one-night stand, a heterosexual woman who is materialistic is a trillion times more likely to choose a sexually unattractive poor man who seems rich over a sexually attractive rich man who seems poor.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|As an unavoidable result of the inevitable loss of some physical and/or some mental abilities, many a man who has been alive for many years has become a boy again.
Suzanne Steele, Stray|The only time a woman should be referred to as a slut is never, unless it's her kink.
Ann Rule, The Stranger Beside Me: Ted Bundy The Shocking Inside Story|And, like all the others, I have been manipulated to suit Ted’s needs. I don’t feel particularly embarrassed or resentful about that. I was one of many, all of us intelligent, compassionate people who had no real comprehension of what possessed him, what drove him obsessively.
Stephanie Lahart|Spoil me differently! Spoil me with your love, honesty, and commitment. Spoil me with respect, honor, and appreciation. Spoil me with engaging conversations. Spoil me with your attentiveness. Spoil me by being kind, understanding, and genuine. Spoil me with laughter and let’s create memorable memories together. Spoil me by giving me your heart wholeheartedly. Spoil me baby, and I vow to do the same. Material things are okay, but nothing compares to knowing and feeling that you’re genuinely loved. Any man can buy a woman gifts, but it takes a special King to love his Queen properly.
Ann Rule, The Stranger Beside Me: Ted Bundy The Shocking Inside Story|I had long since managed a degree of detachment when dealing with photographs from homicide cases. They no longer upset me as they once did, although I make it a point not to dwell on them. By the time I stood in Shirley Lewis’s office, I had seen thousands of body pictures. I had seen pictures of Kathy Devine and Brenda Baker in Thurston County, but that was months before it was known there was a “Ted.” Of course, there were no bodies to photograph in the other Washington cases, and I had had no access to Colorado or Utah pictures. Now, I was staring down at huge color photographs of the damage done to girls young enough to be my daughters—at pictures of damage alleged to be the handiwork of a man I thought I knew. That man who only minutes before had smiled the same old grin at me, and shrugged as if to say, “I have no part of this.” It hit me with a terrible sickening wave. I ran to the ladies’ room and threw up.
Ann Rule, The Stranger Beside Me: Ted Bundy The Shocking Inside Story|In all human endeavors that deal with what is unthinkable, too terrible to be dealt with squarely, we turn to what is familiar and regimented: funerals, wakes, and even wars. Now, in this trial, we had gone beyond our empathy with the pain of the victims and our niggling realization that the defendant was a fragmented personality. He knew the rules, he even knew a great deal about the law, but he did not seem to be cognizant of what was about to happen to him. He seemed to consider himself irrefragable. And what was about to happen to him was vital for the good of society. I could not refute that. It had to be, but it seemed hollow that none of us understood that his ego, our egos and the rituals of the courtroom itself, the jokes and the nervous laughter were veiling the gut reactions that we should all be facing. We were all on “this railroad train running …
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Some women think being arrogant, selfish, bitter and looking down on others are qualities of being an Independent, strong, powerful and successful business women. No matter how high you are in life. Never look down on others and never forget humanity.
Stephanie Lahart|Some of my Black sistas don’t know any better, so I’d like to give them some enlightening food-for-thought. Many of them are in awe when it comes to Michelle Obama. They admire and celebrate her intelligence and beauty. For many Black women, she’s a positive and powerful role model. Our former First Lady is phenomenal to say the least! She’s a lawyer, writer, and she fearlessly wears many other hats with integrity and grace. But, here’s what I’d like to point out: If you can admire and celebrate her, why can’t you do the same for YOUR family and friends? Why is it that when people that you personally know obtain degrees, start a successful business, buy a home, are financially secure, happily married, etc… Here you go hatin’ on them. Why can’t you genuinely be happy for them and share in their greatness? I encourage you to celebrate the Black women around you, too!
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Our government says people must not take law in their own hands, But has given the law in the hands of people who in power. That is why people who are in power are always corrupt, arrogant, violent, Aggressive, selfish, and don't care about anyone. They get away with all the bad things they do that Is criminating unlawful and injustice
Karl Wiggins, Dogshit Saved My Life|Maxims of Ptahhotep spoke a lot of sense; 'Do not be arrogant because of your knowledge, but confer with the ignorant man as with the learned. Good speech is more hidden than malachite, yet it is found in the possession of women slaves at the millstones.' Now THAT I’ll give the green light to. The opinions, eloquence and articulacy of the man or woman on the street can often be as invaluable as precious stones.
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|With a few notable exceptions, state and local government officials had completely failed to do their jobs. Official incompetence, bureaucratic inertia, neglect, and the desire to protect abortion from a harsh spotlight whatever the cost caused needless deaths and injuries. The grand jury's conclusion was damning: Kermit Gosnell murdered and maimed with impunity for thirty years because virtually no one did his job properly.
Stephanie Lahart|Black Fatherhood is an incomparable gift to Black men that truly comprehend what it means to be called dad, daddy, father, or pops. What a privilege it is to raise a child with patience, understanding, communication, support, encouragement, friendship, guidance, and unconditional love. It is an absolute honor!
Chinese Proverb|Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|Pennsylvania gave Gosnell carte blanche for the next seventeen years. With every license extension and slipshod inspection, state health regulators sent a message: do what you like, because no matter what you do, we won’t bother you, and we don’t care whom you kill or injure along the way.
Stephanie Lahart|Inspire, celebrate, and empower our Black males. Support them in becoming confident, intelligent, strong, capable, and powerful Black men, teens, and boys. There’s GREAT power in Black male positivity!
Mekiah Johnson|No matter how weird we all are, were still human.
Ace Antonio Hall, Lord of the Flies: Fitness for Writers|When Learning to "LOVE YOURSELF", you attract two types of energies: Lovers & Haters. Lovers should take you higher, haters should inspire. Both should give you fire to illuminate your environment.
Piper Payne|Pain writes the words, sorrow wields the pen, tears wet the paper, and the story mends the heart.
Anthony Douglas|All life deserves respect, dignity, and compassion.
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|So the incompetents in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania’s state capital, knew or should have known that, even by their own lax rules, Gosnell should not have been carrying out abortions—but they didn’t care.
Stephanie Lahart|I’m a Black woman. Empowered, powerful, and greatness.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Non lo avevo mai compreso. Era ottimista sempre e io ... io mi lasciavo trascinare dalle emozioni, mi si abbattevano addosso senza poterci fare nulla.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Quando per tanti anni ti leghi ad una persona, tranciare il filo che ti tiene avvinta è impossibile. Il filo delicato diviene una catena con lucchetti a doppia mandata e non esiste modo per liberarsi del ricordo, del sentimento che ti fa battere il cuore, incendiare il sangue e amare il passato che ti fa sentire ancora viva.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Non c'era bisogno di parole, c'era bisogno di abbracci sinceri.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Aveva l'animo della scrittrice pazza con tutti i suoi sbalzi d'umore, le sue insicurezze.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Non sapevo controllare i sentimenti, li sentivo sempre troppo prepotenti e forti e mi ferivano.
Mary McCarthy|We all live in suspense, from day to day, from hour to hour; in other words, we are the hero of our own story.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|We may not stay quick, If we are weak or sage, but a lot can squeak As we start to age.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Avrei voluto entrargli nei pensieri, scivolare lenta sotto i suoi silenzi e perdermi nel suo mondo.
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|When once a certain class of people has been placed by the temporal and spiritual authorities outside the ranks of those whose life has value, then nothing comes more naturally to men than murder.—SIMONE WEIL
Ann McElhinney|The prosecutors squarely confronted the grisly results of abortion. And they discovered that nobody really wanted to talk about it. In fact, they learned first hand how blinkered the medical profession could be when it came to abortion. Among the unpleasant surprises they encountered early on in the investigation was the nearly universal unwillingness of doctors to help them. Hardly anyone wanted to talk. A few were sympathetic but balked at testifying. Many more weren’t so kind. Medical professionals didn’t want to contribute to any official proceeding that might shine a negative light on abortion. The prosecutors were encountering the same reluctance to speak up and do the morally and ethically right thing that had allowed Gosnell to continue killing for years.
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|...for Taggart, learning the reality of abortion for the first time was shocking. “Even if it’s done right, it’s barbaric,” he told us. “I’m no holy roller, but if you see the way they actually have to do it, it’s barbaric.” The learning experience was one shared by Wechsler, Pescatore, Wood, and the rest of the team.
Milo Yiannopoulos, Dangerous|I’m a fire-starter and troublemaker who started out as an obscure British tech blogger and rose to infamy as one of America’s most in demand speakers on college campuses. The appearance of my expensive shoes and frosted tips and the sound of my laughter ringing across university quads has forced professors, journalists, directors, activists and musicians to realize something no liberal in America has understood for a long time: emotions do not trump facts.
Milo Yiannopoulos, Dangerous|I am: a critical voice in the pushback against political correctness, and a free-speech fundamentalist defending the public’s right to express themselves however they please. Young conservatives and libertarians respond to me because I say the things they wish they could.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Perché era così difficile dire "mi mancherai" oppure "ti voglio bene"? Cosa c'era che non andava in queste frasi? Perché l'orgoglio mi terrorizzava a tal punto da congelarmi ogni parola sulla lingua? Avrei voluto essere più sfacciata e invece non riuscivo a dirgli cosa provavo, come se fosse una debolezza imperdonabile voler bene a qualcuno.
Sian B. Claven|It didn’t look like a solid hand; it looked like paper, almost transparent in the light. Just as suddenly the hand was pulled back and the window went black.
Edgar Allan Poe|At midnight, in the month of June, I stand beneath the mystic moon.
Dmitry Glukhovsky, Metro 2033|El ser humano ha sido siempre un asesino muy superior al resto de criaturas".
Farshad Asl|Leadership is not always about your power, it's all about your ability to empower, encourage, and elevate others
Sara Dardikh, Baci nell'ombra|Non so per quale motivo, ma con lui mi escono dalla bocca tutti i pensieri che tengo rinchiusi nel mio cervello.
Sara Dardikh, Baci nell'ombra|Ha dato tutto per scontato, ha dato per scontato che fossero solo parole dette a caso senza fare lo sforzo di ascoltare e capire. Le parole non sono solo lettere, le parole fanno male e rendono felici allo stesso tempo.
Alexandre Dumas|Dite all’Angelo che veglierà sulla vostra vita, Morrel, di pregare qualche volta per un uomo che, simile a Satana, per un momento si è creduto simile a Dio e ha riconosciuto, con tutta l’umiltà di un cristiano, che nelle mani di Dio soltanto sta il supremo potere e la infinita sapienza
Sara Dardikh, Baci nell'ombra|Amo stare da sola : io, i miei libri e i miei pennelli, lontana dal resto della gente che trovo sempre inutile.
Sara Dardikh, Baci nell'ombra|L'essere notata non mi va a genio, questo mi pare chiaro.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Parfois, écrire se rapproche de la chute libre : vos doigts s'agitent sur le clavier comme vos jambes dans le vide.
Jimvirle/Jinvirle|Love is not blind, lovers can see what others cannot see.
Piper Payne|He knows her like man knows earth, touching the surface but unaware of her depth.
Sara Dardikh, Baci nell'ombra|Lui continua a scusarsi e a elencarmi la sua lista di problemi, senza rendersi conto che il vero problema non sono la scuola o gli amici o chissà. Il problema sono i ricordi. Nessuno di noi due parla di lei da anni ormai, perché fa sempre male ricordare. Ma io mi domando : fa più male ricordare o fingere di non ricordare?
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Avete mai amato così intensamente, spontaneamente, meravigliosamente da non poter conoscere altro amore? Da trasformare quell'amore in un amletico tormento? Da restare avvinghiati a una promessa per l'eternità?
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|La promessa diventa un dolce pensiero che allevia la distanza e supera il tempo, poi un ricordo che si perde lento ma conserva il sogno, poi la rinuncia per paura che non sia altro che un sogno. Ma quando ami, quando ami davvero, basta un momento, uno sguardo, fosse pure solo un'immagine sbiadita tra la pioggia, e si riaccende tutto.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Come potremmo vivere senza un amore e che importanza ha se questo amore sfugge la realtà, sembra solo un'idea impossibile alla quale ci aggrappiamo con le unghie e con i denti e teniamo viva con la forza del pensiero?
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Io mi sono sempre lasciata attraversare dalle emozioni, investire con rabbiosa furia, ferirmi nella tormentosa lotta alla sopravvivenza.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Nel profondo avrei tanto voluto tagliare il filo che mi teneva avvinta ai miei tredici anni, reciderlo dalla radice, ma questa quercia millenaria aveva affondato le sue innumerevoli ramificazioni intorno all'anima e stringeva così forte, da inchiodarmi al terreno dei ricordi.
C. Mack Lewis|After earning a degree in Marketing at Auburn University, I spent the next five years in the business world, which is a polite way of saying that I had eleven jobs in a five-year period, including door to door sales, skip tracing people who didn’t want to be found, repossessing cars and collecting on defaulted student loans. During this five-year period, I did an in-depth study of abnormal psychology and sociopathic behavior – and then I divorced him.
Sara Dardikh, Baci nell'ombra|Riuscirò anch'io a realizzare i miei sogni? C'è un piccolo burrone tra la realtà e i sogni, il problema è riuscire a oltrepassarlo senza caderci dentro, a volte diventa difficile e si viene risucchiati dal mondo.
Ranata Suzuki|Every quote, every book, every film seemed to suggest that ‘one day’ someone would come into my life and love me with an intensity and a passion I had never experienced before. And to their credit they were right; It all came and went so fast it really did feel as if it were just ‘one day’....
Gabrielle Dubois|The reader leaves his mark on the book, as the book leaves its mark on the reader.
Ranata Suzuki|It’s the intricate details you miss the most. For me, it’s the soft lines around the eyes when he smiles… Or that look he gave me sometimes that I cannot begin to describe - but I would know it if I saw it again.It was the look that gave him away.I’d know that look anywhere…It used to be my everything.
Ranata Suzuki|Like so many others my story begins with that same old line…. ‘So anyway, there was this guy….’ Until one day…. there wasn’t.And nothing was ever the same after that….
Ranata Suzuki|Though life has fated that we never cross paths again, don’t ever feel alone. For we are parallel …. and I will always be by your side.
Ranata Suzuki|I believe in love at first sight…But it’s not the first moment you lay eyes on a person, it’s the moment you first see the person they truly are.
Ranata Suzuki|In a way, it was the same as any normal break up. You took what was yours …. and I kept what I’d had from before we were together…You took my heart …. and I had nothing…
Ranata Suzuki|I still remember that feeling of walking somewhere confidently, seeing him mid stride and putting my foot down just fine… but feeling like I stumbled.
Ranata Suzuki|They say the truth hurts. And these words hurt more than any I have ever written. But they are the truth – The cold, hard, undeniable truth.Not letting go doesn’t keep him with you.It’s still over. He’s still gone.… And nothing will ever change that.
Ranata Suzuki|Perhaps I was easier to shake off for you because you’re such a together person. I was just an extra layer on the outside… like a blanket you could shrug off and feel just the same…. except maybe a little colder….But I was always a broken person that was haphazardly held together by little more than my own strength. And so you just seeped in the cracks and mingled with my insides until you became an inseparable part of me. And as painful as that is, it still kind of warms me to know I will always carry a part of you with me.
Ranata Suzuki|When we’re young, we think that Love and Hate live on opposite sides of the street from one another; But as we get older we realise they’re actually next door neighbours with paper thin walls.
Mekiah Johnson|I refuse to be put in a cage that gleams golden for many, but bronze for me. I would much rather be a dove in the sky, flying out into the open, into the sky, into the beyond.
Chris Mentillo|When looking for a job, ignore (don't even bother with them) those companies who expect you to literally do everything for them and also fail to mention anything about your pay. This is a huge red flag. Run as fast as you can and don't look back.
François Quesnay|Laissez faire, laissez passer.
Nicole  Lyons, Hush|She is of the strangest beauty and the darkest courage, and when she walks with intent the earth trembles beneath her feet.
nom de plume|Banyak orang berkata jika rindu itu pahit, aku curiga mereka menyimpan rindu di empedu bukan dihati.
Stephanie Lahart|I’m an Exquisite Black Queen! I like, love, and celebrate myself. I don’t fit society’s beauty standards, but I’m beautiful to me. I know my worth and I respect who I am as a woman. I’ve got beauty on the inside and that makes me empowered and powerful. I’m fearless and comfortable in my own skin. I’ve got flaws, but I’m still confident! This Queen right here is flawed yet phenomenal, valuable and unique!
Don Roff|Creativity and intelligence, rather than violence, are the best problem solvers.
Mohith Agadi|Today, I am doing well in every aspect of my life. But, this is only because I've realized that I can do it.
Harrish Sairaman|There are only 2 things in this world, you and the rest of you. When this becomes ‘one’ you are enlightened.
Harrish Sairaman|There are no crash courses on ‘enlightenment’, you only crash in a course like that.
Tracey Reddick|If you can't talk about, write about it!
Dominic Riccitello|I stopped writing in the obvious. I wrote how I saw it and if they don’t understand it, that’s fine.
Chris Mentillo, A True Tale of Horror|Don't let your past dictate your future,
Basma Salem, The Art Of Black|You draw characters speaking loud and clear but you’re not hearing them.” her mother told her, then she kissed her forehead and mumbled how she liked her art and went downstairs. Cecilia wrote these words on her bedroom wall, just behind her headboard for no one to see it but herself to know that it exists.
Avishek Mondal|Be the decision, not ego.
Harrish Sairaman|Every complaint is just another opportunity to learn about the person better. Get curious, not angry!
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|...един добър мъж е толкова силен, колкото е нужно на подходящата за него жена.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|...As if you have discovered a beach you have been visiting all your life is made not of sand but of diamonds, and they blind you with their beauty...Diamonds might be blinding in their beauty, but they were also the hardest and sharpest gems in the world. They could cut you or grind you down, smash and slice you apart. Malcolm, deranged with love, had not thought of that. But Julian could think of nothing else.
Sweara Ahmed|So, the darkness hid the little girl in herself,to protect her from the wolves with the human mask on their faces.
Fran Greene|Life is not a dress rehearsal. Finding love is all about taking a risk, taking control of your social life, and knowing that you won't waste today because tomorrow is a gift.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Life is a process during which one initially gets less and less dependent, independent, and then more and more dependent.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some people avoid thinking deeply in public, only because they are afraid of coming across as suicidal.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some people hate people who are overconfident, only because their overconfidence reminds them of their underconfidence.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A premature death does not only rob one of the countless instances where one would have experienced pleasure, it also saves one from the innumerable instances where one would have experienced pain.
Rian Prasetia, @sekadar_coretan|bila tanganku tak mampu lagi menyentuhmu, maka biarlah doa menggantikannya
Rian Prasetia, @sekadar_coretan|merindukanmu adalah indahnya rasa, yang sukar kusembunyikan keresahannya
Rian Prasetia, @sekadar_coretan|pada akhirnya yang pergi akan kembali,entah pada pelukan, atau pada masing-masing kenangan
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Original sin and conscious awareness of human fallibility is the perpetual agent of transformation in human affairs. Humankind’s behavior is pathological; it is an admixture of instinct and reason, kindness and cruelty, immorality and seeking redemption.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|If we were not impressed by job titles, suits, and jargon, we would demand that financial advisors show us their personal bank statements before they tell us what we could or should do with our own money.
Tanya Gambhir|She was his dawn of bliss He was her dusk of wounds,Each day they came up to See and touch They couldn't stay for long But they looked perfect together ~
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|In some cases, you can tell how somebody is being treated by their own boss from the way they are treating someone to whom they are a boss.
Susan Ee|I have better things to do.’‘Like what?’He opens one eye and looks at me. ‘Like convince a stubborn girl to admit she’s madly in love with me.’I can’t help but smile.‘So if it’s not a pig farm that you want, what is it?’ he asks.I swallow. ‘How about a safe place to live where we don’t have to scrounge for food or fight for it?’‘It’s yours.’‘That’s it? All I have to do is ask?’‘No. There’s a price for everything.’‘I knew it. What is it?’‘Me.
Emily Fridlund, History of Wolves|Of course, things always seem more impressive when you're a little kid.
Carl R White|They say the distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success, I believe you can say the same thing about the distance between good and evil.
Bernard Jan|Passion in every word I wrote, passion in every single thought.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some people are each holding on to a lover of theirs who no longer loves them and/or who they no longer love, only because they do not want to have a reason or another reason to be jealous of the person who would eventually be their lover if they let go of them.
Mohith Agadi|There's something better than an 'excuse' for your mistake, which is 'now you know how to stop it from happening again'.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|If my fall made you smile, you might not want to witness what's about to happen when I get up.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A relationship is likely to last way longer, if each partner convinces or has convinced themselves that they do not deserve their partner, even if that is not true.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|More often than not, an inspirational or motivational speaker is someone who makes money from telling us that we can do all of the things that we can do … and pretty much all of the things that we cannot do.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Adults who use big words in order to seem intelligent are annoying, especially those who are not intelligent.
E. smith sleigh, Post Structuralism and Related Quotes: from Jacques Derrida, Judith Kristeva, and Many Others|Post-structuralism is a reaction to structuralism and works against seeing language as a stable, closed system. It is a shift from seeing the poem or novel as a closed entity, equipped with definite meanings which it is the critic's task to decipher, to seeing literature as irreducibly plural, an endless play of signifiers which can never be finally nailed down to a single center, essence, or meaning.Jan Rybicki, 2003
Timothy Joshua|There is nothing betterthan us,making memories of us.
Louise Hay|Grief is a matter of the heart and soul. Grieve your loss, allow it in, and spend time with it. Suffering is the optional part. Love never dies, and spirit knows no loss. Keep in mind that a broken heart is an open heart.
Chris Mentillo, Weird Tales of Horror: "Stories From The Dead."|A woman does not become whole, until she has a baby.
Shaun Hick|At some point your candle will go out, so make use of the light.
Chris Mentillo|A women does not become whole, until she has a baby.
Tanya Gambhir|She knew he was gone when his " call me when you reach home " reduced to " bye " and his unsaid goodnight with kisses turned to " gn tc sd ". ~
Stephanie Lahart|Melanin is an incomparable beauty. From the lightest to the darkest skin tone, Black women and Black girls are exquisite beauty in every shade. Yes, Black females have that special something that just can’t be ignored. We are Melanin Queens, beautifully created! Respect the complexion.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry.
Nicole  Lyons|I kept you so well, buried beneath the darkest shame and stilled with filthy lies. Perhaps I should have dug deeper.
Caroline George, The Vestige|When you find a truth that surpasses your desire to fit trends and meet approval, you can be certain it’s worth fighting to spread.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most human beings strongly believe that money is way less important than the life of a human being, but in reality five hundred, fifty, or even five dollars are way more important to the lives of most human beings than the lives of most human beings.
Karin Kallmaker, The Kiss That Counted|...It's who you are. You're like a hummingbird, defying reality, a beautiful mystery, spreading your sweetness to all the needy flowers. Well, I'm no pretty garden blossom and I don't need your brand of sugar.
Caroline George, The Vestige|To cherish my purity and set boundaries are, in my opinion, the highest forms of feminism—a woman who saves her body proves she is strong and secure enough to resist the men who seek to claim her, that she’s more than what lies between her legs.
Caroline George, The Vestige|I twist and pin my hair at the nape of my neck, and then stand with legs wide. It’s what Nash told me to do before speaking because men, no matter how many times they profess women are equal, prefer to take direction from bodies like theirs.
Caroline George, The Vestige|You don’t know what love is until you find it,” he whispered, “but when you do, promise me you won’t let it go. Promise you’ll seek it out even when you’re scared it’ll hurt.
Robin Alexander, Patty's Potent Potion|Oh, dear God!” Janice bellowed and looked as though her neck was made of rubber as her head wobbled back and forth. Lou set the book back on the credenza as Janice stormed out. “Ashton, I’m sorry you had to witness that. As you well know, Mom has never been a pleasant woman. Since coming to live here, she’s been a nightmare on two legs. I’ve had her head examined, and there’s no tumor or disease to explain her behavior. The neurologist and our family doctor have simply diagnosed her as a chronic jackass.
Ace Antonio Hall|Premeditated anger is a bitch. Instead of saying, "Next time he does this, I will ... ", say, "Next time he does that, I will show him more patience and more love. That's premeditative love. She's much sexier!
Robin Alexander, Patty's Potent Potion|How was practice?" Shawna asked when Jet walked into the kitchen. "You must've worked hard again, you smell like a wet puppy." "We did." Jet grabbed a bottle of water from the refrigerator. " Your buddy said she was proud of us today." "That's good." Shawna smiled as checked on their dinner. " Are you starting to like her now?" I don't want to beat her with my flagpole anymore, but I wouldn't say I like her. Now your other friend is all up in the punch. Mrs. Scofield was at practice today passing out chocolate milk and telling us what to do with our glitter," Jet said and took a drink of her water. Shawna glanced at Jet. "What're you going to do with the glitter?" "Put it on my eyelids. Personally, I think we're gonna look like sparkly hookers, but makeup isn't my call...
Mohith Agadi|The worst thing that can happen to you today is "nothing" because anything else, either good or bad, can help you learn to live life to the fullest.
Tanya Gambhir|I am tired of all my emotionsI am tired of all your emotions,I don't want you to leaveI know you can't stay,I need you as much as you need me,But you need to walk awayand I need to watch you leave~
Adedayo Olabamiji|You don't need to be everyone, nothing is ever awesome than to be comfortable in your own skin.
Harper Bliss, At the Water's Edge|...I may seem like this flawless creature to you, someone with infinite wisdom and patience who always says the right thing, but, just like you—your parents—despite doing my best with what I have, I fail sometimes." A lone tear dangles from her eye. "And today is the fifth anniversary of my mother's death, so excuse me if I can't listen as attentively while you go on about how your parents screwed you up.
Harper Bliss, At the Water's Edge|...If only Dad hadn't cheated. If only Mom had found a way to be happier. If only Nina hadn't run away. If only I could deal with it better. 'If' and 'only' are the two most useless words in the human vocabulary, Dr. Hakim had made a habit of saying. They should never be used together in a sentence, because they speak of something that's beyond your ability to change. A waste of energy.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|More often than not, expecting to lose weight without first losing the diet that made the weight loss necessary is like expecting a pig to be spotless after hosing it down while it was still rolling in mud.
Ranata Suzuki|You’re everything to me. But at best, I’m just a memory to you.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Once you drop a mask, you can never wear it again.
Megyn Kelly, Settle for More|But if something that was good morphs into something that's not good - and is not changing back - one has to stay conscious of that too. Settling for more is not an endgame - it's an active process. It means staying aware of one's surroundings, because "more" is a fluid concept. Life changes, and requires that we change too.
Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness|Within each of us are two competing sides, a polarity of character. Only one leads to greatness.
Megyn Kelly, Settle for More|I love my job and the excitement and challenges it offers. But my job does not define me. If this job ended tomorrow I'd find another way to find that glorious feeling of accomplishment. No employer or career choice "made" me. I made me...
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|The day he came home from the hospital, he cried. I held him. I thought he would never stop.I knew that a part of him would never be the same.They cracked more than his ribs.
Megyn Kelly, Settle for More|...the Cupcake Nation mentality - "Everyone's a winner!" - is so dangerous. When we try to protect the young from any vaguely uncomfortable ideas or encounters, we do them a grave disservice. Being tested by different viewpoints in my life, being sometimes offended or occasionally hurt, or even targeted, is a big part of what prepared me for the challenged I've faced in my career..,
Arshpreet Kaur|There is something strangely ecstatic, oddly fascinating and infinitely magnetic about unrequited love.
Robin Alexander, The Trip|She was walking toward the beauty shop when Shay came out the door moving fast. The first thing Jill noticed was Shay’s hair and how it appeared really big. As Shay drew closer, Jill realized she looked like she was wearing a mask with big blue streaks over the eyes and giant red pouty lips. “What happened to you?” Jill asked in shock. “I’m not sure,” Shay said, looking just as stunned. “One minute, I was reading a magazine, and the next, two women that looked like Dolly Parton descended on me like vultures. They started putting stuff on my face, then they did all kinds of things to my hair.” Anne walked out of the shop next; her Napoleon hat ’do rode higher than ever. Ella followed with her little red hair ball reinflated. “Doesn’t Shay just look beautiful?” Ella chirped. She looked like a hooker who’d just survived a wind tunnel, but Jill nodded and tried to smile.
Robin Alexander, The Trip|Let’s get to our site,” Anne said. “I’m gonna need a nap before the hunt…and lunch.” “Do you wish you would’ve gotten that rental car this morning?” Jill whispered as Anne and Ella settled into their seats. Shay nodded. “Uh-huh.” Jill had seen many campgrounds, but her jaw sagged, and her foot slipped off the gas pedal twice. Sally rolled on slowly as she stared at the cadre of camouflaged vehicles and tents. One man sat atop his RV in a lawn chair, his binoculars trained on the woods beyond. “They really do take this seriously,” Shay whispered in awe. “This is like a militaristic zone.” Jill backed into a slip covered with a quilt of netting and camouflage tarps strung from the trees high overhead. “What is the reason for all of this?” she asked. “The campground is designed to blend in with nature to be more welcoming to the Bigfoot,” Anne explained. “That’s what they told us when we checked in.” “Oh, is that it? Well, let me just craft a banner that says, ‘We come in peace or bite-sized pieces,”’ Jill said with a sardonic laugh.
Mekiah Johnson|You know what I absolutely hate?When people say "the first African-american to do this or the first native to do this" like, seriously, I don't care. At all. I care much more about what you do than the color of your skin. You are just another human being like everybody else.
Chloe Huang|If you're having a bad day, just remember, like my videos, life will only get better!
Kermit Roosevelt III, Allegiance|I feel an emptiness open in my chest, coupled with a strange downward pull in my throat. I think, this is my heart sinking.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|Vengeance ought to be spoken through gritted teeth, spittle flying, the cords of one's soul so entangled in it that you can't let it go, even if you try. If you feel it--if you really feel it--then you speak it like it's a still-beating heart clenched in your fist and there's blood running down your arm, dripping off your elbow, and you can't let go.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|We all have problems. Or rather, everyone has at least one thing that they regard as a problem.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Many a death was precipitated by the food, the job, or the medication whose main function was to postpone it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The rarest, truest beauty is visible only to the heart.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When in court, the primary role of lawyers is not to prove or disprove innocence; unbeknown to almost all lawyers and their clients, it is to save the court time.
Meeta Ahluwalia|I laughed, and cried, and then woke up.
Kermit Roosevelt III, Allegiance|But for a moment I stay there, suspended above the green swell of the land as though thrown up onto the crest of a wave, seeing for the first time a break in the at horizon. For this the boats crossed the ocean, the wagons climbed the mountain pass. For this the songs were sung with desert all around. This is what is given: the promise there is still a way, if we can find it, the promise we can always be renewed.
Carl R White|I find that love is confusing, lust is always definitive.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you were called to gallop like the horse, never end up hopping like the frog. Rise up for greatness.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The kind of lies that someone tells us gives us an idea of how stupid, knowledgeable, intelligent, or ignorant they are … or they think we are.
Giselle Fox, Sun Catcher: Book One|She flicked off the light and was about to step out onto the balcony when she heard a familiar sound. She smiled and went to the rail. “Now I’ve seen everything,” she whispered as Lexi climbed down onto the balcony. They looked at one another for a moment without saying a word. Cate felt her heart race as Lexi’s dark eyes penetrated through her mask like lasers. Lexi reached for her and pulled her inside.
Mohith Agadi|Good and Bad are like God and Devil. It's up to you, who do you want to summon.
Ranata Suzuki|It’s just never going to get any easier is it. It’s never going away, this missing you. It’s going to become a sadness I incorporate into myself – along with all the other sadnesses – and quietly carry around with me forever…
Ranata Suzuki|For you are you, and I am I, and once we were we… but as long as I exist and so do you – know that I will always love you.
Germany Kent|Don't live the same day over and over again and call that a life. Life is about evolving mentally, spiritually, and emotionally.
Ranata Suzuki|How do you love someone and just… walk away? Just like that. You just, go on as normal…. You get up, get dressed, go to work… How can you do that? How can you be okay with that?
Nicole  Lyons|Whatever it is that stirs your soul, listen to that. Everything else is just noise.
Shūsaku Endō, Silence|I, too, stood on the sacred image. For a moment this foot was on his face. It was on the face of the man who has been ever in my thoughts, on the face that was before me on the mountains, in my wanderings, in prison, on the best and most beautiful face that any man can ever know, on the face of him whom I have always longed to love. Even now that face is looking at me with eyes of pity from the plaque rubbed flat by many feet. « Trample ! » said those compassionate eyes. « Trample ! Your foot suffers in pain ; it must suffer like all the feet that have stepped on this plaque. But that pain alone is enough. I understand your pain and your suffering. It is for that reason that I am here. »« Lord, I resented your silence. »« I was not silent. I suffered beside you. »
Ace Antonio Hall, Lord of the Flies: Fitness for Writers|To fully encapsulate my creativity, I read to inhale, write to exhale. The whole process helps me breathe story.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Unless they are off duty, no matter how wide it is, and even when it is sincere, a smile seems fake if the job description of the person who is smiling includes smiling.
Mohith Agadi|While farmers contribute to our survival, let us also do our part by showing them respect in form of not wasting food.
Shūsaku Endō, Silence|« My heart is steadfast, O God, my heart is steadfast ! I will sing and make melody ! Awake my soul ! Awake, O harp and lyre ! I will awake the dawn. » In childhood these words had always risen in his mind when he watched the wind blow over the blue sky and through the trees ; but that was a time when God was not as now an object of fear and perplexity but one who was near to the earth, giving harmony and living joy. 
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Money has the power to get, all that you want.Money has the power to make you forget, all that you want.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|You cannot be truly humble, unless you truly believe that life can and will go on without you.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some social ills are preserved by the common misbelief that things such as ignorance, greed, and stupidity do not have the stamina required to reach old age.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A truly compassionate man gives a poor woman a portion of his meal before he eats, not after he has eaten.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some women’s greatest achievement is sleeping with a man who is rich, famous, and/or wanted by many women, whereas some women’s greatest achievement is refusing to sleep with such a man.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Make mistakes, a thousand of them because we are only humans.Never repeat your mistakes because we are humans.
Megyn Kelly, Settle for More|I’m new to money. I spent most of my existence without it. I know how to live frugally. If we were to lose it all tomorrow, we’d change our hours, move out of the city, and make other adjustments, just like my parents did. Money removes many stressors, but it has not changed my level of happiness, nor who I am. It changes how I spend my time.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Most important thing in life is family,Without them you are nothing.Whatever you do will be worth nothing,If there is no one to appreciate it.
Ranata Suzuki|She wears it so beautifully doesn’t she, her pain… Always smiling, always positive…. always happy to help… It’s like a garment perfectly tailored to fit the way she carries it… with a touch of grace… and the quietness of that sad smile…. All so you’d never know how heavy it really was.
Ranata Suzuki|It didn’t hurt me. Not “hurt”. Hurt is a four letter word. It’s short, almost cute sounding. Aawwww, did that hurt? No. It didn’t hurt. Destroyed, Obliterated, Desecrated, Annihilated, Demolished, Shattered, or Demoralised maybe… But no. It didn’t hurt me. It didn’t “hurt” me at all.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some people masturbate to temporarily replace their partners when they are absent, whereas some people do that to temporarily live in the present.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|With regard to things such as independence, mental capabilities, and sexuality, a very old man is nothing but a gigantic infant with white hair and wrinkles.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some of the people who hate me love some of the sentences that I have written, until they get to the name of the person to whom the sentences are attributed.
Scarlett Avery, Playful Temptation|If you read Scarlett Avery, you know it's an awesome read! - Mary Johnston
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A maid’s yard, house, wardrobe, fridge, etc. sometimes also serve as her master’s dustbin or dumpsite.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|If the food that one ate the night before were somehow able to be seen and identified through one’s clothes throughout the day, millions of employees would each fast ten or so days before their payday.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The human population would probably be way less than a thousand, if ejaculation were not usually accompanied by an orgasm.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|През дрипите прозира всеки грях,а мантии и шуби скриват всичко!
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|I have to go," I say, helpless.What makes you say the opposite of what every cell in your body wants you to say?
Mitta Xinindlu|If I'm wrong, correct me. If I'm right, recommend me.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|I will follow you, my love, to the edge of all our days,to our very last tomorrows.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|She sat in her perfect house, with her perfect husband, wishing that her perfect life would end.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|She found herselfover a long and treacherous roadand the more treacherous the road became,the more of herselfshe found.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|Don't worry— 	you see,  to some you are magic.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|Don't ask her to be a rock for you to lean uponinstead, build her wingsand point her to the skyand she will teach you both to fly.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|Poetry, is a life long war wagedagainst ineffable beauty.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|Chase your stars fool, life is short. 
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|There’s too much risk in loving,’the young boy said,‘no,’said the old man,‘there’s too much risk in not.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|It's a lonelything, protecting a breakable heart
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|Come, my darling,it is never too late to begin our love again.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|My atoms love you atoms, it’s chemistry. 
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|In this,journey,of reaching,to myself,I have had,many a,thoroughfares,goodbye affairs,reality checks,and,lovely overwhelms.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|With you alongside,Magic is,less a dictionary word,And more a,part of life.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|There is a very thin line of difference between a Pessimist and a Perfectionist. Both are scared to fail, strive for ideal but the only think unlike in the two is- Pessimist thinks it will last forever and Perfectionist knows it won't.
Ace Antonio Hall|Manifesting from self-Affirmations are like planting seeds in the ground. First, the seeds germinate. Then they sprout roots, and then they poke their flower chutes through the ground, showing the world that they are about to blossom and displaying to themselves the ability to break through resistance once the foundation, or the roots have been strengthened.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Give a man a finger, he’ll put a wedding ring on it!
Martijn Benders|I started this dirty quote business when I noticed that I only tend to read authors when their quotes convince me of wit and style. In a world overflowing with bad literature and corrupted product-placement critics the only weapon one has is either word of mouth or quotes, and me I highly prefer the latter. So I have just decided that I will only post to facebook through goodreads quotes. That's policy that makes a lot of sense for a writer.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Getting through life without a lot of money, possessions, and/or friends is admirable, especially if it is by choice.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Though people sort of need your permission to talk to you, they do not really need one to talk about you.
Victorine E. Lieske, Falling for the Beast: A modern-day Beauty and the Beast retelling|On impulse, he leaned over and brushed his lips against hers.
Victorine E. Lieske, Falling for the Beast: A modern-day Beauty and the Beast retelling|He gazed into her eyes. "I was never any good at saying no to you." He cupped her face and put his forehead to hers. "I was going to protest, and then give in." Aribelle smiled. "I hope you never get good at saying no to me.
Devlin De La Chapa on writing The HUSH Series|Many people want to live in an alternate world. As a writer, it’s my job to put them there.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|We envy people who are extremely old because we wish to live that long, not because we want to be that old.
Kamand Kojouri|Wake up. If your eyes are sleeping then wipe them gently. You need to be awake for this. It is a matter of life and death. Wake up! If your mind is sleeping then shake it quickly. You need to be awake for this. It is a matter of life and death. Wake up, I said! If your heart is sleeping then beat your chest! You need to be awake for life! You need to be awake for love! It is a matter of living and being alive.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|In the fall of leaves,In the hustle of breeze,In the curve of streams, I foresee,Nature keeps more concealed,Than it lets us peep!
Gregory David Roberts|Понякога трябва да се предадеш, за да победиш.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The real reason the number of things that are shared via social media every single minute is so astronomical is because, whenever they each do, most users do not share or say something because they believe they have something worth remembering; they do mainly or only because they fear being forgotten.
Unknown|Men, I say, but better to call them human spiders that go crawling in between and under the tables with rags in their hands, crushed humans...) Quotes from readers choice of MK Gandhi and his efforts to regenerate the human being,
K.D. Williamson|...it was actually the first time I’ve been shot at.” “Congrats? It’s New Orleans. I’m sure that won’t be the last, though it doesn’t sound like something to put on a cake.” “Greetin’ card either.
Stephanie Lahart|People that blatantly lie, cheat, steal, or manipulate other people to become successful seriously lack any kind of integrity. It amazes me how some people hold their head up high and walk around like they’re all of that, knowing that they wouldn’t be where they are today or have what they have if it wasn’t for some kind of corruption on their part. You shouldn’t have to do any of those things to get ahead. I am greatness! I vow to NOT compromise my character in any way, shape, or form while building my empire. I represent excellence and I have no desire to be anything less.
Stephanie Lahart|Black Moms create magic, so that makes me magical.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|By drinking, a boy acts like a man. After drinking, many a man acts like a boy.
Ellie Rowsell|I’m not really one to write simplistic and jovial lyrics, and while on the surface I can see how “Bros” is a happy song – a celebration of friendship and one’s younger years – I see a panic in the words. Particularly the bridge, which I think expresses the fear I had, not of growing up, but of growing up without Sadie. I don’t know which one of us started having trouble entering the Fourth World first – I’d like to think it was me because I was a year older, but I don’t think our age difference was mirrored in our maturity. Either way, I worried that once we entered reality as budding adults – no longer pretending to be “raised by wolves and other beasts” – we wouldn’t be together all the time.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Best of stories are created at Airports, Dinner Tables and Showers!
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Ако съдбата не те разсмива, ти просто не схващаш шегата.
Gregory David Roberts|Фанатиците винаги имат един такъв раздърпан, опулен вид. Приличат на хора, които не мастурбират, но непрекъснато мислят за това.
Stephanie Lahart|Some people take loyalty way too far. I have boundaries when it comes to loyalty. Yes, I’m loyal, but not to a fault. I cannot and will not compromise myself for other people’s senseless behavior. I have common sense, a great deal of wisdom, and I value my life. Loyalty shouldn’t cost you your integrity, freedom, or your life. Think!
Scarlett Avery, Delightful Temptation|Ms. Scarlett always delivers hot, sexy alphas and this isn't any different. Holy smokes, is this ever HOT! Love her writing and the way she spins a story but adds the HOT factor. Her alphas are phenomenal! - JC
Giselle Fox, Claire and the Lady Billionaire 6|Things had always seemed so simple when we were wrapped in each other, as if the pressures of our lives just fell away. But in one night, everything had changed. Johnathon's life hung in the balance and Bryce was gone. A media storm waited for us outside. It was impossible to ignore who the woman in my arms was. Silently, suffocatingly, the weight of her world pressed down on us. As I looked ahead, to the rest of the summer, to the fall and winter months beyond, I realized that nothing would be simple and perhaps never would be again.
Giselle Fox, Claire and the Lady Billionaire 5|I looked around the tiny bathroom, at the three of us crammed in. A billionaire, a movie star, and a small town girl. It was some sick lesbian twist on Gilligan's Island. I would have laughed but none of it was funny.
Giselle Fox, Claire and the Lady Billionaire 4|We are not so different, you and I," she said as if she was inside my thoughts. "We are flesh," she ran her finger down the center of my chest and circled around my breasts, "and bone," her hand traced a path down my abdomen and over the crest of my hip and down my thigh, "fire," her hand swept up my body and pressed against my beating heart, "and water," her hand trailed down and between my legs...
Giselle Fox, Claire and the Lady Billionaire 2|She slapped my shoulder playfully. "I've created a monster," she said, then she nestled into the chair and rested her head on my shoulder, "an adorable, sexy monster.
Swapna Rajput|A woman, she is born with the power to save and love, her existence is based on the truthfulness in her eyes.
Fozia Malik|When trust is broken,sorry means nothing.
Giselle Fox, Claire and the Lady Billionaire 5|Google billionaire lesbian, you'll find it right away," she said.
Fozia Malik|Do what is right,not easy or popular.
Fozia Malik|Lying is never the best option, but in some situations it is necessary.
Fozia Malik|Yesterday is not ours to recover,but tomorrow is ours.
Giselle Fox, Rare and Beautiful Things|I was sucked in by the blackness of her eyes. I was pulled under as she sank mercifully deep. I imagined her whole body playing inside mine, writhing up and down as I was filled and emptied. My deepest fire ignited then raged and finally exploded. My eyes were open when it happened. Nikki thundered down on me and rocked me in her arms until I stopped shaking. There was nothing more to save and nothing more to give. That sacred part of my soul was now and forever hers.
Giselle Fox, Rare and Beautiful Things|I’m going to tell you a story,” she whispered. “There once was a beautiful woman named Amber, who lived alone in a far away land between the sea and the sky. Anyone that passed by knew that Amber was special. But there was one who adored her most of all.” She paused and smiled down at me. “Whenever Amber went down to the ocean and bathed her body, whenever she dipped her long fingers into the waves, the mermaid that lived in the deep water beyond the reef would swim close and watch her. Each day the mermaid came a little closer until finally, she emerged from the water and said hello.” “Just like you did,” I whispered. “Shhh.” She held her finger to my lips. “When Amber saw the mermaid, she was very curious. More curious perhaps, than she’d ever been about anyone. The mermaid was even more curious about Amber. No other woman had ever seemed so perfect and so pure. Every time the mermaid looked at Amber her desire grew like wildfire. Amber hadn’t yet learned all the slippery ways of the world,” She said softly as she dipped her thumb between my lips. I sighed as she pressed into me. “The mermaid could tell that Amber was still afraid. So the mermaid decided to take a chance. She gave Amber a single kiss and hoped that Amber would see her for who she really was.
Chris Mentillo|With Eyes Like Charles Manson, a life similar to H.P Lovecraft, and lyrics like Edgar Allan Poe, Kurt Cobain was the master of horror in music.
Giselle Fox, Rock Candy|I had the dream again. I was leaning in the back corner of the elevator in my building looking down at the bundle of keys in my hand. Below my hand were the blurred outlines of my black leather lace-up boots and my frayed black jeans. There was ink all over my legs from the screen-printers in my shop. There was ink on the skin beneath the rips at my knee and my thigh where the rough edge of my work table had worn through... The detail was vivid, but there was an ethereal sparkle to everything around the edges. The periphery washed out of focus as if I was looking through a narrow lens... Then the elevator stopped and the door opened. A woman climbed on board. Her face was concealed behind large sunglasses. The realism of the dream became unsteady and I lost grip. The images became fleeting close-ups, stills, and sensations. She was looking at me and my heart began to race... A part of me worried that I was drunk and about to make an embarrassing pass at some poor woman from my building. But when I reached for her, she reached for me too... She pulled my hand down and then the elevator began to plummet. I realized I didn’t have much time. I was surrounded by her scent and warmth... I was so overwhelmed with the sensuality of everything that I lost myself in her... Then I watched her eyes fade into the blackness of my apartment as I woke up.
Giselle Fox, Claire and the Lady Billionaire 1|Do you still want me to call you Cleopatra?" I whispered softly with a smirk. She suppressed a laugh. "No!" She looked at me with serious eyes and I could see that she wasn't quite ready to tell me her secret. "It's okay," I said, "a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Mohith Agadi|It's ok if you can't level up, but It's not ok to level yourself down.
Giselle Fox, Rare and Beautiful Things|I sensed her before I saw her but I didn't scream. I remember thinking at the time that the split seconds before death were a quiet and still place. Her eyes were unapologetic, piercing and untamed. This is how it will end, I thought to myself with no sense of tragedy. It seemed complete and, in a way, romantic. But another second passed and then another. She released me from her hypnotic gaze and bent her beautiful head. And then with gentle flicks of her tongue began to drink from the river. Her eyes never wavered from mine as she lapped at the cool waters that flowed between us. And then, in a blink and a whisper, she was gone.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|This life is quite a rave- few heartaches, some long waits, altering faiths & breaking cliches!
Swapna Rajput|The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. — Victor Hugo
Timothy Joshua|The truth is, I was always a dreamer, but then I met you, and I knew I will never dream a better dream again.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|Talvez vocês saibam exatamente o que sonham ser. Ou talvez estejam paralisados, porque não têm ideia de qual é sua paixão. A verdade é que não importa. Não precisam saber. Só precisam continuar seguindo adiante. Só precisam continuar fazendo algo, aproveitar a próxima oportunidade, continuar abertos a tentar algo novo. Não precisam se encaixar em sua visão de emprego perfeito ou de vida perfeita. O perfeito é chato, e sonhos não são reais. Apenas... FAÇAM. Você pensa: “Eu queria poder viajar” — venda a porcaria do carro e compre uma passagem e vá para Bancoque agora mesmo. Estou falando sério. Você diz: “Quero ser escritor” — adivinhe só? Um escritor é alguém que escreve todo dia. Comece a escrever. Ou: Não tem emprego? Consiga um. QUALQUER EMPREGO. Não fiquem sentados em casa esperando pela oportunidade mágica dos sonhos. Quem são vocês? O príncipe William? Não. Arrumem um emprego. Trabalhem. Façam isso até que possam fazer outra coisa.
Giselle Fox, Slow Burn in Tuscany|My mind stopped spinning as I was enveloped in waves of pleasure. Through half-open eyes, I saw fragments of the ancient room, the stone walls, the enormous wooden beams. I smelled history and ancient ground, war, and turmoil and worship.
J.A. Armstrong, Under Construction|In my experience, if they love you, they'll find their way to where you are. It just takes some people a little more time than others. If they don't? Well, sometimes you just have to accept that and move on." Candace watched tension etch Jameson's features. "Relax," she said. "You worry too much about things you can't control, sweetheart.
Lyn Gardner (Mistletoe, 2012)|It was who they were, and it was who they always would be. They would remain forever in lust and forever in love, for theirs was a love that transcended body and mind. Theirs was a love of the soul.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|Il dolore aveva un suo modo di scomporre il tempo. Pensavo al minuto successivo, all'ora successiva. Non c'era abbastanza spazio nella mia mente per mettere insieme tutti quei pezzi, per trovare le parole per riassumerla nella sua interezza.Ma la parte dell'"andare avanti", per quella le parole le avevo.'Trova un modo per andare avanti' dissi. 'Non deve necessariamente essere buono, o nobile. Basta che sia un motivo.'Conoscevo il mio: c'era una fame dentro di me e c'era sempre stata. Una fame più forte del dolore, più forte dell'orrore. Continuava a mordere anche dopo che ogni altra cosa dentro di me si era arresa. E quando finalmente le diedi un nome, scoprii che era qualcosa di molto semplice: desiderio di vivere.
akhil shah|She is like the white skies, the shine, the sun and its rhyme.While he is the darkness that blinds,the moon, the wolf in mysterious confines.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Le stelle in cieloNon conoscono l'iraBla, bla, bla, fine
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Life curses some poor people with the love of luxury, while it blesses some with the very same thing.
Stephanie Lahart|A life filled with excuses is defeated, unproductive, and miserable.
Stephanie Lahart|I am Stephanie Lahart! An intelligent, empowered, and confident Black Queen. Purposely Fearless!
Stephanie Lahart|Never stop pushing for what you want! If something is truly important to you, stay diligent and find a way. Depending on whom you ask, the answer may be different. Never settle for the first answer! Do your own research, ask different people, go above other people’s head if you have to. Sometimes it’s necessary to push the envelope. Some people will purposely give you the wrong answer to try to stop you and/or hold you back. This, unfortunately, is a reality. Some people’s intentions are all wrong. Be mindful that not everyone will have your best interest at heart.
Stephanie Lahart|You won’t accomplish or reach your greatest potential in life if your main focus is on what other people think of you. No matter how great you are, some people will form their own negative opinions of you. Don’t give your haters your time or energy! People that are negative, jealous, and envious of you aren’t worth your future. Go after your dreams with purpose and unwavering belief!
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Your brand is the value and magic that's not in your bottle, body or box. It's the inspiration, incense, intent and impact before, within and beyond.
I.B. George|Once you become a known writer, you will not have bad books anymore. You will only have less good books than the good ones.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Just think about this: haven’t we been going just to and fro? The whole world rather. Years back, it was good to take vitamin supplements and today they are considered hampering body’s natural immune. Sometime back, people were desperate to land up in high paying jobs, today there is a big entrepreneurship fad. Back in years, it was a pride to be settled in the city, now people are giving up all responsibilities to settle at a peaceful country side. What are we all really doing? We are moving from pillar to post, forward and backward on theories. We are all as confused as the next person. And unfortunately, we are all going to leave this world with barely being able to decipher much.
Stephanie Lahart|Most females are dissatisfied with how they look and battle with countless insecurities, not realizing that you look most beautiful when you think you don’t. I wish that women and girls all over the world knew just how uniquely beautiful that we ALL are. Loving yourself for who YOU are is empowering! There’s great freedom in being unbothered by other people’s opinion of you.
J.A. Armstrong, Under Construction|In my experience, if they love you, they'll find their way to where you are. It just takes some people a little more time than others. If they don't? Well, sometimes you just have to accept that and move on. Candace watched tension etch Jameson's features. Relax, she said. You worry too much about things you can't control, sweetheart.
Ranata Suzuki|Deep down, I think everybody wants to be ‘the one’ to someone. I don’t know if I’ve ever been that person to anyone else – but I do know you are that person to me. You are the one. The only one. And you always will be.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some of the best things that have ever happened to us wouldn’t have happened to us, if it weren’t for some of the worst things that have ever happened to us.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There’s no such thing as a good or bad person: there are just people who have each been or seem to have been good or bad to you, someone, or some people, thus far.
Paul Bradley Smith|When we share, we open doors to a new beginning.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most adults are knowledgeable to a child, but ignorant for their age.
Paul Bradley Smith|Forgiveness is brave, sets us free from darkness, and allows light to shine the sweet fragrance of life into our souls
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most women would each be left with fewer dreams or without a dream, if the institution of marriage were to be abolished.
Nithin Purple, Halcyon Wings: 'These Passions Feathers Are Gathering on a Winged Vision'|O' melancholy,hectic chill for human soul,herewith dismal presence,any spirit does descent.
Mohith Agadi|I'm concerned about myself, but I'm less concerned about 'only myself'.
Atom Yang, Herc & Pyotr|Hey, Doc, we better back up. We don’t have enough road to get up to eighty-eight,” I quoted as I slid into the passenger seat.“‘Roads?’” he replied in an excellent impression of Christopher Lloyd’s eccentric scientist. “‘Where we’re going, we don’t need roads!’” The call-and-response rituals of geeks were a thing of beauty, and allowed said geeks to identify each other across time and space.
Bondan Winarno, Petang Panjang di Central Park|Ketika ada pilihan, kita harus memilih.
Bondan Winarno, Petang Panjang di Central Park|Kau tak akan pernah mengerti, memang. Aku perempuan dan kau laki-laki. Jadi, perlakukanlah aku seperti seorang perempuan. Seranglah aku! Jangan tunggu aku menyerangmu.
Bondan Winarno, Petang Panjang di Central Park|Well, Presiden Reagan kan sudah bilang. Bila temanmu kehilangan pekerjaan, maka kau tahu arti resesi. Dan bila giliranmu kehilangan pekerjaan, maka barulah kau tahu arti depresi.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When it comes to their love lives, some people do not really have high standards; they merely have low sex drive.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most of the very few people who would choose a good heart over riches would eventually use that to either make a lot of money, or attract men or women who are rich.
Lorri Faye|You already have wings, you just have to trust that you can fly.
Catherine B. Roy, Live From Your Heart and Mind: The Secret to the Simplicity of Connecting your Heart and Mind on the Road to Happiness and Success.|If you are in hard times, ask yourself: “What would this problem and my life mean to people two hundred years from now?
Patricia Robin Woodruff|The beauty that lies hidden, makes my soul tremble with awe.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|One often hears of writers that rise and swell with their subject, though it may seem but an ordinary one. How, then, with me, writing of this Leviathan? Unconsciously my chirography expands into placard capitals. Give me a condor's quill! Give me Vesuvius' crater for an inkstand! Friends, hold my arms! For in the mere act of penning my thoughts of this Leviathan, they weary me, and make me faint with their out-reaching comprehensiveness of sweep, as if to include the whole circle of the sciences, and all the generations of whales, and men, and mastodons, past, present, and to come, with all the revolving panoramas of empire on earth, and throughout the whole universe, not excluding its suburbs. Such, and so magnifying, is the virtue of a large and liberal theme! We expand to its bulk. To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme. No great and enduring volume can ever be written on the flea, though many there be who have tried it.
Chris Mentillo|Writers are made, they are not born.
Nithin Purple, Venus and Crepuscule: Beauty and Violence on Me Thrown|Ah! listen the song of storm from my disturbed soul;and it scatters flower buds into its lonely halls;like every pain needs a dirge,with wreaths that awful the world framed one for me,and gives the time it calls.
Swapna Rajput|Sometimes two people find each other with broken foundation, and they build something together as a team to make a foundation that is indestructible. - AK Brown
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|Walking away ends a battle in the heart of one, and starts a war in the soul of another.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|Scusi mia bella*, but it runs in the blood of all Italians to be skillful lovers. So you have to get used to this.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|You can't push me away, mio cuore. You can't!
Mitta Xinindlu|Going against the storm requires strength, energy and a will to succeed.
Swapna Rajput|If I could have anyone in the world, it would still be you
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|With discipline, you can lose weight, you can excel in work, you can win the war.
Patricia Robin Woodruff|In poetry we pare down our thoughts into their most graceful shapes, like minimalist sculptures.
Chris Mentillo|Have you noticed how prejudice still exists today? For instance, now they challenge famous people for their past achievements: People like Christopher Columbus and now even Vince Lombardi. Nothing surprises me. I never grew-up with prejudices against anyone. I don't care what color you are or where you came from. This sort of stuff to me never made sense. You see I grew up in an "educated family." Education teaches you not to be so ignorant.
Chris Mentillo|Don't ever rely on one job, business contact, etc for your main source of income. Receive multiple sources of income for success.
Chris Mentillo|Have you noticed how prejudice still exists today. For instance, now they challenge famous people for their past achievements: People like Christopher Columbus and now even Vince lombardi. Nothing surprises me. I never grew-up with prejudices against anyone. I don't care what color you are or where you came from. This sort of stuff to me never made sense. You see I grew up in a "educated family." Education teaches you not to be so ignorant.
Ehsan Sehgal|To show others, the quotes and sayings of the visionary figures, as a mirror instead of reform own conduct and character, indicates one's worst egoism unless that reflects and demonstrates not their golden words.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|You're very naive and innocent, and don't understand a lot of things yet.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|Don't be shy, dear. I'm too old for you to be embarrassed by me.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|The words of men cannot be trusted, especially men like you!
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|If you go on touching me, I’ll catch fire before your eyes.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|I think the word ‘pleasure’ is unknown to you. More precisely, its practical meaning.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|If your parents left you, it doesn’t mean that other people will also do it to you.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|If you were three times poor, I would still have paid attention to you and fell head over heels in love with you.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|I need only you, Milano, not your money.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|I'm afraid that if we move on to such topics, I won't be able to let you go safe and sound.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|And you haven’t got a ‘pause’ button, have you? You are just uncontrollable!
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|Everyone thinks to the extent of their own depravity,” #HenriettaLedyanova , #FatefulItalianPassion .
Olga Goa|Don't be shy, dear. I'm too old for you to be embarrassed by me.” #RicardoAlonso , #FatefulItalianPassion.
Chris Mentillo|Start having more confidence in yourself, and others will do the same.
Chris Mentillo|Some of my greatest successes in business are simply the result of taking huge, calculated risks.
Chris Mentillo|Forget about how old you are, and get busy.
Swapna Rajput|When I first met you, I honestly didn't know you were gonna be this important to me
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Anger gets you into trouble, ego keeps you in trouble.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Caution not spirit, let it roam wild; for in that natural state dance embraces divine frequency.
Nithin Purple, Venus and Crepuscule: Beauty and Violence on Me Thrown|The thick baffling blades of false world customs rip off my views and ideas,like breaking every string of my aesthetic thoughts in disdain and jealousy;pain pain enough your tigrine roars before I die.
Nithin Purple, Venus and Crepuscule: Beauty and Violence on Me Thrown|The early dew-falls that did a pristine coating,over the woods with its finest transparency,glazed as like its wet white-glassy earrings that hung on the ears of wild flowers—unlatched my fancy.
Staci Welch-Bartley|What if choices were not viewed as right and wrong, but instead as just a variety of life experiences?
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Respect cannot be inherited, respect is the result of right actions.
Lori Foroozandeh, Lori's Song: The True Story of an American Woman Held Captive in Iran|While Terrorism is a war that starts developing within the mind,Religion is a war that antagonizes our conscience, butLove is alway a war within the heart.....Lori F.5/2002 Share The Peace!
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|No tricks, no tools, but talent makes a task truly top class.
Alfin Rizal|Jangan karena dia menyukai postinganmu dan tidak pernah absen meninggalkan komentar di media sosial lantas kau artikan bawa dia mencintaimu. Dunia maya mudah sekali menipu, membuatmu merasa diberi harapan palsu. Padahal itu salahmu.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|State first, subject second, statesman last.
Unknown|The poem is like a monster, against which the critic does battle. There is only one way to conquer the monster: you must eat it, bones, blood, skin, pelt, and gristle. And even then the monster is not dead, for it lives in you, is assimilated into you, and you are different and somewhat monstrous yourself for having eaten it.
Swapna Rajput|If you want to know where your heart is, look to where your mind goes when it wanders - #insearchofasoulmate
Chuck Palahniuk|What you run from only stays with you longer. When you fight something, you only make it stronger.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Creativity without discipline will struggle, creativity with discipline will succeed.
Swapna Rajput, The Beautiful Roses|When I am with you, hours feel like seconds. When we are apart, days feel like years
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Parents expect only two things from their children, obedience in their childhood and respect in their adulthood.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Cowards say it can't be done, critics say it shouldn't have been done, creator say well done.
Timothy Joshua|My love,you are all the flowers in the worldand I promise that my heart will always be your garden.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|During a conversation, listening is as powerful as loving.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.
Amy Andrews, Playing the Player|The car was some kind of Porsche and the door stood open and beckoning, like a gold embossed invitation to sinIf she could survive a ride with angel-lips in his penis car then surely she’d be immune to him in any situation?
Amy Andrews, Playing the Player|So, what...in the meantime, you just...” He glanced at her then back at the road. “Deny yourself?”Em gave a half smile at the incredulity in his voice. Clearly it was a foreign concept to him. “It’s okay. I have a battery operated boyfriend awaiting my attention when I get home.”He shot her a quick, open-mouthed stare, his lips parted enticingly. He looked so stunned at her admission she couldn’t help but laugh.“Sorry, didn’t you know that women did that, too? Did I shock you?”“Not at all.” He recovered quickly, a big smile splitting his profile. “I’m just trying to decide which is sexier. Self-denial or self-abuse.
Amy Andrews, Playing the Player|But...a vibrator can’t hold you in its arms or give you the full-body experience.”Em clamped down on the wicked surge of heat between her legs, thinking about a full-body experience with Lincoln Quinn. “It’s not going to make me lie in the wet spot, either.”“It can’t snuggle with you after,” he countered with another laugh.Em snorted. “And that’s your specialty, is it? Hanging around for pillow talk?”“I’ll have you know I give very good pillow talk.”Sure. And Elvis was alive and living at Henley Stadium. “Right,” she muttered. “Of course you do.”“I really do.” He nodded. “Most women seem to be more interested in me giving them good head, but hey, I’m a full service kinda guy.
Amy Andrews, Playing the Player|You should really go inside now,” he said.Her glazed, unfocused stare was starting to clear, and the cranky look he was used to being levelled at him started to take shape. “And if I don’t?”“You want to fuck me on your doorstep?” he asked, his voice low and gravelly. “Call me tomorrow when you’re sober. I’ll be right over.”She jutted her chin defiantly—clearly pissed at him for trying to be the responsible one. “I won’t need you after I’ve spent all night with a couple of multi-speed toyfriends and a box of batteries.”Linc shoved his hands on his hips, pushing back unhelpful images of her naked and pleasuring herself with a hot pink cock. “Go inside,” he growled.Before he did something crazy like offering to watch.
Amy Andrews, Playing the Player|Sex was a happiness transaction. And rugby had given Linc the means to feel very happy, very often.
Amy Andrews, Playing the Player|Probably just as well. Maybe with all that testosterone walking out the door, the insane urge to hump Lincoln Quinn’s leg would walk right out as well. Because that was exactly how she felt every time she looked at him.Like she was in heat.Within minutes, the restaurant had emptied out to only a few non-team wedding guests. Her nemesis was nowhere to be seen, and Em congratulated herself on her self-control as she eased off the bar stool.Embarrassing leg-humping avoided—bravo!
Amy Andrews, Playing the Player|You’re a gambling man, right? Or do you only bet on frivolous things like poker and fucking women?
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Making a product is just an activity, making a profit on a product is the achievement.
Emil, Living There|There in the gap between what my eyes see and what my mind is unable to explain, I am sure the absolute truth lies, yet, I cannot grasp it.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.
Debasish Mridha|Wealth is not often a byproduct of hard work or superior intelligence, but often wealth is a byproduct of a purpose oriented abundant mentality.
Chris Mentillo|You can have practically anything you want in this world, if you have great credit.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|In united families, they might sleep with half filled stomach but no one sleeps with empty stomach.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|You can take the Indian out of the family, but you cannot take the family out of the Indian.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.
Braden Pedersen|If I had the authority to pick and choose who gets to know Christ as Savior, that would make me God. Thank the one true God that I am not.
Braden Pedersen, 30-Second Theology: By Braden Pedersen|If not from eternal separation from God, what exactly are we saving people from?
Debasish Mridha|Money is an important tool for modern life. Money will not make you happy, but you can use money wisely to enhance your happiness.
Val Uchendu|Put in the time, learn something new, challenge your perception and know that a setback is an opportunity in hindsight
Kayla Krantz|That’s what he is—a snake, a dangerous predator—and here I am, a mouse…waiting to be devoured.Luna Ketz, Rise Above Twilight
Rian Prasetia, @sekadar_coretan|padamu senja aku tak bisa tuk tak jatuh cinta, meski padamu pun engkau menenggelamkannya
Debasish Mridha|Tie me with love, clip all of my feathers, and take me anywhere.
Debasish Mridha|If you don’t know the direction in which you are going, the deep silence of you heart will let you know.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a journey- not only to see the world- to find yourself, your place in the world, and your happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Sit on a cliff and look at the ocean. In the ocean of life, you are a bubble, but you have the power to appreciate the greatness, vastness, and beauty of her. Because you came, sit next to the ocean and enjoy the beauty and appreciate the vast, great, and creative power. She is dancing with joy. You may not know that she is watching you, but she knows you are watching her.
Debasish Mridha|Without a rest, test yourself against the best, and then try to find a way to be better.
Debasish Mridha|If you have to fall in love, fall in love with the magnificent beauty of a sunset. That love will beautify yourself and your world.
Debasish Mridha|Through my writing, I want to build an “immortal fountain of love” where everyone can come to dance and enjoy the colorful “flow of joy” and sing along with the music of love.
Debasish Mridha|To create a peaceful world, inhale the love of life and exhale the beauty of life.
Debasish Mridha|Yoga is a journey of the soul through the body that creates a harmony among nature, mind, and body.
Debasish Mridha|You may not be able to control the whole world, but you may learn to control your inner world through yoga.
Rian Prasetia, @sekadar_coretan|paling tidak lewat air mata, kita masih punya ketulusan jiwa. meski di satu sisi kita sering merasa kesepian
Debasish Mridha|Yoga is not only a process of the integration of the soul, mind, and body for self-improvement, it is a process of self -realization and self -acceptance.
Debasish Mridha|When we truly care, we mix love, compassion, and kindness together in our hearts.
Debasish Mridha|You may not be punished for your procrastination, but for sure you will be punished by your procrastination.
Debasish Mridha|Outer beauty is transient, but the inner beauty of a kind heart gets brighter with time. Be kind and get prettier forever.
Debasish Mridha|O moon! I may not be able to reach you or touch you with my hands, but I will never forget to kiss your silvery twinkling lips with my lovely eyes.
Debasish Mridha|To have a good business, always have a caring heart.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t find work, find an interest and do it with love. If you can earn a living doing something interesting, then you will never have to work.
Debasish Mridha|To be a great success, persistently plan and have a prospective and purpose.
Debasish Mridha|We never learn to value what is simple; what is difficult is worthy to us. But, the beauty of life is in the simplicity.
Debasish Mridha|Confidence comes from thoughtful action, reflection, and experience. Confidence does not come from reaction.
Debasish Mridha|Why do you want to fight and win when you were born to understand and forgive? When you forgive, you always win.
Debasish Mridha|For an optimist, life is full of opportunity. For a pessimist, life is full of adversity. Life is what you think of it.
Debasish Mridha|To reach your destination, follow the directions of your heart. It knows the way.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, all we need is a purpose oriented journey filled with love and persistence.
Debasish Mridha|To build a beautiful future, focus on your dreams and not your past.
Debasish Mridha|To see yourself and others in the darkness, be the light of courage and enlighten them.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is not found in serenity, tranquility or surrealism. It is found in harmony of thoughts, actions, and reality.
Debasish Mridha|Poetry, romance, beauty, and love have no book value, but life has no value without them.
Debasish Mridha|With love, accept what is happening. Don’t shout at what should happen with anger.
Debasish Mridha|What is yours today, you will lose some day; nothing is permanent, so don’t make it a big deal.
Debasish Mridha|Those who lack courage, can’t be kind for kindness is a state of courage.
Debasish Mridha|And yet, it is amazing that poetry often touches the heart even though it may not try to teach us anything.
Debasish Mridha|It is not the loss that makes you a loser, but it is how you respond to it.
Debasish Mridha|Wake up. Watch the beauty of the dawn and the rising sun. Appreciate the beauty and your ability to appreciate it. Without your appreciation, there is no beauty. The sun created you to see her own beauty through your eyes. Find and appreciate all of the beauty around you. Life is for appreciation, love, and happiness. We express our love through appreciation and through love our souls feel the secret touch of happiness.
Debasish Mridha|All those we can love, think, or imagine are more real than those we can see or have seen.
Debasish Mridha|If you try to find success in fame or in things, you will fail. If you find happiness is the process you will be a success.
Debasish Mridha|Best friends are those people who reveal to you what is wonderful inside of you, and you can all still laugh together.
Debasish Mridha|Language is artificial, but our feelings are natural, inner, and universal. There are many languages, but feelings are the same for everyone. We can only describe it in different ways. A poet tries to sing the song of these feelings in different tunes with different music mixing with the inner emotions of the reader.
Debasish Mridha|We cannot see the best things in life, we can only feel them. A poet tries to describe those indescribable feelings in a language of emotions and inner perceptions.
Debasish Mridha|Fear not! In life, problems are there to make you stronger.
Debasish Mridha|What we have left behind is beautiful, captivating, and inviting. What lies ahead of us is magnificent and mind boggling.
Debasish Mridha|Eyes are the mirror of your mind. Whatever you see, you see in your reflection.
Debasish Mridha|With love, give up better for the best and without a rest.
Debasish Mridha|I have enjoyed my company so fondly, I may not feel alone when I am lonely.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t try to change the world. To find yourself in a new world, change your thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|If you can believe that you can do it, the whole universe will conspire to help you.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my dear, no matter who you are, where you are, or how you are, I can hear your song. I can feel your pain, and I really care.
Debasish Mridha|The best treatment for stress, anxiety, and depression is to change your perception by knowing that all of this is coming from a fear induced illusion.
Debasish Mridha|To inspire others, be an example and live by example.
Debasish Mridha|To fill life with moments of happiness, be happy in the moment.
Debasish Mridha|If you find a problem, don’t complain about it. To find the solution, be curious and wise.
Debasish Mridha|The journey through life is important, but what you learn during your journey is more important.
Debasish Mridha|A great teacher not only teaches, they cultivate green fields to grow beautiful flowers to spread the fragrance of peace, happiness, and prosperity.
Debasish Mridha|At this moment, I have nothing to do or ponder except love and wonder.
Debasish Mridha|What you see is not true, but what you think about what you see is the truth.
Debasish Mridha|To live in bliss, love everything, including people, unconditionally.
Debasish Mridha|When you love this world, this world becomes yours.
Debasish Mridha|Poetry is the truth dressed up with perceptions, emotions, and anxieties of expression.
Debasish Mridha|Even after thousands of years, I want to live in your heart with love, joy, and care.
Debasish Mridha|Like a wildflower, poetry does not need explanation. It only needs to touch our emotions.
Debasish Mridha|A poet is an artist that paints pictures by mixing thought, imagination, and emotion with words.
Debasish Mridha|Three things will make you more powerful: the power of your non-judgmental love, your ability to forgive the unforgivable, and a heart that cares.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Anyone can choose to have success, but only the patient ones will get rewarded by it. Be relentless in chasing your dreams.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Don't live off your past successes or failures, live for the next big pursuit.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Integrity is something we show, not proclaim.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|The only real certainty is that if you get to live, you gotta die. Live life now.
Debasish Mridha|When we overcome the fear of death, we become deathless, endless, and infinite.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|The funny thing about money is that you can't take it with you, so don’t try to.
Debasish Mridha|With love, don’t desire to tie someone down but to set them free.
Debasish Mridha|After all, tomorrow will be prettier than today. It all depends on your choices and actions, and if you are ready to make it.
Sebastian Siegel|What wonder will I accomplish today? And how will it tie in to tomorrow and tomorrow, so that I may live as the hero I want to be? And today how will I seek and find the opportunity that scares me? An opportunity that has me harness some elements within that I may cross over the bridge into the other side of my existence; the one that’s begging to be unsettled, that greets the morning before the sun with a ferocious will to rise up, to inspire, to create laughter and tears from the uncovering of the magical self and the relief that I have given in to the excitingly scary, omega point pull to evolve.
Izey Victoria Odiase|Chase Dreams, Not People.The right people will be drawn to you.
Debasish Mridha|I am ceaselessly waiting for you in the burning fire of waiting forever. It may not end today, tomorrow, or ever.
Debasish Mridha|We may struggle and suffer or we may struggle and win, but the end always remains the end.
Debasish Mridha|Until you take your first step, you will not be able to open the door to begin the journey toward your ultimate goal.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning, the sun rises with endless possibilities that give you endless opportunities to begin again and to create a brand-new life.
Debasish Mridha|Opportunity will not only knock on the door when you are ready, it will stand just next to the door to open it.
Debasish Mridha|Tomorrow always comes with a new hope for a new beginning. After all, it is a new day!
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|An invention is a responsibility of the individual, society cannot invent, it can only applaud the invention and inventor.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A true professional not only follows but loves the processes, policies and principles set by his profession.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A professional who doesn't deliver as committed is not just lazy, he is a liar.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Good becomes better by playing against better, but better doesn't become the best by playing against good.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|i took a night drive.i needed to get away.i needed to knowit's okay to goand have no destination,where time moves slowor doesn't exist.that life can be like this,aimless wandering,just breathing,living,driving forever underneath the stars.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Let someone else be the most powerful country, make ours the most peaceful country.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|In any game, the game itself is the prize, no matter who wins, ultimately both lose the game.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Power does not pardon, power punishes.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|In a democracy, there will be more complaints but less crisis, in a dictatorship more silence but much more suffering.
Mohith Agadi|Don't just listen to a good Advice, but also take it.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Fashion doesn't make you perfect, but it makes you pretty.
Balakoteswara Panchakshari|I know when a festival comes,I'm just searching for a beautiful birthday quote for her.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Dresses won't worn out in the wardrobe, but that is not what dresses are designed for.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A poor, who hates power, once become powerful, hates poor.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|If your prudence stops you every time from taking an action, then you are no more prudent, you are frightened.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Hands can cook, hands can create, hands can kill. There is no better tool than our hands.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|With right fashion, every female would be a flame.
Alex Morritt, Lines & Lenses|In the absence of a formally agreed, worldwide dictionary definition of 'Quotography' (in 2016), here are my two cents worth: 'Quotography is the art of pairing unique quotations with complementary images in order to express thought-provoking ideas, challenging concepts, profound sentiments'.
George MacDonald|I do not write for children, but for the childlike, whether of five, or fifty, or seventy-five.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Some people when they see cheese, chocolate or cake they don't think of calories.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|The salt is to the food, what soul is to the body.
Nektaria Markaki, Το κορίτσι με το ηλιοτρόπιο|Πως μπορώ να κρατήσω ένα τόσο αγνό πλάσμα κοντά μου; Μόνο και μόνο που αναπνέει τον ίδιο αέρα με μένα, νιώθω να την μολύνω.
Nektaria Markaki, Το κορίτσι με το ηλιοτρόπιο|«Δεν έχω μάθει να μιλάω με λέξεις. Αν έχω κάτι να σου πω, θα σου το πω με τα μάτια. Γι’ αυτό εκεί να με κοιτάς. Διαφορετικά, δεν θα με ακούσεις ποτέ...»
Ava, This Is How You Know I Want You.|i'm so hookedon how your mind works,on what you notice,on everything that excites you.i'm so caught up inhow you see the world,how you see everythingand still offer up your lovefor all to take it.you give me a glimpse of your heartand i can't tell youhow much you turn me on.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|An old fashioned outfit is not a costume, it's a comedy.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|During your struggle society is not a bunch of flowers, it is a bunch of cactus.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|In the business people with expertise, experience and evidence will make more profitable decisions than people with instinct, intuition and imagination.
Kayla Krantz, Survive at Midnight|It's been so long, I don't remember what okay feels like.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Passion makes you good, but pride stops you to get better.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.
Mohith Agadi|Don't underestimate anyone, not even yourself.
Kayla Krantz, Survive at Midnight|In her crazy, upside down world, she needed someone like that. A rock that would keep her going, an anchor to keep her from drifting away. Instead, she was alone
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Fear of failure is fiction, face this fact and fear will fall.
Kayla Krantz, Survive at Midnight|In her crazy, upside down world, she needed someone like that. A rock that would keep her going, an anchor to keep her from drifting away. Instead, she was alone.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A powerful process automatically takes care of progress, productivity and profits.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|In general, poor is polite and rich is rude.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Prudence is precaution, prudence is protection.
Chris Mentillo|I can't help thinking that somewhere in the vast universe, there has to be something better than man - Has to be.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|For few matters you need to be solo, for some matters you need soul mate and for many matters you need society,
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|If she says goodbye, someone else will say hi.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Routine ruins the life, variety vitalise the life.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Before we complicated life with money, machines and missiles we did well with morals, manpower and meetings.
Imania Margria|When regret and shame fades away, beauty will be in your heart to forever stay.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Mixing old wine with new wine is stupidity, but mixing old wisdom with new wisdom is maturity.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|The wrong man is not always wrong because of his wrong actions, often he is wrong because of no actions.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Words are better than weapons, wisdom is better than war.
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|IF SOMEONE KEEPS DOING WHAT THEY'RE DOINGTHEY WILL GET BETTER AT IT, BUT.... THEY STILL WON'T BE BETTER THEN YOU!KEEP PUSHING!
Polkadot|Heartbreak and pain occurs when people love with their heart. It so happens that the heart is not the most vital organ in the body. So when it is 'broken', the body still functions as normal, leaving you alive, but hollow. Next time, love with your brain. So when your lover decides to deceive you, you are not just hollow. You are completely done.
Polkadot|Everything around us is made up of matter so small, its mass cannot be written down. You're either an atom, or a cell. These things are super small, but they join and function together to create something powerful. It reminds me of love; its always the small things that are done that makes a person feel like they're made of something.
Vikash Shrivastava|You don't observe your abilities, people do!
Nikki Rowe|With you, it's different. I can see the rest of my life before my eyes and that scares me a little. Men don't tame my wild heart but somehow I crossed your path and have never been the same since.
Keira Cass|It’s a funny thing to be the product of a fairy-tale romance. It’s another thing to think you might find one yourself. You can read the stories and watch the movies, and you can think you know how it’s all supposed to unfold.But the truth is, love is as much fate as it is planning, as much a beauty as it is a disaster.Finding a prince might mean kissing a lot of frogs. Or kicking a lot of frogs out of your house. Falling might mean running headfirst into something you always wanted. Or dipping your toe into something you’ve been scared of your whole life. Happily ever after could be waiting in a field a mile wide. Or a window as narrow as seven minutes.
Kamand Kojouri|May we always be burdened with thinking of the suffering of others, for that is what it means to be human.
Debasish Mridha|Let your love be your guide. Let your courage be your driver, and let your passion be your road to enjoy this magnificent life to the fullest.
Kamand Kojouri|She might not have read many books. But when she reads a book, she swallows the very words. If you open the books on her shelves, you will find that the front and back covers encase white pages.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Education makes your maths better, not necessarily your manners.
Roshan Sharma|The greatest service, you can do, to the existence, is serving yourself. If you serve yourself and take care of, yourself, anything that comes out of you, will add meaning and beauty to life.
Mohith Agadi|To succeed in life, doing your best is not enough, you should also improve your best.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Don't always use prudence for precaution, sometimes use it for progress.
Rhouveyzz|Njoy Life to the extend, at which you make the moment and you live it
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|I have a wide circle of friends, wide enough to keep them away from me.
Kamand Kojouri|To begin to know ourselves we must have sincere conversations with ourselves as if with a good friend. We must answer without reserve, listen without judgement, and accept without condition. That is self-love.
Roshan Sharma|For life, it doesn’t matter how much you earn and how you hold your different relationships, but what’s important for life is, what kind of progress, you have achieved from inside, while going through different aspects of life.
Angelos Michalopoulos, Basking in the wrong kind of sunshine|When a man decides to destroy his past, he automatically ends up destroying the part of his future that he will need the most
Roshan Sharma|You can create absolutely new reality, both in your personal and professional life and with the same people, by altering your perception towards life, and by putting necessary work into it.
Janna Cachola|People don't need to know how good you are. Just smile, just slay and just show.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness rarely costs anything, but its worth is immeasurable.
Debasish Mridha|To begin life in a new way, forget to walk your habitual path, change your thoughts, and find a new way.
Debasish Mridha|Through writing, an author opens the window of his heart through which a reader can see the inner self of the author.
Debasish Mridha|The best way to achieve great success is to learn from wise people. Use them extensively with love, gratitude, and humility.
Debasish Mridha|It may not be prudent to seek new things, but it is wise to see things in a new way.
Debasish Mridha|The best journey of life that you can take is inside yourself to discover your new thoughts, new ideas, and new hopes.
Debasish Mridha|When this world is full of fashion, be unique by reflecting your own style.
Debasish Mridha|There is no human mind. There is only a universal mind. We borrow it for the time being and try to shape it in our own way to make it unique. It is like owning a plot of land. We borrow it from nature and call it our land. We try to shape it, build on it, and cultivate it.
Debasish Mridha|Let the power of your love change the world, but never let the problems of this world change the beauty of your love.
Debasish Mridha|If there ever comes a day when I’m not able to appreciate you, remember you will be in my heart whatever I do.
Andrew Wommack, A Better Way to Pray|Faith is a powerful force, but you must believe in order to reap its benefits.
Debasish Mridha|Never forget to be yourself, and never forget the purpose of your life.
Ava, This Is How You Know I Want You.|we talk of plans that are going to happen.we talk of the future,as if we know we will last.there is a sort of comfort in that.
Debasish Mridha|When you were born, you were given a one-way ticket. You can never come back and visit your past.
Debasish Mridha|If you are very helpful, no one may remember you, but never forget to be helpful anyway.
Debasish Mridha|Do not try to be the best, but never forget to try your best.
Debasish Mridha|Getting a new job will not change your life. To change your life, change your choices.
Debasish Mridha|Success is living life with all of its songs and melodies, triumphs and tragedies.
Debasish Mridha|Success is a choice, not an option.
Debasish Mridha|Be not perfect, be just and kind.
Debasish Mridha|Desires move us from one station to another in this life while we search for beauty, love, and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|A flower is beautiful not because she knows what the new fashion is, but because she knows the desires of your heart.
Debasish Mridha|While we are floating against the current toward the future, our minds stay behind with the anchoring memories of the past.
Debasish Mridha|In your trembling touch of love, I lost my past, present, and future.
Debasish Mridha|In the stillness of the ocean, I wonder at the dancing waves.
Debasish Mridha|A flower doesn’t expect love. She is happy with herself. If she gets love, she celebrates.
Debasish Mridha|When I saw you, I saw tears of love in your eyes. It tamed my fire of love and imprisoned me in a cage of desires.
Debasish Mridha|Even though she was soft and kind, her thoughts were strong like steel.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy life, enjoy the moment.
Debasish Mridha|Every memory becomes a golden treasure to us when we have lived our lives with tragedy and triumphs, sadness and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|A fool thinks that he can cheat others, but a prudent man knows that he can only cheat himself.
Debasish Mridha|Go slow, my life, go slow. Let me enjoy the beauty of silence, serenity, and solitude.
Debasish Mridha|When you are conscious, try to develop an acute awareness about the mysterious aspects of our being, our consciousness.
Debasish Mridha|All humans are sentient and sapient beings so they have the ability to perceive, think, and act using their knowledge, experience, insight, and conscience.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy inner joy and happiness, let us use our conscience to create peace and harmony in this world.
Debasish Mridha|To find the magnificence of life, count your blessings.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t fear to sing alone. If your song is right and melodies are touching, listeners will appear.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the greatness and magnificence of life, lose yourself in the ocean of love.
Debasish Mridha|Like the waves in the ocean, life changes every moment.
Debasish Mridha|When life gives you pain, give life your unconditional love.
Debasish Mridha|Even though life is finite, the universe created you with infinite love. Celebrate your birthday with infinite joy and create endless memories.
Debasish Mridha|To be rich, don’t try to earn money. To grow abundance, never forget to cultivate your mind.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to fill your life with abundance, never forget to give away something with love.
Debasish Mridha|I am a gardener of thoughts, and my garden only grows flowers of love.
Debasish Mridha|Never imitate, but never forget to emulate the best.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy life at its best, be an epitome of style and elegance.
Debasish Mridha|To eradicate blindness, let us expand our vision. Let us dream and take actions to make blindness a history from the past.
Debasish Mridha|To eradicate blindness, let us create opportunities for everyone to get an education.
Debasish Mridha|In summer, we grow younger and stay young forever.
Debasish Mridha|A true friend is a person that will shout at you when you’re wrong, hold your hand when you fall down, dance with you during the good times, and stay with you during your ups and downs.
Debasish Mridha|To attract pure love, love yourself passionately.
Stephanie Lahart|Love from a genuine place, but don’t lose yourself trying to change someone that has clearly shown you their true character and intentions. Know your worth! Your first priority should be YOU, always. Love shouldn’t be complicated, so don’t willingly compromise yourself with unnecessary hurt, pain, and disappointment. Have confidence in yourself! Protect your heart! Your love is valuable and so are you! Save your love for someone who truly deserves it, appreciates it, and wants it.
Andrew Wommack, A Better Way to Pray|God wants to meet your needs, but seeking to receive something from Him shouldn’t dominate your prayer life.
Clint Diffie|I do not believe in karma. However, I practice it everyday because it tricks me into being a better person!
Stephanie Lahart|There’s not a single good thing about fear. Fear is a habitual liar and a destroyer of a purpose-filled life. Don’t entertain fear. You’ve got to protect your dreams, goals, and the desires of your heart. Be brave in all things!
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|He hablado ex profeso con el viento -anunció-, pues hay una cosa que debes saber: cuando el viento se obstina en jugar con el fuego, ni yo mismo puedo domeñarlo. Pero me ha dado su palabra de honor de que esta noche se mantendrá en calma y no nos estropeará la diversión.
Talal Abu-Ghazaleh, Blankets become Jackets|I always have believed that we should not call it an Arab-Israeli issue or a Palestinian-Arab dispute or a peace negotiation. I think we should call it what it is: an occupation of Palestine, full stop. This is not a popular position in mixed company.
Chris Mentillo|During my tenure at Bradford College, located in Haverhill Massachusetts - Assemblies of God, and Northpoint Bible College had not yet taken over. The school was very prestigious and expensive, but was worth every penny spent, and left me with an experience of which I shall indeed never forget. I say this for a couple of reasons. First, my degree major was in creative arts (creative writing) and psychology as my minor. Later in life, I was able to use my degree to become an award-winning, and best-selling horror author, and producer. Something by the way for which I am very proud of today. I truly owe this all from what I learned at this remarkable school.""So indeed I have great things to speak of when harping back to my Bradford college days. In addition, I was also able to make wonderful connections with many famous people who's sons and daughters attended this school. One of my roommates was David Charles who is Bob Charle's son. Bob Charles was a famous professional golfer." "To date, pondering on my college days spent at Bradford College has given me an appreciation for which I am very grateful for. I wanted to say, "thank you" for being part of the reason why I have prospered." "I am a proud graduate of Bradford, and all others whom also attended should also be more than proud of their attendance there. Thank you again, and God Bless you. one of my other roommates was Japanese chap, and his father was some kind of high political ruler of the country at the time. Thinking back on all this makes me proud of having been affiliated with Bradford College. Thank you.
Debasish Mridha|When we set expectations and nourish them with appreciation, we will get better results.
Debasish Mridha|To win, expect to win. Expectations create reality.
Debasish Mridha|Even if you cover the whole world with darkness, you can never stop the sun from rising.
Mohith Agadi|If you wait until you are ready, you will keep waiting forever.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Faster is fatal, slower is safe.
Mohith Agadi|It doesn't matter what others feel about you, what matters is how do you feel about yourself.
Steven Cuoco|I see who I am, and I am beyond who I was.
Debasish Mridha|Like a caterpillar, when you feel that your time is over, you may reach infinite light with infinite joy.
Debasish Mridha|If we fear to open our eyes during the day time, we will complain that life has nothing to offer except darkness.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy a moment, you have to love and appreciate it.
Stephanie Lahart|LOVE is, can, and will.
Chris Mentillo|I Can See Nothing But The Bottom Sides of Her Shoes, And Then All Became Ample Dark.
Debasish Mridha|If you have to criticize, do it with deep understanding and love.
Debasish Mridha|When you are loving, kind, and appreciative, you can help change others without using criticism.
Debasish Mridha|When you are angry—stop, breath, relax, step back, think, and forgive before you react.
AVA.|i know it all ends the same,but i was interested in seeinghow you would break my heart.
Debasish Mridha|When you can give up approval and appreciation seeking behaviors, then you will become true to yourself and the universe.
Debasish Mridha|You can’t control the universe, but if you learn to practice meditation and mindfulness you may be able to control yourself.
Debasish Mridha|To get dividends from life, invest in yourself.
Debasish Mridha|If there are no great teachers, how can we expect a great future?
Debasish Mridha|More often than not a young couple stays in the same relationship, but they walk in different directions.
Debasish Mridha|When you focus and accept the current moment with love, faith, and joyfulness, you are practicing mindfulness. That is better than controlling the universe.
Debasish Mridha|When you practice mindfulness, you bloom like a flower.
Debasish Mridha|A great teacher not only teaches, but they also encourage and appreciate improvement.
Debasish Mridha|A great teacher is one that helps their students to become great. In return, the students appreciate the teacher for their success.
Debasish Mridha|When you are angry, don’t react. Respond with consideration, kindness, and love.
Debasish Mridha|When we are non-judgmental and mindful, we find peace in the moment and the moment becomes blissful.
Debasish Mridha|To live in infinite bliss, practice mindfulness and live in the moment.
Debasish Mridha|Heaven in not out there, it is in your blissful heart.
Debasish Mridha|Like our muscles, our thinking power grows when we struggle.
Debasish Mridha|Confidence is the beauty, kindness is the charm, style is the uniqueness and fashion is the mask.
Debasish Mridha|To create an inner peace of mind, be humble, gentle, harmonious, and kind.
Debasish Mridha|To find inner bliss and happiness through yoga, learn to accept things as they are by changing your thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|To enhance your inner beauty, harmonize your mind and thoughts with nature through meditation.
Debasish Mridha|Once you enhance your inner vision with deep meditation, you may be able to see your inner beauty and inner universe.
Debasish Mridha|When you love with your heart and soul, then you long and belong. How could there be a separation?
Debasish Mridha|To add more power to your light, don’t fear the darkness of the night.
Debasish Mridha|Faith has power in it. More often than not, faith can create miracles.
Debasish Mridha|Come slowly over the hills and valleys to touch my soul, feel my heart, and vanish in my joy.
Debasish Mridha|Yoga not only allows you to learn to control your breathing, but it ultimately enhances your abilities to harmonize your thoughts and enhances your inner beauty.
Debasish Mridha|It is good to focus, but never forget to look around. If you focus on the wrong target, you may miss seeing all of the beauty around you.
Debasish Mridha|With yoga, you go back to your source to bloom again with joy and inner peace.
Debasish Mridha|When I was earning, saving, and spending, I felt poor. When I started to give away some of my earning for good purposes, abundance filled my heart.
Debasish Mridha|To understand humanity, you must first understand yourself.
Debasish Mridha|The longest journey is not the journey from Asia to Antarctica, but it is the journey to know yourself.
Debasish Mridha|To expand your wings, be persistent in learning new things.
Debasish Mridha|To fly deep into the sky, you have to expand your wings by learning new things.
Debasish Mridha|Love not because you have to attract someone, love because you have an abundance of love in your heart.
Debasish Mridha|Feel special, because you are.
Debasish Mridha|With the wings of imagination, don't be afraid to fly.
Debasish Mridha|If you become a singing bird, I will be the listening sky so that I will never miss your song.
Debasish Mridha|A writer fills the paper with the pictures of perception, experience, and feeling of real and imaginative lives.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my beloved friend! In your mirror, I see my reflection again and again.
Debasish Mridha|To win, depend on your thoughts and actions but not on circumstances.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning, appreciate the golden glowing sun for giving you life. Every evening, appreciate yourself for making the world a little more joyful with your lovely presence.
Debasish Mridha|I can hear the songs of your eyes, I can feel the warmth of your glowing cheek, and I can get lost in the smile of your soul.
Debasish Mridha|When someone tries to make you happy, that is a true sign of love.
Debasish Mridha|People who are loving are kind, and those who are kind become beloved.
Debasish Mridha|Love has power in it. At the end, it wins over all miseries.
Debasish Mridha|You are brighter than the sun, prettier than a fresh flower, and sweeter than any chocolate. Your songs are always humming in my heart. I wish you a sweet sweetest day.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the essence of life. Without love, life does not make any sense.
Debasish Mridha|We may not know where we are or where we are going, but we have to go.
Debasish Mridha|Education is not only filling the mind with knowledge, but it is igniting the candle that enlightens the mind.
Debasish Mridha|For all of my life, I am digging deep in my heart to find the liquid gold of love to share.
Debasish Mridha|For I am a drop of water, I may change but I will never vanish in thin air.
Debasish Mridha|To overcome fear, do what you fear the most.
Debasish Mridha|On October 14th, the sweetest thing happened to me. On that day at sunset, I met you by the sea. It was that day I found a great purpose and a wonderful reason to be.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you do, never forget to love everyone around you.
Debasish Mridha|If I had the choice, I would sing only love songs.
Debasish Mridha|When everyone wanted to be successful, I wanted to be resourceful so that I could help everyone to be successful.
Debasish Mridha|For true liberation, you do not need to fight. You simply have to change your thoughts and drift away from conformity, comfort, security, and certainty of life and embrace and enjoy the possibilities and magnificence of the uncertainty of life.
Debasish Mridha|It is uncertainty which fills life with beauty, excitement, and joy.
Debasish Mridha|If not love, then what? If not now, then when?
Debasish Mridha|In the process of letting go, we create abundance.
Debasish Mridha|Teaching is not only a profession, but it a is a purpose of a great life.
Debasish Mridha|Every tragedy and triumph, every win and failure have made me who I am.
Debasish Mridha|Simply by changing our thoughts, we can sow the seeds of happiness in the garden of our minds.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t wait for a vacation to enjoy life. Start to enjoy it now, today, wherever you are.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t resist. Accept it to create memories, and then let it go.
Debasish Mridha|When you face a great problem in life, don’t get scared. Consider it a great adventure. Ultimately it will shape your life with charm.
Debasish Mridha|The breeding ground of fear is procrastination and inaction. We overcome them not by preparation, but by taking action.
Debasish Mridha|For an adventurous life, seek not security. Dance with uncertainty to create magnificence and beauty.
