Kelly Bryson, Don't Be Nice, Be Real: Balancing Passion for Self with Compassion for Others|It is the very use of coercion, positive or negative, that breaks or deadens the spirit, which is the source of motivation.
David Kinnaman, unChristian: What a New Generation Really Thinks about Christianity... and Why It Matters|Many outsiders clarified that they believe Christians have a right (even an obligation) to pursue political involvement, but they disagree with our methods and our attitudes. They say we seem to be pursuing an agenda that benefits only ourselves; that we expect too much out of politics; they question whether we are motivated by our economic status rather than faith perspectives when we support conservative politics; they claim we act and say things in an unchristian manner; they wonder whether Jesus would use political power as we do; and they are concerned that we overpowered the voices of other groups.
John Franklin Bardin|There is only one motive for writing a novel: to be published and read. To me there is no distinction between the mystery novel and the novel, only between good books and bad books. A good book takes the reader into a new world of experience; it is an experiment. A bad book, unless the writing is inept, reinforces the intransigent attitude of the reader not to experiment with a new world. Since there are criminals and psychopaths and sociopaths in all my novels they are in a way psychological thrillers.
Samael Aun Weor|We need something that encourages us to work, we need an intimate aid. This is only possible through meditation.
Big Daddy Weave|Seeking Your face and not only Your hand, I find You embracing me just as I am.
Charbel Tadros|A highly paid, highly motivated employee who is not allowed to work with his full potential is like a Ferrari which is not allowed out of the garage.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|The great challenge of life is to fit our unique inner world into a shared outer world. Find our space, the pleasure of identification. The tip is to undertake your exclusivity with reciprocity, to be a point of inspiration. The rule is to understand what is needed. The great example is the time that, besides fair, is immaterial, therefore, made of experiences, interaction.
J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace|A good person. Not a bad resolution to make, in dark times.
Unknown|Go ahead, let them judge you.
Greg Dutilly|When it all comes together, it is oddly beautiful and it makes sense.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|When we’re all living in the space of the inner child, loving, honoring, respecting, and embracing its desires, we are at peace.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever find the goodness of grace, departs from wicked acts of evil.
Jen Sincero, You Are a Badass: How to Stop Doubting Your Greatness and Start Living an Awesome Life|There is a great Hindu story about a lady who wanted to meet the god Krishna. So she went into the forest, closed her eyes, and prayed and meditated on making the god appear and lo and behold, Krishna tapped the lady on the shoulder, she, without opening her eyes, told him to get lost because she was busy meditating on a very important goal. When we get so wrapped up in our heads, we miss out on what's available to us right now in the moment.
Clayton M. Christensen, How Will You Measure Your Life?|We should always remember that beyond a certain point, hygiene factors such as money, status, compensation, and job security are much more a by-product of being happy with a job rather than the cause of it.
Clayton M. Christensen, How Will You Measure Your Life?|It is hard to overestimate the power of these motivators—the feelings of accomplishment and of learning, of being a key player on a team that is achieving something meaningful.
Clayton M. Christensen, How Will You Measure Your Life?|These are what Herzberg’s research calls motivators. Motivation factors include challenging work, recognition, responsibility, and personal growth.
Colleen Bader|Sometimes, beyond all else, should be a true passion and investment in driving the result and a lack of fear associated with making it happen.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|If you can’t trust yourself, love yourself and believe in your dreams, it makes it hard for anyone else to trust, love or believe in you.
Devil Dash|Filling up your soul with the depths of your own thoughts, that's just extraordinarily progressive.
Nikhil Shrivastava, Because You Need This!|They say the mind can move mountains, I think it can move the whole god damn universe. Or else how have we travelled to other planets?
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Don't think for second you are not a badass warrior. That's precisely your problem, you don't realize how amazingly brilliant and super kickass you are. Your potential is only limited by your mind.
Ashley Graham|The Internet is a funny place, because it’s a forum for so many awful ideas, body shaming, bullying, and the like. The negative side of social media is that everybody thinks they’re experts with the right to weigh in on.Yet, at the same time, the Internet is a place where women can find solidarity, no matter who or where they are.
Independent Zen|Branding is fascinating. Creating a brand that is authentic and timeless is what entrepreneurs dream of. Dare to be different, dare to dream.
EverSkeptic|The day you start trusting the people who think you are right, more than the people who are actually right, you are on your way down.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Hey, people ... Do not complain about walking on a Monday if you stayed in folded arms on a Sunday.
Ron Baratono|Being a good parent requires being an outstanding sales person. Direct communication and motivating our children, or young adults with our ideals isn't easy. It's a lifetime job and job of a lifetime.
Jervin Balmediano|If you get stuck, get up, and go ahead.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Don't spend the rest of your lives chasing your own desires, but be anxious to do the will of God.
T. Jay Taylor|There is no " i " in team. But there are two in motivation. 
Bryan Bishop, Shrinkage: Manhood, Marriage, and the Tumor That Tried to Kill Me|Instantly, I was overwhelmed with gratitude. I didn't know exactly what I was feeling, but my buddy JD - my best man, whom I had met at Northwestern - has seen his dad go through (and beat) esophageal cancer and explained it to me thusly: "When you have cancer, it's like you're at the bottom of a hole, and you just want to get out. Only it's too big for you to just climb out easily. But every good thing that happens - no matter how small - is like a rock in the side of the hole. You climb up, grabbing one little rock at a time. Had a good doctor's appointment? That's a rock. Feeling a little better today? That's a rock, too. Before you know it, you've climbed out of that hole, one little rock at a time. You just need to find the rocks.
Arthur Koestler, Darkness at Noon|The old disease, thought Rubashov. Revolutionaries should not think through other people's minds. Or, perhaps they should? Or even ought to? How can one change the world if one identifies oneself with everybody? How else can one change it? He who understands and forgives -- where would he find a motive to act? Where would he not?
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Once I realize that the tune I’m whistling in my head is the theme that’s driving my heart, I suddenly realize that the most important question I can ask is, “What are the lyrics?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Make no attachment, so you can flow freely.
Shaun Hume, Ewan Pendle and the White Wraith|If you do not believe in yourself, Ewan, then you will surely not succeed. Pity in ones own downfalls without the sight to rejoice in your strengths is truly the road to ruin. But if you do decide to pat your own back a little more often, then you will find that you are not the only one who believes it a worthwhile exercise. And there will always be those there to do it for you in times when you may not quite be able to reach.
Frankie Boyle, My Shit Life So Far|To all my enemies, I will destroy it.
Scott Stabile|there are no quick fixes. If we want our lives to change, we have to do the work.
Allan Hennessy|It takes a lot of confidence, and self-love and self-worth to realize that you are capable. And that you have every right to leave your lane, and to do things in the same way that other people do.
Alisa Melekhina, Reality Check: What the Ancient Game of Chess Can Teach You About Success in Modern Competitive Settings|Rather than reacting to every obstacle or dashed expectation, incorporate the event into your overall plan. Real life setbacks like rejections, broken promises, and unfair disadvantages will happen. Rethink the meaning behind the emotional triggers and how your reaction will further your purpose. Manage emotions by recognizing their place, but do not allow them to control your moves.
John Calvin|It is not the mere fear of punishment that restrains [man] from sin. Loving and revering God as his father, honouring and obeying Him as his master, although there were no hell, he would revolt at the very idea of offending Him.
Scott Stabile|listen to me,you’ve got this.seriously, you’ve got this.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|Inspiration, Admiration - Motivation [I AM]- a very well defined characteristic of the SOUL.
Cesar Nikko Caharian III|If you're comfortable with solitude, being left out is not a problem
Robert Vanleeuwen|We should look at every woman as we look to our daughters. It is then we find the will to empower, a love that adores & the courage to protect. It is then & only then - we give all women true respect.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Is there any courage, without craziness?
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|Dreams keep us motivated and goals keep us going. But we gotta take action to achieve our goals, to make our dreams come true.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Rats! It's rainy outside,And to be a good fellaInvite a smile so wideNobody needs umbrella!
Avina Celeste|If you needed some sort of sign, here it is. Get going! You can do it!
Murari Sharma|To start any thing is like to breathe in open air, to complete it is like to breathe in no air.
Dan John, Never Let Go: A Philosophy of Lifting, Living and Learning|Embrace lousy days. I’ve learned to remind myself easy days are part of the deal, and a great day is just around the corner.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whatever you have in mind do, for the Lord is with you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be strong, be strong.
Vince Lombardi Jr.|Most people fail, not because of lack of desire, but, because of lack of commitment.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|To become great you have to be good first, and that only occurs by applying yourself. Commit to your passion and refuse to let yourself down.
Brian K. Vaughan, Paper Girls, Vol. 2|The world is a terrifying place, more than I ever realized. But if I had my whole life to do over again, that's literally the only thing I'd change. I'd stop being so afraid of other people.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When the burden is too heavy on your heart. Cast the weight upon the Lord, for he cares that, you call out to his holy Name.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Heavy burden is laid on our hearts, so we do not trust in ourselves. But in God gives grace for endurance.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Thank God, who delivered us from great death, the doom of distress.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|We all have sweet spots when triggered, we unleash our potential. Best motivation is when it comes from within. Find your sweet spots and get motivated to accomplish extraordinary things!!!
Erik Pevernagie|Woe betides anyone getting in the way of people that keep on muddying the waters, throwing up smoke screens and clouding issues, so as to conceal their dubious motivations. ("Could the milkman be the devil?")
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we dare the difficult, we shall find the depth of being.
John Hawkes, Travesty|One and all they are driven by the twin engines of ignorance and willful barbarism. You nod, you also are familiar with these two powerful components of our national character, ignorance and willful barbarianism. Yes, everywhere you turn, and even among the most gifted of us, the most extensively educated, these two brute forces of motivation will eventually emerge. The essential information is always missing; sensitivity is a mere veil to self-concern. We are all secret encouragers of ignorance, at heart we are all willful barbarians.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we have reverence for God, we will have respect for one another.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you pray, you purify your heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you respect yourself, you will respect others.
Blake Mycoskie|I was never really about the money. Every business I've ever started has been more of a curiosity and a kind of "What if...
Lailah Gifty Akita|In times of trouble, turn to God.
Guy Ritchie|There is something about yourself that you don't know. Something that you will deny even exists until it's too late to do anything about it. It's the only reason you get up in the morning, the only reason you suffer the shitty boss, the blood, the sweat and the tears. This is because you want people to know how good, attractive, generous, funny, wild and clever you really are. "Fear or revere me, but please think I'm special." We share an addiction. We're approval junkies. We're all in it for the slap on the back and the gold watch. The "hip, hip, hoo-fucking-rah." Look at the clever boy with the badge, polishing his trophy. Shine on, you crazy diamond. Cos we're just monkeys wrapped in suits, begging for the approval of others.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we fail to listen to music, we shall be miserable.
Lama Surya Das, Awakening the Buddha Within: Tibetan Wisdom for the Western World|New karma is being made all the time. When one acts with a positive motivation, goodness is furthered. When one acts out of negative motivation, negativity is furthered. "We can recondition ourselves to act with wisdom. The important thing to understand here is that you are not a victim. You are your own master. 'As you sow, so shall you reap.
Lama Surya Das, Awakening the Buddha Within: Tibetan Wisdom for the Western World|To just be--to be--amidst all doings, achievings, and becomings. This is the natural state of mind, or original, most fundamental state of being. This is unadulterated Buddha-nature. This is like finding our balance.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without a song, life is a sorrow.
Avisheena|I might be a witness to those who didn't confident in themselves, but I will not be like them.
Nico J. Genes|Just imagine, life to be a dance with different kind of rhythms depending on what music is playing in the background. Sometimes we may dance alone and that’s OK, as some songs are simply meant to be danced like that. Practice! Don’t stop! It’s your dance! 
Vineet Raj Kapoor|A Woman who let out a Sigh Outside a Mansion, should Never ask her Husband Why He Works Late
Vineet Raj Kapoor|​You can't Believe in Yourself, till People Believe in You.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|There are an incalculable—even infinite—number of situations in which we can practice forgiveness. Expecting it to be a singular action—motivated by the sheer imperative to move on and forget—can be more damaging than the original feelings of anger. Accepting forgiveness as pluralistic and as an ongoing, individualized process opens us up to realize the role that our own needs play in conflict resolution.
Anamika Mishra|Mirror mirror on the wall,Show me the one who can conquer it all
RVM|Life is not a Race, but we still continue the Chase and try to be an Ace. It’s time to get out of this Maze and Truly Live with Grace.
Vergi Crush|A simple "Hi" has potential to make you blush, if received from your crush ...
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Loving kindness is the practice of offering to oneself and others wishes to be happy, peaceful, healthy, strong
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|A lack of real love for ourselves is one of the most constricting, painful conditions we can know.
Vergi Crush|As you start and end your day, say THANK YOU for every little things in your life. And you will come to realize how blessed you truly are.
Ymatruz|Indigence is one of those states, politicians less likely wish to manage.
Ymatruz, The Coffee Cries Foul|You see, at young age I had known how bitter taste like and it all started with a cup of brewed coffee.
Chris Guillebeau, The Happiness of Pursuit: Finding the Quest That Will Bring Purpose to Your Life|If you're doing something you love, it doesn't matter that it's challenging. You can keep going for a long time as long as you're motivated- just make sure you choose the right starting point. If you're lucky, as happened with Stephen, Your inclination may even become a vocation.
F.K. Preston|I am a deeply uncertain individual. I often find myself acting like a fool to make the people around me laugh. When they’re laughing, they’re not watching me quite as closely. I smile to put people at ease. But what if I opened my mouth one day, spoke my actual thoughts, and the people glared at my opinions? What if they thought me disgusting or frightening or ugly because of my words? Would you keep your lips shut for the rest of your life to not face that judgment? Just for the sake of someone else’s comfort? For these strangers, who I will never know? If I can’t speak then I’ll write. These strangers, whose opinions crush me, will be forced to listen. Because when they read my words those words will make a home within their heads. They may even end up using my own opinions against me. But at least I’ll be hidden behind the pages of a book.
RVM|Money is important, no doubt it is. But is it everything? That's the question we miss when we make our Choices in Life.
Gitika yadav, Voice of thoughts|Confidence is not what others think about you, it's what you think about yourself
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|The journey to more self love is often a quiet and long road. One without cheerleaders or confetti. Just you and your strong inner conviction to do things differently. There are both triumphs and failures on this road. And when you truly turn a corner you will bask in quiet victory, finally feeling the power you once thought was elsewhere.
Luce Irigaray, This Sex Which Is Not One|Your body expresses yesterday in what it wants today. If you think: yesterday I was, tomorrow I shall be, you are thinking: I have died a little. Be what you are becoming, without clinging to what you might have been, what you might yet be. Never settle. Leave definitiveness to the undecided; we don't need it.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Thank you to all the people who have triggered my issues. You have helped me clarify what they are, start the healing process and ultimately become a better person.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Today I make time to release any burdens that I carry. One by one I release them into the atmosphere, until my body is in a complete state of calm
Renae A.Sauter|When you claim your amazing, limitless self you are simply owning the highest truth of who you are.
RVM|People ask – how can I enjoy life when I have problems? You may have problems, but you can still enjoy life and be Happy.
Nabil N. Jamal|It is not over, unless you stop trying.
Nabil N. Jamal|If you believe all those who are urging you to give up are wrong, prove them wrong!
Nabil N. Jamal|Once you “believe” that you can do it and do take the first step forward, stop doubting yourself.
Nabil N. Jamal|Competition in business is a blessing, for without it, we wouldn’t be motivated to improve.
Nabil N. Jamal|Whether you dream big or dream small, chances are your dream will come true if you believe in it and really work on it.
Nikola Tesla|When I was a boy of seven or eight I read a novel untitled "Abafi" — The Son of Aba — a Servian translation from the Hungarian of Josika, a writer of renown. The lessons it teaches are much like those of "Ben Hur," and in this respect it might be viewed as anticipatory of the work of Wallace. The possibilities of will-power and self-control appealed tremendously to my vivid imagination, and I began to discipline myself. Had I a sweet cake or a juicy apple which I was dying to eat I would give it to another boy and go through the tortures of Tantalus, pained but satisfied. Had I some difficult task before me which was exhausting I would attack it again and again until it was done. So I practiced day by day from morning till night. At first it called for a vigorous mental effort directed against disposition and desire, but as years went by the conflict lessened and finally my will and wish became identical.
RVM|When someone influences you to think negatively, they take Charge of your Life and will lead you to Destruction.
Susan C. Young|You must prune to bloom. If the dead weight is not pruned and removed, it compromises the quality, performance, and output of the vine. When you prune what’s not working in your life, you make the space and place for renewal to happen and for new growth to spring forth.
Susan C. Young|Moments of reflection occur with calm deliberation and careful thought. Imagine the thoughts which would come to you if you would simply allow them. By giving intentional consideration to a situation, you will gain clarity which you may not have achieved otherwise.
Orly Wahba, Kindness Boomerang: How to Save the World (and Yourself) Through 365 Daily Acts|Perfecting your character isn’t a marathon, a race, or a competition. It can only be won in stride with daily motivation.
Vergi Crush|as you know that prior to Search Enggine (google, yahoo, bing etc) our knowledge comes from books. and we often underestimate the cover of the book before reading it. where the universe and everything in it were all neatly recorded in the book .. but unfortunately, lately reduced book reader interest. and tonight I say that the inspiration of the book far more powerful than anything .. not even a lot of writers who took also into his imagination. yes, I started to read
Vergi Crush|I WILL REJECT DEATH IF I KNOW HAND COME"but .....................We would not be able to resist the will of god.Whenever, wherever you are. may god is ready to take your life.and honestly death is only the secrets of god almighty one.
Pich|Never underestimate the power of pain. Once it's revealed, you would see the unexpected result coming up.
Adhish Mazumder|Not all angels come from above. Some are beside you or around you even as we speak. Then why can't we see them? Because we are too busy searching for them elsewhere. We won't find them unless we stop looking for them amongst the demons or in our prayers offered to the Gods. Open your eyes, perceive your vicinity and analyse people - only then will you find the true angels.
Adam M. Grant, Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World|When we're determined to reach an objective, it's the gap between where we are and where we aspire to be that lights a fire under us.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Your thinking has the potentiality to make you a kid or a king, in it lies your enthronement or dethronement.
Vergi Crush|DEAR LIGHT : you colored my life, and then you destroy me!
Adam M. Grant, Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World|When our commitment is wavering, the best way to stay on track is to consider the progress we've already made. As we recognize what we've invested and attained, it seems like a waste to give up, and our confidence and commitment surge.
Adam M. Grant, Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World|Without a sense of urgency , people ... won't make needed sacrafices. Instead they cling to the status quo and resist.' - Quoting John Kotter
Adam M. Grant, Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World|... superb presentations - start by establishing "what is: here's the status quo." Then, they "compare that to what could be," making "that gap as big as possible" - Quoting Nancy Duarte
Adam Grant, Originals: How Non-conformists Change the World|By looking on the bright side, we'll activate enthusiasm and turn on the go system.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Only human can learn from others’ mistakes, and one who doesn’t, ceases to become a human.
Karen Laffey, 7 Ways to Feel Better Right Now|All it takes, is a little spark...
Damini Aggarwal, Zindagi Rewind|Nobody will walk the entire journey with you. Their roads do diverge, so does yours.
Dan Ariely, Payoff: The Hidden Logic That Shapes Our Motivations|Another company came up with an even more brilliant idea --- that nobody could own their own cubicle -- designing the system such that those who showed up to work earliest in the morning could claim the ones closest to the windows. None of the cubicles had anything but a desk, a place to connect a computer, and a chair. No one could establish a sense of connection to their workspace. Ultimately, by setting the atmosphere this way, the company communicated to the employees that they are valued only for their direct productivity and that they are easily replaceable.
Kakali Bandyopadhyay|Don’t be afraid of exploring your capabilities, of seeking adventures, of searching for answers, of pushing the envelope, of finding gaps between the fences. Don’t, be afraid... Period. Life is too short to be a wuss.
Akshay Vasu|May the fire in your soul, burn down all the fences and walls which this society is trying to build around you.
Stephen Hawking|However bad life may seem, where there is life, there is hope.
Sadhguru, Inner Engineering: A Yogi's Guide to Joy|The Yogic system does not talk about God. It does not talk about the soul or heaven. Such talk invariably makes people hallucinatory. Yoga talks only about the barriers that you have set up, because this resistance is all that needs to be attended to. The creator is not looking for your attention. The ropes that bind you and the walls that block you- these are one hundred percent of your making. And these are all you need to unknot and dismantle. You have no work with existence. You only have work with the existence that you created.
Eraldo Banovac|Managers can use power, money or certain circumstances to achieve short-term results. However, motivation is crucial for achieving long-term results.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without the nourishment of the soul, there is no strength of spirit.
Uma Shanker|In a society, IF people place intellect and ethics above money & material , the nation is on the ascendancy. But when it is the reverse, that is, money and material are more important, then it is an indication that the nation is becoming decadent.
John Gregory Brown, A Thousand Miles from Nowhere|Maybe there wasn't, after all, a clear motivation for any of the things that people did. Maybe they just did them for no reason at all or because of stupidity or selfishness or cowardice or anger or for reasons that made no rational sense - because the clouds happened to be a particularly gloomy shade of gray that day, because the barking of an old dog chained to a sycamore tree just happened to sound exactly like the crunch of soldiers' boots on gravel or the hum of bees like an engine in the head driving you mad.
Dipti Goyal|Mind with full of creative ideas and new thoughts, doesn't care what other will say or think.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Information can compel us to want to take action, but information, by itself, is often not enough to motivate action or change.
Sandeep Sahajpal|You are constantly becoming what you have been deserving to be, and if you do not like the scripting, you have all the means to change it for better.
RVM|Learn to accept and bend like the willow. For if you resist, you will break like the oak.
Rachel Hilary Brown, Defusing Hate: A Strategic Communication Guide to Counteract Dangerous Speech|People tend to accept information that confirms their existing beliefs and feelings, and reject information that contradicts them. This is called “motivated reasoning,” and it means that providing people with corrective information often does not work and may even strengthen their original beliefs. This also means that when people receive new information, their existing beliefs and feelings may have more influence over whether they believe or reject this information than rational reasoning.
Olawale Daniel|Network marketing is not for everyone because, NOT EVERYONE has goals. Stop trying to make everyone around you goal-oriented.
RVM|Anybody can Earn and Die, leaving a will and legacy. Only the courageous ones can give away all they have while they are Alive.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Compassion, not castigation is the way to help a person become better.
Laura Busche|It’s been you all along, and it’ll be you all the way. Learn to play up your strengths, embrace your flaws, and pursue your passions. Be gentle when your mind, body, or soul are tired. Value your time and surround yourself with those who do too. Above all, give your dreams the same respect you grant to others’. This is the starting point of all great brand builders: self-empathy.
RVM|In the journey of life, we pass pleasures & pain. There will be sunshine and rain; there will be loss and gain. But we must learn to smile again and again.
RVM|Inspiration moves one from Pessimism to Optimism, from Doubt to Faith, from Despair to Hope, and from Darkness to Light!
Lailah Gifty Akita|As we trust in God, we shall triumph in any trouble.
Natasha Tsakos|I do not feel any obligations toward my lineage, or environment,but an inclination to what feels right.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Every thought you cultivate is a brushstroke on the canvas of your life. Your life then, is an outer picture of your inner thoughts.
Linda Sarsour|We have never been outnumbered, we have only been out organized.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|She is that maze,the one you would love to chase.She is the faith,quite missing nowadays.And her heart is a rave,with hopeless barricades.She is the one,whose tears flow,just as lavishly,as her laughter roars!
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read, we shall renew our mind.
RVM|I’d rather live one year with Love, Peace & Joy, than live 10 years with Worry, Anxiety & Hatred. It is not how long I live but how well I live.
RVM|Let your Creed be to do a Good Deed. When your Focus is on your Need instead of your Greed, you will succeed.
RVM|If you are not Happier than someone, you can’t be Wealthier than him. True Wealth is the Joy that comes from being Content with what you have.
RVM|Life is a Treasure Hunt and we all have the key to it. Unfortunately, many of us don’t unlock it, but take the key to our grave.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you have life, strength and time, it is enough to perform your sacred task.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|In the world we live, we don’t create or destroy- we just convert entities from one form to another. Loss and Sorrow too. If these are growing in your life- remember you are feeding them.
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|Poetry empowers the simplest of lives to confront the most extreme sorrows with courage, and motivates the mightiest of offices to humbly heed lessons in compassion.
RVM|You may have Limitations, but don't let the Limitations Limit you!
Cheryl L. Ilov|When you know what you're doing, you can do what you want." -Moshe Feldenkrais
RVM|Do you earn for others to burn? Why not GIVE as you LIVE, so that when you die, the world will cry.
Genereux Philip|The more I change my old habits of thinking as that little boy with the shell, the easier it is for me to truly be the person I’ve chosen to be.
Charles Duhigg, Smarter Faster Better: The Secrets of Being Productive in Life and Business|When we start a new task, or confront an unpleasant chore, we should take a moment to ask ourselves "why.
RVM|Nobody can steal your Peace of mind, but you can surely throw it away by letting negativity into your Life.
WoodCutters|It is easy to accept a deal, but hard to refuse it.
RealTalkWithNthabi|I have seen what hard work can do, and I know what more it can and will do.
Mark Allen O'Connor|What if one thing resonates with everybody, but it's not the same for anybody?
Pratyush Singh|the more pretty the face is " , "the more dirty past it has
Roman Payne|Ô, the wine of a womanfrom heaven is sent, more perfect than allthat a man can invent.When she came to my bed and begged me with sighsnot to tempt her towards passion nor actions unwise, 	I told her I’d spare her and kissed her closed eyes, then unbraided her body of its clothing disguise.While our bodies were nude bathed in candlelight fineI devoured her mouth, tender lips divine;and I drank through her thighs her feminine wine.Ô, the wine of a woman from heaven is sent,more perfect than all that a man can invent.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|One day, all your worries will set like the sun does and deserved happiness will come gushing like waves at the beach do. All you need to make sure id that your trips to beach never end.
Gabriella Marigold Lindsay, Living F.I.T.: A 40-Day Guide to  Living Faithfully, Intentionally, and Tenaciously|Speak positivity to yourself daily and repeatedly. You can manifest positivity into your life simply by speaking it and believing it. When you're able to speak and see what you want for yourself, you will be able to make the things you seek a reality!
Charlotte Eriksson|No one will come and save you. No one will come riding on a white horse and take all your worries away. You have to save yourself, little by little, day by day. Build yourself a home. Take care of your body. Find something to work on. Something that makes you excited, something you want to learn. Get yourself some books and learn them by heart. Get to know the author, where he grew up, what books he read himself. Take yourself out for dinner. Dress up for no one but you and simply feel nice. it’s a lovely feeling, to feel pretty. You don’t need anyone to confirm it.
Adhish Mazumder|A lot can be changed in a span of a year. A thousand lives can be moulded, a lot many lessons can be learnt and life can show its unpredictability. Even so, one year is enough to prove to yourself that you are worth the struggle that you undertake just to reap a momentary fruit of that labour. If fighting a new fight keeps us motivated each year, so be it. Here is wishing every fighter, struggling to make a break and succeed in life a memorable New Year. Do what you do best and don't trade your passion for fame but rather earn the fame through your passion. May your fight be fruitful this year and your name engraved in hearts of horde in the form of your work.A Happy New Year to all my well wishers, peers, friends, colleagues, acquaintances and readers. May your year be blessed with good fortune and health with added wealth.My message this New Year is that in a world full of possibilities never limit yourself to the sky for what is sky when there is endless darkness beyond to lighten up. Take care.
Toffee, Finding Juliet|Behind every person there lies a story which makes them what they are. Many a time, the story isn’t known to anybody.
Charlotte Eriksson|The final magnificent spark of a firework is only the last seconds of the fall. Though it’s invisible to most, it’s the way up that creates all the impact. 
Janna Cachola|Yesterday was just the tip of the iceberg of awesomeness. Things will get better. Keep smiling, don't give up just yet. Perseverance has an amazing gift for you, just wait you see.
RVM|When the inner Spirit has Liberation, Inspiration is born!
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|It's too late,' she says.And I say 'It's never too late.
Akanksha Wadhavkar ....Author of Motivational poems for starlit souls|They say “The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step’”Get up and take that step!Take baby steps if you want but go for it,Wait no longer…START IT!
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Dear 2016,If I has any defeats in your term, I am glad they were on my terms!Best,The Defeated Winner
Janna Cachola|Passion is the fuel for excellence. Rest, vacation or a payrise can't make you create excellence in your work. Findbwhat makes you passionate about what you do
Akanksha Wadhavkar -Author of Motivational poems for starlit souls|A flower blossoms when there is sunlight,It closes itself in the absence of light..But I am a tree..I keep expanding even at night,I blossom even in the absence of sunlight!Because I trust myself more than anything else,I rely on myself more than anybody else!Self-confidence is indeed my power,Don’t forget..I am a tree..not a flower!
RVM|Learn to be Positive always. In pleasure or Pain, in Sun or Rain, in Loss or Gain, always be POSITIVE!
Tare Munzara|As much as we can fight for material related dreams, we must also fight for intangible progression, in terms of improving our selves. Financial success is important but it doesn't supersede the success of being the best version of your self.. Fight for that, live for that, it will make you powerful, be the best version of your self.....
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|She is the force, that you end upreading about in thick novels. She is the kind of woman, you adore,for being so content with messy hair.She is the kind, who woulddecline whatever the mankind would exalt-and redesign everything that isinclined to remind herof how strongly, the society wants her confined.To this girl, on a romantic date,he asked the question inaccurate-"Honey, why do you always take the roadthat is so untold, hard and loathed?"She thought of giving him a second chance,and resisting any anger-loaded advance,She replied, "Why do you speculate, that I choose my fate,imagining there are two roads?
RVM|If you live in Fear, Success will disappear.
Roman Payne, Europa: Limited Time Edition|Ô, the wine of a woman from heaven is sent,more perfect than all that a man can invent.
Janna Cachola|If people aren't on board with your dreams, there is still that one man canoe. Sail on and slay on with it.
Rob Liano|The odds are, you highly underestimate how awesome you are. Stop doing that.
RVM|Treasure your Ideas, for they are like seeds that germinate in your mind. They Root, Shoot, and Fruit into Concepts & Creativity that are beyond Imagination.
Akanksha Wadhavkar -Author of Motivational poems for starlit souls|This life belongs to you dear,Don’t live under any fear..You are an independent soul..you can do anything,You are a free soul..you can refuse to do a particular thing..You are different from them..you are a different soul,And you cannot get dominated by any other soul!Don’t be rude..be generous …be kind,But THIS IS YOUR LIFE AND NOT THEIRS..keep this in mind!
RVM|Even one day lost in misery is a great loss, for the day will never come back again. You lose 24 hours of happiness, joy & bliss. Live each day in happiness.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|It is high time that you break the shackles of separatism and with the glorious flames of love, compassion and humanism in heart, you assimilate the goodness from all around you. Let love and compassion reign over the modern human civilization and hatred be a matter of ancient history.
RVM|Some people live such boring lives; it’s Black & White, so dead! I choose to color my life with Fun, some Blue, some Green, some Red.
RVM|We will be remembered not by how much money we have left in the bank or by how many buildings and cars we owned, but by how many Lives we have touched and Transformed!
RVM|Far greater than all the material possessions that I possess, is my Freedom to Choose, my Freedom to Live, and my Freedom to be Happy.
Akanksha Wadhavkar( Motivational poems for starlit souls)|A no hurts but a broken promise hurts more, Listening to a no is not easy but a shattered wish stabs more! Don't ever promise anything that you will not be able to give, BECAUSE THE HEART BREAKS INTO A ZILLION PIECES WHEN PEOPLE PROMISE BUT DON'T GIVE .
RVM|The whole world is in constant motion. The earth moves, the clouds move, the waves move and we too must move. Move and reach the destination of your choice.
Anna Kendrick, Scrappy Little Nobody|I think I need to become perfect all at once, so I keep getting overwhelmed and putting it off. I can't remember the last time that I didn't have something hanging over my head. There are usually about thirty to eighty things. Is that normal? Don't tell me. If it's not, I'm a jerk. If it is, that's super-depressing, and I know I'll just use 'this is normal' as an excuse to procrastinate even more.
Janna Cachola|Do not be obsessed with expensive things.Instead, be obsessed with excellence.Things don't make you excellent.However, excellence will make you expensive.
Steve Maraboli|Don’t try to fit me in a box… My life is not one dimensional. I’m the summer breeze and the hurricane… I’m the serene lake and the raging ocean… I’m the gentle poet and the rough warrior… I can build and I can destroy... I can romance and I can ravage... I can be wise and I can be silly... I can and WILL be everything that the length, depth, and breadth of life will allow... KNOW THIS! Your labels don’t limit me… they limit your experience of me. Don’t confuse the two.
Janna Cachola|We weren't born to create excuses, we were born to create excellence.
Steve Maraboli|For me, the most interesting people seem to have the bumpiest pasts. I prefer to connect with someone who has experienced the struggles, battles, and casualties of life’s journey. There is beauty, wisdom, and truth to be found in the scars.
Steve Maraboli|I will not play it safe! I want to experience the length, depth, and breadth of life. I'm not just here for the victories... I'm here for the scars.
RVM|Just because you are what you are, where you are, that does not mean you should continue to be there.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|In a corner you condense yourself and cry- in the same corner you caress and kiss. Life is this, something different each time.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|For every can't, there's a can. Cans are worth money, so you'd better start collecting them.
RVM|It’s a bet – the more you Give, the more you will Get.
Yohann Dafeu|The meal is hot, but still delicious.Life is hard, but still beautiful.
RVM|We salute the Brain, that made the Plane and the Train…But who made the Brain?
Danny Mekić|It is not because of setbacks that most entrepreneurs do not reach the finishing line, but because of a lack of willpower and motivation.
RVM|Don’t surrender your life to a Face, a Farce, a Fence or a Force. Don’t be a Slave, be Brave.
Steve Maraboli|I will not play it safe!I want to experience the length, depth, and breadth of life. I'm not just here for the victories... I'm here for the scars.
Khali Raymond|For the sun to shine, you gotta have some rain. You need the damn rain.
Bridget English|Everyone has the same amount of hours per day, it’s not that you don’t have enough time, it’s that you don’t have a clear focus
Deepak Gupta, Inspiring Life: Motivational Quotes That Can Change Your Life|Decide Your Destination First ,path Will Be Automatically Generated
RVM|Every good act is like a seed that we sow. We don’t know what it will bear, but it will bear some fruit some day.
Tanner Walling|Life is like a storm. At its worst, it's full of blinding fury, rage, and destruction. However, at its best, it is full of striking beauty and wonder.
Dharmisha Cvetkovic, Who Am I?|If we can teach children to think beyond the five senses, we can raise a generation of leaders that will be able to sustain the future.
RVM|The story of money is very funny. Others burn what we earn. Why not give as we live, so the world will cry when we die.
RVM|Look at yourself—Are your eyes Twinkling? Is your heart Dancing? Are your lips Smiling? If yes, then you are truly enjoying Life.
viral panchal|We always think that we are right and we are best, but look at back and if you can see your past the you will be best in future.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If size really mattered, the whale, not the shark, would rule the waters.
Maggie Stiefvater|I built an idea in my head of the hero I wanted to be, a grab bag of traits from heroes, villains, and side characters. I did not have book role models, I had book blueprints.But there remained a huge gap between the person I wanted to be and the person who I was. This was because no matter how many book blueprints I had, as much as I wanted to make myself the hero of my own life, it didn’t matter as long as I kept telling the story wrong.Nowadays, as a storyteller, I know what the problem was. I had all the elements I needed to tell a good story. But I was telling it the wrong way, so I could never get to the ending I wanted.If you tell yourself you’re a winner, you know what kind of story you’re telling, and you will march toward that... Likewise, if you tell yourself you’re a loser, you’ve made that your story, and you will march toward that instead. The same setbacks could happen in the loser’s story as in the winner’s story, but the self-defined loser would let them be proof that they were never going to be anything.Here’s the story I was telling myself back when I was little edible child waiting to be carried away by hawks and making OCD rituals for herself: once upon a time, there was a girl who was afraid of everything. When I was 16, I realized that I knew what this story looked like and how it ended, and it wasn’t the life I wanted for myself. If I wanted my ending to look different, I needed to change the kind of story I was telling about myself. I needed to shape my events into a different genre: once upon a time, there was a woman who was afraid of nothing. At age 16, I legally changed my name from my birthname — Heidi — to one I thought sounded like the hero I wanted to be: Maggie. And I vowed that I would never be afraid of anything ever again.Did it work? No, of course not. Not right away. But it became a mission statement, my hero’s journey.
Cier Galla|God is an author, and we are His best story.
RVM|The Sun, the Moon, the Stars, the Birds, the Animals, the Flowers, are all proof that a Universal Power exists.
RVM|In life, some laugh, some cry, some live, some die. The choice is ours to crawl or to fly.
RVM|Hoping is a great Positive emotion and you must HOPE. But remember, you can’t just Hope for Success, you also have to work for it.
RVM|It is ironic that we are particular about flushing out all the dirt through the Drain, but we continue to retain a lot of it in our Brain.
RVM|Waves in an ocean remind us that just as they come and go, we too will. What matters is did we make a good splash before leaving?
Sara Donati, The Gilded Hour|No one ever does anything our of charity," Anna went on. "Every choice we make benefits ourselves directly or indirectly. Even if it looks like a sacrifice, the alternative would be unbearable in some way. If I hadn't helped I wouldn't sleep well , and I need my sleep.
RVM|Don't expect people to always understand you. Instead, learn to understand them. Then Accept, Forgive & Love unconditionally. This is a sure way to be Happy.
RVM|Play More, Pray More; Get More, Give More…Live More!
RVM|Optimists anticipate problems, welcome them, and challenge them. Thus, eventually they defeat their problems.
Zain Baloch|Never give up, but learn to surrender as well
T.N. Suarez, The Limbo Tree|Write for a cause,NOT APPLAUSEWrite to express,NOT TO IMPRESS.Writing isn’t just about being noticed…IT'S BEING REMEMBERED.
RVM|Instead of trying to understand Life, we must live it. Create a reason to Live and progress on that path every day.
Lateefah Simon|I’m happiest when I’m with young people. Their wisdom, grief, and optimism motivates me to work harder – and inspires me to be better, more thoughtful and to move with increased reverence. I find joy in children.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I’m not going to tear you down… If you’re bad-mouthing me, you’re already down.
RVM|If you don't like the Fruits you are growing, then change the Seeds you are sowing.
Steven Pressfield, Turning Pro|What we get when we turn pro is we find our power. We find our will and our voice and we find our self-respect. We become who we always were but had, until then, been afraid to embrace and live out.
Jeannie Powell, Life, Simplified: More of What You Really Want And Less of What You Don't|Excerpts from Life, Simplified can be found on my website.
Bikash Chaurasiya|One can be kind,one can be helpful,but it takes a heart and an effort to understand.
Donald Pillai|Don't ever forget that life has nothing to do with what you are doing, but has everything to do with what you are being.
Sarvesh Jain, The Awakening Wisdom of Life: Probably the best Quotation Book in the world|You can cage their wings, you can't cage their spirit.
Wayne Chirisa|A mindset that understands order, is a mindset that can understand leadership.
RVM|Wake up in the morning and get into each day, living it in a way that will make you happy and gay.
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|There are some writers who sweep us along so strongly in their current of energy--Normal mailer, Tom Wolfe, Toni Morrison, William F. Buckley, Jr., Hunter Thompson, David Foster Wallace, Dave Eggers--that we assume that when they go to work the words just flow. Nobody thinks of the effort they made every morning to turn on the switch. You also have to turn on the switch. Nobody is going to do it for you.
Paul  Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|SIMPLICIO: ... You have to [learn to] walk before you can run.SALVIATI: No, you have to have something you want to run toward.
Lorri Faye|When your shoulds finally become musts, that's when you will achieve great change in your life.
RVM|With Time, you can create Money, but with Money you cannot create Time. So Time is more valuable than Money.
RVM|Do it because you WANT to, not just because you HAVE to. When you do what you want, you create an Unstoppable POWER.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|An idea without sacrifice, regardless of grand it might be, will never be anything more than an idea.
RVM|Many people are hurt in Life. But the problem is not the hurt. They Curse, Nurse, and Rehearse their hurt instead of Reversing it, and Live miserably.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|I'm saddened by the loss of Black Diamonds that we bury by the thousands every year never knowing the brilliance they possess. I call you my brotherand we embrace with such sincerity while our mother's tears saturate the grounds where our diamonds lay at rest. My question to you, is this innate or hate? We are greater than the current narrative. We must allow the diamonds to shine. May they shine from above.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|There are places and spaces you will never see or know, unless you move NOW!!
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|My thoughts produce emotions which produces action; thus, the action is the outcome of the thought. Show me a man's actions and I can tell you of his thoughts. What are your thoughts?
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Imagine if you were performing at your full potential, the lives you would change - including yours. Just imagine...
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|These are NOT times for dramatization and talking, but meditation and praying.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|As I travel around the country, I'm finding a common denominator - people are hurting and going through regardless of race and creed. The common denominators are people HURTING people. The cure also has a common denominator - people start HELPING people.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|The problem is people want help, but when help arrives you want to tell the help how to help you. Learn to RECEIVE help.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|When you make yourself a better you, you inevitably make a better life for your family. That's the thing I'll always embrace and you should too. Better yourself. Enjoy your life.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|The Good, the Bad and the Ugly: I was watching an old western and started thinking the Good, the Bad and the Ugly are present in all of us. What determines which one dominates is the one that is fed. Which one are you feeding?
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|While watching the current state of America, I have concluded we should welcome the truth no matter how it arrives and justice no matter who or what it affects. When we don't, we become a vessel of mendacity and hypocrisy.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|For the last few days I have been stuck on the power of the touch. I would like to ask a favor - that we touch and agree mentally and spiritually. Going forward, let us take on the mindset of Kings and Queens and govern every thing in our space as such. Expect greatness. Anything less is unacceptable.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|While looking down memory lane, I realized that I have had an unusual and extraordinary life at times. Then it dawned on me, maybe it's because I'm supposed to help unusual and extraordinary lives.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|While sitting in the darkness in complete silence, I never realized how much there was to see and hear. There is sight and sound in darkness and silence. Learn to look and listen.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Whatever a man values, it is there you will find his resources. That which has no value to him, neither he nor his resources nor him will be present. Where can we find you?
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|A Warrior, A Winner has no fear. His only objective is to change the atmosphere, because he knows that then he controls the outcome.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|At times, don’t be forced to play nice with others, especially when their version of playing nice favours them, and is focused on them. Playing nice means working together for a shared result. I’m not sorry for not being able to play nice with everyone, sometimes I only play nice with the best.
Wayne Chirisa|Ineffective leadership, is the plight of followers who anoint power to the autocratic persons who's visions are not founded but are rather arbitrary in their nature.
Janna Cachola|[On doors of opportunity] If that door doesnt open, Dont worry. It was probably best you got locked out than be locked in. Move on the next door.
Nike Thaddeus|Look around you… There! Yes, there!! There's what you need to succeed.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Have you chosen to accept what life has given you, or are you choosing to create your life? There is a powerful difference.
RVM|Why just celebrate birthdays? Why not celebrate every day? In reality, we are born anew everyday. Everyday is a Birthday!
Wayne Chirisa|In order to discover who you are within, you need to attune your visionary world deep in your sub-conscience to the outward world and live it.
Akiroq Brost|If we need to compete with anyone, we need to compete with ourselves. We need to challenge ourselves to be a better version of ourselves. We need to challenge ourselves to do better every single day.
RVM|Life is your biggest Treasure. Enjoy it. If you forget to, it will soon be gone, never to return.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Know Thyself. Once you know yourself and realize that you are a byproduct of the King, once you realize that your existence is tied to Him, once you realize that you are nothing without Him, you then understand that in the middle of the day or in the darkest midnight - you can not only survive, you can triumph.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Sometimes we miss our blessings in life because they do not arrive the way we think they should. Because our minds are so shallow, so limited, we think our blessings have to come a certain way and sometimes we miss them walking up and down the street. Open your mind: get your blessing.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|All human beings desire to be in a better space and a better place. We all want a peaceful and prosperous life for ourselves and our families. When you don't manage your emotions in high stress, high-pressure situations, you get the opposite of what you want. The domino affect impacts how you live, eat and provide for your family. Is it worth it? Never. Control your emotions. Manage your choices. Your life is depending on it.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The true measure of a person is not in what he knows, but what he does with what he knows.
Sabrina Newby|Your skill, strength, and overall survival are offensive to some people. Those are definitely not your people.
Saim .A. Cheeda|Let the spark in you catch fire and burn into the air, so that it may light up the sky.
RVM|If you really want more, then cross the door and get to the shore.
RVM|If your Life is full of Sorrow, then beg, steal, or borrow ENTHUSIASM from a great soul to make your Life whole.
Ralph Leighton, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character|Once I get on a puzzle, I can't get off. If my mother's friend had said, "Never mind, it's too much work," I'd have blown my top, because I want to beat this damn thing, as long as I've gone this far. I can't just leave it after I've found out so much about it. I have to keep going to find out ultimately what is the matter with it in the end.
RVM|Rather than wasting time on yesterday that is gone, it is better to invest your time in Tomorrow that is not yet born.
RVM|The Sun challenges us to Shine, the Clouds remind us to Move, the Birds tell us we too can Fly and the Sky tells us that there is no limit to our Dreams and Goals.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Sometimes to change a situation you are in requires you to take a giant leap. But, you won't be able to fly unless you are willing to transform.
Charlotte Eriksson|Do what ought to be done, here and now, to get you somewhere — anywhere.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Whilst some people inspire, others conspire!
Anjum Choudhary, Souled Out|I was lost for too longbut when i found you,i could feel it in my bones.You were my home.
Anjum Choudhary, Souled Out|I am no one's to be claimed,I belong to me.
Anjum Choudhary, Souled Out|It's okay darling,creative people are called crazyall the time.
Kamal Khanzada|Success doesn't come to you walking, you should move towards it
Danny Gregory, The Creative License: Giving Yourself Permission to Be The Artist You Truly Are|This day is full of extraordinary things that you are missing. Wonderful sights, like the sun on your counterpane, the hairs on your cat's tail, the cracks in the paint on your radiator, the leaves piling up against the curve. Wonderful smells, wonderful sounds. Wonderful people. Wonderful opportunities. Today is wonderful. But perhaps you have lost your sense of wonder.
Kamal Khanzada|People will think while you can do, go and do it
Danny Gregory, The Creative License: Giving Yourself Permission to Be The Artist You Truly Are|Celebrate your life now, as it unfolds. Turn away from judgement and negative theories about your worth, your potential, and your destiny. See what you already have.
RVM|Life is a maze. Don't just gaze. Change your pace, to win the race.
A.G. Roemmers|The best way to solve a problem is not to think of it as a problem but just as a difficulty or a challenge. Technically, the obstacle is the same, but you'll be able to approach it with a positive attitude that sharpens the mind and beats a path towards more solutions in the future.
RVM|I would rather live 10 years doing what I Love, than drag through Life 50 years, hating everyday I Live.
RVM|If you let anyone tie your Wings with Strings, you can never Fly in the Sky! Your Independence, Your Freedom is Your Biggest Gift.
Rohvannyn Shaw|Make sure you spend time learning how to think and learning how to learn. It’s okay to have fun, but try to cultivate interests that might actually be useful. And whatever you do, if you are going to spend time on it, do it well.
RVM|We don't know Where God is, Who God is or What God is… BUT GOD IS!
RVM|Everybody has to die. Why cry, when you have wings to fly!
RVM|Look around! People have faces with no smiles, as if they are carrying heavy baggage. Stop them! Give them a SMILE and see them Light up.
Jim Rohn|Learn to work harder on yourself than you do on your job. If you work hard on your job you can make a living, but if you work hard on yourself you'll make a fortune.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|She generally gave herself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it), and sometimes she scolded herself so severely as to bring tears into her eyes;
RVM|If something happens that causes you Pain, remind yourself that you can’t get the Rainbow without a little Rain.
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|Be yourself no matter what. People don't have to like you, and you don't have to care.
RVM|Life has taught me that money is important, but it's not everything. For, if I have all the money in the world, but no time to enjoy, of what use is it?
RVM|Life is like a river—it keeps flowing, flowing, and flowing till it merges into the sea. Nothing can stop the flow of Life, but you can enjoy the Journey.
Joyce Rachelle|Indifference destroys vocation unlike any other intangible force, for the reason that it shakes the very core of our motivation for doing what we do.
RVM|Like a feather in the air, like a leaf in the sea, I surrender to Thee, I surrender to Thee.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Despair and disappointment are the parent of countless inspired, inspiring, triumphant creations
Syed Shan Asif|Consistency in your interest is the actual reason behind every success, and inconsistency is the major cause of failure
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|Habits are infinitely more beneficial to the aspiring student than motivation. Motivation may get you started, but habits keep you going.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|Just know that the achievement of anything grand takes consistent effort year after year. Motivation can uphold you intermittently, but it has too few calories to sustain a life.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Did you know you could destroy dragons? Dragons are not actually real, they just roar to scare you away from your goals. In fact they are afraid of determined heroes, they take flight at their approach
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Even if everybody says it’s impossible, with determination, there is always something you can do. The last thing is to give up without trying.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Billionaire Mindset (for MoneyMaking Mommies): How to make your Billions and build your legacy|The way our minds work is that one positive thing and one negative thing does not equal each other.Instead, one negative thing can drastically bring down 2 or 3 positive things.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Success in life is not for those who run fast, but for those who keep running and always on the move.
Imania Margria|Some people need a super hero to save them, but I am my own super hero. All I need is myself, my strengths and the fiery passions in my heart to overcome the obstacles in my life.
Mohith Agadi|Frustration is actually a self-served phenomenon, which happens due to no self-control or confidence.
Graham Speechley|You can provide the conditions for the motivation of others and the leadership to help them find a way but they must have the intrinsic spark, the desire, to move, to overcome the inertia of the status quo and change things.
RVM|Every moment of Life is a Challenge to Choose. Some Win, some Lose.
RVM|Life & Death are beyond our control. We can’t control where, how, or when we are born & we can’t control where, how, or when we may die. Then why Worry about it.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|If you've had the time to think about it, then you have time to pursue it.
Imania Margria|Capture my heart and my mind. Become my ultimate challenge, greatest vexation, strongest desire, and most precious blessing.
Imania Margria|I always look towards the light of my desires, so I never forget where I'm going.
Imania Margria|When we release all the negativity in our lives and notice the beauty all around us, we'll see what truly matters in life.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|Refusing to forgive never made anyone feel better about anything. All you are doing is holding on to feelings of upset, anger and jealousy and that can never be good. I once read that being angry and unforgiving towards someone else is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.
Imania Margria|Even if I don't have wings to fly, I'll close my eyes and open my heart; then I'll make love my wings and hope the winds that give me flight.
RVM|Live before the Journey is over, Live before it is too late. LIVE because you deserve to.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When you look down on yourself, you set an example on how others should treat you.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|Do you enjoy your work? Are you happy to get out of bed each morning and dress for the office? If you answered ‘no’ to either of these questions, you are not alone. In a 2014 Conference Board survey, 52 per cent of Americans claimed to be unhappy at work and in a recent CIPD study 23 per cent of Britons claimed to be looking for a new job. In the same survey only about one-third claim to feel engaged with their work. You can see the effects of this in absence, stress and depression. In fact, you can see it in the rush hour in the tired and sad-looking faces of so many commuters.The majority of people I coach are unhappy or dissatisfied with their working lives. They describe their work in so many depressing ways – as ‘boring’, ‘tedious’, ‘mind-numbing’, ‘stressful’, ‘painful’ or even ‘scary’. I hear similar opinions as I travel the world from all types of people no matter what their background, education or choice of career.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|An entrepreneur is a man who knows he can fail, but he does not accept to fail before he actually fails, and when he fails he learns from his errors and moves on.
RVM|Everyday there will be an opportunity to Frown or to Smile, to Drown or to Dance, to be Sad or to be Glad. It's a Choice!
RVM|If you keep doing things that don't matter to you, you will not have time to do things that really do.
Roy T. Bennett|We have to do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|We love being mentally strong, but we hate situations that allow us to put our mental strength to good use.
Charlotte Eriksson|I’m not everything I want to be, but I’m more than I was, and I’m still learning.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If only you could see the greatness in yourself, you wouldn't envy the greatness in others.
Suzy Kassem|In life, most short cuts end up taking longer than taking the longer route.
Mohith Agadi|If you are staying inside your comfort zone, It means you are in a prison and that hinders your life.
Moe Cidaly|No matter what sort of car you are driving or how fast you drive, we all meet behind the same red light.
Radhika Mundra|Life makes us suffer at times if we cruise through such moments and look forward to the light the day brings, that darkness that has crippled our mind can be fought and it can be defeated.
Mohith Agadi|By worrying about the future, We will convolute our present lives.
Imania Margria|Primo, si deve ricordare che il vostro sogno può essere realizzato con o senza che qualcuno di aiuto.Secondo, il miglior aiuto proviene dal vostro cuore e dalla vostra mente.(First, you must remember that your dreams can be realized with or without others' help.Second, the best help comes from your heart and mind.)
Ray Mancini, Zen, Meditation & the Art of Shooting: Performance Edge - Sports Edition|Reason Develops Passion, Passion Creates Motivation, Motivation is the driving force behind all actions = GREAT RESULTS.
Heather Sellers, Page After Page: Discover the Confidence & Passion You Need to Start Writing & Keep Writing|I treat my writing life like a fabulous, enchanting lover, because that is what it is to me. Something that is terribly time consuming, delicious and time-stopping. I have missed important meetings for love, and I will continue to put my writing life in the same position. My writing life is the lover at the center, not the neglected cranky demanding millstone, my ball and chain.When you are love, truly and passionately, you don't have to write down in your daily schedule "Spend quality time with Lover today." You can't not.
Heather Sellers, Page After Page: Discover the Confidence & Passion You Need to Start Writing & Keep Writing|I treat my writing life like a fabulous, enchanting lover, because that is what it is to me. Something that is terribly time consuming, delicious and time-stopping. I have missed important meetings for love, and I will continue to put my writing life in the same position. My writing life is the lover at the center, not the neglected cranky demanding millstone, my ball and chain.When you are love, truly and passionately, you don't have to write down in your daily schedule "Spend quality time with Lover today. You can't not.
Sharfaraz Ahmed|If you want to be successful, put yourself in a discomfort zone.
Prince Akwarandu|Information transforms and command the keys to uncommon destiny in life.ight information, whether social spiritual or physical remains the hub of every outstanding accomplishment on earth today.
RVM|First, know where you want to go. Then, go where you want to go. You are your own pilot and you can choose your Destination.
RVM|Do you want to make your Life exciting? Then find a purpose that will make you jump out of bed each day with Enthusiasm, Power and Excitement.
Jay Watkins|My dreams are a little too big for me now, but I’ll grow into them.
Sara Secora|Above all, protect your inner light. There are those that seek to take it from you.
RVM|I used to worry about my Fears, but I realized that most of the time nothing bad happened. So, I have stopped worrying.
Dr. Asoka Jinadasa|Passion is the fuel that drives ordinary people to achieve extraordinary results by aligning their hearts, minds, beliefs and efforts.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|Today, do what you talked about doing yesterday.
Imania Margria|No matter what happens in your life, keep an open heart and mind with a gentle smile. It's the true beauty of the heart.
Imania Margria|Mystery is what makes women, woman. A woman without mystery is no woman. She is a girl who has yet discovered the depths of her heart.
Imania Margria|The heart is a rare, unique treasure because it is strong and vulnerable at the same time. It is strong in its persistence to sustain life, yet it is vulnerable to both emotional and physical wounds.
Richie Norton|Do you have a personal mantra? Mine comes from a childhood song. "Wherever I go the grass grows greener.
Akansh Malik|Sportsmanship isn't about criticizing the "ONE" who didn't win on "That ONE"day... it's about appreciating and supporting their hard work amidst failures!!!
RVM|It is true that everyone has Problems, and it is also true that every problem has a Solution. If this is the reality of Life, then why not focus on solutions rather than Problems.
Ayushya Chitransh|If it was the last sunset i will ever see, I will keep running in the West, i won't let that sun to set
Mohith Agadi|What others say about you in front of you is not always veracious, find out what they are saying behind you.
Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends|Life can be a real bitch at times and force us to destroy what we created. The important thing is to believe in what we created, to believe in the magic of the moment when we found those people in our lives, keep fighting until life bows down to our wishes and lets them be a part of our existence.
Sheilanda Khoirunnisa|Being success is not an easy thing. It need courage, fight, brave, and time. Let them judge. Just show them the result later. Because a wise man said that success is the biggest revenge.
RVM|If you celebrate Independence Day on just one day of the year, it only goes on to show that you are not truly Free…. Learn to celebrate your Freedom every day!
RVM|Life is made up of Moments. Moments create Days, days create Months, months create Years, years create LIFE. Lose the Moment and you lose Life.
RVM|It’s great to earn, but don’t leave it behind for someone else to burn.
RVM|If the past was what we were meant to see…then behind, not in front, our eyes would be.
Debasish Mridha|You can’t stop the wind, but you can learn to fly.
Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends|Why wish for something that will never be? It ends in nothing but heartbreak. We wish, then we think about how things would be if our wishes came true. And we feel happy thinking about those things. But then we wake up and realise that our wishes don’t have wings. And it hurts because all the happiness that we thought of, was never real. Hold on to what you have, try to find your happiness in what is, rather than what should or could have been.
Preeti Bhonsle|man and dog in rainThis too will pass,and I shall be a better man,said Adam, whenever a storm began.
Jyca Therese Lauron Livelo|Even if others tried to prove me wrong, I know myself that what I said was right.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|No matter where we come from, there is one language we can all speak and understand from birth, the language of the heart, love.
John Bruna|Today is sacred - for it will never come again. What could be more important than living this day with attention and the intention to be of benefit, to the best of your ability, to all you encounter?
RVM|Not truly living in the present moment & later regretting is like closing your eyes when a peacock is dancing, only to want to see it dance once it is gone.
RVM|Life is not just to run and run, it is also not just to have fun. Life is complete when we get something worthwhile done.
Inshan Meahjohn|My friend, be careful what labels you take as truth in your life. It doesn't matter who speaks negative labels over your life, don't give them that power over you. It only matters what You take as truth in Your life! You are a magnificent unique masterpiece of the universe. Go forward and be great, strong, and powerful!- Inshan Meahjohn
RVM|Look at the people around you. Some Inspire you, some Perspire you. Be with those that build Energy in you.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Death, like so much in life, is a lesson, which must be understood and cherished, not feared; it is a rite of passage we all must encounter at one time or another; it helps build our character and makes us stronger if we can endure its painful aftermath.
Cheryl Strayed, Brave Enough|Transformation isn't a butterfly. It's the thing before you get to be a pretty bug flying away. It's huddling in the dark cocoon and then pushing your way out. It's the messy work of making sense of your fortunes and misfortunes, desires and doubts, hang-ups and sorrows, actions and accidents, mistakes and successes, so you can go on and become the person you must next become.
Meraaqi, Divine Trouble|..Breaking yet budding,dying yet living - standingamongst ruins and rage,reaching for possibilitiesplaying hard to get.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Dreams are like puzzles. When all the pieces are missing, it is up to us to find them and decide where and how they fit in.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Sometimes when you are low, you may feel that that there is darkness all around. In such moments, look at a faraway star. Its light seems to be less…very less. However, light is still there. Just because it is far, its light is not visible to the naked eye. You also have a lot of light and energy like that star. Harness it properly and see the effects!
RVM|Very often, we let little things spoil some of our most important treasures—our Moment, our Day, our Life.-RVM
RVM|Tranquility is a Choice. So is Anxiety. The entire world around us may be in Turmoil. But if we want to be Peaceful within, WE CAN.
RVM|Today’s happiness depends on yesterday’s choice, just as today’s choice will determine tomorrow’s happiness.
RVM|We are FREE, not bound like a Tree. We can Move, we can Dance... We can take a Chance!-RVM
Demia Avery|Going through life regretting your past decisions is like being a repeat offender in jail. You never break free because you won't allow your mentality to move on".~Demia AveryThe Roadblock is You
RVM|The Richest person is not the Happiest person, the Happiest person is the Richest person.
Roy T. Bennett|When you begin to do what matters most to you, you let go of preconceived notions of who you are which have been fostered by others and start creating the person you most want to be.
Charlotte Eriksson|Great growth comes from loneliness. You have time to develop, dwell in your own mind and go a bit mad. All great people are a bit mad. That’s good to remember. Don’t escape it. Great growth comes from time spent in foreign lands, watching foreign people with foreign cultures. It makes you forget about your own land and race and town for a while. Great growth also comes from rooting yourself into one place from time to time. Unpack your bags, get a nice bed, a book shelf, some friends. Learn to show up, keep in touch, stick around. Growth comes in all sort of forms and shapes, everywhere at all times, and it’s yours to take and consume. Do what ought to be done. Here and now, to get you somewhere — anywhere.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|To overcome the sadness of our hearts, we must remember the joys of our lives.
Imania Margria|When people tell you that you aren't something or you can't accomplish your dreams, you can either cry about it or prove them wrong.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Grab every chance given and do not throw it away; always cherish what you already have, for you never know when you will receive something of its likeness again; and if you lose what was most precious to you, never stop fighting for it until you have it once again in your possession.
Imania Margria|We always want to hold on tight to those we love; but if we intend to keep those we love, we must let go every once in awhile.
Imania Margria|Leave mystery in your life. Give them a little and keep them wondering. If you reveal everything about yourself, people will lose interest. For as humans, we are curious creatures. We are more interested in the things lurking in the shadows than the things that are brought into the light.
Imania Margria|To know the truth of one's heart, trusting their words is not always the wisest thing because words can be used to deceive you. To truly know the truth which lies deep in one's heart, you only have to look into their eyes. For even though the mouth may speak lies to hide the truth, the eyes will always reveal what the mouth tries to hide.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|It has been passed down in many texts of old and by the word of mouth; that no matter the strength of the weapons of man, there is only one thing powerful enough to defeat them all... The power of love.
Christopher Babson|There is no failure, unless we fail to begin or we fail to continue.
Imania Margria|What you do is your choice. You can make good or bad choices, but there will never be any right or wrong to who you are.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Love, it is timeless. It can transcend the very limits of time and space, as long as it stays forever true in our hearts.
Imania Margria|Sometimes we need to just brush away our pride, break down the walls around our hearts, and open up to those we truly care for.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Beauty is great... But love is greater. With it, you can overcome anything fate throws at you.
Imania Margria|We need to find the light within ourselves, so we can see our true worth.
J.D.  Crighton|Enthusiasm is highly contagious, so what are you waiting for? Contaminate your students
Imania Margria|Brilliance some are born with it, but others create it over time. It lightens the foulest of hearts and pierces the darkest of nights to lead us on the right path of our future destinies.
Amit K Ghosh|If you are not interested in yourself, then nobody is. But there is no reason to be self-obsessed.
RVM|Life is not a Race to Chase, but we realize it only when Death comes face-to-face .RVM
RVM|Most diseases are caused not so much by what we eat, but more by what is eating us.
Deyth Banger|One great film The 33, based on a book The 33 or Deep Down Dark by Hector Tobar. A story about miners, which are locked in a cave and survive 69 days with not a lot of food. The book can't show a lot of images, but if you want to feel everything the film is the best choice, a lot of different emotions, one moment you see anger, other rage and many others... but survive, still remaining brothers up to today!
RVM|Of course, things will go wrong. Move on! Don’t let the little snags affect the progress of your life.
Roy T. Bennett|If you compromise your core values, you go nowhere.
Roy T. Bennett|Your values create your internal compass that can navigate how you make decisions in your life. If you compromise your core values, you go nowhere.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Our hearts may be strong and resilient against the trials of life, but they become weak and fragile against the trials of love.
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|Don't only learn from the rich and successful men, also learn from the poor and those that failed woefully, for in their failures lies the secret of success as well.
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|Don't cheat the foundation of a house because you want to save for the roofing for at the end, you will have only roofed rubbles.
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|Don't sell the warmer for an air conditioner just because its summer, for in winter, you will have to do the reverse.
J.D.  Crighton|If you find yourself wondering if you can go on, remember how much you’ve accomplished. Then raise your head high and be proud. YOU GOT THIS!
Josh Langley, Turning Inside Out - what if everything we've been taught about life is wrong?|Free yourself, unwind, unravel. There’s no right or wrong way, just experience. Learning, understanding.
Imania Margria|I would rather try and fail at something than not try at all. Because if I don't try to do something, I will be filled with wonder on whether or not I could've succeeded, and not soon after that wonder will turn to regret. I refuse to live my life wondering and regretting what could've been. I want to live my life with the satisfaction of knowing I tried no matter if I succeed or fail.
Mohith Agadi|If someone is capable of Hurting you, you must be Capable of not getting hurt.
Imania Margria|The things I do are known to the world, but why I do them is my secret alone.
Wayne Chirisa|Life is not about our personal missions through God, it's about God's mission through our designed purpose.
Joyce Rachelle|Much of what I learned about forgiveness I learned by inhabiting the lives of my characters. Even villains act with reasonable intent. Mercy is easier with understanding. Still, it helps that on paper I can kill them off.
RVM|An external motive can never Inspire you. It will only Motivate you to move, but you will soon stop. Seek Inspiration!
RVM|When we let our GREED become our NEED, we can never be HAPPY indeed!-RVM
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|He’d no longer be a grade-motivated person. He’d be a knowledge-motivated person. He would need no external pushing to learn. His push would come from inside. He’d be a free man. He wouldn’t need a lot of discipline to shape him up. In fact, if the instructors assigned him were slacking on the job he would be likely to shape them up by asking rude questions. He’d be there to learn something, would be paying to learn something and they’d better come up with it.Motivation of this sort, once it catches hold, is a ferocious force...
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|If you wait for the mango fruits to fall, you'd be wasting your time while others are learning how to climb the tree
Mohith Agadi|Those who talk more about others' wrongs are actually Perilous, Be Careful.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|I’m a doer.I do.So. When I say I’m going to do something, I do it. When I say I’m going to do something, I really do it. I throw myself into it and I do. I do my ass off. I do right up to the finish line. No matter what.No.Matter.What.
Imania Margria|Secrets are a part of life. Their mysteries make our world beautiful. Their depths inspire our hearts, intrigue our minds, and embrace our very souls.
RVM|Some people find life boring, there’s too much time. Few find Life so exciting that there’s no time at all and Life just zooms by
RVM|Never worry about the Past, it brings Tears. Don’t think too much about the Future, it brings Fears. Live in the Present Moment with a Smile, it brings Cheers!!
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|It's rewarding if you have an opportunity to do something or to serve, you always give in your best. The world has changed, yes! But that shouldn't make you behave otherwise to the detriment of yourself or your neighbor. What you sow is what you get, sow good seed into people and you will get the best from them. Also, being honest will not get you a lot of friends, but surely it will get you the right ones.
RVM|Whenever negativity makes us drip, Inspiration creates a flip from Negative to Positive.
Md Shahbaz Alam|Learn,Teach n be Innovative
RVM|Think of Today, not Tomorrow. It’s time to be Happy, not live a Life of Sorrow. Find out those things that make you Glad & eliminate those that make you Sad.
RVM|Problems are everywhere, so are Solutions. Unfortunately, we see more of the Problems than the Solutions.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Life teaches us many lessons daily, even from our mishaps, only if we pay attention
Himmilicious|Set backs and failures are the major motivations in life.Some are so painful that don't kill maybe that's why they make me strong, immune and a reason to fight with myself.
Tiffany Schmidt, Hold Me Like a Breath|You've got to pick your battles, Pen, but then fight to the death for the ones that matter.
Mohith Agadi|Butterflies don't know their wings' Colors, but others see their Splendor.
Hiba Fatima Ahmad|If there was no such thing as 'Competition' , would there be such a thing as 'Success
Olawale Daniel|You've got your Brain, Google, and most importantly, you've got Youtube. Use'em!
Olawale Daniel|In most cases, you look for what you don't have. It limits and stagnates you. And unfortunately, you don't know know how to use what you do have. Yes, you've got your Brain, Google, and most importantly, you've got Youtube. Use'em to your advantage! They are powerful channels you can harness for maximum accomplishments in your life.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|What do you expect—not indifference or ingratitude?’ (-Miss Benson) ‘It is better not to expect or calculate consequences. The longer I live, the more fully I see that. Let us try simply to do right actions, without thinking of the feelings they are to call out in others. We know that no holy or self-denying effort can fall to the ground vain and useless; but the sweep of eternity is large, and God along knows when the effect is to be produced. We are trying to do right now, and to feel right; don’t let us perplex ourselves with endeavoring to map out how she should feel, or how she should show her feelings.’ (-Thurstan)
RVM|If happiness always depended on what we had, then the richest would always be Glad, not Sad.-RVM
E. Obeng-Amoako Edmonds|When it comes to the core of who we are, it takes incredible effort to shift more than one standard deviation from the mean of your life.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Let's be grateful to all those who came in before us. Grateful to all those men and women, young and old alike, who paved the path forward for us, brick by brick. To those men and women who marched across the bridge in Selma on that great day, those men and women who rallied behind the Gandhis and the Mandelas every single time they were needed, to those men and women who stood up for voting rights and civil rights and gay rights and equality and justice and a free world, those men and women who invented the future by inventing things that fundamentally changed the world from the electricity to vaccinations, from airplanes to birth control pills, from the printing press to the internet.
RVM|If happiness always depended on what we had, then the richest would always be Glad, not Sad.
Book Editor Angelina|If you are going to write a book,Make sure it is going to be worth reading .
Muhammad Ali|You don’t have to be in a boxing ring to be a great fighter. As long as you are true to yourself, you will succeed in your fight for that in which you believe.
Mohith Agadi|In this beautiful world anything is Possible, but only when we Believe wholeheartedly and try!
Vivek Thangaswamy|When everything seems worse, impossible to achieve, thinking about giving up, quitting? Remember why started first? Trust yourself, tap yourself and say if you cannot make it, no one is going to. Look back, the whole team believes in you, go for it and be a CHAMPION.
Mohith Agadi|Think like a Fox, but don't Behave like one!
QuietStormPoet|But even a vessel pulsates, beats and pumps in ecstasy and in rage!I wonder are the way we are because we are trying to protect ourselves from the “monsters” not realizing this fear that we are harboring inside us is turning us into goblins and ghouls ourselves? Not even a heart caged inside of ribs can be protected. Who can really be to blame for your broken heart?In-turn we find our own vices , our own ways to cope, ways that we petrify our bodies our lives in such a fashion so we can stop and notice the stars sparkling in the sky everything and everyone that embodies love YOUR LOVE… and every spec dancing in our own light, specs we failed to see because of our own faults.
Criss Jami|I do not much trust the man who cares solely to inspire - he does not really inspire me - only the man who cares mostly to tell the truth, whatever that may do. For when the man who cares to tell the truth happens to inspire, I, in addition, find it easier to believe that he in fact does his homework on how and when one should truly inspire.
RVM|While a rich man cannot have more than 1440 minutes a day, a clever man makes more time by using OPM or Other People's Minutes.-RVM
Tess Alley, The Divinity Bureau|When life breaks you down, you have two choices. You can either leave the pieces on the floor... or you can rebuild yourself so that you’re stronger than before.
RVM|When Passion meets Inspiration, an Obsession is born.
RVM|In life, we must first learn to crawl, then stand, then walk, then run, and only then, fly. We cannot crawl into flying.
Sanjai Velayudhan, Dance of the Spirits: A Novel|If you don't make history, you just become history!
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Hope may seem frail. But in the face of adversity, hope can be our strongest ally.
Mohith Agadi|If you have Lost something, there's always something Coming, just live by to see it.
Philip G. Zimbardo, Man, Interrupted: Why Young Men Are Struggling & What We Can Do about It|Western societies want men to be upstanding, proactive citizens who take responsibility for themselves, who work with others to improve their communities and nation as a whole. The irony is that society is not giving the support, guidance, means, or places for these young men even to be motivated or interested in aspiring to these goals. In fact, society - from politics to the media to the classroom to our very own families - is a major contributor to this demise because it is inhibiting young men's intellectual, creative, and social abilities right from the start. And the irony is only compounded by the fact that men play such a powerful part in society, which means they are effectively denying their younger counterparts the opportunity to thrive.
Stefan Molyneux|Record what you can, pursue your passions, connect with the world, fight the good fight, defy evil, shine incandescently as best you can. And it doesn't matter what field it's in but, it does matter that we leave something that accumulates over time.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|There is no gift of principles, you must apply them if you want to move forward.
RVM|In the pursuit of acquiring Treasures, we lose the ONE treasure that we truly possess—Life. Let us not lose Life in the wild pursuit of other things.
Mohith Agadi|Unless you Believe in yourself, everybody see you as an ordinary stone, not Diamond.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|When you know your role in life, living makes sense because of clarity, and the loads become enjoyable to carry.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|A lot of people pray for power, house, financial breakthrough, wealth etc. But only few ask God for wisdom. There are so many great power pack man and women of God who lack wisdom.
RVM|Just because you have problems, it doesn’t mean you should not have Dreams. Instead, let your Dreams become the scheme to solve your problems.
RVM|Learn to surrender, because sometimes, when there is no way, surrender is the way.
K Hari Kumar|You can either follow your dreams or adjust with your society's expectations... Either way, consequences are uncertain... the path to glory or the boulevard of mediocrity, both lead to the grave... Choose what's worthwhile, for the end is the same.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|God's word will produce with your level of understanding. The much you can understand it, the more wisdom you are privileged to have.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The money you are looking for is not in any country, phd or your designer outlook, it is in wisdom. Solomon never prayed for wealth but he asked for wisdom.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Wisdom cannot be bought from the walmart, it can only come from the Holy Spirit of God.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|School does not make people, it is learning that makes people great, that is why you see first class students fail and poor. The world is not ruled by those who went to school, it is ruled by those who learn everyday.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Understand something people, we will be hated by many in the name of Christ, ridiculed, mocked, stoned, slaughtered. We will be fined, jailed and killed for our love for Christ. You are supposed to see better with your eyes today, how close this is happening, just prepare your heart and soul to be braver than Peter and not deny Christ in the moment your life might be in jeopardy for Him and what you believe. Apostle Pauls says to live is Christ to die is gain.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If you want to see the beauty of any fish, throw it into the water, you will see how best it can swim because that is its source. Do you want to see the beauty in you? Don't look in the mirror, don't put on makeups, no jewelleries or expensive designer clothes, just go back and reconnect to your source and I bet, the best of you will show up. Until you return back to God, your best won't come out because He is your source.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If want to become a person with vision, get back and reconnect to your source.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Faith is never connected to safe. There is no faith without tension. For a rubber band to function to it's elasticity, it has to experience a tension. Saints of God who has no tension has no function.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If satan succeds in blinding your mind, he has succeeded in arresting you because anything that can stop you from believing can stop your future.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Without you discovering your true picture, it will be hard to have a glorious future. It is the discovery of what you have inside and the pursuit of it that can guarantee a glorious future
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If knowledge is lacking, your destruction is inevitable. Hosea 4:6
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I think it will be better if we can live our life as if Christ is going to return today and plan our live as if it is hundred years off. Keep living, serving and most of all be prepared.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Wherever problem persist, wisdom is lacking. There is no problem anywhere except wisdom problem. Wisdom provides solutions where there is complications.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The devil comes to steal, kill and destroy and his followers do the same. Be watchful and keep that in mind.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When wisdom comes, transformation comes. Wisdom makes the difference between the succeeding man and the failing man.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|SOUL SHINEYou know that thingYou do so well,That little sparkYou hideIn the dark,That you thinkNobody knows about –ButYou?Well,Did you knowThatThere'sA gleamThat you beamWhen you talkOr doAnything,That everyoneKnows about –ButYou?
Imania Margria|I love being high. High on Life, High on Love, High on Hope, and High on Faith.
Imania Margria|When we can see the star of desire in our sky, we can use our wings of hope and our air of love to reach it.
Imania Margria|To dream is to desire, to desire is to long for, to long for is to want, and to want you must work to attain all you dream of, desire, long for and want.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Even though it may look like the wicked is gaining ground, God is still in control. We need to pray for our nations, pray for others, pray for forgiveness and mercy over people. We need to love no matter who we are talking to, whether they are Atheist, Moslems, Lesbians, Homosexuals or Pagans. We need to love them and share the love of God with them and not judge and see if we can rebuild our broken nations.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Sure we all need money but what do you really focus on? It is a matter of the heart. If your thoughts are on material and worldly things, no good fruits can come out of it.Seek the kingdom of God first and the other things shall be added unto you not vice versa.
Patience Johnson|If all you are looking for is a miracle you are wide open to follow the antichrist and the false prophets because they are going to have a big league of signs and wonders ministry.If signs and wonders do not bring glory and honour to Jesus Christ, then you must be watching a false prophet whose anointing does not come from the Holy Spirit of God.
Tisha Marie Payton, MHR, Live Self-Sufficiently: The 12 Step Living Guide|Speak positive affirmations into fruition. For instance, if you feel frustrated or anxious, you can say, “I am calm, and I can work through my situation to arrive at a positive outcome,” or “I am at peace with all things in my life, and success finds me easily.
Barun Singhania|I will follow my visions and dreams, no matter what...
RVM|LOVE is meant to make you Happy, not sad. What's the use of Love, if it makes you mad!
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Hope, strive and try to be more like Christ until the day we will see Him. Let Him find you faithfully and in obedient serving Him. He is coming quicker than people think.
Patience Johnson|The closer we try to get to God, the more we will hate to sin in our own lives, the more we are saddened by the thoughts that runs through our minds. I also think that the more we draw closer to God, the more God will honour us and will open doors for the right things to happen in our life.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When we are preoccupied with wealth and material acquisitions, it chokes God's word in us and makes it unfruitful. But if we follow His plan of being prosperous you will enjoy the blessings of this life.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Our life is not in stuff, focus your attention on Christ where it should be. Prosperity and wealth has damaged the body of Christ. God takes pleasure in the prosperity of his children but don't replace him with material.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|We are so much distracted nowadays. There is so much distractions in the world today call it internet, media, football matches etc. but don't let it consume you.
RVM|The Wind that Blows, the Water that Flows, the Sun that Glows, are all proof that a Power exists. Believe and Experience the Universal Power.
Kamand Kojouri|The more we surrender to what cannot be, the better we control what can be.
Nikki Rowe|Your attitude will either make or break you, we cannot change fate and the tragedies that enter our lives but we can choose how we want them to change us.
kurbhatt|let's forget the hope, it's the secondary thing to motivate.the primary one is to approach for it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|No man's advice can change you unless you speak to yourself. Bible school or seminars can't change you, going to church can't change you except you decide to change.Psalm 139:23 - 24
RVM|Don't just Hurry, don't just Haste. Don't just Worry, don't just Waste. Life is a Treasure, Enjoy the Pleasure.- RVM
Unknown|I don't guarantee you to be a good man,I promise you will be a better man
RVM|You spend your TIME to make a DIME. You lose your HEALTH to make your WEALTH, but at the end it is FUNNY because you leave back all your MONEY.-RVM
Deyth Banger|What I keep in secret, it makes you to get closer as fast you get to the secret and you reveal it. You don't have anymore the "want" or the "will" or the "motivation" which to make you want to like me... It's the truth, the truth ruins, the secret devastate the stuff and the lie just makes corrections in the correction but all in the end is in one place and it's really screw up.
RVM|To reach your Destination, you need a Direction, but you can't get there without Inspiration!- RVM
RVM|Even with all the Lace, you can't be an Ace without God's grace.- RVM
RVM|Celebrate Life. To truly live, Celebrate each day of Life. Let each day be a Festival of Joy.-RVM
Frederick Espiritu, The Path to Awesomeness: Becoming Super, Being Human|Don’t measure how far still you’ve got to go, but how far you’ve already gone to get to the point where you are now.
Clifford Cohen|You can do anything…but before you can do anything, you have to do something.
RVM|Have you ever paused to be Grateful? For eyes to see, nose to smell, ears to hear, tongue to taste, hands to feel, head to think and heart to love?
Shah Asad Rizvi|When the melody plays, footsteps move, heart sings and spirit begin to dance.
Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit|The secret of making lasting change is to acknowledge and accept that real change takes time and patience. We didn't get chronically ill overnight. We didn't gain weight in one week or even one month. Good chance, it may take us longer than twenty-one days to overcome whatever we're facing. Whether it's something physical, emotional, spiritual, or a combination, we may need to be realistic in our goals for meaningful change to happen. The first step is getting started!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Make your book of life a musical. Never abandon obligations, but have fun leaving behind a colorful legacy. Never allow anybody to be the composer of your own destiny. Take control of your life, and don't allow limitations implanted by society tell you how your music is supposed to sound — or how your book is supposed to be written.
Jeff VanderMeer, Annihilation|I am just the biologist; I don’t require any of this to have a deeper meaning. I am aware that all of this speculation is incomplete, inexact, inaccurate, useless. If I don’t have real answers, it is because we still don’t know what questions to ask. Our instruments are useless, our methodology broken, our motivations selfish.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Dance resides within us all. Some find it when joy conquers sorrow, others express it through celebration of movements; and then there are those... whose existence is dance,
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|This feat I also had no idea how to accomplish, but ignorance had never stopped me from taking action before.
Olawale Daniel|You ain't get nothing for staying low, lazy. The world only tremble at the feet of the few craziest doers ever lived.
Maggie Denhearn|Given the opportunity to help us with our dreams, the Universe does not disappoint.
RVM|Tranquility is a Choice. So is Anxiety. The entire world around us may be in Turmoil. But if we want to be Peaceful within, WE CAN.- RVM
Debasish Mridha|To go somewhere, start going.
RVM|Today, I will look around & enjoy all the beautiful things that are around me rather than yearn for things that are beyond my control & become miserable.-RVM
RVM|Why destroy this Morn, by a Past that is dead & Gone and a Future not yet Born!-RVM
Saru Singhal|People would say - to break free, to soar, and sadly, to chop your wings too. The moment you listen to them, you voluntarily put yourself in a cage. Be a free soul - fly or fall on your own terms.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|...man's life must be a straight line of motion from goal to farther goal, each leading to the next and to a single growing sum, like a journey...
RVM|With Inspiration, Liberation and Determination, you can reach any Destination.-RVM
Kalon Jackson|Many people will try to Sell you a Dream, its Your place to let them know you Already have one!
RVM|Move on, don’t let the little things of Life hold you back. Forget, Forgive, and Move on.- RVM
Deyth Banger|Guilt is motherfucker,... it takes everything motivation, aspiration and soul. (Kill Game 2015)
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Pat yourself on the back when you win.And when you don't, just keep moving!So long as you don't stop moving,Soon you may realize just how close you are to winning!
Nikki Rowe|We all have the power within us, to make something of ourselves, the thing is very few believe it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Search, search.
Walter Isaacson, American Sketches: Great Leaders, Creative Thinkers, and Heroes of a Hurricane|Henry Luce to his Time magazine writers: "Tell the history of our time through the people who make it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|As I explored my soul, now I know I have survived schizophrenia; hearing voices, reduced social engagement, emotional expression and lack of motivation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is no limit to what you can do, be determined!
Lailah Gifty Akita|When you are angry, be still and do not speak.
RVM|The only thing that belongs to us is our LIFE. Yet, we waste it in the pursuit of meaningless things that will never belong to us.- RVM
RVM|Just like waves in the ocean come and go, no challenge is permanent. Problems will come and go too. We must enjoy the Challenges just like we enjoy the Waves.
Samer Chidiac|You might be on the right track, but you can't just stand there!
Samer Chidiac|When you dive into your past, remember to go back up quickly.
Hajar Charkaoui|There is nothing more fascinating than the fusion between power and mystery in our great, little treasure: the human brain.
Amit  Chatterjee, Ascent: A Practising Manager's Growth Mantra|The Practising Manager’s Growth Mantra-Growth in an enterprise is created through remarkable achievements, not incremental achievements like efficiency or effectiveness.-Remarkable achievements are possible only in complexity.-Only volitional engagement can work in complexity. Luckily, there is no certainty in complexity. Hence, motivational engagement cannot work.-People who make choices based on the purpose can only be volitionally engaged—they are the growth managers, the leaders.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You ought to explore, search and seek the boundless possibilities in life.
RVM|Don't be so busy making a living that you forget to enjoy your Life. Today, make a commitment to Enjoy Life.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|When you're a black woman, her mother said, ain't no hiding what you are. Day you try, is the day you die. Stand tall, smile bright, and let 'em wonder what secret's making you laugh.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You can prepare for any challenge, if you daily nurture your mental, emotional, physical and spiritual well-being.
G. Linehan|All I had was a dream and six million pounds.'Denholm, The IT Crowd
Lailah Gifty Akita|Love, faith and hope can cure any ill-health.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There are endless opportunities in life. You have to explore, search and seek the diverse options.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are confident, you have the courage for existence.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you listen to music daily, you find strength of survival.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You can renew your spirit and strength, if you take time to rest your soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|May your heart be melted with faith, love and hope.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When we can accept reality as it is and are okay with it without needing to change it, we then can begin to take steps toward creating a brighter reality for ourselves and others, coming from a place of understanding. But when we are motivated to change reality due to our discomfort with it, we do not think clearly. The reason that there is so much suffering in the world is because people are too busy judging everyone and everything, and through the judgments they perpetuate the suffering. People are so focused on changing outside conditions, all the while forgetting the judgment and separation within their own heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Look forward, in the direction of sunshine.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Champions never sleep, the eternal spirit keep them alert and awake.
Victor Frankl|don't aim at success - the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. for success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side-effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by - product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it
Steve Maraboli|When you pursue your goals with passion, you will attract people who love you; but you’ll also attract haters. I’m okay with that; I welcome it. I don’t want to live life as a spectator. I’ve learned that if no one is cheering you on and/or booing you; it means you're not in the game.
Pauline Seaport|Have a dream or vision? Keep striving toward it, never give up on it, pray about it and ask God to bless it. And no matter who doesn't believe or understand it, it's because it’s not for them, it's for YOU.
RVM|Decide to be HAPPY when you start your day. Commit to put JOY in whatever comes your way. You may be hurt by what people say, but don’t let anyone spoil your Day.- RVM
RVM|Far greater than all the material possessions that I possess, is my Freedom to Choose, my Freedom to Live, and my Freedom to be Happy.- RVM
RVM|Even one day lost in misery is a great loss, for the day will never come back again. You lose 24 hours of happiness, joy & bliss. Live each day in happiness. - RVM
RVM|It’s a bet – the more you Give, the more you will Get.-RVM
RVM|People are like pistachios. Some of them open up easily, but there are others who need to be really broken to get into.- RVM
Toni Sorenson|Progress isn't about how fast or how far you are moving, it's about the direction your heart and body is pointed. Keep those aimed at your truest north and you'll get to where you want to be.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|We avoid risks in life only to die, and end up facing the greatest risk which is having lived life risking nothing at all.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people together to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.
Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World|If you give up every time you don't achieve the immediate gain you want, you're just guaranteeing that the worst is going to happen... You can't expect an easy victory after one protest march.
Unknown|Blood, sweat and respect. The first two you give, the last one you get.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|I promise you that the moment you unwaveringly commit to your own vision, seen and unseen powers will unite to make that vision a reality.
Toni Sorenson|Our lives reflect our inner image. If we think we’re worth it, that worth will manifest in our lives. If we think we’re not worthy, we’ll live in lack. Believe your worth it and you will become worth it.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Regardless of your past, of your own beliefs, I promise you that you are worthy of the remarkable life you so want to live.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Dreams are blueprints and what good are blueprints until a carpenter goes to work? Dream big, and bold and brazen, but then get off your butt and do the work to realize your own dreams.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|You must give permission for people to alter your thoughts. No matter how hard they knock, they can’t get into your brain unless you open the door.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|I challenge you to destroy whatever roadblock is keeping you from moving forward. Destroy it with your physical body if you must, but first, destroy it with a power greater than a nuclear bomb—the power of your mind. Think it gone and it will go.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Here’s the three-ingredient recipe for a glorious day: think a higher thought, move your feet forward, serve someone you’ve never served. Do those three things and your life will improve in a millisecond.
Vincent H. O'Neil, Death Troupe|I’ve never liked the term ‘actor’.” Barron spoke slowly, joining hands with the cast members to his left and right. The rest of them formed a circle, also holding hands, and he continued. “Seriously now, is anyone here ‘acting’? Is anyone here pretending? “Me, I’m a theater director. One hundred percent, all the time. I’m not pretending, or acting, or trying to fool anyone. This is what I do, and I give it my all—just like you. I look around me, and I don’t see a single phony. I see people who give their hearts, their minds, and their very lives to being serious performers on the stage. In the last weeks I’ve watched every one of you give up the easy life to come here and bust a gut to make this show a reality. “That’s why I call you performers. Not actors—performers. Because when it’s time to prepare, you work out every nuance of a role. When it’s time to step in front of the crowd, you reach out and pull them in with both hands. When it’s time to say your lines, you deliver them with skill and meaning. That’s performance. And there’s nothing phony about that. There’s nothing pretend about that. There’s no acting that will take the place of that. “And so that’s my wish for you tonight: Have a great performance. You’ve done the work, you’re ready, and now it’s time to show off. Have fun out there, gang. Perform.” --Jerome Barron's opening night pep talk to the cast of Death Troupe
RVM|Have your own convictions. Believe in the laws of your conscience because if you believe in everything, you become nothing. -RVM
Adam Smith, The Wealth of Nations|Public services are never better performed than when their reward comes only in consequence of their being performed, and is proportioned to the diligence employed in performing them.
Adam Smith, The Wealth of Nations|The natural effort of every individual to better his own condition, when suffered to exert itself with freedom and security, is so powerful a principle, that it is alone, and without any assistance, not only capable of carrying on the society to wealth and prosperity, but of surmounting a hundred impertinent obstructions with which the folly of human laws too often encumbers its operations
RVM|Play More, Pray More; Get More, Give More…Live More! -RVM
Toni Sorenson|Go for broke, my friends. Straighten your spine when you step to the podium. Trust your own tongue. Believe that your weary legs will hold you until you reach the finish line. And reach it you will if you give it your all. Fall if you must, crawl if you must, but don’t you dare give up or give in until you’ve made it to the end. For at the end is where your great reward will be to begin anew. A new chance. A new life. A new you.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|My courage and my resolution is firm; but my hopes fluctuate, and my spirits are often depressed.
RVM|To live with Faith, eliminate Fear. Only one can exist in our Life at any point of time. -RVM
Daniel Bates, When Parenting Backfires: Twelve Thinking Errors that Undermine Parents Effectiveness|High demands and expectations without skill development, encouragement or the feeling of a “win” will lead to resentment. Demanding perfection is exhausting on the part of the person making the demands and on the person of whom the perfection is demanded.
Shampa Sharma|There are many ways to love, but mutually is the luckiest.
Shampa Sharma|Pray, which day is not a women's day!?!
Justin Alcala, The Devil in the Wide City|I don't imagine book elitists as my audience when writing. I dream about teachers, morticians and garbage men instead.
Toni Sorenson|Don't ever let your day end in "could haves" and "should haves." Life is meant to be one experience after another. Say yes to everything that is good for you.
Toni Sorenson|The greatest tragedy in your life will not be the death of a loved one or a natural disaster; those things hurt like hell and devastate to the core. But loss like that is part of life. What’s not necessary and is therefore most tragic is the demise of your truest identity, your dying before you’re dead, the moments when you let the words and judgments of others define who you are instead of rising above that pain to be the person you were meant to be. No matter what has happened in your past, you are still capable of becoming a better version of who you are at this moment. Think right. Believe the voice inside of you that speaks the truth. You are a divine marvel. Act like it. Live like it.
Solange nicole|Men still think women will like who they are, not realizing: it's what they can do for a woman that sets the man apart.
Daniel Kahneman|We all care intensely for the narrative of our own life and very much want it to be a good story, with a decent hero.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|If we are what we repeatedly do, how many times did you express gratitude today? Showing that you're grateful is the only way to be a grateful human being. Saying the words is not enough; you have demonstrate it through deeds.
Aayush Jain|He never looked back, the day he realized the power of presentations.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|It's not just the thought we think that matter; it's how we think them, how long we think them, and how often we think them. A thought has to be thought again and again in order for it to embed in our brains. So to fade a thought or get rid of it altogether, stop thinking it.
RVM|INTROSPECT. Dive deep into your own Life and think...Think..."How have I lived ?" "How can I make my Life better?" -RVM
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|The origin of the word fail means to stop functioning. So as long as you haven't stopped, you haven't failed.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Success demands a price that only a few are willing to pay ... blood, flesh, time, money, pride, heartbreak and energy. Anyone who has ever succeeded has the battle scars to prove the sacrifices they've made.
Amitav Chowdhury|Happiness is not something you pursue, it is a state of mind and a feeling of positivity, within.
Syed Ahmad Fathi|Everyone will grow older, but few will grow wiser.
Lin-Manuel Miranda|[WASHINGTON]It’s alright, you want to fight, you’ve got a hungerI was just like you when I was youngerHead full of fantasies of dyin’ like a martyr?[HAMILTON]Yes[WASHINGTON]Dying is easy, young man. Living is harder
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To evade arrogance, remind yourself (from time to time) that your talent or success could have been better. To be thankful, remind yourself (every now and then) that your illness or failure could have been worse.
Lidiya K., This Moment|Your life looks like a prison because you focus on the things you wish you had and thus don’t appreciate what you already have.So why don’t you try to see the abundance in your life? Because, if you haven’t noticed, you’ve got many things to thank for. Just look around.
Michael R. French, Once Upon a Lie|Rationality and calm self-determination were one of the great illusions of the universe... in the end, we were all ruled by our passions.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Only a writer "with Bennett's craft and brass could manage to praise and insult his readers at the same time.
Toni Sorenson|New thinking doesn't mean shuffling your old thoughts around; it means getting rid of the old and implementing the new. That way your, "I can't" become "I can!" and "I did!
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|While JFK had made the sale on a political level, he had not yet completed it on an emotional one.
Nikki Rowe|I don't believe in the word " incurable " I believe to find a cure we need to deconstruct the cause.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Lincoln on a desire to hear Horace Greeley speak: "In print, every one of his words seems to weigh about a ton.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|At times, said the founder of the Chicago Tribune, Lincoln seemed to reach into the clouds and take out the thunderbolts.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|I have not done enough for effect." Horace Greeley
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Your future, hopes and dreams should never be tied down to anybody! The strength lies inside of you to decide at any moment your direction.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Once you learn how to straighten out your thinking, your life straightens out. Problems that were too complicated to deal with have solutions. There's peace where there was chaos because there's power where there was weakness. A strong life begins with a strong thought. A healthy life begins in a clean brain.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|James Gordon Bennett said he aimed to be, "serious in my aims but full of frolic in my means.
Daniel H. Pink, Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us|...if people do things for lunk-headed, backward-looking reasons, why wouldn't we also do things for significance-seeking, self-actualizing reasons? If we are predictably irrational - and we clearly are- why couldn't we also be predictably transcendent?
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Public sentiment is everything, said Lincoln. With public sentiment, nothing can fail. Without it, nothing can succeed.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Fair mindedness doesn't require a lot of thought, it requires a lot of bravery.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|To have a flexible, open, clean mind, you have to do three things: exercise it, accept new ideas, clear out the clutter. Be willing to change your mind when it needs changing.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|The mid-19th century was noted for a partisan, rather than a consensus press, but this partisanship was able to turn out voters consistently.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|In order to be a success, you must think like success. Get up and move! You got to make things happen.
Sira Masetti|Sometimes great achievements arrive much later than we expect, but they arrive, and they are great.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Greatness can be contagious, but first there must be contact.
Nikki Rowe|The human spirit holds remarkable strength, in times of adversity and pain, some stand taller after they've fallen proving that you can't measure a want, a desire or a dream on the logic of physical reality.
Geetanjali Mukherjee, Anyone Can Get An A+: How To Beat Procrastination, Reduce Stress and Improve Your Grades|Start anywhere, with whatever is in front of you. The key is to begin - and to trust that as long as you’re putting one foot in front of the other, eventually you'll get to where you need to, or at the very least, much farther than you had initially imagined.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|In the infancy of society every author is necessarily a poet, because language itself is poetry. – Owen Barfield
Leo Tolstoy|Mento mori—remember death! These are important words. If we kept in mind that we will soon inevitably die, our lives would be completely different. If a person knows that he will die in a half hour, he certainly will not bother doing trivial, stupid, or, especially, bad things during this half hour. Perhaps you have half a century before you die—what makes this any different from a half hour?
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Motivation is a state of mind, just like discouragement.
RVM|Don’t just GO through life, GROW through it. For Life comes to you only once, never to return! Climb the Ladder of Life, step by step.-RVM
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|If you want something bad enough, then do something about it!
rahul kushwaha|in our life many moments which can only be set-forth as best and described as perfect, only these are the moments that you wish were rooted in heart, in mind, in time, and effectively ignore all kind of cruelty and sadness this world has to offer. Unfortunately we can not prevent it from our life, because fortunate or unfortunate finally we’re all going to have to live it. And as perfect as a moment is, don’t be shocked, don't be scared to let it go and confront the world with your true-cent, with your positive impact and move forward in this unstable/unexpected journey of life. As appealing it is to have that one moment where life made sense and beautiful frozen in time, remember that there are many more ‘perfect’ moments fabricated on your way waiting for you…to sweep over the challenges of life to make each moment worth it..
Oksana Rus|I celebrate myself, I paint and dance and sing myself, and what I assume you will assume, for every atom as of me as good belongs to dreamy You. I am a song. I am a poem. I am the soil and a gem. I am a stargate and a voyage. I am the ocean and your soul.
Nikki Rowe|Growth is ugly, it's hideous, it's all the things we don't like but my god, once you walk through the fire of confusion you will feel burning passion within your flame.
Shampa Sharma|Take the time out to have a look at yourself, it might help you to appreciate yourself better.
Shampa Sharma|When you love your work, it works better.
Daniel H. Pink, Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us|Motivation 1.0 presumed that humans were biological creatures, struggling to obtain our basic needs for food, security and sex.Motivation 2.0 presumed that humans also responded to rewards and punishments. That worked fine for routine tasks but incompatible with how we organize what we do, how we think about what we do, and howwe do what we do. We need an upgrade. Motivation 3.0, the upgrade we now need, presumes that humans also have a drive to learn, to create, and to better the world.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Words are catch-basins of experience, fingerprints and footprints of the past that the literary detective may scrutinize in order to sleuth out the history of human consciousness.
Robert A. Heinlein, Have Space Suit—Will Travel|I had never been much interested in Pluto, too many facts and too much isolation.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|The darkness of the room is pulsing with gunfire, and by our standards we are grossly outnumbered - there are only three of us to every one of them - but something is tipping things in our favor. Our manic speed is uncharacteristic of the Dead, and our prey are not prepared for it. Is this all coming from me? Creatures without desire usually don't move quickly, but they're following my lead, and I am an angry whirlwind.
Saim Cheeda|It is not the presence of despair that ails you, but the absence of hope.
Khali Raymond, Ghanport's Finest|I have to hurt other people in order to get what I want, I don’t have a choice but to. In life, you gotta do the right things for the wrong reasons. Or the wrong things for the right reasons.
RVM|I am the Richest man on earth because I am the Happiest man on earth. After all, isn’t Happiness the Greatest Wealth in Life? -RVM
Dan Alatorre|Honesty makes stories real and characters memorable. From there, taking them to where they need to go will be all the development they need.
Dan Alatorre|I take the rawest, realest moments in anyone’s life and I open them up and lay them bare. The innocence of a five year old child, the awkwardness of a teenager’s first sexual encounter, the heartbreak of longing for a relationship you can’t have, confronting the possibility of the death of your newborn child, whatever it is, you open your soul and put it out there and dare the world to read it, ready to have them stomp on you and laugh, but ready to do it again the next day. You have to put yourself out there as a writer, you can’t play it safe. Great writing isn’t safe.
Zamreen Zarook|If you want to achieve, identify your passion. Ultimately your passion and the vision makes your destiny
RVM|Life is not a puzzle to solve. Stop, Enjoy the Journey!-RVM
Zamreen Zarook|You cannot go back to your past and erase or do alterations, but today you can have a new start
Jess "Chief" Brynjulson, Highway Writings|Fear isn't what it appears to be,it's a motivation that sets us free,keep scratching, chewing and kicking me,waiting for that moment in time to flee,when it erupts in disbelief,when it's exposed and we let it be,without its hold it has no meaning.
RVM|If we can be Glad .........But we choose to be Sad, we are MAD! ! !- RVM
RVM|We don't know Where God is, Who God is or What God is… BUT GOD IS! -RVM
RVM|Since there is no way to Live after you die, why not Live Now! -RVM
Nancy S. Mure, EAT! Empower, Adjust, Triumph!: Lose Ridiculous Weight, Succeed On Any Diet Plan, Bust Through Any Plateau in 3 Empowering Steps!|Your life, your health and your weight are 80% due to what you eat, and 20% due to activity level, sunlight exposure, stress levels and adequate rest.
RVM|If you don't like the Fruits you are growing, then change the Seeds you are sowing. -RVM
Steve Maraboli|What was my path to success? Well, there were some steps forward, some back, some to the side... maybe it wasn't a path, but more of a dance.
Rick Perlstein|Stories are "how we organize the chaos of experience into the order we require just a carry-on." Joan Gideon
Rick Perlstein, The Invisible Bridge: The Fall of Nixon and the Rise of Reagan|Presidents are also always storytellers, purveyors of useful national mythologies.
Victor E. Frankl|The greatest task for any person is to find meaning in his or her life. Frankl saw three possible sources for meaning: in work (doing something significant), in love (caring for another person), and in courage during difficult times. Suffering in and of itself is meaningless; we give our suffering meaning by the way in which we respond to it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Four great adventures; read, learn, write and travel.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The middle class were invented to give the poor hope; the poor, to make the rich feel special; the rich, to humble the middle class.
Victor E. Frankl|Don't aim at success-the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side-effect of one's dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Like alcohol and poverty, a heartbreak has the power to make a man do something he wouldn’t normally do and to make a woman do someone she wouldn’t normally do.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Three great lessons for my children; love God, love yourself and love your neighbour as yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Devote yourself to reading, learning and writing.
Victor E. Frankl|Frankl approvingly quotes the words of Nietzsche: "He who has a Why to live for can bear almost any How.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When I read books, it is like I have met the sacred souls.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|As the season changes, we learn to adapt.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every morning, look in the mirror. You are beautiful and wonderful.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May all people from every nation, find power of God’s grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greatest secret of life is never give up. Don’t give up on yourself, your dreams and your family.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders create awareness in their followers about the great potentials they carry and how to release them for the benefit of all. Leaders are motivators,
Syed Mustafa Faraz Ahmad|Don’t waste your energy & time on things you cannot change, instead pray & change your luck.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you have job, be grateful.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Push, push. Push harder!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Great journey, great joy.
- Safaya Carbon|When life hands you lemons, get yourself some limes because life can't be trusted.
RVM|If your Life is full of Sorrow, then beg, steal, or borrow ENTHUSIASM from a great soul to make your Life whole. -RVM
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leadership is built on inspirations. Inspiration does both the theoretical and the practical job. By inspiration, people are not only informed to know what is right. But they are also convinced to always do what’s right.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The stories I read, strengthen my spirit in any situation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greatest self are self-improvement, self-development and self-discovery.
Rupert Murdoch|~In motivating people, YOU've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved~
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you saturate your mind with positive thoughts, it will sustain you in any situation.
Ken Robinson|The point is not to be the best, but to be the best you can be.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|When motivation flows, people see work as interesting as music. They enjoy it till they do more than they could have done. Leaders motivate people to do greater things.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Gratitude is the best food and fuel to start the day for you. Have some at lunchtime and again at dinner too. It will energise and sustain you - the whole day through. But it will also leave you room, power and the thirst to do what you need to do and contribute.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The right time is now, pursue you dreams!
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Thoughts Unknown|Moving islands in the ocean of sky.Beautiful white curtains in the sky,Veiling and unveiling portions, as time passes by.I watch clouds, when my mind feels clouded.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Thoughts Unknown|If all work and no play makes you dull,Then you're on the wrong job.
Matt Parker|Never forget you are the successful product of a harsh universe; the simple fact that you exist, whence trillions of other organisms do not, is a mathematical miracle.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you don’t reach out to me when I am in distress, do you want to celebrate my success?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every new day, I reach out to the best of myself by grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you pray with your knees bow, you surrender to God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Three essential virtues are patient, loyalty and kindness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every seed planted, will yield bountiful harvest.
RVM|If you really want more, then cross the door and get to the shore. -RVM
JKJaiswal|Our food is transformed from the moment when its sowed, cultured, grown, until its ready to serve.Our desires are likewise.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you don’t know where you are going, ask those who have been there.
JKJaiswal|No Animal is as long as longest Tree, No Tree is as high as highest Mountain, No Mountain is as big as the Sky,No Sky is as large as the Space,No Space is as big as the Universe, Who know's the list beyond..But one thing is certain, there is always a next level which exists!
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Father Time|The future starts within a second from now.The past was, within a second ago.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|For every God-given goal, He gives grace to accomplish it.
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|My heart made it's choice, and it chose you.
Ariana Dancu|She had a wild, wandering soul but when she loved, she loved with chaos and that made all the difference.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|I love you," he murmured into my hair. "You are my night and stars, the fate I would fix myself to in any life.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|I wanted a love thick with time, as inscrutable as if a lathe had carved it from night and as familiar as the marrow in my bones. I wanted the impossible, which made it that much easier to push out of my mind.
Nizar Qabbani|And I fear that my place gets taken by some other one, very lucky and not too shy, who flirts with your eyes while I’m the one who’s crazy about them.
Tarryn Fisher, F*ck Love|I think it's hard for you to fall in love because you like control, and you can't control what another person does or feels, so you keep all your cards.
Denice Envall|To me, you were more than just a person. You were a place where I finally felt at home.
Nikki Rowe|Magic existed in his eyes, his energy as he lived his daily life. I could fall into his soul and lay my worries to rest, but if by chance this happened; it wouldn't last the test. because there's much to learn, before we can meet, I want to collide with his heart; allow our souls to fleet. His arms will hold my fears, but he won't carry the load; as it is my lesson to love myself, and find my own sense of hope. When we cross our paths, our knowledge will last the test; as patience fills the air and our burdens are put to rest, I will honour my truth, and seek what I desire; ever lasting love and passion set on fire.
Jayson Engay|You can't buy the love you want, you can't sell your love. Love is given by those who deserves it.
Saiber, Stardust and Sheets|When did you first fall in love?""I think, I first fell in lovewhen I was in fifth gradewith this boy who kept his glass ruler in the sunlight and made rainbows on my desk with it.
Renee Ahdieh, The Rose & the Dagger|It was easy to be good and kind in times of plenty. The trying times were the moments that defined a man.And love? Love was something that did much to change a person. It brought joy as it brought suffering, and in turn brought about those moments that defined one’s character. Love gave life to the lifeless. It was the greatest of all living powers.But, as with all things, love had a dark side to it.
Stephen King|Your hair is winter fire,January embers.My heart burns there, too.-Stephen King, IT
Erin McCahan, Love and Other Foreign Words|Someday, I will be brave enough to say these things to you in person. For now, I remain in happy, quiet contemplation over you and can say tonight that I just might love you. Or could someday.
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin's Blade|You said you didn’t care what I thought. Or what I did. Or if I died, if I’m not mistaken."“I lied! And you know I lied, you stupid bastard!
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Because, wherever your heart is, that is where you´ll find your treasure
Candace Knoebel, Embracing the Flames|I’m only going say this—love is a wild creature that cannotbe tamed. It’s unconditional. And although it sometimes makes youfeel like one small person against this big old world, you must rememberyou are the world to one particular person. - Astral
Amir Khusrau, The Writings Of Amir Khusrau :700 years after the prophet : a 13th-14th century legend of Indian-sub-continent|Farsi Couplet:Mun tu shudam tu mun shudi,mun tun shudam tu jaan shudiTaakas na guyad baad azeen, mun deegaram tu deegariEnglish Translation:I have become you, and you me,I am the body, you soul;So that no one can say hereafter,That you are someone, and me someone else.
Tommy Cotton, Just Went Out for Milk|When you fall in love with someone you treasure their quirks as much as anything else. Flaws become unique marks of character, things you'd miss if they weren't there.
Barbara Lieberman, The Treasure of Ravenwood|One does not seek love,' she told him, 'it should find you all on it's own
Jayson Engay|It's loud inside my head, with those words I want to say to you.
Nikki Rowe|I think it's important as a women to know who you are and what you deserve. We, ourselves set the boundaries of what we choose to accept. Instead of complaining about the men who's actions don't fit your own & move on and find one that does.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Queen|I learned that love can transcend race and time, and that it can be beautiful and perfect and worth fighting for but also fragile and heartbreaking, and sometimes sacrifice is necessary. That sometimes it’s you against the world, and there are no easy answers. That you have to know when to hold on…and when to let go.
Yuuki Obata|Before meeting you, I didn't know what it was like to feel lonely. I never even considered myself to be alone. That's because when you feel lonely, it means that there is someone for you to miss.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|And if my heart was a canvas, every square inch of it would be painted over with you.
Zaeema J. Hussain, The Sky Is Purple|your voice is a place i want to take shelter in, a place that makes me feel safe and soft.
lauren klarfeld|A girl who travels will need someone that questions her, not too little, and not too much. She’ll need someone to read her, but also really listen to her. Because she’ll want to do the same. She’ll want a person that shares an interest but at the same time stays genuine to who they are. Not drown in a puddle of narcissism. And not drown in a lake of fascination.
Anmol Rawat, A Little Chorus of Love|Every night, I laid awake with your memories flooding through my eyes with the hope to be with you when sleep arrived.
Anmol Rawat, A Little Chorus of Love|The way to my heart shattered when you left me, but I was glad because your memories were invulnerable, locked inside my heart.
Aisha Saeed, Written in the Stars|Love is about the good moments, but it's about holding on to each other during the difficult ones, too. Coming out on the other side, weathered but still holding hands, isn't easy. It's the most difficult thing there can possibly be, but I know now it's the truest test of love there is.
Jayson Engay|I am here, I will always be here. Watching you, loving you.
Jayson Engay|It's so loud inside my head, with those words I want to say to you.
S.L. Jennings, Taint|I can't live without the sun shining down on my face, and I can't dream without the stars kissing me goodnight.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|I understand we all have our differences. But while learning about history I've read about white people coming together, Jews coming together, Spanish coming together, different cultures and religions understanding and coming together despite their differences. Slavery was never something that shocked me. What shocks me is how black people have not yet overcome the odds and we're such strong smart people. Why we can't just stand together?
Andrew Ashling, A Dish Served Cold|Why, Andrew, why would it irritate me? Do you think that being loved by you is something to be ashamed of? I don't.
Jayson Engay|I may act like I don't care anymore, but if only you could see me inside, you'll know how much I wanted to be with you.
Jayson Engay|I see these lights, every time I look into your eyes. It crosses my heart, and make me feel in love.
Abhishek Kumar Singh|An angel for some,a demon for some,for me, it’s heart of the one.Never want to hurt,keep many secrets beneath the blood.sob in the dark,but, people thinks, it’s beat of the heart.No one thought, no one observe,but, it supplies tears as blood.One day someone came,took it out from dark,she kissed it,loved it,played with it,put it with her heart,and makes it her life part.Daily she played,daily she fought,But, never she threw it out.one day, an unknown came,who kissed her,loved her,and used to play with her.He took my out my heart from her,and threw it on the street,then there is nothing more than weep.An angel for some,a demon for some,for me, it’s heart of the one.Never want to hurt,keep many secrets beneath the blood.Sob in the dark,but, people thinks, it’s beat of the heart.No one thought, no one observe,but, it supplies tears as blood.
Jess Michaels, A Moment of Passion|He was changed, burned, branded, destroyed and rebuilt. And he loved it.
Sarah Noffke, Stunned|Love, deep and pure, it opens my heart. It feels like a magical force, one I’d fight to protect, one I’d die to keep.
Sandra Brown, The Alibi|Dispensing with the frivolity, he kissed her meaningfully. When at last he pulled away, her troubled expression alarmed him. "What?""Be careful, Hammond.""No one will know I was here."She shook her head. "Not that.""Then what?""You may have to put me on trial for my life. Please be careful that you don't make me fall in love with you first.
J. Sarraf|When the sun and the moon will be identically seen together,When the wind and the water will meet in alliance,When the stars will shine as bright as your emotions, You will find her holding your hands and taking you towards the eternal love of the miraculous world.
Kelly Moran, When the Leaves Stop Falling|When the leaves stop falling wasn't her time to die, it was your time to live.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|Dancing, at its best, is independence and intimacy in balance.
Syed Arshad, If It's Not Love|People who think love can happen twice, actually never fell in it the first time.
Kusum Manjeshri|Love begins when two souls meet together. A soul attracted by another soul. They feel like bind by each other. It’s a powerful addiction. It’s truly said, first love is last love. But it does not said anywhere to stop love if you betrayed by your lover.
Nikki Rowe|I don't know what it is with you, but I somehow become more a woman when ever your around.
Donna McDonald, Dating a Cougar|Are you a person who peels off a band-aid slowly or just rips it off all at once?" Casey contemplated Alexa's warning, recognizing it for what it was.
Jayson Engay|No matter what you think, no matter what you say, I will love you always.
Jayson Engay|The world may be against us, but this love we have is enough to put this world beneath us.
J.B.|As she looks through the window; while seeing him give her his world, tears rolled down her cheeks as she remembers the world she once had.
Standbyme, Twist and Shout|I love you in my bed at night, and when I wake up, and I love hearing you sing, and I love telling you to stop bothering me, and I love walking to Van’s noodle house with you, and I love you – I love you, so promise you’ll be like the ocean and come back to me, even when they pull you away. Always come back to me.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Until you experience real loneliness, you shall never know what real loneliness is. So many people feel miserable and lonely just because they ignore their inner man, create a gap between themselves and their inner man, and neglect their true self!
Anna Todd, After Ever Happy|Her laugh, her laugh was the sound that brought him out of the darkness and into the light. Her laugh dragged him, by his damn collar, through the bullshit clouding his mind and infecting his thoughts.
J. Saman, Start Over|Luke is unimaginable. And it’s not just his talented tongue or the way he looks at me like I’m the most beautiful woman he’s ever seen—though neither of those hurt his cause. No, it’s the way he makes me feel free when I have been hiding. Awake instead of dormant. Fearless instead of petrified. Ceaseless instead of temporary.
clinton peter|everyone needs a hand, which takes them to an another world
Kiran Manral, The Face at the Window|Love, now that was dangerous. It plucks your heart out of your chest cavity and throws it into the skies where all you can do is watch it freefall towards the object of your love, and hope he or she would catch it. And very often your heart would land with a sordid, painful thud on the ground, or worse, a ditch, and lie there forlorn, neglected and pitiful until you found it, picked it up, glued the various parts back together and put it back into your chest where it would continue to beat on, stolidly, with only you knowing that there was a beat missing. A beat audible to no discerning ear, but your own, a slight sense of being out of tune with yourself, a heart that beat reluctantly, for the sake of keeping up appearances, in the forlorn hope that some day it would get back in rhythm, that some day it would have something to beat for. And then, over the years of missing a beat, you would grown irretrievably out of beat with yourself, and end up discordant.
Taryn Leigh, Perfect Imperfections|I’ve been the queen of symmetry and everything had to be in identical balance, no matter how you looked at it. But I’ve realized that sometimes things can be a little different, almost vastly different, yet make perfect sense when they are brought together. Sometimes differences are what make things symmetrical.
J. Saman, Start With Me|He pushes off the wall with his foot, standing tall and gorgeous over me. My eyes glide up until they meet his and for the life of me, I can’t stop my smile. Neither can he. So, we stand there, smiling at each other with high school giddiness mixed with very grownup lust swimming between us.
J. Saman, Start With Me|It’s nothing. It’s fine.” Ryan spins back around, walks the three steps to the marble counter and downs half my glass of wine. Yeah. Sure. Nothing. And if I continue to eat cherry Danish for breakfast every morning, my ass won’t spread
J. Saman, Start With Me|It’s one of those laughs that light up her whole face, and you can’t help but join in because it’s just that infectious.
J. Saman, Start Again|Honestly, I don’t know if I have a favorite,” he emphasizes the word. “I like a lot of different music, and find myself listening to different things depending on my mood or where I’m at in my life.” I secretly love that answer. A lot actually.
J. Saman, Start Again|We run in silence, enjoying the sunrise over the ocean and I swear there are few things more beautiful than this. Pinks and purples and yellows fill the sky, bathing us in light. The salty breeze brushes my skin, sticking to my moistened flesh.
J. Saman, Start Over|His gaze turns soft, and for a moment, I’m completely swept away with the promise in those eyes. There’s nothing dirty, heated or sinister in them. They’re warm and enticing and so bloody sincere that I’m finding it hard to look away, let alone breathe.
J. Saman, Start Over|You feel it too, don’t you?” I don’t have to ask her what she’s talking about. I felt it the moment I grabbed her wrist to stop her from leaving. I felt it the moment I saw her hair fly by my face, and before “that when I noticed her walking across campus. She’s different and we could be something different together. Something astounding. Something you encounter once in a lifetime, if that. It’s been five minutes and I can already tell that.
Deepak Ranjan, An Eclipse of Yesteryear|It was painful. Still, I saw heaven while making love to you. You've completed me. You are special to me. But how did you resist so long…, making love!' Alishan asked.‘I heard your sweet moan, while I was inside you… I desired to listen more, and this desire to hear you more and more, held me to act accordingly.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|When you think and act opposite to love, you find yourself powerless and life becomes a frightening nightmare.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|I can say this because she’s my girlfriend, even if, at the moment, she’s only my girlfriend in secret - Eliza has one of the worst voices known to man. Swear to God, for someone so obsessed with music, she’s borderline tone deaf. But trying to describe how I felt watching her dance around and sing would be like trying to build a skyscraper with my bare hands. It made me want to marry her. Made me want to buy her a magical airplane and fly her away to a place where nothing bad could ever happen. Made me want to pour rubber cement all over my chest and then lay down on top of her so that we’d be stuck together, and so it would hurt like hell if we ever tried to tear ourselves apart.
Maggie  Hall, The Ends of the World|It felt dangerous. It felt amazing. It felt like of course the lights were out, because all the electricity in the city was in my veins.
Kaye Allen, Chasing Sunsets: Love & Wonders Anthology|That’s how it is, day after day... night after night. The Moon chases her sunsets constantly, hoping for a mere glimpse. And for him, that was enough.
Bunny Naidu|Just when I thought that I didn't have any weakness, you happened. <3
Bunny Naidu|She didn't change her priorities, she just changed her source of entertainment.
Anamika Mishra|If the love is true, it’s going to be with you
Genereux Philip|Stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo, love is just a quote and lying is the new truth.
Evy Michaels|It's inevitable, sleep will find its ownerIt's inescapable, the owner will surrender to sleepIt's unalterable, she will find sleepIt's imminent, his heart will find its ownerAnd when all is said and doneThey'll be inseparable
Sami Abouzid|They want you to do things their way, they want you to follow their course and join their game and if you will ever fail you will be the only one to blame. Ridiculous
Sage Steadman, Ann, Not Annie|That, after all, is what the great stories are written about: How people manage to find themselves in love. Well let me just say that how a person falls in love is more important than who they fall in love with, for to truly fall in love with someone else, you must first fall in love with yourself. The process a person goes through to break down his or her outer shell and let love in is often as miraculous as the mystery of falling in love.
Ken Poirot|Actions are most important in life: act with love, kindness, understanding, and compassion toward others that they may bear witness to your belief(s).
Ak|HIDE & SEEKIf you wish to know what makes him sad,Pay close attention to his eyes—you’ll know what they hide.If you wish to know what makes him happy, Pay close attention to his eyes—you’ll know what they seek. —AK
Kristen Casey, Finding Home|Morgan closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “Maybe you’re right,” she sighed, “We should probably wait.”	Owen drew back, and she could feel him studying her. She waited as long as she could stand it before she opened her eyes and grinned. He chuckled, low in his throat, a predatory gleam in hi
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knock on the sky's door, and stars will open it; knock on the universe’s door, and love will open it.
Tracey Bond|Love is a viral vibration, infect others with it without regard, that it may spread epidemically, boosting the immunity of a humanity that could deafen the sound of hate, only the diseased soul makes.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Trust unites, fear divides, mercy heals, and love conquers.
Sami Abouzid|Each and every day, I miss you baby, please don't go away. I need you lady, you're the sunshine of my lonely life, in this life I know, it's hard to find you, oh don't let me go, I'll die without you, each and every night I'm crying to be with you ……
Haritha Velpureddy|Dear men, Pay attention to the curves of her lips than curves of her body
James Hauenstein|I have heard that the French like to say, "Nobody grows old during a happy occasion at the dining table." With such wonderful family and friends all around us for Mitchell's and Stacie's wedding, I know their love will always stay young and true to one another, because of the love and happiness we all have in this room today!
Robert Neil Fleischer, Alien Biography|To belong somewhere. That was something much more important than belonging to someone. Now, he used to think to himself that maybe he took too serious that 'mission' of belonging somewhere.
Haritha Velpureddy|When a woman knows she cannot attain her worldly love , she gives it an eternal form.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|People think a soul mate is your perfect fit, and that's what everyone wants. But a true soul mate is a mirror, the person who shows you everything that's holding you back, the person who brings you to your own attention so you can change your life. A true soul mate is probably the most important person you'll ever meet, because they tear down your walls and smack you awake. But to live with a soul mate forever? Nah. Too painful. Soul mates, they come into your life just to reveal another layer of yourself to you, and then they leave.
Nikhil Shrivastava|Once you start loving what’s inside, the outside falls in love with you.
Mladen Đorđević, Svetioničar - Vesnici oluje|After so many years, we kept our nearness, by paying with our distance.
Sami Abouzid|A lucky guy, is anyone who would have the privilege of being around you , talking to you , holding your hand , making sure that you are safe and happy .
Robert Neil Fleischer, Alien Biography|On the inner side of the aquarium of reality, beliefs define the area of the prison.
Haruna Idowu|It is impossible to love someone you do not respect, but there can be mutual attraction without mutual respect.
Evy Michaels|I forgive youAll I had to offer you was sadnessMy eyes shed sadnessMy face speaks sadnessMy lips smile sadnessMy voice spews sadnessMy touch spreads sadnessI forgive you for leaving, for I have become an infectious incurable virus threatening to destroy everything you are notSuch a happy delicate thing she is, isn't she?She has no idea, does she?How long before you turn her into sadness...
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Both love and God are misunderstood, as they are one and the same.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She's the kind of girl who brings you to the moon without you even being aware. The kind of girl you trip in love with, The kind of girl you never forget.
Evy Michaels|Silence thoughts...Let me get lost in this kiss right now; In the morning you will convince me I shivered because of the cold.Let my head whirl and spin for a little while longer; When I wake, we will blame it on that sweet wine.Let my heart flutter and dance just for a moment; Tomorrow, I will not forget the beat that my heart skipped belonged to my favorite song that was on.Let me slip to fall deep in his eyes; When the sun rises and we remember the moon reflected in that stare, I'll be fine.
Sami Abouzid|Every time I listen to my soundtrack anxiety attack one thought coming on my mind is holding you tight and feeling being safe in your arms, you’re my fortune
Avijeet Das|When I saw you, I discovered love!
Avijeet Das|The other day she asked me "Will you forget me?"I smiled and looked at the sky and asked her: "Can the sky ever forget his moon?
Avijeet Das|One day she asked me: "Is this love?" I said: "If this is not love, then love is nothing!
Flavia Biondi, La generazione|In the world we live in, priests and bartenders have a lot in common.
Viorel Muha|The word is the beginning and silence the end. Between word and silence, we exist.
Viorel Muha|The cry of true love which is abandoned, is like the scream of the bird when it dies!
Swati Kumar, The Great Indian Dilemma|In this case the time is not so important for me, the person asking for commitment is.
Swati Kumar, The Great Indian Dilemma|We gradually accepted each other with our strengths and weaknesses. And now, I think, we have started to enjoy our differences more
Rasheed Ogunlaru|You may wonder why so many of my quotes - and all my work - is about love, compassion and inner peace? Because life is nothing, empty, bereft without these things.
Nina Mouawad, Blue Sun: A poetry collection|Icarus should have waited for nightfall,the moon would have never let him go.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Truth has the biggest mouth in the universe, wisdom has the largest ears, love has the strongest hands, and faith has the ablest feet.
Anamika Mishra|Let me show you how beautiful life is,Let me take away all your pain;Let me rekindle your faith in love,Let me make you believe in magic again!
E.M. Forster, Howard's End|Margaret had often wondered at the disturbance that takes place in the world's waters when Love, who seems so tiny a pebble, slips in. Whom does Love concern beyond the beloved and the lover? Yet his impact deluges a hundred shores,
Evy Michaels|How does blind ferret out in the darkHow is matchless able to ignite a fire\How is clueless able to conspireHow does ice spark off fervorEffortlessly he stirs up the deepest depths of my soulLike a weed in my heart he implants himself, sprouts and spreads anewHe's here to stay...
Evy Michaels|Listen to me, there is freedom in love. Every day should feel like independence day
Evy Michaels|I could feel her heart break from a thousand miles away, I cried her tears, I mourned her loss. I saw the pain beneath that smile, the strength behind those eyes. Our silence spoke about our presence...What a conniving double edged sword pain is, breaking and binding us concurrently. Such a profound thing love is, that someone once a stranger I now call mother
Evy Michaels|It's a picture of how comfortable I've become silently loving you, quietly falling, so serene; the waves of the sea gently soothing my inhibitions, making me unencumbered, encouraging me to go on. Color me titanic
Ramana Pemmaraju|Consciously I love you so intensely, which is why I choose to hurt you unconsciously!
Evy Michaels|Careful... Once you push that button, there's no going back. This will end in two ways; the tragic loss of your sanity or the catastrophic diminution of my reality. You still want to know me? Bring a light, before my darkness swallows you whole
Mishi McCoy|If you don't understand another person then don't be quick to judge them. Judgment comes from the reasoning mind of logic. Rather, seek to understand others from your heart space. Discernment provides clarity and clarity will always make provision for higher levels of understanding. Love is magick of itself and we are Love's vessels by choice, not by chance.
Nora Ephron, Heartburn|My marriage to him was as willful an act as I have ever committed; I married him against all the evidence. I married him believing that marriage doesn't work, that love dies, that passion fades, and in so doing I became the kind of romantic only a cynic is truly capable of being.
Mishi McCoy|There is an inner gift that each of us possess as deep insightful knowing, regardless of our circumstances. It isn’t as difficult to access this gift as some would make it out to be. It is quiet simple. We can always choose the way of Love, the “knowing”, and in so doing, we live the life that is our divine right and legacy, a life worth living.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Courage is a warrior, wisdom is a sage, virtue is a priest, and love is poet.
Ahmed Mostafa|Once upon a time, I wish I had sneezed. The end.
Ahmed Mostafa|Let me kiss you and take your breath away, we'll worry about resuscitating you later.
N.K. Jemisin, The Stone Sky|I think,' Hoa says slowly, 'that if you love someone, you don't get to choose how they love you back.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The heart you kiss today, the lips you kiss tomorrow.
Charlotte Eriksson|You will find yourself with a beautiful boy and you will not want to stay in that room, with him, even though there is nothing more you can ask for in another human beingand there is nothing you can do about this.
Ahmed Mostafa|Here's to love at first sight, and here's to getting over it the moment you blink.
Ahmed Mostafa|Why don't I just go against all reason, ignore past experiences and fall in love with you?
Lang Leav, The Universe of Us|There was a feeling of inevitability when I met you. The sense that we would be together; that there would be a moment when you would look at me in a certain way, and we could cross the threshold from friendship into something so much more.We spoke once about lovers who kept finding each other, no matter how many times the world came between them. And I think I had to break your heart, and you had to break mine. How else could we know the worth of what we were given?I think you were always meant to know me a little better than anyone else. And our lives were fated to converge like some cosmic dance. I know there is terrible distance between us. But our bodies are made of celestial light, and we are hurtling through space and time, toward the most beautiful collision.
Ahmed Mostafa|Sometimes I wake up wanting to tell you to leave everything you claim to hold dear behind and be with me instead, but oftentimes I wake up wanting to tell you to go fuck yourself...
Ahmed Mostafa|At first, I was lost in you, but now you're lost on me.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Forever Girl|..what moved me was that I had found something I didn't think could exist. And that thing - the thing that I found - was very simple. Most people know all about it and have never really doubted it because their lives have been such as to give them a glimpse of the thing that they were not sure about, which is love, of course: the sheer fact of feeling of love for another, of finding the one person - the only person, it seems - who makes the world make sense. It's like discovering the map that you've been looking for all your life and have never been able to find - the map that makes sense of the journey.
Teresa May B. Bandiola, The Forest of Evergreen (Volume 2): Found in the Wilderness|Gosh, so this house must be a nunnery!”-Lilly to Sophia
Erin McLellan, Controlled Burn|Maybe love was just an illusion anyway, like jigsaw puzzles that looked like a picture or a painting from a distance. But the closer you got, the more visible the cracks. Wasn’t until you shined a light on it that the illusion fell apart.
Avijeet Das|Listening to your heartbeats, I will fall asleep.
Teresa May B. Bandiola, The Forest of Evergreen (Volume 2): Found in the Wilderness|I will always be at the lake house every night, waiting until dawn.”-Abanir to Sophia
Teresa May B. Bandiola, The Forest of Evergreen (Volume 2): Found in the Wilderness|What else can I do if you all hate the man I love now? Whatchoice do I have?” Sophia groaned. “And who am I to disobey everyone of you…? I love you, Mom. I love every one of you, but I alsolove Jericho. Please… you don’t have to make me choose because Ican’t afford to lose everyone. Including Jericho.”-Sophia to Elizabeth
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Whole life is a search for the splendor of love, companionship, and beauty. When I found you, my search ended, and we began a magnificent journey of one heart, one mind, and one destiny.
Luffina Lourduraj|Look into my eyes,they will tell you how much I love you.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|As we get better at knowing God’s love, we grow into better things that surround our lives.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Inside each of us is a deep well of translucent water. A fluidity of thoughts and luminous feelings surrounds you and me. In the world of water, all life floats, the incandescent soul of the living begins, where you and I are indivisible, where I experience you inside of me. I see your beauty, feel your need for love and affection, hear your compassionate poems, and know the fragrant mysteries your great heart brews; by law divine, with sweet emotion, you and I shall mingle forevermore.
Megan Jacobson, The Build-up Season|love, real love, comes with three conditions - respect, kindness and trust. It isn't, and should never be, unconditional.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Love is blind, reason is deaf. You need both to survive.
Kate Chopin|What did it matter! What could love, the unsolved mystery, count for in face of this possession of self-assertion which she suddenly recognized as the strongest impulse of her being! Free! Body and soul free! She kept whispering.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|They say that the personal transformation that gives rise to self-realization – the transcendent function that leads to the highest echelon of human attainment – takes place on the border between consciousness and unconsciousness, and that when we dream we dissolve the boundary between consciousness and unconsciousness. In other words, we dream a world into being, and we are the collective product of our lifetime of immanent dreams. If the oracles are correct, I dreamed you into being, and you represent the real point of intersection between dream and reality.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The universal laws of nature including the thermodynamic principles of entropy govern the relationships between interconnected organisms. The notion of internal thermodynamic equilibrium assure us that the powerful energy reserves of one person will always rush in to fill the void or vacuum in another person. Thus I will always register your mystical presence in my quiescent mind, your hallow echo fills the hollow space of my very being. You are the external reflection of my innermost want, the personification of a world that lies outside my conscious reach, ethereal substance of the soul, the guiding hand that my unconscious mind instinctually gropes for in order to make me complete.
Tarryn Fisher, Atheists Who Kneel and Pray|Even to your old age and grey hairs I am he, I am he who will sustain you. I have loved you and I will carry you; I will sustain you and I will rescue you[.]
Taylor Jenkins Reid, After I Do|I put my back against the wall. I slide down to the floor. I imagine Ryan sitting next to me. I imagine him rubbing my back, the way he did when my grandfather died. I imagine him saying, "She's going to a better place. She's OK." I imagine the way my grandfather might have done this for my grandmother when she lost her own mom or her own grandmother. I imagine my grandmother sitting where I am now, my grandfather kneeling beside her, telling her all the things I want to be told. Holding her the way that only someone in particular can hold you. When I'm her age, when I'm lying in a hospital bed, ready to die, whom will I be thinking of?It's Ryan. It's always been Ryan. Just because I can live without him doesn't mean I want to.And I don't. I don't want to. I want to hear his voice. The way it is rough but sometimes smooth and almost soulful. I want to see his face, with his stubble from never shaving down to the skin. I want to smell him again. I want to hold the roughness of his hands. I want to feel the way they envelop mine, dwarfing them, making me feel small.I need my husband.
Carla Reighard, Travelers|If someone truly loves you, they won't try to change you or take away your freedom to choose.
Carla Reighard, Settlers|I didn't realize I could love her more than I already had, but it seems the more we evolve, the more I can't see my life without her.
Carla Reighard, Settlers|I watch her close the door and I think to myself, there goes my heart.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|In all trust there is a possibility of betrayal, but without trust there is no friendship, closeness, or the emotional bonds that give us so much happiness when the time is right for it. Trust is a hardening agent to all relationships as Carbon is to Iron to create Steel combined in the desired amounts
Kamand Kojouri|Everywhere I go, your beauty spills into my day. The trees were never this verdant. The birdsong never this sweet.
D.L. Hess, Sir|The kiss is different than I expected. It’s slow and tender, his lips soft and warm against mine. He tastes sweet, like the powdered sugar I spilt and the coffee with chicory he’s always drinking. It’s a perfect first kiss.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|I hear you speak in songs of love, written for me only. And though I wander far too much, the path is rarely lonely.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|Give me meaning, give me soul. Give my rapture, wild, a heart that is raw. Give me a mind that thinks for itself and imagines freely.
Nicola An, The Universe at Heartbeat|I hear them say "Why do I miss someone I haven't even met?"How about not missing someone because it feels like they've been with you all along?
Ramana Pemmaraju|They made love through their eyes, while their gestures conveyed otherwise!
Kamand Kojouri|I don’t mind losing in this game of love, if it means You will be the winner.
Kamand Kojouri|The greatest moments in our lives occur when we surrender: birth, love, and death.
pavankumarguptha|I know you are mine,not in my life but in my memories.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|Spence,” he says as he lifts his brown eyes to meet mine. “You still make it hard to breathe.” “And you,” I say, swallowing as I try to rein in my overeager heart, “are still the same old charmer you always were.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|Those ties...those ties are forever, and I never wanted to be connected to any other person so permanently. Forever was always meant for you and me, Spence.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Feelings and emotions as well as thoughts and opinions are evanescent; they change over time because they reflect our transient being. Feelings and emotions are judgments that spring from the hidden source of the unconscious mind, and only take on power whenever the conscious mind acknowledges them, and then chooses to convey an idea in some format that shares the rhythm of a person’s own being with another person. Unuttered thoughts and inexpressible feelings experience a short half-life. Without proper nourishment, voiceless thoughts wither and indefinable feelings wane. Lucid thoughts and inexpressible feelings form imperceptible currents that propel us along in our inimitable journey exploring the tributaries of the stream of life.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All life depends upon the opportunistic interplay between elemental forces, the mysterious dualities of the numinous universe. Ying and yang forces of the natural world (lightness and darkness, fire and water, expansion and contraction) create tangible dualities that are complementary, interconnected, and independent. Without the firmament in the midst of the waters, without both sunshine and water, no life forms could subsist on this rocky orb. Without the rich soil surrounded by a canopy of an illimitable sky how could we feed ourselves, how could we breathe?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The goal of all principled people is to recognize truth. Simple or complex thoughts and feelings standing alone rarely express any universal truths. Thoughts and feelings combine to create profound truths and compose extravagant falsities. Truth making exposes certain falsehoods, and lies shed light upon irrefutable truths. Art reveals the pageantry of nature along with the unmitigated grotesqueness that accompanies an earthly life. The search for truth begins with an intellectual journey into darkness whereas the search for beauty requires an imaginative act trussed with the classical beauty of Apollonian lightness. Aesthetic appreciation represents the perfect reconciliation of the sensual and rational parts of humankind’s animalistic nature. Similar to aesthetic experience – contemplation of beauty without imposition of a worldly agenda – love depends upon human sensory-emotional values, a judgement of values and sentiments.
Kalungi B. Samuel Dickens|You can't Love someone without Trusting them,
Nicola An, The Universe at Heartbeat|If we learn to love someone for their imperfections that reflect our own, we eventually appreciate the thought that even the most beautiful things are damaged
Nicola An, The Universe at Heartbeat|If we learn to love someone for their imperfections that reflect our own, we eventually thought that even the most beautiful things are damaged
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|It’s not like you have anything to lose anymore.”My fingers stop at my thumb ring while Sienna’s words echo in my head. Do I have anything to lose? I mean, after all I did, everything I fought against. I slowly turn the ring on my thumb. This simple band has, like all of my rings, one word engraved on it. Will anything change if I go to him? After all, I did lose everything that is important.It’s funny, actually, after the months I spent pushing him away. I thought, like the silly girl I probably am, that if I didn’t give myself to him, I’d be safe, that as long as I didn’t sleep with him, I wouldn’t lose my heart. Shouldn’t I have this one last memory to take home with me?So lost…I came here lost and I’ll go home lost. How convenient, and so utterly pathetic I want to give myself one strong shake to snap out of this.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is because of pain that you value pleasure, sorrow that you value joy, despair that you value hope, war that you value peace, and hate that you value love.
Sami Abouzid|Love resides in my heart, but you are the one who tore apart and you are still blaming my heart for not keeping quiet about it
Sami Abouzid|I’m Enjoying creating my new soundtrack Julie ( Italo – Dance Mix ),,,, it’s real amazing to create music about a great friend you had in your life , Julie ..I love you eternally
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|It’s like a domino effect. After all the time of neatly putting the pieces together, one wrong move, one moment of distraction, and all of it comes falling down. The same happens to us. While ignoring all those moments that happened, all the situations when we wanted to do something, make a move and let our impulses take over, we put them neatly one behind other and now it comes crashing down around us.
ehddah|I wanted to leave marks or what?prints or blemishes? so when they track you, they'd know, i'd been there inside you, like an odour of your skin
Ramana Pemmaraju|You will love and admire the One who is honest and blunt in his views, as long as you're not his subject of viewpoint!
Ahmad Ardalan, The Gardener of Baghdad|I know a feeling like that only comes once in a lifetime, and I think you should follow your heart’s desires. I believe in love, and I know love conquers all.
Victoria Aveyard, King's Cage|Remember when we told each other no distractions?Yes. He runs a blazing finger over my earrings, touching each one in turn.Distract me.
Sami Abouzid|When she needs you, she knows how to find you, but when you need her, she’s too busy to be with you.
Nicole  Lyons|I am a lover of words and tragically beautiful things, poor timing and longing, and all things with soul, and I wonder if that means I am entirely broken, or if those are the things that have been keeping me whole.
Sami Abouzid|I’ve noticed that once you find the right one for you, the one of your dreams, everything in life becomes against you, even the weather
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Close your eyes for a whileThe image that conjures is your soulmate Don’t pause, rush and say what you feelAfter all time and tide for none wait…
Gaia B. Amman, Sex-O-S: The Tragicomic Adventure of an Italian Surviving the First Time|Maybe that was what being together with someone really meant. It meant seeing past the idealization you had of them, embracing their flaws and fears, helping them to overcome them, waiting for them if they were not ready. Maybe being in love didn’t mean finding the perfect person, it meant it was worth sticking with an imperfect one.
RJ Blizzard|What your father never understood, is that what he loved most about her was her unbridled love and freedom to live her own life. He loved her colors and viewed her like paint.
RJ Blizzard|You will not know love if you do not know suffering, and you will never suffer if you have never loved.
Nicola An|When you get to find love, make sure it's because you get to find yourself
Sami Abouzid|People just don’t get it, we don’t need someone to control our life, we need someone to share it, relationships are falling apart cause they keep digging in our past , they don’t wanna let it Rest In Peace
Matshona Dhliwayo|Anger has strength, hate has might, but love has power.
Sami Abouzid|I Can’t Be With Her , But it Ain’t Stopping Me From Loving Her
S.J. Himes, Wolf of the Northern Star|Kane hugged Ghost to him. Ghost clung, pressing his face into Kane’s chest. “Whether you are Luca or Ghost or you choose a new name, none of that will change how I feel about you. Your family may not be the way it was before you got lost, but I am here. You came back to me. And I am never going to let you go.
Divya  Singh, Of Heartbreaks and Hope|When all seems dark and there is no light,Hope is the candle that always burns bright.
Sami Abouzid|Love, I see love in your eyes, in my heart can’t say enough, but you will know , I’m in love with you , you’re my angel in the dark , my moonlight when I’m sad , my eternal love , I’m glad to be in love with you ,
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Some say that pregnancy make a woman an instant mother. To that I say, I became an instant woman the day I became a mother.
Sami Abouzid|In LIFE, You Meet with People You Wish You Knew Them for Ages and you will meet with people you will wish they were gone for ages.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Love is bliss only if you are a giver, not otherwise.
joey tempest|Only you can answer my cries, I’ve been waiting for the angels to knock on my door, I’ve been hopin' that everything could be like before
Sami Abouzid|Latin Music ….My love for Latin Music is eternal, it all started with my song Vanessa , Vanessa Was a Gorgeous Cuban Girl living nearby my store , one day I was singing in that Store and she heard me singing ,,,she said oh man …I love your voice, you touched my heart , I told her what’s your name ? she said Vanessa , so I came up with the chorus ,,,,,vanessa vanessa vanessa , oh I can’t leave you alone , vanessa vanessa vanessa , oh this love I can’t ignore , she loved it ,,,and challenged me to finish song and of course I won , my 1st single vanessa 2003. Amazing people like vanessa inspiring us to great amazing music
ANK|Beauty was a bait, love was the trap,I was the pray.. fallen for the most beautiful predator..
Sami Abouzid|Love Is burning In my heart ,,,,,,,,,Why You’re tearingapart ……..I’m your lover girl ……Don’t Break the rules of love ……Oh you’re playinga game…Tonight ………Love will be out Of sight ……………
Meredith Duran, A Lady's Code of Misconduct|Or perhaps, despite your brave words to my parents, you've forgotten what love and loyalty look like. They aren't sacraments, Jane, for only God is perfect, only Go deserves our love without judgement. Men--women--we make mistakes. We judge those we love. But we keep loving them anyway, because we know that mistakes can be repaired, and that tomorrow, our love will be deserved again. It only takes faith--or loyalty, as you called it. Those ARE what tie a family together, through tick and thin. And they tie a husband and wife together, too. There is no happy ending, you're right--not in the singular. but in a marriage, there might be countless happy endings and even more sweet beginnings, if loyalty and love are what guide you.
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|We had been younger. Yup, you can grow a lot in the blink of an eye.
Emiliano Campuzano, Cielo Por Tu Luz|I just don’t know where to go from here, Alex.”“You don’t have to, we can trace our map together.
Sami Abouzid|I Cried in the Night For Love , my Heart was aching ,she was always on my mind ,day and night I couldn’t stop thinking of her , she was simply my eternal love ,my heart , my soul .
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|And then Luke had appeared, like a gust that had come to teach me that in life, there was nothing more precious than life itself.
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|Somewhere in between, I had fallen for that boy.
Bluenscottish|Kindness bestowed is embraced with an open heart and welcoming spirit,becoming a re gifted acknowledgement of loving gratitude~Bluenscottish
Matshona Dhliwayo|Anyone can love a rose, but only a saint can love its thorns.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Perfect love happens not when you're ready but when you least expect, at the most imperfect moment under unpredictable circumstances! Expect Not, Trust Existence!
Sami Abouzid|StillMissing you .......My heart Still calling you...........Are you are ready For a start tonight……………….LifeIs full of pain.,....Oh Baby Again and Again .......Take me by your side I’m in love with you …………………………… ..........Chours ......I love The way you sing I loveThe way you Smile Baby for a while I’ll be waiting for you ............I love The way you dance What about Our wild rwith omance ..........Baby take the chance I’m in love you …………………..
Sami Abouzid|I cannot resist your heart, you are so hard to find, each and every night I’m always thinking of you
Sami Abouzid|She Was So Beautiful, an Awesome Heart of Gold, She was Down To Earth, caring. Loving Person but she changed in unpredictable way
Avijeet Das|When you would be looking somewhere maybe standing near a window and looking outside, I will come slowly towards you. And first I will inhale your sublime fragrance that emanates from your soft and tender body. Then slowly inching towards you I would hug you from behind and take you in my arms.
Swapna Rajput, In Search of a Soulmate|A person feels lost without you, is your Soulmate.
Sandeep N Tripathi|Love, an ocean.
Sami Abouzid|Love is burning in my heart, oh love is shining from the start, don’t let it die tonight
Sami Abouzid|We are in the Same Boat Called Life , We All Struggling Day and night to make our Life Better ,Some of Us Succeeded and others Failed , so the Successful Ones Should Pray for the Ones Who Failed that they might have a better Luck Someday ….Amen
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|Lost love is still love, Eddie. It just takes a different form, that's all. You can't hold their hand... You can't tousle their hair... But when those senses weaken another one comes to life... Memory... Memory becomes your partner. You hold it... you dance with it... Life has to end, Eddie... Love doesn't.
Gudjon Bergmann, Experifaith: At the Heart of Every Religion; An Experiential Approach to Individual Spirituality and Improved Interfaith Relations|Love is the most complex of all human phenomena. It exists on a spectrum from tolerance and kindness to romantic love and self-sacrifice, reaching its pinnacle in altruism, a love that needs nothing in return.
joey tempest|Days filled with joy and days filled with sorrowI don't know just what to do, Am I happy today, am I lonely tomorrow ..Everything depends on you ,I've been waiting for the angels to knock on my door ,I've been hopin' that everything ould be like before
Avijeet Das|I did put on the record player, the love symphony of Beethoven wafted in the air. You and I made love,last February on that amazing Sunday afternoon. And the neighbor's dog barked madly every time our bed creaked from all the gyrations that you and I could outmaneuver in our frenzy of wanting each other's body and soul!
Swapna Rajput, In Search of a Soulmate|No matter what luxuries you have or don't have, life is always beautiful when you are around your loved ones!
Sami Abouzid|Only ,a lonely heart Can tell What it meansTo be lonely
Avijeet Das|We all may be living in different countries, geographical areas, and time zones but one thing which unites us all is that we all belong to one race which is humanity!
ZAKIYA AND MAJID|Surely, I am being rewarded because I have you.
Sami Abouzid|Love Can Left you Up, Love Can let You Down, Love Can make you cry like a lonely Clown
G.K. Dutta|Always forgive the person, who hurts you, because they are sick inside. But never forgive the person, who insults your love, because they are hell inside.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love has turned many into poets; pain has turned many into artists; charity has turned many into pacifists, and anger has turned many into activists.
Ahmed Mostafa|Oh, am I glad to know that after all these years it still is hard trying to unlove someone; if there's such a thing...
Anita Hughes, Christmas in Paris|If you don't have love, you don't have anything at all.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The only two words you should ever say to a mirror are “Hello, Beautiful.
Dblankportrait|Thus, I have found humbleness by the mere thoughts of having love beckon upon me, if so acquired through some thread of reality or that of the imaginative
Ahmed Mostafa|Women fuck us up, break our hearts, drive us mad, and yet we love them; because if we didn't, nothing would make sense.
Arshad Ahmad|At lastdon't be anything for mebe something which isClear as ocean waterBe cloud , but don't rain on meBe sun, but don't shine for meBe moon, but don't enlighten meBut be lucid, in whatYou are to meSo that I can think, where do you exist
Nicole  Lyons|And that is the nature of us poets and whores, to make things hard: dicks, choices... life.
Sami Abouzid|Don’t be Sad Cause Some People are Real Stupide, their Stupidity will inspire you to be Smart and wise in this world
sandeep kumar mishra|A true love is never defeated.Even when in ashes,it whirls and finds solace with air
Matshona Dhliwayo|To change your life, love yourself. To change your community, love others. To change the world, love everyone.
Mandy Len Catron, How to Fall in Love with Anyone: A Memoir in Essays|Love stories have endings, but love itself is ongoing and continually warped and renewed by the people who do the loving.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love as much as you can, for as long as you can, and as best as you can.
Nurudeen Ushawu|For me I see the world as one big nation, where everyone in it is a citizen, so it is our responsibility to make it better.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you get too close to the sun, you will burn; if you get too far, you will freeze: this is how it is with passion.
Tiffany Luard|Don't be a reflection of your depression, your dark, or your ugly. Reflect what you want. Your light, your beauty, & your strength. Aspire for greatness - reflect who you are; not which deficits you maintain. Showcase the hidden treasures.
Sarah Jio, The Bungalow|You can never play a part in life, especially not in love.
Bandile M Matsenjwa|But Nossie isn't the type of girl you'd bet on with your friends" LIsa said"And the problem is not that I'm betting on her, she gives my life a meaning, so whenever I talk about her with my friends, I'm trying to Question my intentions,I'm trying to fathom if I can love her the way she deserves." I said with my voice engulfed with hope.See whenever she walked next to me, my body would quake My vocal chords would lose signal And for that moment, i'd turn into a puppet stringed by her ravishing looks, by her immaculately crafted body.
Nurudeen Ushawu|Raise your love, raise it high. Don't let the world and its circumstances make you hate.
Bandile M Matsenjwa|Hold my hand,and let me catch your paceEven if i'm last,you on first; we both won the race
Bandile M Matsenjwa|But Nossie isn't the type of girl you'd bet on with your friends "Lisa said""And the problem is not that I'm betting on her, she gives my life a meaning, so whenever I talk about her with my friends, I'm trying to Question my intentions,I'm trying to fathom if I can love her the way she deserves.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Not everyone who owns it, Loves it; nor everyone who Loves it, Can own it!
Bandile M Matsenjwa|When stars come out to play, I find it hard to get you off my mindSoI wrote this
D.A. Henneman, Winds of Change|Her beauty was ethereal, knocking on the door of the part of his psyche that still believed in magic and miracles.
Bandile M Matsenjwa|She told me that I need to forget about us, everything that came to lfie wasn't meant to be, all was a mistakeBut how?How can it be a mistake that I always took her to the Lord on my knees?
Bandile M Matsenjwa|I wish I could be a kid againIt's foolish I know,but I can't stand this painI'm Imprisoned by my conscience,im captivated with grudge chainsThe feelings i have,makes the bearer of my own suffer from heartachesLike a most wanted criminal,I think im on the chaseLife is compliacated they say,in my heart its not the caseI just want someone to touch my heart at the baseTruth is,love is boring without wishes,aggressions and hurts
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The mind provides a person with the mental fortitude to survive any physical or spiritual crisis. For the present time, I am satisfying myself by building a little shop in the back of my mind, a place where stillness resides and a jangle of thoughts can come and visit. I am building a room of my own, a room that I can retreat to when needed, a place where I am always welcomed regardless of the trappings of this ordinary and finite life. I do not need much as far as earthy rewards, but I certainly will not spurn food, drink, companionship, love, affection, friendship, or other physical, emotional, spiritual, aesthetic, and sensuous pleasures that find their way to my humble doorstep.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Hate is loud. Love, however, is so pleasantly felt it has no need to be heard.
Gabrielle Dubois|Love from novels isn't true love: it ends where it should begin. True love, deep love, grows up with time, throughout days of dullness and days of storms. It leaves in one's heart a rainbow of tenderness and forgiveness which illuminates forever the beloved one.
Ayobami Adebayo, Stay with Me|So love is like a test,but in what sense?To what end?Who was carrying out the test?But I think I did believe that Love had immense power to unearth all that was good in us,refine us and reveal to us the better versions of ourselves.
Robin Alexander, Gift of Time|...I clutched her hand and pulled it to my chest. "Make me a promise, Reagan," I whispered. "Anything, name it." "If I ever treat you anything less than precious, promise that you'll tell me so and remind me of this conversation." "I promise, and promise me that you'll do the same." We linked our fingers as we did sitting in my car, which seemed like a lifetime ago. The feeling of that connection was the last thing I was aware of before we both drifted off to sleep.
J. Sarraf|Like the sun and the moon loved each other,Like the sky loved the stars,The sun and the moon couldn't shine together and the sky couldn't have stars forever.
Avijeet Das|Days may pass into months, months may pass into years, and years may pass into decades, but I will always keep waiting for you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Anger is loud, rage is deafening, and wrath is thunderous; only love can silence them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Lips may lie, but the heart always tells the truth.
J. Sarraf|The welkin is blue yet in agony,The air and the water has made a pair,As the love was unfaithful and the earth has to suffer, until the time goes backwards.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Finally, I realised that No One, howsoever you may consider dearest to you, will never mend their ways to appeal you, for they will only follow their own nature. Accept it! You may like it or dislike it. The irony is in the process there may be phases in individual’s lives where their actions/ behaviour may appease you, but that’s never to be misunderstood that they have changed for you. From an evolutionary psychology standpoint, that’s a rebellious attitude that shapes our society!
Bandile M Matsenjwa|You see, I was ready to swim deep for youBut you felt like this was skin deep for youNo coffin, but I'd die for youNo coughing, but I'd lie for you
Bandile M Matsenjwa|I couldn't face being in a comfort zoneBecause when I was in your zone, I'd find comfort
Bandile M Matsenjwa|Everytime I stare at your pictures I'm like "what kind of fool would ever miss this "But babyMy love for you is perceived as a diss
Meghan March|As long as you have at least one thing anchoring you, you can't get too lost.
Matshona Dhliwayo|One who is wise is rich, one who is virtuous is wealthy, one who is happy is affluent, and one who is loving is prosperous.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love in your mind can be felt by some, love in your heart can be felt by many, but love in your soul can be felt by all.
joerobert|Getting married is easy, but divorce is very difficult
Sachin sawariya|This is The matter was of love,that's why I spent my life on youOtherwise this beauty becomes easily available in the market also
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Young love-making--that gossamer web! Even the points it clings to--the things whence its subtle interlacing are swung--are scarcely perceptible; momentary touches of finger-tips, meetings of rays from blue and dark orbs, unfinished phrases, lightest changes of cheek and lip, faintest tremors. The web itself is made of spontaneous beliefs and indefinable joys, yearnings of one life to another, visions of completeness, indefinite trust.
Ramana Pemmaraju|At last I found love in literature, songs, movies except my Life. Should i thank myself for discovering the feeling or should I lament that it was never part of my life?
Sami Abouzid|I Have Confidence in Love, And Most of the Time I doubt it
David Jackson|My wife is a thief...She takes the last cookieTakes forever to get readyShe takes her time in the showerTakes all of the hot waterShe takes my favorite seat on the couchTakes the high road when I lose controlMy wife is a thief...She took my last nameTook the time to get to know me, love meShe took the back seat and let me leadTook on motherhood and the emotional toll that it bringsShe took care of me the many times that I've gotten sickTook on the pain of pregnancy so that the Jackson legacy would live onMy wife takes, and takes, and takes...I'm so proud of my perpetual thief who stole my heart and won't give it back.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Two married partners do not just live with each other, they live in each other, neurologically speaking.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|When two people fall in love, they not only give up their genuine authority over their own lives, but also, they become mutual authorities of the collective life that they build together.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Do not seek for the best partner, but seek for the person who makes you a better version of yourself.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Let me tell you a story. There was a student who asked his teacher, what is love? The teacher said go into the field and bring me the most beautiful flower. The student returned with no flower at hand and said, “I found the most beautiful flower in the field but I didn't pick it up for I might find a better one, but when I returned to the place, it was gone.”We always look for the best in life. When we finally see it, we take it for granted and after some time start expecting a better one, not knowing that it's the best for us.
Sami Abouzid|You Keep Looking at what you want but you can’t have it , and once you have it it will never be the same. Sign of times
Sami Abouzid|Lisa Has a Heart of Diamond, She Never Thought She Would be Left in Silence again and again
Sami Abouzid|You Keep Looking at what you want but you can’t have it , and once you have it it will never be the same.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Cheating is an innate evolutionarily programmed desire, especially in men, but it is not a desire that cannot be controlled.
Avijeet Das|Your gracefulness and feminine charms always so tender, you make my heart smile and wonder!
Luffina Lourduraj|People love you and value you by,how good you are? And not by,how good you look.
Sami Abouzid|The Ones You Forgot To Grab Their Contact Info , Were the Worthy Ones of your time and life
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|If it is logical, it’s not love.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|A human is the one, who would give up a thousand Cleopatras to be with the person he or she loves.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Cheating in relationship is a sign of self-regulation failure. When it happens ones, it is a mistake. When it happens twice, it is unfortunate. But when it happens thrice or more, it is a pattern indicating primitive, uncivilized inhuman behavior.
Avijeet Das|She loved me deeply, madly and passionately. She knew no other way!
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Monogamy is not a choice, it is a responsibility of a genuine human.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Sex is only a tool in love, not love itself.
