Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise|Trust to some was placing all your insecurities and beliefs in one single person, and hoping he or she wouldn’t squash them.
Richie Singh, Chasing Butterflies|Reality is, Hope and Despair lie in the same places. And they're just a matter of perspective.What changed my perspective, was her.
Christian Bovee|When all else is lost, the future still remains.
Charles M. Blow|Trump’s America is not America: not today’s or tomorrow’s, but yesterday’s.Trump’s America is brutal, perverse, regressive, insular and afraid. There is no hope in it; there is no light in it. It is a vast expanse of darkness and desolation.And that is a vision of America that most of the people in this country cannot and will not abide.
Margaret  Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|After all, tomorrow is another day.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|No, Sky. You didn't tell her everything…you told you everything. Those things happened to you, not to someone else. They happened to Hope. They happened to Sky. They happened to the best friend that I loved all those years ago, and they happened to the best friend I love who’s looking back at me right now.
Christie Craig, Shut Up and Kiss Me|Love meant hope. Without love, life held no promise.
Karen Hesse, Out of the Dust|The way I see it, hard times aren't only about money,or drought,or dust.Hard times are about losing spirit,and hope,and what happens when dreams dry up.
Dave Ramsey|Pray like it all depends on God, but work like it all depends on you.
Seamus Heaney|History says, Don’t hopeOn this side of the grave,But then, once in a lifetimeThe longed-for tidal waveOf justice can rise up,And hope and history rhyme
Laurie Halse Anderson, Chains|She cannot chain my soul. Yes, she could hurt me. She'd already done so...I would bleed, or not. Scar, or not. Live, or not. But she could not hurt my soul, not unless I gave it to her.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|Hope in the beginning feels like such a violation of the loss, and yet without it we couldn't survive.
Elie Wiesel, Open Heart|I still believe in man in spite of man. I believe in language even though it has been wounded, deformed, and perverted by the enemies of mankind. And I continue to cling to words because it is up to us to transform them into instruments of comprehension rather than contempt. It is up to us to choose whether we wish to use them to curse or to heal, to wound or to console.
Susane Colasanti, Something Like Fate|Rien ne va arrêter ma quête pour te trouver" No one will stop my quest to find you.
Shannon Lee Alexander, Love and Other Unknown Variables|Scientifically, I know beginnings don't exist. The world is made of energy, which is neither created or destroyed. Everything she is was here before me. Everything she was will remain. Her existence touches both my past and my future at one point- infinity. Lifelines aren't lines at all. They are more like circles.Its safe to start anywhere and the story will curve its way back to the starting point. Eventually.In other words, it doesn't matter where I begin. It doesn't change the end.
Elie Wiesel, Open Heart|Even in darkness it is possible to create light and encourage compassion. That it is possible to feel free inside a prison. That even in exile, friendship exists and can become an anchor. That one instant before dying, man is still immortal.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|This is what it means to live on. When granted hope, a person uses it as fuel, as a guidepost to life. It is impossible to live without hope.
Shannon L. Alder|Maybe, if you can't get someone out of your head they were never meant to leave. Perhaps, they were meant to help change you into the person you have been waiting to become.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Even on the poorest streets people could be heard laughing. Some of these streets were completely dark, like black holes, and the laughter that came from who knows where was the only sign, the only beacon that kept residents and strangers from getting lost.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|There was something better in life than this rub­bish, if only he could get to it—love—nobility—big spaces where passion clasped peace, spaces no science could reach, but they existed for ever, full of woods some of them, and arched with majestic sky and a friend. . .
Jeanne McElvaney, Healing Insights: Effects of Abuse for Adults Abused as Children|There is a moment in our healing journey when our denial crumbles; we realize our experience and it's continued effects on us won't "just go away". That's our breakthrough moment. It's the sun coming out to warm the seeds of hope so they can grow our personal garden of empowerment.
Lauren DeStefano, Wither|Don't you miss it?" I say. "Being free."He laughs.
Elizabeth Strout, Olive Kitteridge|And then as the little plane climbed higher and Olive saw spread out below them fields of bright and tender green in this morning sun, farther out the coastline, the ocean shiny and almost flat, tiny white wakes behind a few lobster boats--then Olive felt something she had not expected to feel again: a sudden surging greediness for life. She leaned forward, peering out the window: sweet pale clouds, the sky as blue as your hat, the new green of the fields, the broad expanse of water--seen from up here it all appeared wondrous, amazing. She remembered what hope was, and this was it. That inner churning that moves you forward, plows you through life the way the boats below plowed the shiny water, the way the plane was plowing forward to a place new, and where she was needed.
Thomas   Moore|I thought that the light-house looked lovely as hope,That star on life's tremulous ocean.
Steve Goodier|Every problem has a gift for you in its hands” (Richard Bach). And if not every problem, then just about every one. Even spectacular sunsets are not possible without cloudy skies. Troubles bring a gift for those who choose to look. And since I can't avoid my problems, why waste them? I should look for the gift. My life will be far, far richer for finding it.
Neal Shusterman, Everwild|Then, in spite of everything, he began to smile. So much of his existence in Everlost had been full of despair. Despair, and a fear of losing what he had. But Allie was not lost, she was just there across the river, waiting for him to find her. Nick was not lost either--not entirely.It was then that Mikey McGill realized something. It must have been his sister who first called this place Everlost, because by naming it so, it stripped away all hope except for a faith in her, and the "safety" she could provide. Well, Mary was wrong on all counts, because nothing in Everlost was lost forever, if one had the courage to search for it.Mikey held tightly on to this shining truth as he and the golem sunk into the earth. Then with all the force of his heart, his mind, and his soul, Mikey McGill began to dig.
Stacey T. Hunt, Most Wanted|Even if things aren't going the way we want right now, we will always get through it.
Vincent van Gogh, Dear Theo|Well, right now it seems that things are going very badly for me, have been doing so for some considerable time, and may continue to do so well into the future. But it is possible that everything will get better after it has all seemed to go wrong. I am not counting on it, it may never happen, but if there should be a change for the better I should regard that as a gain, I should rejoice, I should say, at last! So there was something after all!
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading|I wear a necklace of hope with pearly beads. When I met you, it broke, and the beads spilled all over the floor, into the gutters.
Toni Robinson|Horses change lives. They give out young people confidence and self-esteem. They provide peace and tranquility to troubled souls, they give us hope.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself — my past and the kaleidoscope of mistakes, failures and wrong turns that have stacked unbearable regret upon my shoulders.
Helen Keller, The Open Door|It has been said that life has treated me harshly; and sometimes I have complained in my heart because many pleasures of human experience have been withheld from me…if much has been denied me, much, very much, has been given me…
Tana French, The Likeness|Time works so hard for us, if only we can let it.
Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray|I felt as if I were riding a pendulum. Just as I would swing into the abyss of hopelessness, the pendulum would swing back with some small goodness.
Cornel West, Race Matters|In these downbeat times, we need as much hope and courage as we do vision and analysis; we must accent the best of each other even as we point out the vicious effects of our racial divide and pernicious consequences of our maldistribution of wealth and power. We simply cannot enter the twenty-first century at each other's throats, even as we acknowledge the weighty forces of racism, patriarchy, economic inequality, homophobia, and ecological abuse on our necks. We are at a crucial crossroad in the history of this nation--and we either hang together by combating these forces that divide and degrade us or we hang separately. Do we have the intelligence, humor, imagination, courage, tolerance, love, respect, and will to meet the challenge? Time will tell. None of us alone can save the nation or world. But each of us can make a positive difference if we commit ourselves to do so.
Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock|He hesitated, remembering something Finnikin had said to him on their journey. That somehow, even in the worst of times, the tiniest fragments of good survive. It was the grip in which one held those fragments that counted.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|If you had hope, maybe you could find a way to make things change,. Because if you thought about it, there were so many reasons to try.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Where there is a Key, there is yet hope.
Robert M. Drake|Excuse me, I feel interrupted and I think I've overdose from the idea of loving you.
Robin Jones Gunn, Sierra Jensen Collection, Vol. 2|Sierra felt full of hope and confidence in God. She knew who she was. And she knew Whose she was.Whatever mysterious plan God had for her life, it would be an interesting one. As Christy had said earlier, God writes a different story for each person. Sierra decided hers might not be a bestseller or even a thriller. It certainly wasn't a romance. But it was turning into a fine mystery. And she could live with that.
Robert M. Drake|I kept loving and loving and loving. Every waking hour, I marveled on how these moments would make made me feel. I wanted to love the world and be the change it so deliciously craved.
Sharon Kay Penman, When Christ and His Saints Slept|It was just like him, she thought; with him, a happy ending was always a foregone conclusion. But such was the power of his faith that when she was with him; she found herself believing in happy endings, too.
Judy Blundell, Strings Attached|Faith seems to grab people and not let go, but hope is a double-crosser. It can beat it on you anytime; it's your job to dig in your heels and hang on. Must be nice to have hope in your pocket, like loose change you could jingle through your fingers.
Chirag Tulsiani|Endings are abstruse, mystic and unreal. They are but depleted beginnings purposed to be substituted with newer ones.A transition of outlook and time, similar to our differing moods before and after slumber. Before the act we witness an exhaustion, a sulkiness but on gaining consciousness, we’re rejuvenated and good humored. The wakefulness is the new beginning whereas the tension the disturbance we perceive each night is the weariness of the beginnings, of each day. So there never really is an end, all that there are are beginnings.Beginnings which are promising, which offer hope, which have a new leash on life, which neither denounce nor belittle rather soothe and console by reconstructing the broken pieces of yesterday, mending them and reinforcing them with courage and beauty like never before.
Jennifer Estep, Deadly Sting|I embraced that hope for a moment, grabbed onto it with both hands, and held it close like the rare treasure it was. Then I let go of it, let it float away like a butterfly on a bright day, because the darkest part of the night was yet to come, and there was no place for it here.
Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle|Thank goodness for the first snow, it was a reminder--no matter how old you became and how much you'd seen, things could still be new if you were willing to believe they still mattered.
Malorie Blackman, Boys Don't Cry|The point is, you have family and friends who love you. You have a world out there just waiting for you to conquer it. You have a life that will be anything you make it. That's the point.
Ray Lamontagne|But everything I have to give, I'll give to you
Aberjhani, I Made My Boy Out of Poetry|Just above our terror, the stars painted this storyin perfect silver calligraphy. And our souls, too oftenabused by ignorance, covered our eyes with mercy.
Robert M. Drake|Broken hearts, you can run, you can hide and perhaps the earth is big enough to believe you’re safe. So maybe for a moment you have escaped but hear me, hear me well. Love will find you and it will leave nothing behind.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Naval Treaty|It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.
Robert M. Drake|We’re only instruments of love, flowing through heaps of pain hoping one day we’d hatch a passion of our own.
Meat Loaf, Meat Loaf - Bat Out of Hell|Though it's cold and lonely in the deep dark night, I can see paradise by the dashboard light.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|I would rather my descendants have greater abilities and a greater knowledge of the love of Christ than I do, much like standing on one's shoulders in order to get a clearer view of the valley.
Thomas Wolfe|I believe that we are lost here in America, but I believe we shall be found. And this belief, which mounts now to the catharsis of knowledge and conviction, is for me--and I think for all of us--not only our own hope, but America's everlasting, living dream.
John F. Kennedy|To those peoples in the huts and villages of half the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery, we pledge our best efforts to help them help themselves, for whatever period is required - not because the Communists may be doing it, not because we seek their votes, but because it is right. If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
Lucy Larcom|He who plants a tree, plants a hope.
Thomas Dutton|So this is my cue of where to leave you. Now it's your story to retell and pass on. Because an idea is only relevant if it's being thought upon. So remember, never surrender.'Cause the unrelenting constancy of love and hope will rescue and restore from any scope.
Priscilla Warner, The Faith Club: A Muslim, A Christian, A Jew--Three Women Search for Understanding|this sounds a little simple, but I think if we didnt know illness we wouldnt really feel the exhiliration of good health. and if we never cried, we wouldnt be able to recognize joy. in a way, the good only gains value when it is contrasted with the bad
Geraldine Solon, The Assignment|A lesson for all of us is that for every loss, there is victory, for every sadness, there is joy, and when you think you’ve lost everything, there is hope.
Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy|So dry your tears. Fortune has not yet turned her hatred against all your blessings. The storm has not yet broken upon you with too much violence. Your anchors are holding firm and they permit you both comfort in the present, and hope in the future.
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|Love, Mercy, and Grace, sisters all, attend your wounds of silence and hope.
Linkin Park|You were standing in the wake of devastation And you were waiting on the edge of the unknown And with the cataclysm raining down Insides crying "Save me now" You were there, impossibly alone
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|But human beings are not machines, and however powerful the pressure to conform, they sometimes are so moved by what they see as injustice that they dare to declare their independence. In that historical possibility lies hope.
Anne Stevenson|Mind led bodyto the edge of the precipice.They stared in desireat the naked abyss.If you love me, said mind,take that step into silence.If you love me, said body,turn and exist.
A.R. Ammons, Sphere: The Form of a Motion|Things go away to return, brightened for the passage
Abraham Lincoln|The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battle-field, and patriot grave, to every living heart and hearth-stone, all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.--as quoted in THE RIVER OF WINGED DREAMS
Scott O'Dell, Island of the Blue Dolphins|Below me Rontu was running along the cliffs barking at the screaming gulls. Pelicans were chattering as they finished the blue water. But suddenly I thought of Tutok, and the island seemed very quiet.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, North|Life must go on, even if it's no joke...just pretend to believe in the future.
Shinobu Ohtaka|Destiny isn't something you make as you're told. By overcoming difficulties, life and this whole world can advance forward. That's what destiny is for. A world that has lost the power to advance forward, will be destroyed - Aladdin
James T. McCay|Tomorrow, you promise yourself, things will be different, yet, tomorrow is too often a repetition of today. And you disappoint yourself again and again.
bell hooks, Teaching Community: A Pedagogy of Hope|When we only name the problem, when we state complaint without a constructive focus or resolution, we take hope away. In this way critique can become merely an expression of profound cynicism, which then works to sustain dominator culture.
Carol Oates, Ember|Deep down under where his heart resided, strangled up in thorny vines of guilt, anger, fear and longing, there lay something deeper in him, something that he couldn’t see but she could.
Lola Jaye, By The Time You Read This|Remember this, - where there is life there is hope. You're alive. Embrace this, because YOU CAN DO ANYTHING while there is breath in your body.
Lauren Tarshis, Emma Jean Lazarus Fell in Love|That was how it always was with Colleen: No matter how sad she felt, there was always this little bit of hope - like a speck of glitter caught in your eyelash - that never went away, no matter what.
Christopher Bigsby|When today fails to offer the justification for hope, tomorrow becomes the only grail worth pursuing.
Robert Fanney|Silent. So it should be. You have no place in this world, Luthiel. And there is no other.' Zalos reached out and lifted a few strands of her hair. 'Bright songs and the magic of hope are but a dangerous illusion. The fake comfort of witches charms.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|I remembered back to leo's burial and holding your hand. I was eleven and you were six, your hand soft and small in mine. As the vicar said 'in sure and certain hope of the resurrection of eternal life' you turned to me, 'I don't want sure and certain hope I want sure and certain Bee.
Linkin Park|Do you feel cold and lost in desperation? You build up hope, but failure’s all you’ve known Remember all the sadness and frustration And let it go. Let it go
Friedrich Nietzsche|Remain faithful to the earth, my brothers, with the power of your virtue. Let your gift-giving love and your knowledge serve the meaning of the earth. Thus I beg and beseech you. Do not let them fly away from earthly things and beat with their wings against eternal walls. Alas, there has always been so much virtue that has flown away. Lead back to the earth the virtue that flew away, as I do—back to the body, back to life, that it may give the earth a meaning, a human meaning.
Jennifer Elisabeth|I’ve grown up defined by this desperate, undeniable, ‘can’t breathe’ kind of space inside of myself and I’m afraid that the diagnosis is fatal.
Jennifer Elisabeth|Something, somewhere, knows what’s best for me and promises to keep sending me people and experiences to light my way as long as I live in gratitude and keep paying attention to the signs.
Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"|Mother can beat me all she wants, but I haven’t let her take away my will to somehow survive.
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|In my own life, as winters turn into spring, I find it not only hard to cope with mud but also hard to credit the small harbingers of larger life to come, hard to hope until the outcome is secure. Spring teaches me to look more carefully for the green stems of possibility; for the intuitive hunch that may turn into a larger insight, for the glance or touch that may thaw a frozen relationship, for the stranger's act of kindness that makes the world seem hospitable again.
Tammara Webber, Between the Lines|I try to be rational and suppress the hope that this is for real, but hope has a way of closing its eyes to reason and it just keeps growing. 
Max Porter, Grief is the Thing with Feathers|I remember being scared that something must, surely, go wrong, if we were this happy, her and me, in the early days, when our love was settling into the shape of our lives like cake mixture reaching the corners of the tin as it swells and bakes.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Stop counting your losses and start counting your blessings. Only then will you discover that losses are always easier to point out and count than blessings. And that your blessings will always outnumber your losses, for they are truly immeasurable.
Ronald Knox|Hope is something that is demanded of us; it is not, then, a mere reasoned calculation of our chances. Nor is it merely the bubbling up of a sanguine temperament; if it is demanded of us, it lies not in the temperament but in the will... Hoping for what? For delivereance from persecution, for immunity from plague, pestilence, and famine...? No, for the grace of persevering in his Christian profession, and for the consequent achievement of a happy immortality. Strictly speaking, then, the highest exercise of hope, supernaturally speaking, is to hope for perseverance and for Heaven when it looks, when it feels, as if you were going to lose both one and the other.
Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch|The sun is still there... even if clouds drift over it. Once you have experienced the reality of sunshine you may weep, but you will never feel ice about your heart again.
Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion|It is hope--with regard to our careers, our love lives, our children, our politicians, and our planet--that is primarily to blame for angering and embittering us. The incompatibility between the grandeur of our aspirations and the mean reality of our condition generates the violent disappointments which rack our days and etch themselves in lines of acrimony across our faces.
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|The Victorian Age, for all its humbug, was a period of rapid progress, because men were dominated by hope rather than fear. If we are again to have progress, we must again be dominated by hope.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|If justice takes place, there may be hope, even in the face of a seemingly capricious divinity. 
Oliver Goldsmith|In all my wanderings through this world of care,In all my griefs -- and God has given my share --I still had hopes, my latest hours to crown,Amidst these humble bowers to lay me down;To husband out life's taper at the close,And keep the flame from wasting, by repose:I still had hopes, for pride attends us still,Amidst the swains to show my book-learn'd skill,Around my fire an evening group to draw,And tell of all I felt, and all I saw;And, as a hare, whom hounds and horns pursue,Pants to the place from whence at first she flew,I still had hopes, my long vexations past,Here to return -- and die at home at last.
Barack Obama|Hope is not blind optimism. It's not ignoring the enormity of the task ahead or the roadblocks that stand in our path. It's not sitting on the sidelines or shirking from a fight. Hope is that thing inside us that insists, despite all evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us if we have the courage to reach for it, and to work for it, and to fight for it. Hope is the belief that destiny will not be written for us, but by us, by the men and women who are not content to settle for the world as it is, who have the courage to remake the world as it should be.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|Let truth be told - women do as a rule live through such humiliations, and regain their spirits, and again look about them with an interested eye. While there's life there's hope is a connviction not so entirely unknown to the "betrayed" as some amiable theorists would have us believe.
Temitope Owosela|Hope and faith goes hand-in-hand, because without hope there is no faith. The same goes with want and needs, without any wants, there no need to have a need
Miguel Torga|May the sun come, it's a new day; In the pure land of fantasy; That our darkness enlightened
Jane Yolen|Fiction cannot recite the numbing numbers, but it can be that witness, that memory. A storyteller can attempt to tell the human tale, can make a galaxy out of the chaos, can point to the fact that some people survived even as most people died. And can remind us that the swallows still sing around the smokestacks.
Dean Koontz, Dead and Alive|Imagine that you are more than nothing. Evil made you, but you are no more evil than a child unborn. If you want, if you seek, if you hope, who is to say that your hope might not be answered?
Robert M. Drake|I arrived, I saw humans and I saw through their faces. Nothing ever changes but the light in their eyes. For I too have buried my demons today, without knowing what might remain beneath the face of tomorrow.
Kamand Kojouri|They want us to be afraid. They want us to be afraid of leaving our homes. They want us to barricade our doors and hide our children. Their aim is to make us fear life itself! They want us to hate. They want us to hate 'the other'. They want us to practice aggression and perfect antagonism. Their aim is to divide us all! They want us to be inhuman. They want us to throw out our kindness. They want us to bury our love and burn our hope. Their aim is to take all our light! They think their bricked walls will separate us. They think their damned bombs will defeat us. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that my soul and your soul are old friends. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that when they cut you I bleed. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that we will never be afraid, we will never hate and we will never be silent for life is ours!
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|The king was silent. "Ents!" he said at length. "Out of the shadows of legend I begin a little to understand the marvel of the trees, I think. I have lived to see strange days. Long we have tended our beasts and our fields, built our houses, wrought our tools, or ridden away to help in the wars of Minas Tirith. And that we called the life of Men, the way of the world. We cared little for what lay beyond the borders of our land. Songs we have that tell of these things, but we are forgetting them, teaching them only to children, as a careless custom. And now the songs have come down among us out of the strange places, and walk visible under the Sun.""You should be glad," Théoden King," said Gandalf. "For not only the little life of Men is now endangered, but the life also of those thing which you have deemed the matter of legend. You are not without allies, even if you know them not.""Yet also I should be sad," said Théoden. "For however the fortune of war shall go, may it not so end that much that was fair and wonderful shall pass for ever out of Middle-earth?
Jane Goodall|The least I can do is speak out for the hundreds of chimpanzees who, right now, sit hunched, miserable and without hope, staring out with dead eyes from their metal prisons. They cannot speak for themselves.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Ballads and Other Poems|Be still, sad heart! and cease repining;Behind the clouds is the sun still shining
Graham Greene|If you have abandoned one faith, do not abandon all faith. There is always an alternative to the faith we lose. Or is it the same faith under another name?
Emily Brontë, The Complete Poems|Hope Was but a timid friend;She sat without the grated den,Watching how my fate would tend,Even as selfish-hearted men.She was cruel in her fear;Through the bars one dreary day,I looked out to see her there,And she turned her face away!Like a false guard, false watch keeping,Still, in strife, she whispered peace;She would sing while I was weeping;If I listened, she would cease.False she was, and unrelenting;When my last joys strewed the ground,Even Sorrow saw, repenting,Those sad relics scattered round;Hope, whose whisper would have givenBalm to all my frenzied pain,Stretched her wings, and soared to heaven,Went, and ne'er returned again!
Charles Martin|You put a new heart in Emma a long time ago, it just wasn’t the kind you were thinking of.” He laughed to himself. “Hope is an amazing thing. I saw it in Emma, saw it with my own eyes.
Shannon L. Alder|When you see people only as personalities, rather than souls with life missions to fulfill, you forever limit the growth and possibilities of what God has in store for another person.
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno|She comforted him in his darkness and gave him hope. She seemed to cherish a sincere affection for him, despite his failings. 'She saved me'.
C.S. Lewis|Here the whole world (stars, water, air,And field, and forest, as they wereReflected in a single mind)Like cast off clothes was left behindIn ashes, yet with hopes that she,Re-born from holy poverty,In lenten lands, hereafter mayResume them on her Easter Day."(Epitaph for Joy Davidman)
Thomas à Kempis, The Inner Life|In the Cross is salvation; in the Cross is life; in the Cross is protection against our enemies; in the Cross is infusion of heavenly sweetness; in the Cross is strength of mind; in the Cross is joy of spirit; in the Cross is excellence of virtue; in the Cross is perfection of holiness. There is no salvation of soul, nor hope of eternal life, save in the Cross.
Anne Fortier, Juliet|There is a trick to flying. The angels told me." He had smiled at my wide-eyed awe. "You need to forget everything you know as a human being. When you are human, you discover that there is great power in hating the earth. And it can almost make you fly. But it never will."I had frowned, not quite understanding him. "So, what's the trick?""Love the sky.
Christine de Pizan, Ditié de Jehanne d'Arc|[W]hen someone finds himself quite unjustly attacked and hated on all sides, there is no need for such a person to feel dismayed by misfortune. See how Fortune, who has harmed many a one, is so inconstant, for God, Who opposes all wrong deeds, raises up those in whom hope dwells.
Patrick Curry, Defending Middle-Earth: Tolkien: Myth and Modernity|Despair is for people who know, beyond any doubt, what the future is going to bring. Nobody is in that position. So despair is not only a kind of sin, theologically, but also a simple mistake, because nobody actually knows. In that sense there is always hope.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|Don’t simply exist in this world, but grasp life’s potential by the jacket. Dare it to be all it can. Make life historical—a gripping account of accomplishment. Make life a mystery—a challenging, bold adventure. Make life heartfelt—an enduring, poetic romance. Whatever it is you make of your world, live the fairytale.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|I am hopeful, though not full of hope, and the only reason I don't believe in happy endings is because I don't believe in endings.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Do you think it is a vain hope that one day man will find joy in noble deeds of light and mercy, rather than in the coarse pleasures he indulges in today -- gluttony, fornication, ostentation, boasting, and envious vying with his neighbor? I am certain this is not a vain hope and that the day will come soon.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Retribution|For our people, butterflies are a symbol of hope. It's said that if you capture one in your hands and whisper your dreams to it, it will carry them up to the heavens so that the wish can be granted.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|The day will bring hope for me," said Aragorn. "Is it not said that no foe has ever taken the Hornburg, if men defended it?""So the minstrels say," said Éomer."Then let us defend it, and hope!
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Here's a funny question:What is your favorite word?Think about it—maybe it's a word that makes you absolutely happy, or a word that sounds gloriously beautiful, or a word that evokes awe and wonder. Maybe you are reminded of a great time when you hear it, or maybe it represents your life's dream.So, what is it? What is your favorite word of all words?Thought about it yet?Good..
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|It's not that we had no heart or eyes for pain. We were all afraid. We all had our miseries. But to despair was to wish for something already lost. Or to prolong what was already unbearable...What was worse, to sit and wait for our own deaths with proper somber faces? Or to choose our own happiness?"So we decided to hold parties and pretend each week had become the new year. Each week we could forget past wrongs done to us. We weren't allowed to think a bad thought. We feasted, we laughed, we played games, lost and won, we told the best stories. And each week we could hope to be lucky. That hope was our only joy. And that's how we came to call our little parties Joy Luck.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|He cursed himself for having assumed the weather would be sunny. Perhaps it was the result of evolution, he thought--some adaptive gene that allowed the English to go on making blithe outdoor plans in the face of almost certain rain.
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney, Autumnal Dancer|You are one woman in an endless line of women who were chosen to love more passionately than others, be committed to justice more fervently than others, and seek our Maker’s higher expressions more reflectively than others.
Nalini Singh, Angels' Flight|After this is over, I want a shower in a really big bathroom.""I'll get us the penthouse.""What makes you think you'll be sharing it with me?""I live in hope.
Maggie Stiefvater, Linger|Somewhere fate laughs in her far-off country, because now I am the human and it is Grace I will lose again and again, immer wieder, always the same, every winter, losing more of her each year, unless I find a cure.
Amy Kathleen Ryan, Glow|We do matter. To believe that our lives are meaningful is the essence of faith. We are not as large, or as bright, or as eternal as the stars, but we carry humankind's message of love across the galaxy. We are the first. We are the world makers. Our nourishment is hope. Like the tender reed shaking in the wind, we will reach up to a new sun.
Carlos Fuentes|I dalje verujem da Sunce izlazi svakoga dana i da svako novo Sunce najavljuje novi dan;dan koji je juče bio budućnost. I dalje verujem da će današnji dan, u trenutku zatvaranja jedne stranice vremena, obećati sutra – ranije nepredvidivo, kasnije neponovljivo
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|I’ve always seen this in you, ever since you were a little girl — this hunger to love other people into their highest selves and it’s what has made me irreversibly and just so forever in love with you.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|Please… Whoever you are, whatever you are… I believe in you even though I don’t completely understand you. I feel you around me even though I can’t exactly describe what I’m feeling. Sometimes things happen to me and I know that you’re there and I’m humbled by the lack of coincidence that exists in the world. Whatever you want from me, it’s yours — just please help me. You know how I get when I lose control, and I find myself constantly being pulled back there these days.
Patricia St. John, Patricia St. John Tells Her Own Story|...stooping very low, He engraves with careHis Name, indelible, upon our dust;And from the ashes of our self-despair,Kindles a flame of hope and humble trust.He seeks no second site on which to build,But on the old foundation, stone by stone,Cementing sad experience with grace,Fashions a stronger temple of His own.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|We have such numerous interests in our lives that it is not uncommon, on a single occasion, for the foundations of a happiness that does not yet exist to be laid down alongside the intensification of a grief from which we are still suffering.
Ian Caldwell, The Rule of Four|Hope...which is whispered from Pandora's box only after all the other plagues and sorrows had escaped, is the best and last of all things. Without it, there is only time. And time pushes at our backs like a centrifuge, forcing us outward and away, until it nudges us into oblivion.
Jack Whyte, Uther|A man is a fool to live in hopes of a better tomorrow. I have a thousand, better ways today to spend what time remains ahead of me, and I have brighter, lighter and more pleasant places in which to spend it.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.
Criss Jami, Healology|With no positivity, there is no hope; with no negativity, there is no improvement.
Ann Napolitano, A Good Hard Look|Hope may have a positive reputation, but it has a vicious downside. If you have hope, you can be crushed.
Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit|Similar to a butterfly, I've gone through a metamorphosis, been released from my dark cocoon, embraced my wings, and soared!
Lucian of Samosata|Human life is under the absolute dominion of two mighty principles, fear and hope, and that any one who can make these serve his ends may be sure of rapid fortune.
Veronique Vienne, The Art of the Moment: Simple Ways to Get the Most from Life|Are we alone? Over time, you will come up with various answers to that same nagging question. Eventually one day it will occur to you that this endless asking is the answer you have been looking for. The fact that we have an ongoing dialogue with the universe is proof enough that there is "something" out there.
Marc Bolan, Marc Bolan Lyric Book|A DAY LAYE""Every dawn of our lives a heart is forged andLinked with lore to one so similarBorn with blessed life dustStored beneath its soulTo bless and pass onto its childrenEven though the wind may blow it all awayDon't ever worry 'cos I'm your friend.
Alex Scarrow, The Eternal War|It sounded like walls tumbling, liberty bells chiming, government buildings being stormed.It sounded like a revolution.It sounded like hope.
Kamand Kojouri|Here's another poem,like all others before and after,dedicated to you.There isn't anything left to be saidbut I will spend my lifetrying to put you into words.You who is every goodness,every optimismand hope.Your love is a better fate for methan anything I could wish for.If you are a part of me, then you’re the best part.And if you're separate from me, then you are my destination.But I’ve become a weary traveller,so please,let us never be apart.
Albert Ehrenstein, Tubutsch|Once a day has begun eventfully, it generally carries on being every bit as lively.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|What did I tell you? Something's happening!' cried Sam. '"The war's going well," said Shagrat; but Gorbag he wasn't so sure. And he was right there too. Things are looking up, Mr. Frodo. haven't you got some hope now?''Well, no, not much, Sam,' Frodo sighed. 'That's away beyond the mountains. We're going east not west. And I'm so tired. And the Ring is so heavy, Sam. And I begin to see it in my mind all the time, like a great wheel of fire.
Erin Hunter|The only true borders lie between day and night, between life and death, between hope and loss.
T.D. Jakes|Unforgiveness denies the victim the possibility of parole and leaves them stuck in the prison of what was, incarcerating them in their trauma and relinquishing the chance to escape beyond the pain.
May Water/May B. Wilde|Many things are thrown our way in this game of life. It's how you deal with them that shows your true character. I want all of you to feel the hope, love & passion I feel for the upcoming year & the rest of my life. I want ALL of you to not only go for your dreams, but have a damn ass good time doing it! Love & Warmth, May ♥
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|A truly Christian love, either to God or men, is a humble broken-hearted love. The desires of the saints, however earnest, are humble desires. Their hope is a humble hope; and their joy, even when it is unspeakable and full of glory, is a humble broken-hearted joy, and leaves the Christian more poor in spirit, and more like a little child, and more disposed to a universal lowliness of behaviour.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|In a world plagued with commonplace tragedies, only one thing exists that truly has the power to save lives, and that is love.
The Calling|I know now, just quite howMy life and love might still go onIn your heart, in your mindI'll stay with you for all of time.
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|Hope and reality lie in inverse proportions, inside the walls of a hospital... Doubt is like dye. Once is spreads into the fabric of excuses you've woven, you'll never get rid of the stain.
Toni Sorenson|I challenge you to make your life the masterpiece you want to paint, the novel you want to read, the day you want to wake to.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens|The door', replied Maimie, 'will always, always be open, and mother will always be waiting at it for me.
Jonathan Goldstein, Lenny Bruce is Dead|Everyone runs around trying to find a place where they still serve breakfast because eating breakfast, even if it's 5 o'clock in the afternoon, is a sign that the day has just begun and good things can still happen. Having lunch is like throwing in the towel.
Tess Gerritsen, The Silent Girl|With every year that I grow older, I also draw closer to (my loved ones) to the day when we will once again be together. So I march through the deepening shadows, serene and unafraid, because I know that at the end of my journey they will be waiting for me.
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|Hope and desire,All unfulfilled,Have more than ropeAnd hangman killed.
Julia Golding, Den of Thieves|Sorry Johnny." "Sorry for what " "For shouting at you. It's just that when I think about the future I keep panicking. It's like falling from the top of the stairs in the dark not knowing where I'll end up."  He put his arm around my shoulders. "I understand. Life is precarious for most of us but more so for you. What you forget is what most of your friends see in you."  "What's that " "The ability to beat the odds..." "And fall on my feet " He nodded.  "I just hope that lasts." "It will Catkin it will. It wouldn't dare fail you.
Scylar Tyberius, Sebastian the Great|Live for the lovers, not the haters!
Jesse Ball, The Curfew|That would be the death of anyone - to recognize false hopes with a certainty. One mustn't know that. If it is offered, refuse!
Théodore Monod|Do we ever have to abandon all hope? Is it not perhaps a good thing that by refusing to give in to the evidence, the dreams that lie half awake in us all may persist?
Joan Clark|Hope is a flicker, a candle flame kept burning by the simple act of breathing.
Gabrielle Giffords|Mile by mile, it's a trial; yard by yard, it's hard; but inch by inch, it's a cinch.
Katherine Easer, Vicious Little Darlings|A few weeks ago I had a dream. I dreamed I was back at the house, in the red room, reading my microeconomics textbook. Maddy outside playing with Hope, and Agnes was preparing dinner. It was just like old times. I was elated. I knew all along that they weren't really dead. It was all just a terrible mistake. Maddy joined me in the library. Strangely, she didn't smell like anything. Not her usual crème brulee or green apples or candy. That's when I realized she was dead, though I didn't know I was dreaming. She apologized for everything and then proceeded to explain why things had turned out the way they had. Her story made complete sense. It was what I needed to hear. Finally I had an answer. Finally I could let go. And then she vanishedWhen I woke up, in a pool of sweat, I couldn't remember a thing Maddy had said.
Hannah Senesh|To die,so young to die.No, no, not I,I love the warm sunny skies,light, song, shining eyes,I want no war, no battle cry,No, no, not I.
Stephanie Skeem|Flowers don't tell, they show. That's the way good books should be too."--Stephanie Skeem. Author of Flotsam
David McCullough, In the Dark Streets Shineth: A 1941 Christmas Eve Story|Let the children have their night of fun and laughter. Let the gifts of Father Christmas delight their play. Let us grown-ups share to the full in their unstinted pleasures before we turn again to the stern task and the formidable years that lie before us, resolved that, by our sacrifice and daring, these same children shall not be robbed of their inheritance or denied their right to live in a free and decent world." Winston Churchill Christmas Eve Message, 1941 as printed in "In the Dark Streets Shineth.
Dianne Sylvan, Queen of Shadows|She was famous, and she was insane.Her voice soared out over the audience, holding them spellbound and enraptured, delivering their hopes and fears tangled in chords and rhythm. They called her an angel, her voice a gift.She was famous, and she was a liar.
Judith Lewis Herman|The traumatized person is often relieved simply to learn the true name of her condition. By ascertaining her diagnosis, she begins the process of mastery. No longer imprisoned in the wordlessness of the trauma, she discovers that there is a language for her experience. She discovers that she is not alone; others have suffered in similar ways. She discovers further that she is not crazy; the traumatic syndromes are normal human responses to extreme circumstances. And she discovers, finally, that she is not doomed to suffer this condition indefinitely; she can expect to recover, as others have recovered...
Rainer Werner Fassbinder|Women think in [Douglas] Sirk’s films. Something which has never struck me with other directors. None of them. Usually women are always reacting, doing what women are supposed to do, but in Sirk they think. It’s something that has to be seen. It’s great to see women think. It gives one hope. Honestly.
Gerard Manley Hopkins, Poems by Gerard Manley Hopkins|NOT, I’ll not, carrion comfort, Despair, not feast on thee;Not untwist—slack they may be—these last strands of manIn me ór, most weary, cry I can no more. I can;Can something, hope, wish day come, not choose not to be.
Mark Twain, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court|But it is a blessed provision of nature that at times like these, as soon as a man's mercury has got down to a certain point there comes a revulsion, and he rallies. Hope springs up, and cheerfulness along with it, and then he is in good shape to do something for himself, if anything can be done.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|Four times during the first six days they were assembled and briefed and then sent back. Once, they took off and were flying in formation when the control tower summoned them down. The more it rained, the worse they suffered. The worse they suffered, the more they prayed that it would continue raining. All through the night, men looked at the sky and were saddened by the stars. All through the day, they looked at the bomb line on the big, wobbling easel map of Italy that blew over in the wind and was dragged in under the awning of the intelligence tent every time the rain began. The bomb line was a scarlet band of narrow satin ribbon that delineated the forward most position of the Allied ground forces in every sector of the Italian mainland.For hours they stared relentlessly at the scarlet ribbon on the map and hated it because it would not move up high enough to encompass the city.When night fell, they congregated in the darkness with flashlights, continuing their macabre vigil at the bomb line in brooding entreaty as though hoping to move the ribbon up by the collective weight of their sullen prayers. "I really can't believe it," Clevinger exclaimed to Yossarian in a voice rising and falling in protest and wonder. "It's a complete reversion to primitive superstition. They're confusing cause and effect. It makes as much sense as knocking on wood or crossing your fingers. They really believe that we wouldn't have to fly that mission tomorrow if someone would only tiptoe up to the map in the middle of the night and move the bomb line over Bologna. Can you imagine? You and I must be the only rational ones left."In the middle of the night Yossarian knocked on wood, crossed his fingers, and tiptoed out of his tent to move the bomb line up over Bologna.
Radclyffe Hall, The Well of Loneliness|Do try to remember this: even the world's not so black as it is painted"-Valerie to Stephen (pg. 408)
Brock Clarke, An Arsonist's Guide to Writers' Homes in New England|Oh no," I said, because if our life is just one endless song about hope and regret, then "oh no" is apparently that song's chorus, the words we always return to.
Christina Rossetti, Poems of Christina Rossetti|For if the darkness and corruption leaveA vestige of the thoughts that once I had,Better by far you should forget and smileThan that you should remember and be sad.
Rebecca Solnit|The positive emotions that arise in...unpromising circumstances demonstrate that social ties and meaningful work are deeply desired, readily improvised, and intensely rewarding. The very structure of our economy and society prevent these goals from being achieved.
Steven Galloway|By the time the last few notes fade, his hope will be restored, but each time he's force to resort to the Adagio it becomes harder, and he knows its effect is finite. There are only a certain number of Adagios left in him, and he will not recklessly spend this precious currency. 
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|How does one kill fear, I wonder? How do you shoot a spectre through the heart, slash off its spectral head, take it by its spectral throat?
Curtis White, The Spirit of Disobedience: Resisting the Charms of Fake Politics, Mindless Consumption, and the Culture of Total Work|...This is the arena in which a spiritualized disobedience means most. It doesn't mean a second New Deal, another massive bureaucratic attack on our problems. It doesn't mean taking to the streets, throwing bricks through the window at the Bank of America, or driving a tractor through the local McDonald's. It means living differently. It means taking responsibility for the character of the human world. That's a real confrontation with the problem of value. In short, refusal of the present is a return to what Thoreau and Ruskin called "human fundamentals, valuable things," and it is a movement into the future. This movement into the future is also a powerful expression of that most human spiritual emotion, Hope.p.124
Elizabeth Cook-Lynn|The journey through another world, beyond bad dreamsbeyond the memories of a murdered generation,cartographed in captivity by bare survivorsmakes sacristans of us all.The old ones go our bail, we oblate preachers of our tribes.Be careful, they say, don't hock the beads of kinship agonies; the moire-effect of unfamiliar hymnsupon our own, a change in pitch or shrillness of the voicetransforms the ways of song to words of poetry or proseand makes distinctionsno one recognizes.Surrounded and absorbed, we tread like Etruscanson the edge of useless law; we prayto the giver of prayer, we give the cane whistlein ceremony, we swing the heavy silver chainof incense burners. Migration makes new citizens of Rome.
Jerome Groopman|Hope can be imagined as a domino effect, a chain reaction, each increment making the next increase more feasible... There are moments of fear and doubt that can deflate it.
Vincent McNabb|Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them. 
Lauren Myracle, Bliss|I suppose she's right. It's like a metaphor for life: No one wants an ornery old goat, but we can't resist opening the door ayway. We can't keep from hoping.
Nadine C. Keels, The Song of Nadine|Wherever the hope of glory lives, hopelessness passes away.
Vixen Phillips, Trapdoor|Because now that it's finally morning, the shadows are beginning to fade, the shadows that have been covering my mind and my soul. Now that they're gone, I can almost start to see the way, and it's different from the one they'd convinced me was all I could have.
Jacqueline Winslow|Faith doesn't always come naturally but as we take those steps of faith, we notice little by little that our faith has grown and it isn't as hard as we first thought. 
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|I couldn't help thinking that if I, by pure chance, had found a whole universe in a single unknown book, buried in that endless necropolis, tens of thousands more would remain unexplored, forgotten forever.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|disappointment had to be postponed, hope kept alive as long as possible;
Jennifer Estep, Heart of Venom|...but if there was one thing that all my years as the Spider, all the battles, all the brushes with my own death, had taught me, then it was THIS.That THIS was what was important. This moment right now and all the ones that we are lucky enough to have after it. Today, tomorrow, hell, maybe even forever.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|I feel a resurgence of my 6-year-old self… that little warrior, goddess of a girl reminding me of who I was when I was little, before the world got its hands on me.
K.J. Parker, Sharps|He turned away, and suddenly she thought about the old children's story, where the stupid girl opens the box that God gave her, and all the evils of the world fly out, except Hope, which stays at the bottom; and she wondered what Hope was doing in there in the first place, in with all the bad things. Then the answer came to her, and she wondered how she could've been so stupid. Hope was in there because it was evil too, probably the worst of them all, so heavy with malice and pain that it couldn't drag itself out of the opened box.
Magith Noohukhan|Never loose hope. Stay strong, you never know what tomorrow brings.
Angie  Smith, Letting Go of Perfect: Women, Expectations, and Authenticity|But that's just it; I can either focus on what I have lost, or what I have gained, and I choose the latter.
Octavia E. Butler|There is nothing new under the sun, but there are new suns.
Cate Tiernan, Immortal Beloved|I cared about them. I wanted them to feel better, to live better lives. And then it occurred to me - I cared about myself. I wanted me to live a better life, too Caring about myself was allowing me to care about others.
George Lucas, A New Hope|We’re a couple of shooting stars, Biggs, and we’ll never be stopped.
Chimnese Davids, Muses of Wandering Passions|I kept reaching for my muses,my wandering muses, floatingon clouds filled with their passions.”(Muses of Wandering Passions, p. 64)
John Rachel, A Long Night's Journey Into Daylight|We hold our dreams and ideals close to our hearts, where the promises are made to the future generations.
Robert G. Ingersoll|The idea of immortality, that like a sea has ebbed and flowed in the human heart, with its countless waves of hope and fear, beating against the shores and rocks of time and fate, was not born of any book, nor of any creed, nor of any religion. It was born of human affection, and it will continue to ebb and flow beneath the mists and clouds of doubt and darkness as long as love kisses the lips of death. It is the rainbow – Hope shining upon the tears of grief.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|I made a sorry face in response to such strong insistence, but I couldn’t believe him. Fantasies were exactly that..…..fantasies. Whimsy. Wishes. Mere castles in the sky without foundation or substance. Dreams didn’t come true. To believe so would be to believe falsely, to surrender to madness, to give in to an unreliable hope that would crush me once again as it always, always did!
Mary Balogh, A Matter of Class|But only a person in the depths of despair neglected to look beyond winter to the spring that inevitably followed, bringing back color and life and hope.
Isabel  Lopez, Isabel's Hand-Me-Down Dreams|When our dreams don’t come true, sometimes we can hand them down to our children and hope that they will come true for them. The joy can be immeasurable just the same.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It is ignorance that is at times incomprehensible to the wise; for instance, he may not see 'the positive person' or 'the negative person' in such a black and white way as many people do. A wise man may not understand it because, as a catalyst of wisdom, but not always wise in his own eyes, even he can learn from and give back to fools. To think that an individual has absolutely nothing to offer to the table is counter-intuitively what the wise man considers to be 'the ignorance of hopelessness'.
Umair Naeem, Drowning Shadows|Worry looks back, Hope looks forward, but Faith always looks up.
Cora Carmack, Losing It|He wore his hope like a winter coat, layered over the top of all of him.
Michelle Horst|You can never run from your past; it defines who you are today. But, use your Awo given intelligence and enjoy the future…because THAT only comes once.’ VAALBARA The Land of Shadows
Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other|Even after centuries of human interacting, children still continue to rebel against their parents and siblings. Young marrieds look upon their in-laws and parents as obstacles to their independence and growth. Parents view their children as selfish ingrates. Husbands desert their wives and seek greener fields elsewhere. Wives form relationships with heroes of soap operas who vicariously bring excitement and romance into their empty lives. Workers often hate their bosses and co-workers and spend miserable hours with them, day after day. On a larger scale, management cannot relate with labour. Each accuses the other of unreasonable self-interests and narrow-mindedness. Religious groups often become entrapped, each in a provincial dogma resulting in hate and vindictiveness in the name of God. Nations battle blindly, under the shadow of the world annihilation, for the realization of their personal rights. Members of these groups blame rival groups for their continual sense of frustration, impotence, lack of progress and communication. We have obviously not learned much over the years. We have not paused long enough to consider the simple truth that we humans are not born with particular attitudinal sets regarding other persons, we are taught into them. We are the future generation's teachers. We are, therefore, the perpetrators of the confusion and alienation we abhor and which keeps us impotent in finding new alternatives. It is up to us to diligently discover new solutions and learn new patterns of relating, ways more conducive to growth, peace, hope and loving coexistence. Anything that is learned can be unlearned and relearned. In this process called change lies our real hope.
Bashō Matsuo, Japanese Haiku|Dead my old fine hopesAnd dry my dreaming but still...Iris, blue each spring
Cressida Cowell, How to Twist a Dragon's Tale|And now that its ruby eyes are set into the gold, you cannot see their tear-shape, so they seem to be laughing rather than crying. It is a constant reminder to me of the human ability to create something beautiful even when things are at the darkest.
Tabitha Suzuma, A Note of Madness|But whichever form it took it brought with it, in those moments of bitter anguish, such a desperate surge of hope that it was almost untouchable, and flitted away like a golden butterfly into the bright blue sky - beautiful, unreachable and completely transistent.
Orison Swett Marden|There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.
Edwidge Danticat, Krik? Krak!|People are just too hopeful, and sometimes hope is the biggest weapon of all to use against us. People will believe anything.
John Rucyahana, The Bishop of Rwanda: Finding Forgiveness Amidst a Pile of Bones|We are preaching hope, standing on the bones of the past.
Andre Dubus, Dancing After Hours|What cracks had he left in their hearts? Did they love less now and settle for less in return, as they held onto parts of themselves they did not want to give and lose again? Or - and he wished this - did they love more fully because they had survived pain, so no longer feared it?
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|The living dead had taken more from us than land and loved ones. They'd robbed us of our confidence as the planet's dominant life form. We were a shaken, broken species, driven to the edge of extinction and grateful only for tomorrow with perhaps a little less suffering than today. Was this the legacy we would leave our children, a level of anxiety and self-doubt not seen since our simian ancestors cowered in the tallest trees? What kind of world would they rebuild? Would they rebuild at all? Could they continue to progress, knowing that they would be powerless to reclaim their future? And what if that future saw another rise of the living dead? Would our descendants rise to meet them in battle, or simply crumple in meek surrender and accept what they believe to be their inevitable extinction? For this alone, we had to reclaim our planet. We had to prove to ourselves that we could do it, and leave that proof as this war's greatest monument. The long, hard road back to humanity, or the regressive ennui of Earth's once-proud primates. That was the choice, and it had to be made now.
Samuel Smiles|Hope is the companion of power, and mother of success; for who so hopes strongly has within him the gift of miracles.
Gayla Reid, All the Seas of the World|Old folks live on memory, young folk live on hope.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown|Betsy was so full of joy that she had to be alone. She went upstairs to her bedroom and sat down on Uncle Keith's trunk. Behind Tacy's house the sun had set. A wind had sprung up and the trees, their color dimmed, moved under a brooding sky. All the stories she had told Tacy and Tib seemed to be dancing in those trees, along with all the stories she planned to write some day and all the stories she would read at the library. Good stories. Great stories. The classics. Not Rena's novels.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|You do not get what you wish for, unless it be known to the source of your desire.
Sam Taylor|But hope, I can tell you, is an exhausting emotion; perhaps, along with fear, the most exhausting of all. It is like juggling eggs: the hope is the shell, and inside is despair. A single crack and the despair might spill everywhere, stain everything.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|I really rarely meet someone with quality like this:has great expectation and persistent efforts to earn it,yet also had a high immunity against disappointment.Jarang sekali aku bertemu orang dengan kualitas seperti ini:memiliki harapan besar dan upaya gigih untuk mencapainya,namun juga punya kekebalan yang tinggi terhadap kekecewaan.
Holly Cupala, Tell Me a Secret|Keep your eyes on the future, because that's where the answers are. It's where the hope is.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|It's old, very old I think. Made up long ago in our hills. What my music teacher calls a mountain air. But the words are easy and soothing, promising tomorrow will be more hopeful than this awful piece of time we call today.
Kevin Brockmeier, The Brief History of the Dead|But love doesn't always generate hope. Anyone who has ever experienced love knows that you can have too much love or too little. You can have love that parches, love that defeats. You can have love measured out in the wrong proportions. It's like your sunlight and water--the wrong kind of love is just as likely to stifle hope as it is to nourish it.
Augustine of Hippo, Daily Readings with St. Augustine|Let the Lord your God be your hope – seek for nothing else from him, but let him himself be your hope. There are people who hope from him riches or perishable and transitory honours, in short they hope to get from God things which are not God himself.
Krisi Keley, On the Soul of a Vampire|Oh, but I was an idiot. Wanting to be whatever magic she waited for, when I had no magic - only darkness or death to give. But it seemed in that one instant, when she turned to discover what was behind her, that I could have brought happiness to at least one mortal. Me and my dreams of goodness. I had always been a fool for them.
Aberjhani, Illuminated Corners: Collected Essays and Articles Volume I.|The job facing American voters… in the days and years to come is to determine which hearts, minds and souls command those qualities best suited to unify a country rather than further divide it, to heal the wounds of a nation as opposed to aggravate its injuries, and to secure for the next generation a legacy of choices based on informed awareness rather than one of reactions based on unknowing fear.
Elizabeth George Speare, Calico Captive|I have no word of yours to assure me that our brief friendship held for you the same significance it held for me, but I must go on believing so. Every hope of the future is meaningless unless I have faith that you and I will share it together.
Wendell Berry|As I age in the world it will rise and spread,and be for this place horizonand orison, the voice of its winds.I have made myself a dream to dreamof its rising, that has gentled my nights.Let me desire and wish well the lifethese trees may live when Ino longer rise in the morningsto be pleased with the green of themshining, and their shadows on the ground, and the sound of the wind in them.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|Hope was always out ahead of fact, possibility obscured the outlines of reality.
Dana Reeve|Your emotional state has a tremendous amount to do with sickness, health and well-being. For years, my husband and I lived on -- and because of -- hope. Hope continues to give me the mental strength to carry on.
Stephen King, The Dark Tower|Free at last, he thought. Great God Almighty, I'm free at last. Then: I believe this is redemption. And it's good, isn't it? Quite good, indeed.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Hope, how she had grown to hate the word. It was an insideious seed planted inside a person's soul, surviving covertly on little tending, then flowering so spectacularly that none could help but cherish it.
Stanice Anderson|In tough and desperate times when your creativity begs to be birthed, loose the confines of the ground; stand up in your faith and walk atop the waves…
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Hope and faith underlie a promise,and love energizes men to realize it.
Tracy L. Conway, I Wandered from New Orleans: Poems from the South|Night always turns to day again as long as the sun shall rise, so shall it be for darkened dreams grown pale from compromise
Craig M. Gay, The Way of the (Modern) World: Or, Why It's Tempting to Live As If God Doesn't Exist|Christian hope frees us to act hopefully in the world. It enables us to act humbly and patiently, tackling visible injustices in the world around us without needing to be assured that our skill and our effort will somehow rid the world of injustice altogether. Christian hope, after all, does not need to see what it hopes for (Heb. 11:1); and neither does it require us to comprehend the end of history. Rather, it simply requires us to trust that even the most outwardly insignificant of faithful actions - the cup of cold water given to the child, the widow's mite offered at the temple, the act of hospitality shown to the stranger, none of which has any overall strategic socio-political significance so far as we can now see - will nevertheless be made to contribute in some significant way to the construction of God's kingdom by the action of God's creative and sovereign grace.
Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger|Doubt is the ally of hope, not its enemy, and together they made all the blessing he had.
Adriana Trigiani, Very Valentine|I used to believe my art had to be about the things that brought me joy and gave me hope. But I learned that art can be found in all of life, even in pain. --Valentine, while in Italy (pg 267)
Robert S. Graetz|I am planting a tree in this bomb crater to remind us that in the midst of death, there is life... and hope.
Charles R. Swindoll|Consistent, Timely encouragement has the staggering magnetic power to draw an immortal soul to the God of Hope. The one whose name is Wonderful Counselor.
Brandi L. Bates, Quirk|David’s mouth dripped open slowly. He stood with his heels dug into my carpet, a dashed hope, a broken dream. No amount of money could top the priceless look that gathered on his face like an unmade bed. His eyebrows crumpled and furrowed like disheveled sheets. His lips curled into an acidic smirk. Confusion and shock collided in the cornea of his dilated pupils. He was a B.B. King song, personified. His entire body sang the blues.
Lynn Hubbard|quote from Chase the Moon- Some people are just downright wicked, and sometimes evil wins - but not always.
Jennifer Elisabeth|If ever I was running, it was towards you.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|I really believe that there is an invisible red thread tied between him and me, and that it has stretched and tangled for years — across oceans and lifetimes. I know that it won’t break because our souls are tied.
Nikki Rowe|We grow up with such an idealistic view on how our life should be; love, friendships, a career or even the place we will live ~ only to age and realise none of it is what you expected & reality is a little disheartening, when you've reached that realisation; you have learnt the gift of all, any new beginning can start now and if you want anything bad enough you'll find the courage to pursue it with all you have. The past doesn't have to be the future, stop making it so.
David Mitchell, Slade House|Grief is an amputation, but hope is incurable haemophilia: you bleed and bleed and bleed. Like Schrödinger’s cat inside a box you can never ever open.
Nina LaCour, Everything Leads to You|There are still Ava Maddoxes to find and sets to create and girls to kiss and colleges to attend. It's possible that someday I will hear a patsy Cline song and the heartbreak will barely register. It will be some distant, buried feeling. I won't remember how much it once hurt.
Jessica Stern, Denial: A Memoir of Terror|I can still bring into my body the joy I felt at seeing the first trillium of spring, which seemed to be telling me, "Never give up hope, spring will come.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|I want you to trust yourself, baby. Love is all that matters and you’ve always known that. You’ve known, since you were a very little girl, what your life is meant to be about…
Israelmore Ayivor|Many were the steps taken in doubt, that saw their shapeless ends in no time. Those who travail in faith today will truimph in joy tomorrow. Let faith lead the way.
Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics|...William Stegner...coined the term 'the geography of hope,' countering the argument that wilderness preservation served elites with the assertion that wilderness could be a place in which everyone could locate their hopefulness even if few actually entered it. 
Helen Keller, Optimism|Once I knew the depth where no hope was, and darkness lay on the face of all things... But a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|He had that sense, or inward prophecy,-- which a young man had better never have been born than not to have, and a mature man had better die at once than utterly to relinquish,-- that we are not doomed to creep on forever in the old bad way, but that, this very now, there are harbingers abroad of a golden era, to be accomplished in his own lifetime.
Cate Tiernan, Immortal Beloved|Maybe what River had meant was that time itself was like a river, moving steadily forward, and you got to be in a new river every day, every hour. All my life I'd felt like a lake. A lake where everyhting was contained, forever. All my experiences, all the different people I'd been, everything I'd had, everything I'd lost...I carried them around with me, all the time
Santosh Kalwar|Move on, sky is not limit, wind can touch you, water can dip you, mother will care you, wife will nurture you and above all, oneday you will see your child following, up above the sky; you became a star, twinkling, watching and waiting to come back again, on earth.
Taylor Swift|My hope for the future, not just in the music industry, but in every young girl I meet…is that they all realize their worth and ask for it.
Mary C. Lamia, The White Knight Syndrome: Rescuing Yourself from Your Need to Rescue Others|Accept that what you see is what you'll get. Once your relationship becomes firmly established, your partner's personality and the way in which [he or] she treats you will most likely be what your future together will look like. Staying with a partner whom you hope will change usually results in disappointment.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|And when I raised myself to look at the man who’d spoken, I had a feeling of leaving my misery behind me there on the stone wall.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy, Malone Dies, The Unnamable|Yes, there is no good pretending, it is hard to leave everything.
John Gilbert Winant|We must always remember that it is the things of the spirit that in the end prevail. That caring counts. That where there is no vision, people perish. That hope and faith count, and that without charity there can be nothing good. That by daring to live dangerously, we are learning to live generously. And that by believing in the inherent goodness of man, we may ... 'stride forward into the unknown with growing confidence.
Kate Forsyth, The Beast's Garden|If we want a better world, we must never cease to think about what kind of world we want... and we must not be afraid to do whatever it takes to make the world the way it should be. It is not enough just to talk. We must act!
Charles R. Swindoll|The devil, darkness, and death may swagger and boast, the pangs of life will sting for a while longer, but don't worry; the forces of evil are breathing their last. Not to worry...He's risen!
Steven L. Peck, A Short Stay in Hell|The days passed in a dream. I pictured our reunion again and again, played it out in my mind over and over until I’d almost worn a groove in my thoughts, so deep that it seemed the only thing I could think of was our reunion. Anticipation is a gift. Perhaps there is none greater. Anticipation is born of hope. Indeed it is hope’s finest expression. In hope’s loss, however, is the greatest despair.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor the Overlander|Even if times got bad, he would never again deny himself the possibility that the future might be happy even if the present was painful. He would allow himself dreams.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|It is stupid to hope, but sometimes hope is all you have.
Thomas Malory, Le Morte d'Arthur|Yet some men say in many parts of England that King Arthur is not dead, but had by the will of our Lord Jesu into another place; and men say that he shall come again, and he shall win the holy cross.
L.M. Fields|It doesn't matter where you've been, only where you are going.
Dean Koontz, Velocity|What will happen will happen. There is time for miracles until there is no more time, but time has no end.
Charlotte Brontë|His will be done, as done it surely will be, whether we humble ourselves to resignation or not. The impulse of creation forwards it; the strength of powers, seen and unseen, has its fulfillment in charge. Proof of a life to come must be given. In fire and in blood, if needful, must that proof be written. In fire and in blood do we trace the record throughout nature. In fire and in blood does it cross our own experience. Sufferer, faint not through terror of this burning evidence. Tired wayfarer, gird up thy loins, look upward, march onward. Pilgrims and brother mourners, join in friendly company. Dark through the wilderness of this world stretches the way for most of us: equal and steady be our tread; be our cross our banner. For staff we have His promis, whose 'word is tried, whose way perfect": for present hope His providence, 'who gives the shield of salvation, whose gentleness makes great'; for final home His bosom, who 'dwells in the height of Heaven'; for crowning prize a glory exceeding and eternal. Let us so run that we may obtain: let us endure hardness as good soldiers; let us finish our course, and keep the faith, reliant in the issue to come off more than conquerors: 'Art though not from everlasting mine Holy One? WE SHALL NOT DIE!
J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret|It would still be a long way until she was completely free, but the door had been cracked open and a smidgen of hope broke through the darkness.
Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!|To get where you want to be, you must first know where you are.
Clive Barker, Weaveworld|As long as they could still be moved by a minor chord, or brought to a crisis of tears by scenes of lovers reunited; as long as there was room in their cautious hearts for games of chance, and laughter in the face of God, that must surely be enough to save them, at the last. If not, there was no hope for any living thing.
Sumangali Morhall, Auspicious Good Fortune: One woman's inspirational journey from Western disillusionment to Eastern spiritual fulfilment|There have been bleak nights along my way, many of my own making, but life is all the brighter for them now. To the human eye, without the darkness there are no stars.
Jim Yackel, The Wayfarers | Walking Dreams|No matter how hard it is, or how hard it gets, don't ever, ever, ever lose hope!
Alexander Gordon Smith|Hope-that unshakable golden belief that things can get better- is why I'm here talking to you now. Without it, we are nothing.
Randall Wallace, Pearl Harbor|Rafe made people find something in themselves...(he) made me dream, he saw what I could hope to be, and helped me hope it. He did that to everyone he knew - especially the ones he knew the best." - Danny
Holly Hood, Heart of Gypsies|Life is not kind. Who are you trying to kid, Kendall?” He sighed.
Arthur Wing Pinero|While there is tea, there is hope.")
Henri Bergson, Time and Free Will|The idea of the future, pregnant with an infinity of possibilities, is thus more fruitful than the future itself, and this is why we find more charm in hope than in possession, in dreams than in reality.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|Nevertheless, in this sea of human wretchedness and malice there bloomed at times compassion, as a pale flower blooms in a putrid marsh.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|I think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, too, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare to the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?
Benjamin Wood, The Bellwether Revivals|My theory is that hope is a form of madness. A benevolent one, sure, but madness all the same. Like an irrational superstition--broken mirrors and so forth--hope's not based on any kind of logic, it's just unfettered optimism, grounded in nothing but faith in things beyond our control.
Rachel Simon, The Story of Beautiful Girl|There are two kinds of hope: the kind you couldn't do anything about and the kind you could. And even if the kind you could do something about wasn't what you'd originally wanted, it was still worth doing. A rainy day is better than no day. A small happiness can make a big sadness less sad.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|The willingness to undertake such action cannot be based on certainties, but on those possibilities glimpsed in a reading of history different from the customary painful recounting of human cruelties. In such a reading we can find not only war but resistance to war, not only injustice but rebellion against injustice, not only selfishness but self-sacrifice, not only silence in the fact of tyranny but defiance, not only callousness but compassion.Human beings show a broad spectrum of qualities, but it is the worst of these that are usually emphasized, and the result, too often, is to dishearten us, diminish our spirit. And yet, historically, that spirit refuses to surrender.
Vannetta Chapman, A Perfect Square|She knew then that white was more than a color: It was a cold, pale shade of understanding that seems to take all of your hope away.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|One factor that makes human being reluctant to have hope is the fear of disappointment.Do not be afraid of disappointment! The more you afraid of it, the smaller your expectation.Face and overcome the disappointment, even though it felt bitter in soul and pain in body.If you go through and pass it, then your soul and body will be stronger than previous level.When hope emerged, change will occur because of that, both in your soul and in your body.Fear of disapointment is a main enemy of good hope and great change within the human being.Only by facing and overcoming the fear of disapointment, man will become stronger and wiser. ~Salah satu faktor yang membuat manusia enggan untuk berharap adalah rasa takut akan kecewa.Jangan takut dengan kekecewaan! Semakin engkau takut menghadapinya, semakin kecil pengharapanmu.Hadapi dan lawanlah rasa kecewa, meskipun terasa pahit di jiwa dan terasa sakit di tubuh.Jika engkau mampu dan lulus, maka jiwa dan tubuhmu akan lebih kuat dari kondisi sebelumnya.Ketika harapan muncul, perubahan akan terjadi, baik dalam jiwa maupun dalam tubuh manusia.Rasa takut akan kecewa adalah musuh utama pengharapan yang baik dan perubahan yang agung dalam diri manusia.Hanya dengan menghadapi dan melalui rasa takut akan kecewa, seseorang dapat menjadi lebih kuat dan bijaksana.
Scot McKnight, One.Life: Jesus Calls, We Follow|We need to shed our unearthly and nonsocial and idealistic and romantic and uber-spiritual visions of kingdom and get back to what Jesus meant. By kingdom, Jesus means: God's Dream Society on earth, spreading out from the land of Israel to encompass the whole world.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|The strong lines of the woman's face bespoke hard-won wisdom and courage, and somehow that made watching her more difficult. If such a woman could be defeated by Elantris, what hope was there for Raoden?
Kara Martinelli, My Very Dearest Anna|Darling it may be a long time before we see one another again. But I want you to know. Every time I’ve said I love you- I meant it. There’s no two ways about it. The crew was talking about what’s ahead of us, but we all agreed on one thing. We’re coming back.
Michel O'Brien|Bad art has the power to deform a people just as good art generates new reflection, growth, vision, and hope.
David Nicholls, One Day|What if it rained or you felt a bit glandy? It just wasn't practical. Better by far to simply try and be good and courageous and bold and to make a difference. Not change the world exactly, but the bit around you.
Kaye Gibbons, The Life All Around Me By Ellen Foster|In closing, I hope everything helps show that I wouldn’t be a fade-out or a person who turns to think to drink or dope when things get tough. I believe that anything is possible if you have the combination of love for what you’re doing and the will to sit down and not get up until it’s done….
Phyllis Wheaton|You can curse the moonCurse the day your’re bornBut the pilot of your plane is youWe’re all in this world, by a greater plan Look up, lift your wings, Because you canThe Light Said (The First Song album)
Michael Sims, Apollo's Fire: A Day on Earth in Nature and Imagination|If there is nothing new under the sun, at least the sun itself is always new, always re-creating itself out of its own inexhaustible fire.
G.I. Gurdjieff|Man must use what he has, not hope for what is not.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|I wonder if it's like this for mountain climbers, he thought. You climb bigger and bigger mountains and you know that one day one of them is going to be just that bit too steep. But you go on doing it, because it’s so-o good when you breathe the air up there. And you know you'll die falling.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|...[M]y inner self moved; my spirit shook its always-fettered wings half loose. I had a sudden feeling as if I, who never yet truly lived, were at last about to taste life.
Joseph Addison, The Spectator|If you wish success in life, make perseverance you bosom friend, experience your wise councellor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.
Anne Steele|Dear refuge of my weary soul,On thee, when sorrows rise,On thee, when waves of trouble roll,My fainting hope relies.
John Eldredge, The Journey of Desire: Searching for the Life We Always Dreamed of|Should the king in exile pretend he is happy there?Should he not seek his own country?His miseries are his ally; they urge him on. Let them grow, if need be. But do not forsake the secret of life; do not despise those kingly desires. We abandon the most important journey of our lives when we abandon desire. We leave our hearts by the side of the road and head off in the direction of fitting in, getting by, being productive, what have you. Whatever we might gain – money, position, the approval of others, or just absence of the discontent self – it’s not worth it.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I|It's a very cheery thing to come into London by any of these lines which run high and allow you to look down upon the houses like this."I thought he was joking, for the view was sordid enough, but he soon explained himself."Look at those big, isolated clumps of buildings rising up above the slates, like brick islands in a lead-coloured sea.""The board-schools.""Light-houses, my boy! Beacons of the future! Capsules with hundreds of bright little seeds in each, out of which will spring the wiser, better England of the future.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|Then hope unlooked-for came so suddenly to Eomer's heart, and with it the bite of care and fear renewed, that he said no more, but turned and went swiftly from the hall.
Joanna Russ, On Strike Against God|(Ezekial saw the wheel(Way up in the middle of the air --(O Ezekial saw the wheel(Way in the middle of the air!(Now the big wheel runs by faith(And the little wheel runs by the grace of God --(The above made up by professional hope experts, you might say, because willful, voluntary, intentional hope was the only kind they had in anything like long supply. Faith is not, contrary to the usual ideas, something that turns out to be right or wrong, like a gambler's bet; it's an act, an intention, a project, something that makes you, in leaping into the future, go so far, far, far ahead that you shoot clean out of Time and right into Eternity, which is not the end of time or a whole lot of time or unending time, but timelessness, that old Eternal Now. So that you end up living not in the future ((in your intentional "act of faith")) but in the present. After all. hope.)
Laurell K. Hamilton|when you live forever and don't age, it gives you time to hope
William Ian Beardmore Beveridge, The Art of Scientific Investigation|The Imagination merely enables us to wander into the darkness of the unknown where, by the dim light of the knowledge we carry, we may glimpse something that seems of interest. But when we bring it out and examine it more closely it usually proves to be only trash whose glitter had caught our attention. Imagination is at once the source of all hope and inspiration but also of frustration. To forget this is to court despair.
Adam Levin, The Instructions|Don't you feel as though you could love everything starting tomorrow, and everything could love you, if only you took an action to set into motion the coming of our new tomorrow and its tomorrow and that one's tomorrow? Shotgun loaded hand on the pump and no matter who you damage you're still a false prophet, but we drink chocolate milk and then we get muscles and smash down the droves with fists like hammers and then we pump the fists in the air for victory. I be the prophet of the doom that is you. You are the mess in messiah.
Olive Ann Burns|We can ast for comfort and hope and patience and courage . . . and we’ll git what we ast for. They ain’t no gar’ntee thet we ain’t go’n have no troubles and ain’t go’n die. But shore as frogs croak and cows bellow, God’ll forgive us if’n we ast Him to.
Whittaker Chambers, Witness|Crime, violence, infamy are not tragedy. Tragedy occurs when a human soul awakes and seeks, in suffering and pain, to free itself from crime, violence, infamy, even at the cost of life. The struggle is the tragedy - not defeat or death. That is why the spectacle of tragedy has always filled men, not with despair, but with a sense of hope and exaltation.
Kelly Braffet|You think you're paying your dollar for a chance at the $6.2 million jackpot on Saturday, but really you're paying for the pleasure of the car ride home, deciding which credit card to pay off first and where your kid will suddenly be able to go to college.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|In life there are good and bad situations. But when you are down in the valley looking up at the mountain, sometimes you realize that you can see the stars a little clearer. You realize what's truly important and you know exactly what must be done to keep it just like it is.
Elizabeth Berg, The Year of Pleasures|There I was, waiting, afraid I’d never experience the kind of joy yet to come, but hoping for it just the same.
Anne Steele|But, oh, when gloomy doubts prevail,I fear to call thee mine;The springs of comfort seem to fail,And all my hopes decline.Yet, gracious God, where shall I flee?Thou art my only trust;And still my soul would cleave to thee,Though prostrate in the dust.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|We hope that we will live only because we must be with God, as alive as He is.
Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise|Impending doom, it was a familiar sweater, we all wore it and as scratchy as it felt against our skin, we kept it on.
Erik Pevernagie|People die from lack of shared empathy and affinity. By establishing social connectedness, we give hope a chance and the other can become heaven. ( "Le ciel c'est l'autre" )
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Past and Present I know well; each is a friend and sometimes an enemy to me. But it is the quiet, beckoning Future, an absolute stranger, with whom I have fallen madly in love.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|I had turned away from the picture and was going back to the world where events move, men change, light flickers, life flows in a clear stream, no matter whether over mud or over stones.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|Seen politically, systems follow one another, each consuming the previous one. They live on ever-bequeathed and ever-disappointed hope, which never entirely fades. Its spark is all that survives, as it eats its way along the blasting fuse. For this spark, history is merely an occasion, never a goal.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Embrace every new day with gratitude, hope and love.
Bill Moyes|I think at the heart of so much restlessness of the day is a spiritual vacuum. There is a yearning for meaningful lives, a yearning for values we can commonly embrace. I hear an almost inaudible but pervasive discontent with the price we pay for our current materialism. And I hear a fluttering of hope that there might be more to life than bread and circuses.
William Wordsworth|The thought of our past years in me doth breed Perpetual benediction: not indeed For that which is most worthy to be blest— Delight and liberty, the simple creed Of Childhood, whether busy or at rest, With new-fledged hope still fluttering in his breast.
Stacy Hawkins Adams, Dreams That Won't Let Go|If I were a character in one of my books, I'd be the optimistic one, believing the best and urging others to do the same.
Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea|He can't have gone, he said "Christ know he can't have gone. He's making a turn. Maybe he has been hooked before and her remembers something of it." The he felt the gentle touch on the line and he was happy.
Joyce Moyer Hostetter, Blue|But if you ask me what I remember (about 1945), I will say it was the year Franklin D. Roosevelt died and I got one of his flowers. I will tell you that yellow rose give me the courage to do the right thing even if it was hard. I will say it was the time in my life when I learned all of us is fragile as a mimosa blossom. But the miracle of all is, When push comes to shove, we can be just as tough as Hickory. It mostly hurts at first. After a while it starts to feel better.
Jerome Groopman|I had learned that every patient has the right to hope, despite long odds, and it was my role to help nurture that hope.
Susan R. Sloan, Guilt by Association|hope had become despair, protestors had become terrorists, love had become sex, music had become noise, and us had become me.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg|Many are less fortunate than you’ may not be a roof to live under, but it will serve to retire beneath in the event of a shower.
Simon Soloveychik|Imagine a man who doesn't believe in anything, hope for anything, doesn't love anyone. This is a description of a dead or paralyzed soul. This happens from great grief, or from an unhappy upbringing when parents make from their children's souls paralytics.
Kamand Kojouri|You only feel powerless because your fear has given your power to the object of your fear. Once you realise this, you can claim it back.
Criss Jami|Through Christ, the sting of death is but a gentle pinch to the soul; and the mourn is light. Perhaps, someday, in that glorious place, free of sin, we shall meet again.
Jennifer Elisabeth|I know that your soul is on life support and that you feel lost and like you’re completely spinning out of control, but you’re finding yourself — here, tonight… even in this darkness.
Jennifer DeLucy|Why wait? So precious is this life—this gift—this temporary blindness. Burn and drown and embrace the false dark, then grasp the unthinkable height of resulting joy. For in the end, in the light of truth when the flesh is cast off, there is nothing but this.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|But our wishes are like tinder: the flint and steel of circumstances are continually striking out sparks, which vanish immediately, unless they chance to fall upon the tinder of our wishes; then, they instantly ignite, and the flame of hope is kindled in a moment.
Forrest J. Ackerman|Sometimes I think Earth has got to be the insane asylum of the universe. . . and I'm here by computer error. At sixty-eight, I hope I've gained some wisdom in the past fourteen lustrums and it’s obligatory to speak plain and true about the conclusions I've come to; now that I have been educated to believe by such mentors as Wells, Stapledon, Heinlein, van Vogt, Clarke, Pohl, (S. Fowler) Wright, Orwell, Taine, Temple, Gernsback, Campbell and other seminal influences in scientifiction, I regret the lack of any female writers but only Radclyffe Hall opened my eyes outside sci-fi.I was a secular humanist before I knew the term. I have not believed in God since childhood's end. I believe a belief in any deity is adolescent, shameful and dangerous. How would you feel, surrounded by billions of human beings taking Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, the tooth fairy and the stork seriously, and capable of shaming, maiming or murdering in their name? I am embarrassed to live in a world retaining any faith in church, prayer or a celestial creator. I do not believe in Heaven, Hell or a Hereafter; in angels, demons, ghosts, goblins, the Devil, vampires, ghouls, zombies, witches, warlocks, UFOs or other delusions; and in very few mundane individuals--politicians, lawyers, judges, priests, militarists, censors and just plain people. I respect the individual's right to abortion, suicide and euthanasia. I support birth control. I wish to Good that society were rid of smoking, drinking and drugs.My hope for humanity - and I think sensible science fiction has a beneficial influence in this direction - is that one day everyone born will be whole in body and brain, will live a long life free from physical and emotional pain, will participate in a fulfilling way in their contribution to existence, will enjoy true love and friendship, will pity us 20th century barbarians who lived and died in an atrocious, anachronistic atmosphere of arson, rape, robbery, kidnapping, child abuse, insanity, murder, terrorism, war, smog, pollution, starvation and the other negative “norms” of our current civilization. I have devoted my life to amassing over a quarter million pieces of sf and fantasy as a present to posterity and I hope to be remembered as an altruist who would have been an accepted citizen of Utopia.
Christine M. Knight, Life Song|The music of hope is everywhere, but to hear it, you need to ignore the muddy jangle of life's hassles.
Diana Joseph, I'm Sorry You Feel That Way: The Astonishing But True Story of a Daughter, Sister, Slut, Wife, Mother, and Friend to Man and Dog|...maybe she's a slut because she's lonely, she's sad, she's hoping someone or something will make the lonely and sad go away.It won't, of course. It never does. But nonetheless, there's not a girl who's more hopeful than a slut, more optimistic. She may give in but she doesn't give up. She keeps looking, she keeps hoping, she's always waiting for that someone who will say it: I love you, too.
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|Then every man would be as a god, you see. The result of this, of course, would be that there would no longer be any gods, only men. We would give them knowledge of the sciences and the arts, which we possess, and in so doing we would destroy their simple faith and remove all basis for their hoping that things will be better—for the best way to destroy faith or hope is to let it be realized.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|For those constantly full of joy, they sometimes feel a little guilty for always feeling so good. That guilt is compassion: it flies in with an attempt to share one's joy with others who do not have it.
Orlando Figes, Just Send Me Word: A True Story of Love and Survival in the Gulag|I understood that the most terrible thing in life is complete hopelessness... To cross out all the 'maybes' and give up the fight when you still have strength for it is the most terrible form of suicide. It's almost unbearable to watch it happening in others. Unjustified hope - salvation for the weak in spirit and intellect - irritates me. But the loss of hope is the paralysis, even the death, of the soul. Sveta, let us hope, while we still have strength to hope.
Shailee J-N|I hope your heart feels better. I hope your mind is set right.I hope your love is connected to others, and you don't feel so lost and locked up.I hope everything is okay for you. And by okay, I mean greater than ever.
Jessica Soffer, Tomorrow There Will Be Apricots|And that's what love is, I suppose. The one thing that is most worth hoping for, and the one thing that's most surprising when it lands. Because it's better. It exceeds hope, makes hope nearsighted.
Calvin W. Allison, Shadows Over February|Morning dew upon the grass,glistening in the sun.Yesterday’s gone,tomorrow may come,but this day has begun.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Putting your time in at the office; dutifully spawning your two point five; smiling politely at your retirement party; then chewing on your bedsheet and choking on your canned peaches at the nursing home. It was better never to have been born-never to have wanted anything, never to have hoped for anything.
Harper Lee|You deny them hope... You are telling them that Jesus loves them, but not much.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In the middle of the night, there is always less hope; in the dawn of the morning, there is always more hope!
Pablo Neruda, The Book of Questions|Donde termina el arco iris,en tu alma o en el horizonte?Where does the rainbow end,in your soul or on the horizon?
Rihanna|I threw my hands in the air and said show me something.He said, "if you dare come a little closer".
William Morris|I pondered all these things, and how men fight and lose the battle, and the thing that they fought for comes about in spite of their defeat, and when it comes turns out not to be what they meant, and other men have to fight for what they meant under another name.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We must seek together to address the good aspirations of people everywhere, for we are bound together through great commonality.
Agatha Christie|We are ready to despair too soon, we are ready to say, ‘What’s the good of doing anything?’ Hope is the virtue we should cultivate most in this present day and age.
Patti Snodgrass|Hope is possible, when you decide to believe that what you are hoping for is possible.
Sage Steadman, Upon Destiny's Song|She felt the depth of her losses before they were realized, and she wondered, Is there still hope? Did she even dare hold on to such a tenuous thing as hope?
John M. Simmons, The Marvelous Journey Home|Hope is something that can never be taken from you unless you allow someone to take it. If you never lose hope, you will never truly be poor.
John Keats|Yes, in spite of all, Some shape of beauty moves away the pall From our dark spirits.
M. Howson|Take a chance..., change a 'NO' to a 'YES'today.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Have you lost your hope? Have you remained inside the fog? Don’t worry; even if you can’t find it, a new hope will come and find you!
Anthony Liccione|Hope is like a word made with cloud, without faith, it quickly blows away.
Abu Bakr al-Siddiq|O Allah, You know me better than I know myself, and I know myself better than these people who praise me. Make me better than what they think of me, and forgive those sins of mine of which they have no knowledge, and do not hold me responsible for what they say.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Lord, help us root our feet to the earthAnd our eyes to the roadAnd always remember the fallen angelsWho, attempting to soar,Were seared instead by the sun and, wings melting,Came crashing back to the sea.Lord, help root my eyes to the earthAnd stay my eyes to the roadSo I may never stumble.)
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|Your dreamers. You ridiculous children. You dancing grinning fuckups. Here is your bright future. Your earnest, saccharine hope. How does it taste dripping from the neck of everyone you love?
Matthew Quick, Boy21|I can always look up at the cosmos and marvel, no matter what happens. And when I look up at it, I feel as though my problems are small. I don't know why, but it always makes me feel better.
John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life|Why don't people ask us about our hope? The answer is probably that we look as if we hope in the same things they do. Our lives don't look like they are on the Calvary road, stripped down for sacrificial love, serving others with the sweet assurance that we don't need to be rewarded in this life.
Mary Beth Miller, Aimee|I could smack her, punch her in the face, but then I see what she can't hide from me. I've seen it before-the desperation, the agony, the need to find a reason to go on, and the inability to find it.
Adam Young Owl City  Cave In|If the bombs go off the sun will still be shining, because I've heard it said thatevery mushroom cloud has a silver lining.
Julie Ann Knudsen, In the Middle of Nowhere|In the meantime, I’llwish it upon a star.'- Michael Cooper
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|As we walk back, it feels like the city is engulfing us. Adrenalin still pours through our veins. Sparks flow through to our fingers. We've still been running in the mornings, but the city's different then. It's filled with hope and with bristles of winter sunshine. In the evening, it's like it dies, waiting to be born again the next morning.
Neal Shusterman, Everfound|When I touched that boy, I felt something. Something awful. Something I can’t describe.”“We all felt it,” Nick said.“You may have felt it, but I caused it.” Then both his eyes seemed to go far away. “Something changed out there. I don’t know what it was, but something in the world changed because that kid didn’t deserve what I did to him—and the powers that be know that I did it.” Nick watched as a tear fell from his Everlost eye and disappeared through the living world table.“What if,” said Nick, not even sure what he was going to say yet, “what if you were that kid and you were told you could change the world, but you would have to sacrifice yourself to do it?”Clarence chuckled at the thought. “I believe that question was already asked a long time ago, and that creepy kid did not look anything like Jesus to me.”“But you do think that something changed. . . .”“I don’t know whether it’s good or bad.”“What if it’s neither?” suggested Nick. “What if we get to make it one or the other?
Stephanie Nielson, Heaven Is Here: An Incredible Story of Hope, Triumph, and Everyday Joy|Their words of encouragement were just what I needed. I was doing a great job, and I appreciated their cheers.I felt a dormlike camaraderie in the burn unit, since each of us knew the challenges we were facing like no one else could, and therefore how meaningful each triumph was.
Matt Vella|Never take today for granted, tomorrow might never come.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Consult.../what reinforcement we may gain from hope,/If not, what resolution from despair.
Agnes Kamara-umunna, And Still Peace Did Not Come: A Memoir of Reconciliation|Over time, I have come to believe that there is a killer and a saint in all of us. But...I choose to focus on the future and the *potential* in people.
Stephanie Nielson|I finished the [blog] post reflecting on the fact that, despite all the changes in my life, maybe I wasn't so different after all. If I typed it, maybe I could believe it, too.
Maria Àngels Anglada, The Violin of Auschwitz|It isn’t true, is it, Daniel, that music can tame the beasts? Yet, in the end, a song lives.
V.S. Carnes|The horizon was indistinguishable from the inky black, which fell upon the desert like a sorcerer’s mantle shot through with diamonds. The stars were so tiny, so far away, and yet, at the moment, with her fingers curled around his, he almost felt as though he could reach up and snag one by the tail.
Alegna G. Granados|Hope comes not from the people around you, but from yourself.
Adelaide Anne Procter|No star is ever lost we once have seen,We always may be what we might have beenSince Good, though only thought,Has life and breath -God's life - can always be redeemed from death.And evil in its nature is decay,And any hour may blot it all away.The hope that lost in some far distance seems,May be the truer life, and this the dream.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|...we must be a beacon of hope, because if you tell people there's nothing they can do, they will do worse than nothing.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory.
N.K. Jemisin|In the future, as in the present, as in the past, black people will build many new worlds.This is true. I will make it so. And you will help me.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Frodo raised his head, and then stood up. Despair had not left him, but the weakness had passed. He even smiled grimly, feeling now as clearly as a moment before he had felt the opposite, that what he had to do, he had to do, if he could, and that whether Faramir or Aragorn or Elrond or Galadriel or Gandalf or anyone else knew about it was beside the purpose. He took his staff in one hand and the phial in his other. When he saw that the clear light was already welling through his fingers, he thrust it into his bosom and held it against his heart. Then turning from the city of Morgul, now no more than a grey glimmer across a dark gulf, he prepared to take the upward road.
Charles de Lint|I'm a writer and this is what I do no matter what name we put to it. Year by year, the world is turning into a darker and stranger place than any of us could want. This is the only thing I do that has potential to shine a little further than my immediate surroundings. For me, each story is a little candle held up to the dark of night, trying to illuminate the hope for a better world where we all respect and care for each other.
Pablo Neruda, Toward the Splendid City: Nobel Lecture|Sólo con una ardiente paciencia conquistaremos la espléndida ciudad que dará luz, justicia y dignidad a todos los hombres. Así la poesía no habrá cantado en vano.
Steve Chandler, Reinventing Yourself: How to Become the Person You've Always Wanted to Be|Some people us language to describe the lives they lead, and other people use language to create the lives they lead.
Francesca Lia Block, The Rose and the Beast: Fairy Tales Retold|They knew, though, she would not suffer as they had suffered. She was perfect. They were scarred.
Dean Koontz, Intensity|Hope wasn't a cottage industry; it was neither a product that she could manufacture like needlepoint samplers nor a substance she could secrete, in her cautious solitude, like a maple tree producing the essence of syrup. Hope was to be found in other people, by reaching out, by taking risks, by opening her fortress heart.
Doug Worgul, Thin Blue Smoke|Love is hard. We try to love one another. But generally the quality and quantity of our love for one another is found wanting, because we find it difficult, if not impossible, to look beyond those things that are ugly and unlovable in those we try to love. Even though the things that are ugly and unlovable in ourselves are the very things that cause us to cry out for love.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|There, about a dozen times during the day, the wind drives over the sky the swollen clouds, which water the earth copiously, after which the sun shines brightly, as if freshly bathed, and floods with a golden luster the rocks, the river, the trees, and the entire jungle.
Debi Tibbles, All Aboard! How Ollie Tibbles Became a Train|We live in a time that hungers for HOPE; to believe in MIRACLES and DREAMS, for without these soul gems, humanity is ripped at the seams.
Jim Morris|Everyone has to have hope in their life, or they will eventually become your enemy.
James Alan Gardner, Ascending|Don't be such a party-pooper, missy --when you're well and truly screwed, either you just sit pissing yourself or you invent some reason to hope.
Kent Allan Rees, Molly Withers and the Golden Tree|You know, Molly, if you can hold in your mind what you want long enough, you shall have it.
Lois McMaster Bujold, A Civil Campaign|[Koudelka] looked back, "You?! I know you! You trust beyond reason!"[Cordelia] met his eyes steadily, "Yes, it's how I get results beyond hope, as you may recall.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it.
Connie Brockway, The Bridal Season|She'd stood by that creed. No softness, because the world wasn't soft; lots of laughter, because if you were in on the joke, the joke couldn't be on you; And no wanting what you couldn't take, because the world never gave.Or so she'd thought.
Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World|I shuffle along, letting the current pull me, and i have the sense that I am like a rat caught in a maze of tunnels, moving endlessly toward some promise of...of what? Light? Life? Cheese?
Victor Hugo|From Les Miserables:All at once, in the midst of this profound calm, a fresh sound arose; a sound as celestial, divine, ineffable, ravishing, as the other had been horrible. It was a hymn which issued from the gloom, a dazzling burst of prayer and harmony in the obscure and alarming silence of the night; women's voices, but voices composed at one and the same time of the pure accents of virgins and the innocent accent of children, -- voices which are not of the earth, and which resemble those that the newborn infant still hears, and which the dying man hears already. This song proceeded from the gloomy edifice which towered above the garden. At the moment when the hubbub of demons retreated, one would have said that a choir of angels was approaching through the gloom.Cosette and Jean Valjean fell on their knees.They knew not what it was, they knew not where they were; but both of them, the man and the child, the penitent and the innocent, felt that they must kneel.These voices had this strange characteristic, that they did not prevent the building from seeming to be deserted. It was a supernatural chant in an uninhabited house. While these voices were singing, Jean Valjean thought of nothing. He no longer beheld the night; he beheld a blue sky. It seemed to him that he felt those wings which we all have within us, unfolding.The song died away. It may have lasted a long time. Jean Valjean could not have told. Hours of ecstasy are never more than a moment.
Jocelyn Green, Faith Deployed...Again: More Daily Encouragement for Military Wives|So much of how we think, feel, and live depends on our vision-what we choose to see in any given situation.
Robertson Davies, The Manticore|Now I want you to remember something because I don't think we shall meet again very soon. It is this; however fashionable despair about the world and about people may be at present, and however powerful despair may become in the future, not everybody, or even most people, think and live fashionably; virtue and honour will not be banished from the world, however many popular moralists and panicky journalists say so. Sacrifice will not cease to be because psychiatrists have popularized the idea that there is often some concealed, self-serving element in it; theologians always knew that. Nor do I think love as a high condition of honour will be lost; it is a pattern in the spirit, and people long to make the pattern a reality in their own lives, whatever means they take to do so. In short, Davey, God is not dead. And I can assure you God is not mocked.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|If the single man plants himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abides, this huge world will come around to him.
Melissa Marr, Graveminder|It's okay. You're going to save me, Miss Maylene." The girl gave her a genuine look of happiness. "I know it. I knew if I found you everything would be okay.
Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch|The years stretched before her, a long and dusty way, yet if she could walk humbly along it she might find that life, unfolding slowly, keeps its best secrets till the end.
Wilford W. Andersen|These early Saints were indeed homeless, but they were not hopeless. Their hearts were broken, but their spirits were strong. They had learned a profound and important lesson. They had learned that hope, with its attendant blessings of peace and joy, does not depend upon circumstance. They had discovered that the true source of hope is faith—faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and in His infinite Atonement, the one sure foundation upon which to build our lives.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Plain Kate greased her boots and bandaged her feet, and soon she would walk like a Roamer born. She helped Drina with the water and the wood, and in the long, wet evenings she carved objarka burji.Plain Kate carved fast and learned slowly. She was bewildered most of the time, but Daj called her mira again, and when she asked Drina what it meant, the girl replied, "It means she likes you. It means your family."Family. It could have kept her walking for a hundred miles. And she did walk far.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Taggle, meanwhile, made himself popular, killing rats and bringing a rabbit into camp every evening, preening in the praise - silently, thank god, though at night, he recounted choice bits to Kate: "Rye Baro says I am a princeling; he split the leg bone for me so that I could eat the marrow. They love me. And I'm sure they'll keep you, too."Mira, she thought, and treasured it each time she heard it, They must keep me. Family.
Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World|When I reach the end of one row, I continue straight on away from the barn and the farm and the road. I walk until I come to a pile of hay bales and plop myself down. The sun is bright and the air is sharp. In the distance I hear the lowing of cows. It's so peaceful here."Merry Christmas, " I whisper to myself. "Merry Christmas, Nate.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|I think if Eternity held torment, its form would not be fiery rack, nor its nature, despair. I think that on a certain day amongst those days which never dawned, and will not set, an angel entered Hades — stood, shone, smiled, delivered a prophecy of conditional pardon, kindled a doubtful hope of bliss to come, not now, but at a day and hour unlooked for, revealed in his own glory and grandeur the height and compass of his promise: spoke thus — then towering, became a star, and vanished into his own Heaven. His legacy was suspense — a worse boon than despair.
Diane Hammond, Hannah's Dream|I'll be singing hymns to the rafters, be praising His goodness so loud they're going to have to turn down the volume in Heaven.
Patricia Christian Punches, Even When Life Doesn't Play Nice: One Child's Journey from Unfavorable Beginnings a Memoir|They that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.
Jason Shinder|Just when it seemed my mother couldn’t bearone more needle, one more insane orange pill,my sister, in silence, stood at the endof the bed and slowly rubbed her feet,which were scratchy with hard, yellow skin,and dirt cramped beneath the broken nails,which changed nothing in time exceptthe way my mother was lost in it for a whileas if with a kind of relief that doesn’t relieve.And then, with her eyes closed, my mother saidthe one or two words the living have for gratefulness,which is a kind of forgetting, with a senseof what it means to be alive long enoughto love someone. Thank you, she said. As for me,I didn’t care how her voice suddenly seemed lowand kind, or what failures and triumphsof the body and spirit brought her to that point—just that it sounded like hope, stupid hope.
Vladislav Krapivin, Застава на Якорном поле. Крик петуха.|В тяжкие времена безотчётного страха и неясности судьбы я нашёл простое и доступное всякому лекарство от душевной смуты: в Доме Капитанов я неспешно разглядывал судовые модели. Созерцание крошечных каравелл и фрегатов, где сочеталась неторопливая мудрость, кропотливость мастеров с воспоминаниями о плаваниях вокруг неоткрытого мира, успокаивает человека, возвращая ему равновесие духа, ясное сознание и надежду...(Капитан-командор Космофлота Элиот Красс д'Эспиноза)
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|There it must be, I think, in the vast and eternal laws of matter, andnot in the daily cares and sins and troubles of men, that whatever ismore than animal within us must find its solace and its hope. I hope, or Icould not live.
Edward Gibbon, Memoirs of My Life|... but I must reluctantly observe that two causes, the abbreviation of time, and the failure of hope, will always tinge with a browner shade the evening of life.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Hope is the last thing that dies.Maybe because hope is one of those dratted things that is truly, honestly, genuinely immortal.
Jude Morgan, Indiscretion|Dullness it is that perverts and corrups the spirit but it is always possible to look past the dullness, and see the bright, shining heart of things
Rachel Nicole Wagner|~Tonight's Sea~Meet me by the sea, Under the stars. Where we can gaze With our hearts. Today, I am restless, Waiting for tonight's meet. I cannot believe how endlessThese hours can be. I hope the constellationsAre aligned. For tonight we'll seeWhere our connection wanders. I'll hold on to this dream. My grip isn't fading. My memory isn't gone. Tonight we will be wadingIn the sea waters of love. -Rachel Nicole Wagner Original
Kate Seredy, The Chestry Oak|All we know, Midnight. The best of all we know. For Chestry Valley and its master we loved. For Nana. For Sugarloaf and Brimstone Farm. For Pop and Mom and Tom. For the foals to come. For yesterday and for all tomorrows, we dance the best we know. For good-by.
Crockett Johnson, Harold and the Purple Crayon|But, luckily, he kept his wits and his purple crayon.
Toni Morrison|There is no time for despair, no place for self-pity, no need for silence, no room for fear. We speak, we write, we do language. That is how civilizations heal. I know the world is bruised and bleeding, and though it is important not to ignore its pain, it is also critical to refuse to succumb to its malevolence. Like failure, chaos contains information that can lead to knowledge—even wisdom. Like art.—Toni Morrison, “No Place for Self-Pity, No Room for Fear,” The Nation, 23 Mar. 2015
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Do you prefer Mitch? Or is Mitchell better?'.. .. Mitch, I say. Mitch is what my friends called me. 'Well, Mitch it is then,' Morrie says, as if closing a deal. 'And, Mitch?' Yes? 'I hope one day you will think of me as your friend.
Frederick Douglass|The thought of only being a creature of the present and the past was troubling. I longed for a future too, with hope in it. The desire to be free, awakened my determination to act, to think , and to speak.
Ryan Graudin, Invictus|Hope could not outlast the breather. Love, however . . . Love was something not even death could conquer, because at the end of everything, even life, he was hers.
Marlen Haushofer, Die Wand: Roman|Но все же во мне живет безумная надежда. Снисходительно посмеиваюсь сама над собой. Ребенком я так же упрямо надеялась, что никогда не умру. Надежда представляется мне слепым кротом, он живет во мне и лелеет безумные планы. Не в силах прогнать его, я вынуждена с ним примириться.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, you will be saved.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I have faced many moments of despair, thank God who relieved me from distress.
George Orwell, 1984|But if there was hope, it lay in the proles. You had to cling on to that. When you put it in words it sounded reasonable: it was when you looked at the human beings passing you on the pavement that it became an act of faith.
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|I sometimes wondered why I even answered the phone, but I guess I always had the hope that it would be someone else, some other way of life calling for me.
Kate Breslin, High As the Heavens|Hope-it was a fire that lit the soul, a belief in both the impossible and in everything imaginable, the budding anticipation of joy, waiting with each breath.
Cody Edward Lee Miller|I curse the heavens for letting the stars fall, I curse myself for not being there to catch them.
E. M. Crane|I guess I think differently than most folks. I think the reason the world is a mystical, enchanting place, is because of the cycle of life. My body will decompose, but maybe some little element of it will be transformed into a particle of dirt, over years and years,and then a glorious flower will be nurtured by this particle of dirt. Then this flower will nourish a random bumblebee, who in turn will be eaten by a raven. So, in some future life, I'll be able to fly. I look forward to that. I've always admired the freedom of birds.
Avina Celeste|When you feel unsatisfied in your life, you must immediately take action to change your perspective, thoughts, and activity. If you stay longer than necessary in your unhappy state you will find yourself sinking deeper and deeper into misery. Fortunately, no matter how deep you fall into dissatisfaction you will always be able to change your life for the better through positive action.
Charlotte Eriksson|So I was a stone in the sea. Gravity gave up on keeping me above the surface. I did not try to swim and so I sank to the bottom with no will to turn back. ”I’m tired,” I told him. ”I’m done”.But he wouldn’t let me and he held me up even on his hardest days and he was a lighthouse when all I saw was darkness.
Jennifer Linsky, Flowers of Luna|I like who I am when I'm with her. And I hope that she feels the same way. If she doesn't, we shouldn't be together, no matter how I feel about it.
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|But the Count hadn’t the temperament for revenge; he hadn’t the imagination for epics; and he certainly hadn’t the fanciful ego to dram of empires restored. No. His model for mastering his circumstances would be a different sort of captive altogether: an Anglican washed ashore. Like Robinson Crusoe stranded on the Isle of Despair, the count would maintain his resolve by committing to the business of practicalities. Having dispensed with dreams of quick discovery, the world’s Crusoes seek shelter and a source of fresh water; they teach themselves to make fire from flint; they study their island’s topography, it’s climate, its flora and fauna, all the while keeping their eyes trained for sails on the horizon and footprints in the sand.
Barbara Kingsolver|Hope is a renewable option: If you run out of it at the end of the day, you get to start over in the morning.
Elizabeth Haydon, The Assassin King|Sometimes, however, there is more than hope.Sometimes there is reason.
Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness|Something about Tilo’s new home reminded Musa of the story of Mumtaz Afzal Malik, the young taxi driver whom Amrik Singh had killed, whose body had been recovered from a field and delivered to his family with earth in his clenched fists and mustard ﬂowers growing through his fingers. That story had always stayed with Musa – perhaps because of the way hope and grief were woven together in it, so tightly, so inextricably.
Evy Michaels|When the days become darkThe nights become coldAnd all there is, is an empty soulBelieve you can escape your plightEven when relief is out of sightDon't you dare give up the fightDon't you dare
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Empire of Guanduania|Never declare Fate your enemy; she does not take lightly declarations of war. Declare your friendship to her instead, and smile in hope of better days.
Robert Ian Wilson, Egbert's World|You must believe in yourself, otherwise we are all lost to darkness
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|The glass is half full, the glass is half empty or nothing is in the glass, these are the metaphorical situations created by our mind to give ourselves hope, which is to expect something better in the future or to hold on to what we have in hand. Success is always about playing these situations to perfection. The level of our play will be proportionate to the level of hope, which again is a laborious form of a wish. A wish is belief in miracles but a hope is working to get due returns against the invested efforts.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In every circumstance, keep calm.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you do not stand firm in your faith, you will not stand at all.
Megan Devine, It's Ok That You're Not Ok: Meeting Grief and Loss in a Culture That Doesn't Understand|Some things cannot be fixed; they can only be carried. Grief like yours, love like yours, can only be carried.Survival in grief, even eventually building a new life alongside grief, comes with the willingness to bear witness, both to yourself and to the others who find themselves inside this life they didn’t see coming. Together, we create real hope for ourselves,and for one another. We need each other to survive.I wish this for you: to find the people you belong with, the ones who will see your pain, companion you, hold you close,even as the heavy lifting of grief is yours alone. As hard as they may seem to find at times, your community is out there. Lookfor them. Collect them. Knit them into a vast flotilla of light that can hold you.
Megan Devine, It's Ok That You're Not Ok: Meeting Grief and Loss in a Culture That Doesn't Understand|What we all share in common - the real reason for this book - is a desire to love better. To love ourselves in the midst of great pain, and to love another when the pain of this life grows too large for one person to hold. This book offers the skills needed to make that kind of love a reality.
Megan Devine, It's Ok That You're Not Ok: Meeting Grief and Loss in a Culture That Doesn't Understand|The reality of grief is far different from what others see from the outside. There is pain in this world that you can't be cheered out of. You don't need solutions. You don't need to move on from your grief. You need someone to see your grief, to acknowledge it. You need someone to hold your hands while you stand there in blinking horror, staring at the hole that was your life. Some things cannot be fixed. They can only be carried.
Megan Devine, It's Ok That You're Not Ok: Meeting Grief and Loss in a Culture That Doesn't Understand|True comfort in grief is in acknowledging the pain, not in trying to make it go away. Companionship, not correction, is the way forward.
Jonathan Franklin, 438 Days: An Extraordinary True Story of Survival at Sea|Everything will work out... don't give up hope, remain calm.
Megan Devine, It's Ok That You're Not Ok: Meeting Grief and Loss in a Culture That Doesn't Understand|When you try to take someone's pain away from them, you don't make it better. You just tell them it's not OK to talk about their pain.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Major Works|But I do not doubt that it is beneficial sometimes to contemplate in the mind, as in a picture, the image of a grander and better world; for if the mind grows used to the trivia of daily life, it may dwindle too much and decline altogether into worthless thoughts.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is hope for the sinner! Salvation is there for the unbelief! The saved don’t need salvation; they only need to be strengthened for the rescue work! Absolute repentance, a true faith and hope in Jesus Christ are the most important things the sinner and the unbelief need for a true salvation in Christ!
Barbara Avon, My Love is Deep|My whole marriage to her, I finally realized, was a placeholder, leading me to this very day.
Barbara Avon, Briana's Bistro|When we squander the moments of our lives, Peter, we are spending the most valuable currency.
Antonio Machado, Campos de Castilla|Hope says: one dayyou will see her, if you will only wait.Despair says:all you have left of her is your bitterness.Beat, heart…The earthhas not swallowed everything.
Aditi Khorana, The Library of Fates|Maybe those stories did more harm than good by giving us false hope. All they did was reinforce our faith that the world was once made up almost entirely of magic or miracles. But where was that magic now, when we needed it?
Finbarr O'Reilly, Shooting Ghosts: A U.S. Marine, a Combat Photographer, and Their Journey Back from War|My sense of self hinges upon the belief that what I do matters. That belief has compelled me to venture far from home life, and to immerse myself in the lives of strangers in the hope that my work will have an impact and connect people in some intangible way, that I can contribute some greater good.
Daniel James Brown, The Indifferent Stars Above: The Harrowing Saga of a Donner Party Bride|...heroes are sometimes the most ordinary -seeming people. It reminds us that as ordinary as we might be, we can, if we choose, take the harder road, walk forth bravely under the indifferent stars. We can hazard the ravages of chance. We can choose to endure what seems unendurable, and thereby open up the possibility of prevailing. We can awaken to the world as it is, and seeing it with eyes wide open, we can nevertheless embrace hope rather than despair.
Ross  Turner, Jenson|Over the years I have felt many things leave me.	People do not change, but yet somehow time alters everything.	As the years roll on people are not quite as forgiving, nor quite as kind, hopeful, loving.
Latika Teotia|Life does appear to be unfair at times. We are overwhelmed by our problems and get into sadness mode. Take a hard look at what you are confronted with, try to analyze it and see what life wants you to see. Maybe you need to make changes and you will surely see a way out. Life has thrown a challenge at you; it hasn’t knocked you out, so why should you declare that you’re down and out? While there’s life there’s hope and where there is hope there is always a way out. So don’t give up.
Solitude's Friend|I always ask myself. Who was it that dyed my heart black, and left a spot for it to grow out from it?
Annie Dillard, An American Childhood|Those of us who read carried around with us like martyrs a secret knowledge, a secret joy and a secret hope: There is a life worth living where history is still taking place; there are ideas worth dying for, and circumstances where courage is still prized.
Anthony T. Hincks|When Mother Nature turns on us, I hope that she doesn't show the same compassion that we, humans, show to the environment and all the other life here on Earth.
Michelle  Kuo, Reading with Patrick: A Teacher, a Student, and a Life-Changing Friendship|I hear my mom pray every night about how she misses meI want nothing to happen to my little brother the way it happened to meI tell my mom, Keep your head up and stay strong, because I am getting good care in heavenI worry about nothing because Jesus has my backI cry and Jesus comes and wipes my tears from my faceI try to make it to the NBA in heavenI hope everyone is not worried about meI am Brandon in heaven, having fun.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever doubt, hardens his own heart.
Grace Willows, Lap Dancing|The flowers are for the woman I glimpsed for just a moment the other night before she ran away with tears brimming in her eyes." His eyes drifted over the becoming blush of her cheeks, wondering why it was suddenly there. "That's the woman I see when I look at you. That's the woman I want to get to know tonight. Do you think she might be joining us?
Joshua David Bellin, Freefall|But the truth, I realize now, is that I always hoped. Even if I knew my hope was a lie, I held on to it.
Cristelle Comby, Ruby Heart|I’ve always believed that, as long as we’re left alone to do what we’re good at, and be who we’ve decided to be, things will turn out all right in the end. Now, me being strapped to a chair, unable to see what is going on, and Egan coming to the rescue, carrying a freaking bomb. That is not — by a mile — all right.
Cristelle Comby, Blind Chess|As darkness falls and sleep pulls at me, I wonder, not for the first time, about life and death. Both are real and neither would exist without the other. They balance each other, as do night and day. Hot and cold. Summer and winter.Some people struggle with this concept. At times, they even forget all about it. But if you remember just one thing, let it be this: life always balances itself out. For every bad guy out there, there is someone equally good to make things right again.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Never ever let your hope and faith in God die. Keep hoping until hope dies; remember, however, that hope never dies. God is never an uncaring Father. The most important thing we can ever have from Him whilst we live is the gift of life we have. We must never ever trade it for anything else!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without hope, we lose heart.
Elizabeth A. Lynn, Dragon's Winter|I will take you home, his lord had said. Home. He held to that word, as a man holds to a rope in a raging sea.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we longer rely on God, it means we have rejected the rule of a righteous Ruler.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|Wylan summoned every bit of bravado he'd learned from Nina, the will he'd learned from Matthias, the focus he'd studied in Kaz, the courage he'd learned from Inej, and the wild, reckless hope he'd learned from Jesper, the belief that no matter the odds, somehow they would win.
William Norwich, My Mrs. Brown|Some people grow older and more cynical. Some people become just the opposite. Life hurts without hope, and cynicism, once a luxury, becomes unaffordable.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Hope against hope, is the grace of faith.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You must first feel sorry for your sins, to seek the free gift of grace of salvation.
Lailah Gifty, Akita|A sin confessed, a guilt cleared by grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is a sacred time, when the soul desire to know the spirit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Saviour, sacrifice his life as offering for sin.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every one at some point felt discouraged, it was our faithful companions, who lifted our spirit to find hope again.
R.J.  Lawrence, The Xactilias Project|Hopeful people are more easily controlled, but the volume must be managed. Too much hope leaves a person emboldened and resistant. Too little leaves them disabled and useless. But just the right amount of hope subjugates them. They cradle it like a dying ember, and they'll do anything to keep the wind from extinguishing it. They'll serve.
Emily Littlejohn, Inherit the Bones|What else is a child, but hope? Hope for the future, hope for one's own salvation, hope for a tomorrow that shines as bright and warm as the best yesterday you can remember.
George du Maurie|La vie est vaine,Un peu d’amour,Un peu de haine,Et puis—Bonjour!La vie est brève:Un peu d’espoir,Un peu de rèveEt puis—Bon soir! Ah, brief is Life,Love’s short sweet way,With dreamings rife,And then—Good-day!And Life is vain—Hope’s vague delight,Grief’s transient pain,And then—Good-night.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Not a few millions of parents strongly hope that their own children will step in by instantly becoming their own parents’ foster parents, if and when the parents reach their second childhood.
Anthony  Ryan, Queen of Fire|I was a slave, but never a fool. This empire is vast beyond imagining and we have killed only a fraction of the force they will bring against us. They will kill us, all of us, for we are slaves and we cannot be allowed even the barest hope of freedom. Without us, they have no empire.
Anthony  Ryan, Queen of Fire|If you believe our cause so hopeless, why join us?""Because you offered something I had forgotten could be offered, a choice. And I choose to die free.
Christine de Pizan, The Selected Writings|For this reason, it is well said that misfortune is sometimes good for something, for it teaches at the same time that it hurts.
Vijaya Gowrisankar|Yes, my scars shape meToday, I have learnt to coverit with fabric made of hope, faith, perseverance, and determination. For this, I am grateful to life
Vijaya Gowrisankar|Pushed into darkness, the only way out wasto seek light with thetorch of hope and faithburning in my heart
Lailah Gifty Akita|With grace of God, we can only be glad.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You have travel too far to quit, may the grace of faith, keep you going in the forward motion to reach the ultimate goal.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I count everything loss, to gain anything under the power of grace in Jesus Christ.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A child is conceived in a womb of a woman, miraculously, in sacred moment of conception.
Dennis Canfield, Back to Christmas|Sometimes, crazy is exactly what we need.
Mishi McCoy, The Lovely Knowing|I know you are tired. I know you are hurting. I know that even among the crowds and or with your closest loved ones, you feel terribly alone in the world. I know that in the quietness, a thousand hell hounds are barking and snarling at your heels.They tell you, "Everything is wrong with you. You are a failure. You will never live to see your dreams and visions come to pass. You know you should just throw in the towel. No one would even miss you if you were gone. Exit from this cruel insane assylum you call home. We will even tell you how to end 'it'."But don't you dare entertain those hounds of hell, no, not even for one moment. See, you not only have the elixir of Life inside of your organs and your veins; you are the Elixir of Life of a Celestial domain. For every hell hound nipping at your ears, there are eight hundred angels rushing to you with every holy breath....you take. Every step you make fuels the fire of Love in your behalf.See, nothing is wrong with you. Every thing is right with you. You are cut from iron. You have long exchanged your velveteen fabric and cotton stuffing for blazen guts and a heart of gold. You are the head and not the tail. You are the water in the desert, the ripple in the steam, the sword AND the stone and you, glorious being, are not alone!We are one and we are many. We've known lack, but we are plenty. We are not on the cusp of a break through. We are the cusp and we are the break --- through. We are the old and we are the new. Who knew? You did. You do. And don't you ever forget that.
Lailah Gifty Akita|\with hope, you can survive any shock.
Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon|Illusion"A man wants to be freeflying in the emptiness of the universeHe thinks he means somethingin the endlessness of natureA man wakes upbeing only a dust
Grace Willows|She was a ray of sunshine, a warm summer rain, a bright fire on a cold winter’s day, and now she could be dead because she had tried to save the man she loved.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fill your mind Holy Scripture, that speak life into your life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With faith in God, we can walk through the fires unharmed.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Jesus Christ is three in one: the way, the truth, and the life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The vision is always for the appointed time. Though it tarry, it will not fail. It shall surely come to pass in perfect moment.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Daily mediation is great to build a self confidence, peace of mind, and strong trust in God, the Divine Being.
Shane L. Koyczan, Remembrance Year|Remember how we forgot?Once upon a time, we were youngOur dreams hung like applesWaiting to be picked and peeledAnd hope was something needing to be reeled-inSo we can fill the always empty big fish bin with the one that got awayAnd proudly say that "this time, impossible is not an option"Because success is so akin to effort and opportunity they could be relatedSo we took chancesWe figure skated on thin iceBelieved that each slice of life was served with something sweet on the sideAnd failure was never nearly as important as the fact that we triedThat in the war against frailty and limitationWe supplied the determination it takes to make ideas and goals the parents of PossibilityAnd we believe ourselves to be members of this familyNot just one branch on one treeBut a forest whose roots make up a dynasty
Julianne Donaldson, Blackmoore|Even more than a heart, hope was a necessary traveling companion.
Emily Dickinson|Hope” is the thing with feathers -That perches in the soul -And sings the tune without the words -And never stops - at all -And sweetest - in the Gale - is heard -And sore must be the storm -That could abash the little BirdThat kept so many warm -I’ve heard it in the chillest land -And on the strangest Sea -Yet - never - in Extremity,It asked a crumb - of me.
Jennifer Coletta|Even the worst days have an ending, and the best days have a beginning.
Oscar Wilde, The Ballad Of Reading Gaol|something was dead in each of us,and what was dead was hope.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|Es dificilísimo que hasta los más bondadosos, los que más te quieren, se tomen tus intereses verdaderamente en serio, porque suelen aconsejarte desde una vida más segura y más aislada que la tuya, en la que escapar no es una realidad, sino algo con lo que de vez en cuando sueñan.
Michelle Stevens|My job as a therapist is to help victims of trauma understand that they are not to blame. They are not responsible for the bad things that happened to them as children, nor are they responsible for the personal problems that developed as a result. What they are responsible for is fixing those problems. This can only be done by bravely facing the past, identifying the effects that the past has on the present, and working through all the painful emotional baggage.- Scared Selfless
Tarun Betala|You see, if we have no hope, we have nothing
Leonard Woolf, Downhill All The Way: An Autobiography of the Years 1919 To 1939|Suddenly I heard Virginia’s voice calling to me from the sitting room window: “Hitler is making a speech.” I shouted back, “I shan’t come. I’m planting iris and they will be flowering long after he is dead.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|There is still hope that if the people refuse to give up and keep silent, no matter how long or inconsequential their voices could be at the beginning, it would still be heard and justice be served.
Deirdre Morris, WHICH FERTILITY FORUM? 3 THINGS YOU NEED TO KNOW TO CHOOSE THE BEST FORUM FOR YOUR PREGNANCY SUCCESS|Patriarchy doesn't get yet that 'hope' is a powerful force that drives creativity. Otherwise words like 'false' and 'hope' would never be forced into this unconscious coupling....Hope is not false. And never has been... Rather, hope is part of the often forgotten feminine contribution to the creative process.
Faith Erin Hicks, The Stone Heart|I want things to change in The Nameless City. I want the people in the city to finally have some influence over its future. We've never had that before. If there's something I can do to make this council of nations happen, I want to know about it. Don't tell me not to be worried. Tell me how to help.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Without solitude, we are overwhelmed by all the things we hope to do and all of the things we hope to do and all of the things we are planning and praying to do but we never really have the time to actually get down and get these things done.
Dean Young, Elegy On Toy Piano|When you are 70% sure, act /because the other 30% is reserved for hope /which is doubt turned upside-down.
Jacqueline A. Bussie, Outlaw Christian: Finding Authentic Faith by Breaking the 'Rules'|The name outlaw Christian describes the kind of Christian I am and the kind I’m setting myself free to become: namely, a follower of Jesus who no longer accepts cocky clichés, hackneyed hope, or snappy theodicies—defenses of God’s goodness and power—that explain away evil and suffering with a theo-magical sleight of hand. An outlaw Christian doesn’t condemn questions or discourage doubt. Instead, an outlaw Christian seeks to live an authentic life of faith and integrity, and chooses the defy the unwritten laws governing suffering, grief, and hope that our culture and religious traditions have asked us to ingest. The faith of an outlaw Christian is bold, outspoken, and active in a world of pain.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Guard yourself with a positive attitude, conviction, hope and fulfillment of your heart’s desire.
Rose Tremain, Music & Silence|Hope is a strange commodity. It is an opiate. We swear we have relinquished it and, lo, here comes a day when, all unannounced, our enslavement to it returns.
Sarah Brownlee|I stood in my garden as the rain poured down, eyes closed, and when I opened them I thought to myself how I'd never seen anything more beautiful. Green flashed before my eyes; trees, leaves and grass, glittering with raindrops, the tears of angels weeping with sadness and joy; green, the colour of love, to remind me why I'm here.
Germany Kent|Never give up hope. All things are working for your good. One day, you'll look back on everything you've been through and thank God for it.
Kamand Kojouri|I would rather lie facedown on the ground and use my body as a bridge, than stand proud and tall and use my body as a wall.
Scott Stabile|We all get in a funk sometimes.It doesn't mean you're failing, or ungrateful, or stupid, or lost. It means you're human.The Funk happens. For all of us. We can’t be happy all the time. We don’t need to be.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God knows whatever comes your way, in any given circumstance.
Audre Lorde|When we admit and deal with difference; when we deal with the deep bitterness; when we deal with the horror of even our different nightmares; when we turn them and look at them, it’s like looking at death: hard but possible. If you look at it directly without embracing it, then there is much less that you can ever be made to fear.
Mohamed el airou|shit happens, miracles don't
Andrew Kaufman, All My Friends are Superheroes|The Perfectionist pushed Tom onto her bed. She took off his shirt. She took off his shoes and his socks. She took off his pants. She took off his boxers.With most guys the Perfectionist would stop there. She didn’t. She was still feeling reckless. She took off his skin. She took off his nervous system. She lifted up his rib cage. His heart beat in her hand. And there, underneath it, she found a rusted tin box. She opened it. Inside she found his hopes, his dreams and his fears. She stared at them. She was surprised to find them there and surprised at how beautiful they were. At that exact moment, the Perfectionist fell in love with Tom.
Lailah Gifty Akita|How can we believe in Christ Jesus, without reading the Holy Bible?
Germany Kent|Where God guides, He provides. No matter how things look, God is still in control. Stay in peace and be hopeful. Your blessing is coming soon.
Salomé Steinz|It's making me so sad that you are unreachable. My desire for your touch, and your lips. It's breaking me inside. I'm so scared you are the only one i will ever love. I'm so scared because I know there is no other you.
Jennifer Donnelly, Beauty and the Beast: Lost in a Book|We all make mistakes, the danger lies in letting those mistakes make us. Make us believe we can't put things right. Make us think there's no hope. Make us give up.
Colleen Hoover, Never Never: Part Two|Until then, never lose hope. Never stop loving me. Never forget.  Never Never
Boris Cyrulnik, Les vilains petits canards|La mise en place du processus de résilience externe doit être continue autour de l'enfant blessé. Son accueil après l'agression constitue la première maille nécessaire et pas forcément verbale, pour renouer le lien après la déchirure. La deuxième maille, plus tardive, exige que les familles et les institutions offrent à l'enfant des lieux pour y produire ses représentations du traumatisme. La troisième maille, sociale et culturelle, se met en place quand la société propose à ces enfants la possibilité de se socialiser. Il ne reste plus qu'à tricoter sa résilience pendant tout le reste de sa vie.
Amanda Linsmeier, Beach Glass & Other Broken Things|Every change, those subtle-slow, and those drastically sudden, has brought me into myself.
Brian Awehali|The darkest things of this world nestle inseparable from, and do not eclipse, its equally boundless graces and glories.
Scott Stabile|I look around and see so much fear, people getting more and more comfortable with their hate, more at ease being mean, more united in their separation. And I think, NO. Not me. I will not get lost in this fearful world. I will not play with bullies. I will continue to be brave and kind. I will speak for real unity. And no matter what, I will never stop loving.
Machel Shull|A single prayer can alter your destiny if you have enough faith to believe. If this can be true, pray daily prayers for that someone, too.
J.A. Conner|Some of us live in the future,Connected to hurts from our past,If tomorrow is colored by bitter regret,Then today has been painted blackSome of us live in the presentConnected to gifts from our past,If tomorrow is colored by purposeful thought,the today's masterpiece has been cast.
A.R.|My recurring desire for you has brought me to a point, where, the life I always imagine I shall have with you, seems like a distant memory.
A.D. Orbit|My earnest desire for you has brought me to a point, where the life I've imagined we shall have, seems like a distant memory.
Stalina Goodwin, Dear Beautiful: 31 Days of Affirmations for Women|Somewhere someone else’s break-through is hinging on you simply knowing that you matter. So please, remind yourself of this truth every single day.
R.A.Delmonico|Love doesn't need your permission, that's what hope is for.
Balroop Singh|Poetry flows from our hearts. It is like that mass of snow we call a glacier and when it starts its slow movement, it thaws all the icicles, which keep mounting within us, in the hope of receiving the warmth of words.
Robert Vanleeuwen|Don't trust a man who claims one a liar or a cheat, they will surely define those words of themselves.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe in Christ Jesus, you shall not perish but have everlasting life.
R. M. Drake|Somewhere inside that hurting body, there is something better, something stronger, something real.
Ngina Otiende, The Wedding Night: Embracing Sexual Intimacy as New Bride|Dear newlywed wife, somebody out there is determined to shape your view of intimacy and marriage. You get to choose who will shape your opinion; the Author of marriage or offended humans?
Ngina Otiende, The Wedding Night: Embracing Sexual Intimacy as New Bride|What if, in the bigger scheme of things, God put the yearning and desire for our husbands, not so a man could fulfill all of it, but so we could catch a glimpse of what it means to fully and wholly yearn for God?
Grace Willows|Oh honey, someday a real man is going to make you see stars and you won't even be looking at the sky." Excerpt from Grace Willow's Last Minute Bride
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Swords|I know nothing about war. But let me tell you what I believe. I think running from responsibility breeds self-loathing and despair. I think people can, and do, rise to the occasion, and even a single person can make an incredible difference. What they need are leaders who believe in them, a belief that gives birth to hope. With hope, people can do remarkable things, amazing things.
Emily Dickinson|Impossibility, like wineExhilarates the manWho tastes it; PossibilityIs flavoreless.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|The bird of hope singsPerched on the branches of twilight;Never grieve for anythingFor, the day always follows the night!
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|Finding ways to appreciate advances without embracing complacency is a delicate task. It involves being hopeful and motivated and keeping eyes on the prize ahead. Saying that everything is fine or that it will never get any better are ways of going nowhere or of making it impossible to go anywhere. Either approach implies that there is no road out or that, if there is, you don’t need to or can’t go down it. You can. We have.
Scott Stabile|He lifted himself out of the darkness of his fears, into a bright new world of possibility.
Brennan Manning, The Relentless Tenderness of Jesus|One spiritual writer has observed that human beings are born with two diseases: life, from which we die; and hope, which says the first disease is not terminal. Hope is built into the structure of our personalities, into the depths of our unconscious; it plagues us to the very moment of our death. The critical question is whether hope is self-deception, the ultimate cruelty of a cruel and tricky universe, or whether it is just possibly the imprint of reality.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Requiring neither wood nor urns,Inside me is a fire that burns;Advising me to never accept defeat,The blessed fruit of hope it churns!
Scott Stabile|beneath the pain of your fears, wild and ready, lives your truth, the essence of your singular beauty, hoping, waiting for you to set it free.
Kay Whitley, Out Loud: A collection of spoken word poetry|It is my sincerest hope to leave this world in better shape than which I found it. Everyone says that. However the distinction I feel that is necessary to make is. I hope to leave this world better in spite of my departure, not because of it.
Scott Stabile|He knew his words could not convey the impossible love he felt for her, so he held her stare and hoped (prayed!) she would understand the immensity of it all.
Scott Stabile|She shot out of her seat, tired of waiting, at last ready to create her future.
Jackson Pearce, Fathomless|It's hard to believe sometime, but hope never lets you truly stop believing. - Lo
Sarah Dessen, Once and for All|I don't think anybody ever really knows what's going to happen," he said. "We're all just out here hoping for the best.
Stephen King, Different Seasons|He said it was as if Tommy had produced a key which fit a cage in the back of his mind, a cage like his own cell. Only instead of holding a man, that cage held a tiger, and that tiger's name was Hope. Williams produced the key that unlocked the cage and the tiger was out, willy-nilly, to roam his brain.
Ellen Bass, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|In spite of the horror, in spite of the tragedy, in spite of the weeks of sleepless nights, I'm finally alive. I'm not pretending. I feel real. I'm not playing charades anymore. I wouldn't go back to the way I was for anything. I'm really like a different person. I'm where I am, and I'm making the most of it. I know I'm courageous now. I found out I had it in me to face this. — Barbara
Morgan Rhodes, Frozen Tides|But I want you to know," Cleo continued, "that there is hope. And that I am living proof of that hope. Because, even though I was forced into this marriage against my will, I have come to know Prince Magnus Lukas Damora very well these last months. And one thing I've learned is that Prince Magnus is nothing like his father. Prince Magnus is brave and compassionate, and he truly wants what's just and best for this kingdom. Kindness is what makes a good king who will put the needs and rights of his people before his own desires.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not fear, have faith.
Joe Abercrombie, Half the World|It was a look that gave her a tingle, all right, but not in a good way. In that look she saw her silly bloody hopes as twisted and broken as she’d left that Lowlander’s arm, and it was no one’s fault but her own. She shouldn’t have let herself hope, but hopes are like weeds: however often you root them out they keep on springing up.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With hope, we can endure any hardship.
Elizabeth Hoyt, To Desire a Devil|He had no money or influence here. The clothes on his back were ragged, his moccasins were worn, and he was skeletally thin from lack of food and walking. But he would sail on a ship bound for England even if he had to scrub the decks to pay his way.He was Reynaud St. Aubyn, the Viscount of Hope, and by God or the devil, he was going home.
George Eliot, Silas Marner|It seems as you'll never know the rights of it; but that doesn't hinder there being a rights, Master Marner, for all it's dark to you and me.''No,' said Silas, 'no; that doesn't hinder. Since the time the child was sent to me and I've come to love her as myself, I've had light enough to trusten by; and now she says she'll never leave me, I think I shall trusten until I die.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|Belief isn't simply a thing for fair times and bright days, I think. What is belief- what is faith- if you don't continue in it after failure.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|We are worth fighting for,” we both whispered. Giving one another permission, into each other madness.
Reid A. Ashbaucher, How To Understand And Live Your Faith|The moral of the story is, faith does not always bring you happiness, wealth or a comfortable lifestyle filled with fun things to do. What faith does bring us is hope while living out God's attitudes of: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control, all for the glory of God and the establishment of his kingdom.
Ashlee Willis, A Wish Made of Glass|Yet something else trickles in between the cracks of this despairing thought. The hope of something to fill that emptiness. The hope that, perhaps, I have found it already. And suddenly hope is a thing alive, soaring in me. Its wings beat against my ribs, wild with the promise of joy.
Beverly L. Anderson, Stolen Innocence|Don’t look at me like that, I see those pink cheeks when you talk about him,” she observed. “In my day, if I learned anything, it was to tell the ones you love how much love them. When I was your age, I fell in love with a beautiful woman. You know, fifties and all, I never told her, and she married a man that abused her terribly.” She paused, and Artemis could tell her eyes were dampening. “I went to her funeral two years after she moved away. In her things, there was a letter for me, telling me how much love she’d held in her heart and couldn’t speak. I was happy, my husband and my kids, but I always wonder, what woulda happened if I’d told her how much I loved her.” She smiled again. “Just don’t waste time, that’s what I’ll say. Call it old advice from an interfering old woman.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the spirit of endurance, we shall strive in any situation.
Alexander Freed, Rogue One - A Star Wars Story|He saw a figure in white robes near the bridge entrance and turned the tape over in his hand. He approached the woman and said, his tone respectful, "Your Highness. The transmission we received...", seemed younger every day, even as her responsibilities grew and grew.He held out his hand. Childlike fingers took the tape."What is it they've sent us?" he asked.Prince Leia Organa looked at him as if he'd placed another burden on her shoulders - another responsibility to add to a count of thousands - and she was proud to bear it."Hope," she said.Raymus believed her.
Marcus du Sautoy, The Great Unknown: Seven Journeys to the Frontiers of Science|If, years later, I do use the slit detector to observe which way the electron went, it will mean that many years earlier the electron must have passed through one slit or the other. But if I don't use the "slit detector," then the electron must have passed through both slits. This is, of course, extremely weird. My actions at the beginning of the twenty-first century can change what happened thousands of years ago when the electron began its journey. It seems that just as there are multiple futures, there are also multiple pasts, and my acts of observation in the present can decide what happened in the past. As much as it challenges any hope of ever really knowing the future, quantum physics asks whether I can ever really know the past. It seems that the past is also in a superposition of possibilities that crystallize only once they are observed.
Cyril Wong, Below: Absence: Poems|If this turns to friendship, it only meansThat one of us will suffer.That when we meet after the worst of endings,There will only be this skein of words between us—Most of them for boredom, fewer for loneliness—Rising out of our mutual space of breath, leavingBehind a bluer sky each moment of departure.And one of us will cling on to its blue,Hung on partings like a muted cloud, whileThe other rides on a wing of word away from here.
Jon Gresham, We Rose Up Slowly|Later, you told me what your mother had said. How your father, the farmer, rose up slowly. You told me how your mother wailed on the other end of the phone, grieving her loss and complaining about the basketball of a goitre perched on her shoulder. She told you, your father walked onto the veranda and saw a chook floating ten feet above the ground. The chook didn’t flap a feather and just sat there brooding, swaying in the breeze.
Anthony Liccione|Every corner and room of a house will carry memories, make these the most pleasurable times you shared with your family.
Raymond E. Feist, Talon of the Silver Hawk|Suddenly feeling overwhelmed, Talon said, 'It doesn’t matter. They are all dead.' He felt moisture gathering in his eyes and blinked. 'It’s been a while since I’ve felt that.'Caleb nodded. 'It never goes away, completely. But you’ll discover other things in life.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|We love out of compassion, passion or a sense of commitment.
Robert Vanleeuwen|For it is in selfishness & greed most choose to walk. In hate we choose to be. Yes even the words of love fall from false lips in these times, spreading a deceitful lie about truth itself. We'd rather be consumed by our flesh than to be a giver of life. Shackled by our world in Lou of freeing it. Destroying our meaning - instead of embracing it.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Feelings, rationale and values are the top qualities that make a person exceedingly human.
T.S. Joyce, Red Havoc Bad Bear|This life required scars,...Some were on the outside, and some they carried on the inside. But scars weren’t shameful. They meant survival. They meant putting in work. They meant sticking around and getting through the hard stuff just on the chance that things could get better.
Latika Teotia|I am focusing on positive thoughts – thoughts of hope, thoughts of love, thoughts of faith …
Latika Teotia|To live a blissful life fill your heart with love, hope, compassion and kindness; since heart alone has the key to bliss...
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|The basis of love that most people share is the intimacy they developed with their partners, the intensity of their attraction, or the similarity of their thought patterns,
Robert Vanleeuwen|How we give matters. If your thoughts & goals are selfish, than so be your fief. For it is through the heart that we prosper & through each other that we grow.
Gwenda Bond, Triple Threat|I imagined it was far better to be optimistic, to proceed assuming wherever you could that you had cared enough, that you'd made a difference, that you would again. Dwelling on the worst was no way to live.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Looking back, I now realize that I left home in search of all the things that were right in the very place I left.
Robert Vanleeuwen|When with meaning we walk - we go not where comfort resides, but where truth and love show in abundance.
Vannetta Chapman, Light of Dawn|When you're completely lost, when you have no idea what comes next or why things are happening, faith is what gets you through. Even if you're not sure what you believe, you keep doing the things you know in your heart are the right things. That is faith, Carter. It's not the absence of questions. It's continuing, day in and day out, in spite of those questions.
Melina Sempill Watts|The underlying melody via every rock, plant, animal, sky and star, inside the water, from the dirt, through the light: only love lasts.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fret not, fret not.
Dana Johnson|Maybe not today, Maybe not tomorrow. But somewhere down the line, there has to be a light.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Nurture your dreams to fruition, refuse to let the rot in reality.
Lily G Blunt|You are the light in my darkness,Restful peace for my soul.You are the one who rescues me,Never let me go.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When Faith dawn, fear fades.
Avinash Advani|If someone gives you tough situation, it's better to make a distance.
Alexander Freed, Rogue One - A Star Wars Story|Hope?" She eyed Cassian dubiously. "Is that the best the Rebel Intelligence can do?" Cassian might as well have shrugged. "Rebellions are built on hope," he said
Homer, The Odyssey|For my part I have no joy in tears after dinnertime. There will always be a new dawn tomorrow. Yet I can have no objection to tears for any mortal who dies and goes to his destiny. And this is the only consolation we wretched mortals can give, to cut our hair and let the tears roll down our faces.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Whatever you are pursuing don't stop, or you will forever be wondering how it would've turned out. Even if no one else believes, never give up on yourself.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Don't ever get discouraged, your effort may not be acknowledged but trust me it's noticed.
Ed McDonald, Blackwing|The world is a cruel mother, a matron of darkness, selfishness, greed, and misery. For most, their time suckling at her breast is naught but a scramble through stinging, tearing briars before a naked, shameful collapse as the flesh gives out. And yet in the bright eyes of every newborn, there lies a spark, a potential for goodness, the possibility of a life worth living. That spark deserves its chance. And though most of them will turn out to be as worthless as the parents who sired them, while the cruelty of the earth will tell them to release their innocence and join in the drawing of daggers, every now and then one manages to clutch to its beauty and refuses to release it into the dark.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|If where we are now and whatever we are going through does not motivate us to leave this world better than the way we met it, we are in this world for wrong reasons.
Ratish Edwards|WaitingI am waiting for the special day,when you will say "i will stay",I am waiting for the night,when you will be there and everything's right,I am waiting for that magical rain,that will wash away the distance, sepration and pain,I am waiting for a change,when everything will get arranged,I am waiting for a meeting,when i can see you, and my heart can start beating,I am waiting for a fight,after which i can hold you in my arms tight,I am waiting for a blue moon,when we can meet and i hope it will come soon,I am waiting for the special day,when you will say "i will stay",
Kilroy J. Oldster|We write, edit, and rewrite the story of our own life employing descriptive words, metaphors, and symbols. Our lives are full of symbols including those supplied by nature and religion, which touch upon the mystical and spiritual aspects of life. Symbols inspire enduring hope by formulating idealist expectations.
Ratish Edwards|Should IToday I am in search of a light,that can show me a way bright,Today I am trying to find a reason,For why my life feels like a prison,I am trying to find a way,So that, even just for a day,my seldom happiness could stay,I am trying to find a reason of pain,to know why it hurts and sometimes eyes rain,Today looking back at life and planning for future,I cannot forget those people and miss ventures,Should I stay, wait or move on,Or should I believe that, they moved on,Should i forget that old house and small streets,Or can I forget the faces, lanes and their good deeds,Its been a while and they are changed,Should I forget them or remember them as a tale,I feel so big, heavy and old,Should i take some decisions bold,Life being so rude and cold,But always i found a reason to stay and take hold,I hope for a light, reason and rain,Hope to overcome darkness, treason and pain.
Matthew Laurence, Freya|I wish I could tell you it doesn't matter. I wish I could hold you close and tell that you will be loved for what you do, that you are incredible and unique. I wish you knew how much you were needed, how much I miss you. I wish. You dream of desires and hopes, and that is why I dream of you - because you are my desire and hope.
R.M. Romero, The Dollmaker of Krakow|My soul already existed - you just called out to me, and the wind brought me to you.
Tsukumizu, Girls' Last Tour, Vol. 1|Even if it's meaningless . . . sometimes, nice things happen.
Susan Ee, Angelfall|If we get separated there’s not much hope of us ever meeting anywhere, but I need to keep up the pretense of hope because that may be all we have.
Candace Robinson, Hearts Are Like Balloons|You can blow into a balloon and watch it inflate, and then release it and see it deflate. You can take that same balloon and blow into it again, and observe it inflating. That's what my heart is doing in this moment, inflating and holding the air.
George Saunders, Lincoln in the Bardo|Trap. Horrible trap. At one’s birth it is sprung. Some last day must arrive. When you will need to get out of this body. Bad enough. Then we bring a baby here. The terms of the trap are compounded. That baby also must depart. All pleasures should be tainted by that knowledge. But hopeful dear us, we forget. Lord, what is this?
Elizabeth Carlton, Chivalry's Code|After all of this you're still 'Rayhan the Chivalrous', full of hope and optimism?
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Though the fire and water tried to overtake me, I have come out to a place of great abundance and God has given me hope again.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|My favorite words in the world are these:  in conjunction.They question curiosities in simple form and function. is a query of broadest scope. is wonder that fuels all hope.Together they lasso the mind like rope, and spur the wildest deductions!
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you can believe, you be made well.
Lailah Gifty Akita|No matter how bad the situation, do not lose heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Believe, believe.
Stephen  Vaughn, M.I.N.D.|They were together, and that was all that mattered. The food, the house, the cars, the money, the power, all inconsequential. She would tear it all down herself with her bare hands if she had to, because her family was alive, well, and surrounding her in love. It was how it should have been that night, and it was the last thing Abigail thought or saw in her minds eye as she faded off into the oblivion and unknown of death.
Alexandra Silber|While we must always strive to grow beyond those who come before us, we must revere and learn from those that broke the ground originally, endeavor to honor their legacy, and then continue in our own vision.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Life can seem like a gloomy wait in the thick of black shadows.And still there are those who smile at the darkness, anticipating the beauty of an eventual sunrise.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|Hope is soothing, but it can become deceptive if we cling to it as the last resort against reality.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|So what do we do?" Alec whispered.Magnus shrugged and smiled suddenly; with his messy black hair and the gleam in his gold-green eyes, he looked like a mischievous teenager. "what everyone else does," he replied. "Like you said. Hope.
E.M. Swift-Hook|Real affection does not see anything in terms of 'rights', nor does it even care if it is reciprocated. It merely waits by the door and hopes."From 'A Walking Shadow
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|If you did not live lovingly and love deeply, you would not feel the pain of separation. But neither would you feel the joy, passion, and happiness that living fully and loving deeply bring.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are alive, don’t ever lose hope.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Once faith dies, the death of hope follows hard on its heels.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Girl Who Chased the Moon|A hummingbird cake, she decided as she turned on the kitchen light. It was made with bananas and pineapples and pecans and had a cream cheese frosting.She would make it light enough to float away.She reached over to open the window. To float to her daughter.
Lailah Gifty Akita|No matter what happens to us, as long as we have hope, we shall recover.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The only recourse for an escape artist from world affairs is to explore their inner sanctum where hopes, dreams, insecurities, and despair collide.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We perish, when we lose hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without hope, we are lifeless.
Stacy A. Padula|Give into hope, I say, for fear will only paralyze. It is better to life a life of love amidst the pain than a life of apathy.
Don Piper, 90 Minutes in Heaven: A True Story of Death and Life|Satan is a liar. He wants to steal our joy and replace it with hopelessness. When we're up against a struggle and we think we can't keep going, we can change that by praising God. Our chains will fall from us.Meese encouraged me by reminding me of the real reason we have for fully living this life. It's to give everything we have to God--even the heartbreaks and pain. God is our reason to live.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|But where hope rises, fear must lurk behind.
Elizabeth Kostova, The Historian|Ao sairmos para o anoitecer dourado das ruas bizantinas, refleti como era estranho que, mesmo sob as circunstâncias mais extraordinárias, durante episódios mais perturbadores da vida, nos lugares mais distantes de casa e de tudo que nos é familiar, possam existir esses momentos de incontestável alegria.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Experience everything;Times of sorrow, times of Joy.Times of darkness, times of light.Times of lost heart, times of hope.Times of hate, times of love.Times of pain , times of peace.Times of distress, times of dancing.Times of sickness, times of recover of strength.Times of lost, times of finding the way.Times of wandering, times of wonder.Times of failure, times of success.Times of fall, times of rise.Time of sowing, times of harvesting.Times of injury , times of healing.Times of waiting, times of fulfilled wish.Times of praying, times of receiving the promise.Times of ploughing, times of planting.Times of dreaming, times of working to achieve the dream.Times of doubt, times of Faith.
Lailah Gifty Akita|As long as you have hope, you can survive any harsh condition.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|Love is a powerful force. There is nothing in this world, no other energy, as powerful as the force of genuine, unconditional love.
Karina Halle, Before I Ever Met You|Sometimes hope is like wearing someone else’s coat. You know it can shield and protect you, just as it did them, but it still doesn’t feel right. You’re just not used to it.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|May you know always that you are never alone, that life and love are eternal, and that you are extraordinary.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|I have been blessed by those I cannot see, but whose presence I feel. I know that I am not alone and hope that you, too, will find that, even in the most difficult situations, you are fully supported by the universe. All that is required is that you ask for help. It is there waiting for you.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|There is an old phrase, ‘hiding in plain sight.’ This is where we find the loved one we miss so much. All we need to do is open our eyes, our minds, and our hearts.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|Hope comes in the form of synchronicities. When one even occurs and is followed by another, which is in complete alignment with the first, we sense we are not alone. We know, intuitively throughout our beings, that what we are experiencing is the universe lovingly embracing us.
George Chakiris|No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible!
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|I became convinced that I was being watched.Because self was still leaking everywhere, a part of me began to think it was Mizuko rather than a stranger. I hoped that there might still be a reunion. I hoped it in the shy, sly way hope comes out of the jar, the mistranslated box, last—after everything and everyone else has escaped.
Elijah Onyenmeriogu|Dreams bring hope in life, hope brings dreams alive.
Gift Gugu Mona|Right now I may not have it all, but I know my future is bright because as long as I live there is hope for my situation.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|Give yourself permission to see and feel the extraordinary events in your own life. In internalizing them, you also will find your perspective about life and its meaning will change, resulting in growth and expansion of your soul.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|Loss pushes us to difficult places where we have not been before. We often question whether or not we have the courage and stamina to survive the pain. However, we often are given gifts that tell us that we are not alone and that we can withstand the journey.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|When we learn to attribute meaning to the events in our lives, we connect with our Higher Purpose, Higher Wisdom, or Source; we become Master of the Self. A gradual process, this is often tied to loss and to love.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|What is hope? Like love, it is hard to define, but easy to recognize, a state of being that compels us to go on. It is a feeling that we have what we need to continue our journey to the next moment.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|We all need hope. As souls, we journey in physical bodies, traversing a life that is dually lived. We experience safety through attachment to the physical world, but we also are comforted and cared for by a trust in the non-physical, spiritual part of our reality. Two different roads, available for us and from which we choose, moment by moment.
M.T. Anderson|Hope, belief, and despair are not simply moods. They change our physical performance. They alter how quickly we react, how hard we fight, how quick we are to give up.- Symphony for the City of the Dead: Dmitri Shostakovich and the Siege of Leningrad
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|When we understand the illusory nature of life and the profound power of eternal love, which enables us to create miracles and experience the presence of our deceased loved ones, we find ourselves living with joy, hope and peace.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|Filling ourselves and living with the energy of love feels wonderful. And because this energy resonates at a high vibrational level, it also attracts into our lives other high, vibrational experiences, many of which feel quite miraculous.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|I never thought of a future without you. That was the reason I always lived in the present, hoping I would find you someday.
Becca Vry, Musings: An Argyle Empire Anthology|You have the freedom and the ability to decide what to do with your life, and that includes learning how to welcome happiness again. It's a conscious choice we each have to make, to emerge from the embers of profound loss and hopelessness, to become the fire that warms us, lights our path, all of it. We can embody that warmth and light.
H.S. Crow|Selfish little flower dancing beneath flames do you dare drift in this wind alongside me? Take my hand and let us see skies untouched by night. You are not alone. Never have, and never will be. Death is only the beginning, but our breath shall reign forever.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Some situations are just like bad dreams, they're only unbearable while we're giving them our full attention.
Kyan Christopher, Still Presence|The love we have can’t die. If you ever think I’m not there, just be still and you’ll feel my presence. I’ll be beating with your heart.
Anaïs Nin|But my faith seems naive, at least today. Maybe tomorrow I can believe again.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Bush invited his constituency to be blind to the world's real problems, and leftists often do the opposite, gazing so fixedly at those problems that they cannot see beyond them. Thus it is that the world often seems divided between false hope and gratuitous despair. Despair demands less of us, it's more predictable, and in a sad way safer. Authentic hope requires clarity--seeing the troubles in this world--and imagination, seeing what might lie beyond these situations that are perhaps not inevitable and immutable.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|To say that the emperor has no clothes is a nice anti-authoritarian gesture, but to say that everything without exception is going straight to hell is not an alternative vision but only an inverted version of the mainstream's 'everything's fine.
Min Jin Lee, Pachinko|His Presbyterian minster father had believed in a divine design, and Mozasu believed that life was like this game where the player could adjust the dials yet also expect the uncertainty of factors he couldn't control. He understood why his customers wanted to play something that looked fixed but which also left room for randomness and hope.
Saim .A. Cheeda|Regret is the strongest anchor that latches on to the ground, and you carry it within you, it is a feeling quite unlike others for it is despair mingled with hope.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Hope is not a door, but a sense that there might be a door at some point, some way out of the problems of the present moment even before that way is found or followed.
Robert Vanleeuwen, Among Wolves'|Your spouse is not a possession you attain, but a friend in which you trust & adore.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|There's a kind of activism that's more about bolstering identity than achieving results, one that sometimes seems to make the left the true heirs of the Puritans. Puritanical in that the point becomes the demonstration of one's own virtue rather than the realization of results. And puritanical because the somber pleasure of condemning things is the most enduring part of that legacy, along with the sense of personal superiority that comes from pleasure denied. The bleakness of the world is required as contrasting backdrop to the drama of their rising above.
Robert Jordan, Towers of Midnight|Defying the Dark One no matter the length of his shadow. We will live, that defiance said. We will love and we will hope.
J.M. Arboleda|Not a world I can give, but a peek of what my world looks like when you're in it.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Hopefulness is risky, since it is after all a form of trust, trust in the unknown and the possible, even in discontinuity. To be hopeful is to take on a different persona, one that risks disappointment, betrayal...
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Another part of the Puritan legacy is the belief that no one should have joy or abundance until everyone does, a belief that austere at one end, in the deprivation it endorses, and fantastical in the other, since it awaits a universal utopia. Joy sneaks in anyway, abundance cascades forth uninvited...Joy doesn't betray but sustains activism. And when you face a politics that aspires to make you fearful, alienated, and isolated, joy is a fine initial act of insurrection.
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|if you are suffering without a belief in God, then there is not a lot of hope that your pain has any greater purpose in the grand scheme of the universe. Suffering is just a part of naturalistic evolution weeding you out of existence for something stronger and younger to take your place on the food chain.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|The revolution that counts is the one that takes place in the imagination; many kinds of change issue forth thereafter, some gradual and subtle, some dramatic and conflict-ridden--which is to say that revolution doesn't necessarily look like revolution.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|My wishing star glowed slightly and winked back at me. I could almost hear its voice, tinkling like wind chimes and church bells, reassuring me that everything would return to normal.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|When she smiles, the lines in her face become epic narratives that trace the stories of generations that no book can replace.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|That thing you thought you'd doYou start to think you can't;You always say tomorrow,But you haven't got a plan.Everyone's asking questions,And all you do is dodge.That career that you'd imaginedWas only a mirage.The older that you get,The smaller that you feel;You forget what's only in your head,And what is really real.Sometimes people make it;They become who they meant to be.But most of the time,Dreamers only dream.
Gillian Duce, Demons and Dangers: Magic and Mayhem - Book 4|How can the heart and mind work together? The mind wants logic and to travel in straight lines, while the heart wants to be free and travel upward in spirals to dizzying heights.
Carolina De Robertis, Radical Hope: Letters of Love and Dissent in Dangerous Times|Colonial power, patriarchal power, capitalist power must always and everywhere be battled, because they never, ever quit. (Junot Diaz)
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|The term 'politics of prefiguration' has long been used to describe the idea that if you embody what you aspire to, you have already succeeded. That is to say, if your activism is already democratic, peaceful, creative, then in one small corner of the world these things have triumphed. Activism, in this model, is not only a toolbox to change things but a home in which to take up residence and live according to your beliefs, even if it's a temporary and local place...
Nico J. Genes|If I have more than one life, I would definitelydedicate this one entirely to you." - MAGNETIC REVERIE
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|Initially they waited with hope, but as each hour passed, hope slipped away like the wind, the wind that as a small boy Ethan had once tried to capture with his tiny fingers.
Rachel L. Demeter, Beauty of the Beast|Hope is a beautiful and magical thing. Grasp it tight, monsieur, and never let go.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|I'm still looking for someoneWho said they were here for me,And I thought I was once there for you.But when troubles are nearer than friends,And the road comes to an end,What could I do?I wish I could fly away like you.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|For once a hope was realized. I held in my hand a morsel of real solid joy: not a dream, not an image of the brain, not one of those shadowy chances imagination pictures, and on which humanity starves but cannot live
James Andrew Crosby|Wherever you are and whatever you do, I hope you find the time to dwell in your favourite memories. It is one of the most beautiful and relaxing things we can do, no matter when and no matter where.
Neil Gaiman, Fables and Reflections|And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|One thing I know is true. Try never to abandon hope for if you do, hope will surely try to abandon you.
Shona Moyce, Immisceo Taken|No matter how bleak and black her existence became, the familiar sight of the moon restored something within her, small as it was—like tiny fluttering wings of flame beating back the darkness.
Shona Moyce, Immisceo Taken|It was more real than anything she’d ever imagined, and she clung to that in the same way that the sky clung to the earth.
Ernest Hemingway|The rain will stop, the night will end, the hurt will fade. Hope is never so lost that it can't be found.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|The naively cynical measure a piece of legislation, a victory, a milestone not against the past or the limits of the possible, but against their ideas of perfection...
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I ask, ‘Is the cup half-empty or half-full?’ And when I ask that question, I am amazed at how many people have no cup.
Rebecca Solnit|For twenty years I have sat alone at a desk tinkering with sentences and then sending them out, and for most of my literary life the difference between throwing something in the trash and publishing it was imperceptible...
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|We inhabit, in ordinary daylight, a future that was unimaginably dark a few decades ago, when people found the end of the world easier to envision than the impending changes in everyday roles, thoughts, practices that not even the wildest science fiction anticipated. Perhaps we should not have adjusted to it so easily. It would be better if we were astonished every day.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Stories migrate secretly. The assumption that whatever we now believe is just common sense, or what we always knew, is a way to save face. It's also a way to forget the power of a story and of a storyteller, the power in the margins, and the potential for change.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|What lies ahead seems unlikely; when it becomes the past, it seems inevitable.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|You may be told that the legal decisions lead the changes, that judges and lawmakers lead the culture in those theaters called courtrooms, but they only ratify change. They are almost never where change begins, only where it ends up, for most changes travel from the edges to the center.
Connor Franta, Note to Self|today my heart was ripped in twoone half for me, one half for you take a half and keep it neari have mine and will always be here crossing paths before the endonce a lover, forever a friend
Germany Kent|If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.
Germany Kent|No matter how dysfunctional your background, how broke or broken you are, where you are today, or what anyone else says, YOU MATTER, and your life matters!
Germany Kent|Embrace who you are and your divine purpose. Identify the barriers in your life, and develop discipline, courage and the strength to permanently move beyond them, and keep moving forward.
Germany Kent|A fundamental approach to life transformation is using social media for therapy; it forces you to have an opinion, provides intellectual stimulation, increases awareness, boosts self-confidence, and offers the possibility of hope.
Stephen Emond, Winter Town|It was hope that was the problem. Hoping feelings wouldn't be hurt, hoping love would blossom, that was painful. But committing yourself to misery, that was just a dead feeling. It was pulling the Band-Aid and embracing the pain.
George R.R. Martin, Lisa Tuttle|Dream anything hard enough, and it can be yours.
Hazel Gaynor, The Girl from the Savoy|So I care for this restless fluttering in my heart as if it were a bird with a broken wing, in the hope that it will one day heal and fly.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If your trust is in man, your joy will soon be buried in the cemetery. If you hope is in cars, your happiness will soon be found in the mechanic shop. You are missing it if man is your hope.
Atle Jarnæs Lerøy|Even this little moment is a blessing.Life is always full of hope, if you only let it in
Thomas Carlyle|He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything
Kathy Goodhew, A Vision Beyond Abuse: Spiritual Healing After Abuse|No matter how dark life can be, it's how we react to it that matters. Love & forgiveness instead of hate and fear, create in us a garden of healing.
A. T.|Never give up hope, no matter how dark things may seem.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party: Part 2|Strong is the man who can pull apart his own pride and hopelessness; courageous is the man who then reaches in, near his most vital inner workings to pull out the slivers and shards of mortality that have worked their way in.It’s not about determining the shade of grey the white paint in the bucket has become, but finding where the black paint is dripping from, and stopping it.
Bluenscottish|The value of ones heart is in the reminders of what fills it,words may sustain for a while but actions will always be the hope
Erik Pevernagie|When scorching passion only leaves ashes of unfulfilled dreams, hope may entice the sprinkling magic of our imagination into livening up the footlights on a new stage of life. ("Taken for a ride")
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Dig deep & pull the roots of confidence from the ground of your being, standing firm in the raging storm until sunlight blossoms inside you.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Give it air & let the scar on your soul reveal itself, because, like the body, it too was made to heal itself.
Wendell Berry, Hannah Coulter|Living without expectations is hard but, when you can do it, good. Living without hope is harder, and that is bad. You have got to have hope, and you mustn’t shirk it. Love, after all, 'hopeth all things.' But maybe you must learn, and it is hard learning, not to hope out loud, especially for other people. You must not let your hope turn into expectation.
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|Did I love her? No. I obsessed over her completely. And thank heavens I was obsessed. Obsession, infatuation, is something short-lived. A sweet fever dream that leaves you exhausted from the high. Love is perpetual. Love is an entire world compared to that other form of mania people mistake love for. If love is loving the reality of a person, obsession is idealising the fantasy of another. Did I love her? No. Never. But I was utterly obsessed.
F.K. Preston|A death in reverse is the rewinding of life. I do not die of old age, in a bed surrounded by strangers my loved ones paid to take care of me. I die in reverse. I die falling backinto a younger age. From my forty-five years to twenty-five. To sixteen. When we were in love. To fourteen: when we first met. To five. To one. To the hospital my mother died at from the complications of my existence. A life for a life.
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|But I can’t control my dreams. I can’t even remember them. For all I know I’m having the time of my life when I sleep, but I just can’t remember. So I’m forced to live in a life I have no control over. A life where I’m either numb to everything or terrified of every thought that crosses my mind. If this is all just a dream, then it sure is a disappointing one.But I still have time to try and control my dreams. I have time to try and make my dreams a reality in this waking life as well. The one bloody thing I have is time. I’ve got to remember that. I still have time. And despite everything, there is something reassuring about that.
F.K. Preston|I recall my life every day. I recall my sins and my acts of purity. I remind myself I was never a religious man. I remind myself that I have been dead for half of forever. I remind myself of nothing. I move along to the next minute. Next day. Next year. The earth doesn’t change so much anymore. It doesn’t change so quickly. With humans, the earth had to keep changing. But you can only replace a dying thing so many times before someone notices. There haven’t been humans for years. Maybe a decade. Maybe more. I find myself loving their absence. The absence of humanity is the absence of violence. I love this peace. But then I remember my bones. My mind and my memories. I remember I’m human. I am the thing I detest. The creature that haunts my steps. It’s my shadow I see watching me. It’s my reflection in the water. I keep remembering. I live in fear. But still, I walk on.
F.K. Preston|Four years ago the clocks started turning back. I open my eyes and see nothing. I feel nothing below or above me. I feel the absence of things. The absence of my flesh, my bones, my body, my mind. All that is left is awareness. I see nothing but the absence of colour. It’s not a black darkness. It’s simply nothing. The interior of a black hole. I recall news of a black hole lingering along the edges of our solar system. All that time ago. Four years ago. When the clocks started turning back. I hear nothing. Until there is a something. A small thing. A voice. I listen. There are more voices. The sounds are human. How long has it been since I’ve heard a human? The sounds scratch along my now present attention. They carve into my hearing. They are horrid, wretched things. Voices screaming. Growing loud and desperate. How many voices? Billions. This is the birth of our species. We are born screaming. It’s all we know to do. We have screamed for eternity. Within this empty space.
F.K. Preston|I begin my life. I live again. I meet a young girl called Valeria. She smiles easily. She laughs tender sounds that pull at my heart. I’m too young to be profound but she makes me feel so safe. So cherished. I am thirty years old. I bump into a woman I knew when she was a girl. Valeria looks annoyed to see me. She lives in the future. Where the world is turning. I live within the past. Where the people are trapped and screaming and alone. I live within the past when Valeria and I were in love. She’s waiting for the cab to come, her foot tapping against the sidewalk. Her eyes glancing at her watch every few minutes. I’m eager to reunite our lives through some kind of friendship. I’m so eager to know her again, as she was when she was a child. But Valeria lives within the future. I live within the past. Have the two ever gotten along? Have they ever even met?
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|There is nothing to me but you. I know it’s pathetic but, oh darling, it’s true.
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|My creativity keeps me from starving. Humanity keeps my life mundane. Loving secures my love for life, but my imagination keeps me sane.
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|The truth is there isn’t anything to me at all. All I know is that I can’t sleep well, I can’t dream well and I’m quite in love with you. That’s all there is to me. My greatest feature is my admiration for you. I know it’s not healthy. Like my insomnia. Like my dreamless nights. You make living alright. My nightmares come when I think of a night without Valeria. That’s when I realise you’re dead. That’s when I remember you’ve been gone for years. That’s when I remember I’m awake. And I wait for this dream called Life to leave me to my peace once and for all and forever.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Hope is not some thin thing that is subject to the winds of fate, but it is crafted hard by the hands of God.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Hope is not some thin thing that is subject to the winds of fate. Rather, it is something crafted hard by the hands of God.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|With God, the impossible is not an obstacle but an invitation.
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|I wanted to give you something that would last forever. Something that would surpass the world, that would still be alive and bright even after you passed away. Something beautiful. For your eyes and smile only. But I never found it. All I could give you is words. Words which were as fleeting as the heartbeats that shook my soul whenever you looked my way.
Adrianna Stepiano|Here’s to the “so-so-ing” it.Here’s to the working since I was 14 in a smoke clouded day. Here’s to saying I could stay until the forms were faxed.Here’s to driving home past dark and dozing off the road.Here’s to no over time.Here’s to the long line to management.Here’s to ALREADY DONE THAT!Here’s to quitting, saying I’m through, saying I can’t compete for your leftover lean cuisine. Here’s to art. Here’s to freedom. Here’s to saying God gave me every penny and knowing it’s true. Here’s to the next 40 years with you.Here’s to the new.— Adrianna Stepiano
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|o not preoccupy yourself with wants or expectations. The world won't abide by the standards, you set in any case, whether you set them too low or too high. It will break them every time for the simple fact that our true essence has no desire, hope or expectation for anything. It has no selfish inclinations of any kind. Everything, it experiences, is a passing phase, not its real identity.
Kate Troll, The Great Unconformity: Reflections on Hope in an Imperiled World|I live in one of the best places, bar none, to appreciate the wild natural environment. I also live in one of the most politically difficult places to work on its behalf: Alaska.
H.S. Crow, Lunora and the Monster King|Long ago, there was a dream within a dream that allowed joy to reign, but that youthful breath drifted away as swiftly as a summer rain. There was nothing left after the dawn, except for a world darkened by a King’s broken heart. Now only Morpheus induced silhouettes dance in these lightless plains. They dance in sequence to the sound of time – unmoved by existence – trapped in a single thought I hope lies within you.
Germany Kent|Don't give up when dark times come. The more storms you face in life, the stronger you'll be. Hold on. Your greater is coming.
Caroline Leech, Wait for Me|I am German, yes, but I am not a Nazi. There is a difference, and one day I hope you understand that.
Germany Kent|You're going to make it;You're going to be at peace;You're going to create, and love, and laugh, and live;You're going to do great things.
Brent  Jones, The Fifteenth of June|If that’s the case, I understand why emotions are hard for you. You’ve numbed yourself to make room for the grief you carry.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Star light, Star brightFirst star I see tonight…I whispered your name to a star last nightSoftly, yet so boldI closed my eyes, and saw your faceI spoke those words untoldI wish I may, I wish I mightIt shouted from my soulHave this wish, I wish tonightThe wish I can't let go...
Robert E. Webber, Ancient-Future Time: Forming Spirituality Through the Christian Year|To summarize, Easter Sunday is the most important Sunday. It is the Sunday of all Sundays. It is the day of the new beginning of the entire cosmos, the day of resurrection. In our worship we must be careful not to reduce our message to the Easter fact only. The Easter fact must include the message this fact proclaims: God makes all things new. It must also include the message that we have been raised with Christ. Calling God's people to die to sin and rise to the new life is central not only to Easter day but to the Easter season.
Brent  Jones, The Fifteenth of June|See, you’ve got to understand, son. There’s two types of guys in this world. There’s guys . . . who think they’re in control, and guys like us who live in the moment. Who accept life as it is.
Brent  Jones, The Fifteenth of June|I lost someone close to me once . . . Taught me to live in the moment. Life is short, you know?
Brent  Jones, The Fifteenth of June|It feels like I’m stuck in one spot. It’s been this way for a long time. I know you understand, but now you’re moving on without me. And I—I’m not ready to be alone.
Germany Kent|To everyone battling a difficulty or under attack right now, smile, keep your head up, keep moving and stay positive, you'll get through it.
Hyrum Yeakley|Once you start questioning your beliefs, that's when it's all over. It is truly doubt that kills our conviction.
Shannon A. Thompson, July Thunder|Some rumors said she was a demon from another world. Other rumors said she was death incarnate, someone to remind us of our misdeeds. But no one had said how beautiful she was. No one had mentioned her eyes. The ones that showed color only for a second. A hint of beauty in absolute blackness.
Cheyanne Ratnam|I guess pencil crayons are like life; we hope to gain wisdom through our experiences, and sadly many of us learn important lessons later in life - however all that colour we scratched and pressed into our canvases create stories for our children, and grandchildren - things to laugh at as we look back, and hopefully things others can use as examples of lessons of caution, and tales of overcoming negative situations despite the overwhelming odds stacked up against us. Tales of past likes and loves, lessons learned, and the stories about how you met the right person and how you ended up with them - often a winding tale until there's an 'AH-HA' moment of enlightenment, lol. Tales of raw adversity...because rawness is beautiful, and learned wisdom which proves showing weakness is actual bravery. That not everyone you lose is a loss, and that in life, a situation will keep repeating itself until one learns their lesson. As sad as it is to see these pencils being shortened, and the way one tries to preserve what's left as they get shorter and shorter... the new box of crayons which will eventually be bought will continue the storytelling of the old, and add new stories until they themselves expire.
Mieft Aenzeish|Good Evening to inline expectations have not materialized, I hope tomorrow you can be hugged with the smile that tick, under the morning light through the sweet lips.
Emma Richler, Be My Wolff|Hopes are so well constructed, so monstrously dashed!
Germany Kent|So much can change from one day to the next, but the one thing that always remains the same is God. Stay focused on Him. In God We Trust.
Mouloud Benzadi|In life, things can always go wrong, So always keep your heart strong, Carry on, and never give up hope.
Sunday Adelaja|Never stop seeking, even when it seems there is no hope
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Time in the most powerful thing.Not money, not power, not hope.A person can have everything theydesire but without time they are,all useless.
Rachel L. Schade, Forsaken Kingdom|And when hope returns to us, it will be with a passion and power to match every ounce of this crushing despair and pain, every fiery shred of determination that carried us when hope failed. It will claim us with a courage that will make the goddess herself quake and doubt herself.
S. Jae-Jones, Wintersong|So I tried my best to stifle hope. Because hope's twin was despair, and despair was infinitely worse. If hope hurt, then despair was the absence of hurt. It was the absence of feeling. It was the absence of caring. I wanted very much to care.
Rachel L. Schade, Forsaken Kingdom|There is never a guarantee of survival, no matter your strength or skill or wit. There is only the day you are conceived and the day you die, and all else is a series of moments you either embrace or endure.
Brent  Jones, The Fifteenth of June|It’s like everyone has their own little recipe for happiness, but no one really seems all that happy.
Brent  Jones, The Fifteenth of June|Happiness isn’t something you work toward, the same way misery isn’t something you work toward.
Tiffany Reisz, The Night Mark|Hope is something God gives us. Hope is...Hope is a bright light on a dark night. If your hope is guiding you into this shore, then this is where you should drop your anchor.
Tiffany Reisz, The Night Mark|Hope was other people, no matter what the philosophers said. And this was a time that needed hope.
Brent  Jones, The Fifteenth of June|He pondered his turmoil, wondering which he feared most—losing his father or being alone in the world. Both were inevitable. Neither could be stopped or slowed down. All he could do now was brace for impact.
Rachel L. Schade, Forsaken Kingdom|What else has kept any of us going, but love of someone or the memory of that love?
Rachel L. Schade, Forsaken Kingdom|We weren’t that different after all, our souls laden with the same ache of loss, our hearts bursting with the same longing to save what remained of all we loved.
Garth Coonce|One of our goals is to encourage people that there is hope, there is a future.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|It was in the horizon of existence, that the Big Bang must have created our souls, we loved each other like the plane of time doesn't hold a fleck of control over us.
J.R. Johansson, Cut Me Free|I can't look at everything I've already done wrong, only the things I can choose to do right from here on out.
Andy Paine, Bad Business|Hope is a strange thing, not to mention a common prostitute name,...
Alexis Shotwell, Against Purity: Living Ethically in Compromised Times|I argue against purism not because I want a devastated world, the Mordor of industrial capitalism emerging as from a closely aligned alternate universe through our floating islands of plastic gradually breaking down into microbeads consumed by the scant marine life left alive after generations of overfishing, bottom scraping, and coral reef–killing ocean acidification; our human-caused, place-devastating elevated sea levels; our earth-shaking, water poisoning fracking; our toxic lakes made of the externalities of rare-earth mineral production for so-called advanced electronics; our soul-and-lifedestroying prisons; our oil spills; our children playing with bits of dirty bombs; our white phosphorus; our generations of trauma held in the body; our cancers; and I could go on. I argue against purism because it is one bad but common approach to devastation in all its forms. It is a common approach for anyone who attempts to meet and control a complex situation that is fundamentally outside our control. It is a bad approach because it shuts down precisely the field of possibility that might allow us to take better collective action against the destruction of the world in all its strange, delightful, impure frolic. Purism is a de-collectivizing, de-mobilizing, paradoxical politicsof despair. This world deserves better.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|Technology has changed the way we work, and consequently, our posture. Today, sitting has been referred to as the new smoking. This has been exacerbated by the development of handheld devices and the onset of 'tech neck'. Take the Peterson 21 day posture challenge for 'Confident Assured Posture' for a healthy future. Stand tall and live longer.
Seanan McGuire, Every Heart a Doorway|You're nobody's rainbow. You're nobody's princess. You're nobody's doorway but your own, and the only one who gets to tell you how your story ends is you.
Nicole  Lyons|I hope that someday when I am gone, someone, somewhere, picks my soul up off of these pages and thinks, "I would have loved her.
Topsy Gift|When there is life and you are not working towards your hope, then that hope will produce no result
Malak El Halabi|There is something charming and peculiar about a beginning. You feel it, like the change of seasons, from winter to spring, from spring to summer. You feel it; the new blood pumping inside your veins. You feel it; a thousand butterflies fluttering around your fingers to help you fly. You feel it; on your lips, when you smile at the absurdities of life that suddenly make perfect sense.You smile... Because in every beginning, there is a rebirth. Because in every beginning, there is a layer of you that you just discovered. A layer you forgot was buried in you all this time. You smile because you are reminded of the immensity of fate. You smile because suddenly you feel so small and you like it.So let's begin my dear. This life is beautiful.
BinYamin Gulzar|He murmured , "Hope" is a dangerous thing,Its makes you see things that aren't there. The " pain" makes you hallucinate ,It's like dragging your torn and tired soul through the haunted woods,‎ And the light that you see at the end must be my calling! And she said , 'You are broken ...All beautiful things are broken !'A broken soul allows the "light to scatter like a Diamond
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|I'll keep looking- till that watery reflection of mine in your eye, rolls down as a tear. I'll keep looking till we finally look away like our lives never met. Let's cheat destiny as if we never knew each other. Let's do this last thing together.
Nikki Rowe|Sometimes all it takes is a little watering everyday and a sunny day to follow, that's how weeds become flowers and new dawns rise - why would it be any less then for a human life?
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|For once,engulf,not air,but hope.For once,breathe on,a firm belief!
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|I have fallen,for your words.They are like,a gossamer cobweb,I have been,embroiled,decoyed,snared into!Incapacitated.I fail to escape.I fail to liberate.Your words,didn't redeem,made me a,captive instead.
Judy Cornish, The Dementia Handbook: How to Provide Dementia Care at Home|Offering care means being a companion, not a superior. It doesn’t matter whether the person we are caring for is experiencing cancer, the flu, dementia, or grief.If you are a doctor or surgeon, your expertise and knowledge comes from a superior position. But when our role is to be providers of care, we should be there as equals.
Judy Cornish, The Dementia Handbook: How to Provide Dementia Care at Home|Even though people experiencing dementia become unable to recount what has just happened, they still go through the experience—even without recall. The psychological present lasts about three seconds. We experience the present even when we have dementia. The emotional pain caused by callous treatment or unkind talk occurs during that period. The moods and actions of people with dementia are expressions of what they have experienced, whether they can still use language and recall, or not.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our essential humanity is dependent upon humankind’s ability to join the past and the future with the present. Recollections and future projections grant us the ability to cogitate, analyze, and evaluate. Contrasting memories enable us to ascertain what is true and false, and determine what is charming, attractive, stunning, or sublime. Remembrance of the past serves to comfort us, awareness of the future offers us hope, while our dutiful engagement in the present is capable of arresting our complete attention.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Absence is more,thorny on the soul,than however dulcet,presence can be.Apparently,I have missed you,more than,I have ever loved you.
Felix Long, To Conquer Heaven|The two old men were as still as the stone bench on which they sat, as though their lengthy communion with the element had turned them into statues.
Felix Long, To Conquer Heaven|The two seasons; deepest winter from above and nascent spring from below, created a juxtaposition that drew the scene into the land of legend sitting only a heartbeat away behind a translucent river of time.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|The sand in the hour glass isn't meant to stick together. It will flow exactly same today, how it did ten years back. That's how much reliable that stuff is. The stuff that can be consistent.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|I was moving around with my imperfect, broken pieces until you came across and stitched my flaws with your words.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|I must give you this warning: your journeys will rarely ever go as you plan. You will make mistakes, and you will feel lost. Whenever that happens, look to the light and keep moving forward in faith.
Chrisper Malamsha|Anzia popote pale ulipo kwa chochote ulichonacho,Ipo siku utakuwa mtu fulan uliyetaman kuwa kwa miaka mingi
Hester Young|I don't know when and I don't know how, but you'll get through this. And you'll kick life in the balls just as hard as it's kicked you.
H.S. Crow|As long as we have children seeking unrealistic dreams, anything is possible.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Their grumpiness is often the grumpiness of perfectionists who hold that anything less than total victory is failure, a premise that makes it easy to give up at the start or to disparage the victories that are possible. This is Earth. It will never be heaven. There will always be cruelty, always be violence, always be de- struction.
Francis Mandewah, FRIENDSHIP: A True Story of Adventure, Goodwill, and Endurance|As children in a small village in Sierra Leone, my friends and I dreamed of travelling the world like the missionaries who opened our village school. As a British subject, I dreamed of walking the streets of London. I imagined my self in the United States of America visiting the places where the cowboy movies were made.
Kamand Kojouri|In the beginning was love, and love was with God, and love was God.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A human beings’ perception of reality emanates from viewing the universe, which is in a constant state of creation and destruction. The universe in which we move and work in outlasts human interests, hopes, expectations, and joy, and all forms of aversion, effort, pain, and humiliation. The world outlasts our dreams, love songs, bouts of inanity and anxiety, it outlast regrets, remorse, and shame.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe, it shall be.
T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land and Other Poems|There is no water, so things are bad. If there were water, it would be better. But there is no water.
Elif Shafak|There was so much filth to clean up; so many broken pieces to fix; so many errors to correct. Every morning she left her house she let out a quiet sigh, as if in one breath she could will away detritus of the previous day.--Three Daughters of Eve
Roberto Mangabeira Unger, The Future of American Progressivism: An Initiative for Political and Economic Reform|Hope is more the consequence of action than its cause. As the experience of the spectator favors fatalism, so the experience of the agent produces hope.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Weakness drives us to set goals, to try harder, to put forth more effort, to dream and wish and hope, to reach out further and down deeper, to pray earnestly, to cry mightily, to understand and empathize with valid sincerity. In truth, weakness is a catalyst for greater strength.
Robert Vanleeuwen|It is good to be jealous, if only of yourself. For what you feel you lack, you will show an abundance.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Enchanted April|Why couldn't two unhappy people refresh each other on their way through this dusty business of life by a little talk - real, natural talk, about what they felt, what they would have liked, what they still tried to hope for?
Robert Vanleeuwen|Don't aim, listen. Don't run, walk. Don't doubt, Move. Your heart will guide you in the right direction.
Robert Vanleeuwen|The grace by which our world relies, Is man’s ability to do good. But judgment seeks to condemn in our eyes, the times in which we could
Robert Vanleeuwen|Greatness is not a term of success, but of endurance.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, Quo Vadis|It seemed that out of every tear of a martyr new confessors were born, and that every groan on the arena found an echo in thousands of breasts. Caesar was swimming in blood, Rome and the whole pagan world was mad. But those who had had enough of transgression and madness, those who were trampled upon, those whose lives were misery and oppression, all the weighed down, all the sad, all the unfortunate, came to hear the wonderful tidings of God, who out of love for men had given Himself to be crucified and redeem their sins.When they found a God whom they could love, they had found that which the society of the time could not give any one, -- happiness and love.
Cinderpelt|When you make mistakes-not IF, Fireheart, WHEN- I'll tell you all about them.
Cinderpelt, Warriors: The Darkest Hour|The trick is to learn from your mistakes, and have the courage to be true to your heart.
Balroop Singh, Sublime Shadows Of Life|We know The wheel of time moves on New bonds, new ties ignite Moments fleet, memories drift, shadows glide There is always a hope At the horizon we seek.
Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon|I know that the future seems hard and scary, but it will get better, I promise. It's time for you to move on. Get going.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Easter is a marvelous affirmation of the genius of our design, but it is likewise the blunt acknowledgement that left to its own devices, the genius of our design will result in the destruction of our lives.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Crack-Up|Trouble has no necessary connection with discouragement --discouragement has a germ of its own, as different from trouble as arthritis is different from a stiff joint.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|There are times that all you need is someone who will listen to you without judging you — not telling you what you should have done or should do, but simply, listening to you
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|I die a little everyday, in trying to revive what I lost yesterday!
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|I don't know about homeless, but I'm never going to let you be hopeless. Or loveless. To be heartless however, well, that is your choice to make.
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|It takes time;It will take time, But it will happen
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|I pray for insight where the path is veiled, fortitude where the obstacles appear insurmountable, endurance where the destination seems unattainable, and equanimity when all that remains is to accept the journey.
Steve Maraboli|Our thoughts and desires are based in hope, but our behaviors are based in fear. This misalignment often causes a feeling of hopelessness and continues the cycle of feeding outdated ideologies and Guru genres offering gimmicks to anesthetize the pain.
Bobby Knight|In order to achieve positive results, one must work for them, not hope for them.
Carrie Lynn Jones (Immel)|Purpose in the sufferingA crisis-- the kind that knocks the wind out of ya, the kind that makes your blood run cold and alters your perception of all you think your reality "is." THAT kind of crisis brings us not only to our knees, but smack-dab with every question we've ever pondered on God's existence. There is purpose in the suffering. It MAKES us ask eternal questions with eternal answers. Often that's what it takes to wake us up. The suffering is actually merciful, from a God who would literally do ANYTHING to get us to run into His arms.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|The question is not whether our life is purposeful, but whether that purpose leads to a hope which is proper to our nature as human beings, for only then will life be meaningful.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|I hope all you wish for comes to you,And you become who you're hoping to be.I know you will prosper in all you do,So promise you'll remember me.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Listen Anna, if we don’t believe the things we put on our agendas will come true for us, then there’s no hope for us. We’re going to be saved by what we seriously put on our agendas.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|In order for evil to go down, the good had to fight, suffer and die. We won, but only after suffering a lot of pain and I’m sure many have had second thoughts. Despite everything, we had new hope after the battle. We cleared the agitation. We were free. The same goes for this war. The good on both sides needs to survive and the bad needs to wither away.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|We just need to hang in there a little longer, spend a little more of our energy... Breathe...
Victor Hugo, The Man Who Laughs|Le ciel était absolument noir, il n'y avait plus d'étoiles, mais évidemment il en voyait une.
T.S. Eliot, The Family Reunion|One thing you cannot know: The sudden extinction of every alternative, The unexpected crash of the iron cataract. You do not know what hope is, until you have lost it. You only know what it is not to hope: You do not know what it is to have hope taken from you Or to fling it away, to join the legion of the hopeless Unrecognized by other men, though sometimes by each other.
Ellis Peters|There never was, for all I could ever learn, a time when living was easy and peaceful.
Adam M. Grant, Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World|The people who had been recognized for making original contributions shared many more stories that started negatively but surged upward: they struggled early and triumphed later. Despite being confronted with more negative events, they reported greater satisfaction with their lives and a stronger sense of purpose.
Sophie Kinsella, My Not So Perfect Life|So I'm biding my time, like a surfer waiting for a wave. I'm pretty good at surfing, as it happens, and I know the wave will come. When the moment is right, I'll get Demeter's attention. She'll look at my stuff, everything will click, and I'll start riding my life. Not paddling, paddling, paddling, like I am right now.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Love makes you do,the best of things.Love makes you do, the worst of things,It's a feeling extreme,that doesn't exist in between.
Joy Harjo, Conflict Resolution for Holy Beings: Poems|Bless the poets, the workers for justice, the dancers of ceremony, the singers of heartache, the visionaries, all makers and carriers of fresh meaning—We will all make it through, despite politics and wars, despite failures and misunderstandings. There is only love.
Robin M. King, Memory of Monet|Do you think they’ll ever be a place for us? I mean, do you think there’s a place for someone who lives under the radar, someone who has to pretend, someone who is a spy?” “Yes.” Daly said it with such confidence that I sat up in my bed, my cast dangling over the edge. “How do you know?” I asked. “There has to be. I don’t usually philosophize, but I do know one thing.” “What’s that?” “That even when we’re pretending, even when we’re hiding under wigs or accents or clothes that aren’t our style, we can’t hide our nature. Just like I knew from the moment I met you that you would choose this life. And just like I knew, when you told me about this mission, that you would agree to help the CIA find this girl. You would sacrifice yourself and your time with your brother to save someone. It’s just who you are.” “I’ve already messed things up, Daly. What if I’m not good enough? What if I can’t do it?” “That’s the thing, though. You’ll find a way.” I lay back again and buried the side of my face into my pillow. “I’m just not sure how.” “If you continue to think as you’ve always thought, you’ll continue to get what you’ve always got,” Daly said. I considered that. I wasn’t ready to give up. At least not yet. “That one is Itosu wisdom, in case you wondered.” I yawned into the phone. “It’s good advice.” “I’ll let you go. You should be resting. Don’t you have school in the morning?” He said the last part in a teasing tone. “Yeah, if I make it through another day at school. Maybe they’ll get rid of me—kick me out or something. You’d think I would have inherited some of my mom’s artistic genius.” “Can I give you one last bit of advice, Alex?” “Sure.” “Throw it all out the window.” “What?” I stared at my open window. A slight breeze blew the gauzelike drapes in and out as if they were a living creature. “Everything you’ve learned about art, the lines, the colors, the pictures in your head from other artists—just throw it all out. And throw out everything you’ve learned from books and simulations about being a good spy. Don’t try to be like someone else. Don’t force yourself to follow a set of rules that weren’t meant for you. Those work for 99.99% of the people.” “You’re telling me I’m the .01%?” I asked skeptically. “No, I’m telling you you’re not even on the scale.” Daly’s soft breathing traveled through the phone line. “With a mind like yours, you can’t be put in a box. Or even expected to stand outside it. You were never meant to hold still, Alex. You have to stack all the boxes up and climb and keep climbing until you find you. I’m just saying that Alexandra Stewart will find her own way.” The cool night air brushed the skin of my arm and I wished it was Daly’s hand instead. “You sure have a lot of wisdom tonight,” I told him. I expected him to laugh. Instead, the line went silent for a moment. “Because I’m not there. Because I wish I was.” His words were simple, but his message reached inside my heart and left a warmth—a warmth I needed. “Thank you, James.”“Take care, Alex.” I wanted to say more, to keep him at my ear just a little longer. Yet the words itching to break free couldn’t be said from over two thousand miles away. They needed to happen in person. I wasn’t going home until I found Amoriel. Which meant I had to complete this mission. Not just for Amoriel anymore. I had to do it for me. (page 143)
V.E. Schwab, A Conjuring of Light|And Athos had. He’d broken Holland one bone, one day, one order at a time. Until all Holland wanted, more than the ability to save his world, more than the strength to bring the magic back, more than anything, was for it to end.It was cowardice, he knew, but cowardice came so much easier than hope.
Harvey Broome, Out Under Sky Of Great Smokies: A Personal Journal|May 27, 1941Sunday we encountered specimens of the rarely appearing yellow lady's slipper. This orchis is fragilely beautiful. One tends to think of it almost as a phenomenon, without any roots or place in the natural world. And yet it, too, has had its tough old ancestors which have eluded fires and drought and freezes to pass on in this lovely form the boon of existence. If a plant so delicately lovely can at the same time be so toughly persistent and resistant to all natural enemies, can we doubt that hopes for a better an more rational world may not also withstand all assaults, be bequeathed from generation to generation, and come ultimately to flower?President Roosevelt says he has not lost faith in democracy; nor have I lost faith in the transcendent potentialities of LIFE itself. One has but to look about him to become almost wildly imbued with something of the massive, surging vitality of the earth.
Erik Pevernagie|Hope may inspire and inveigle us, but we cannot just live on hope. Certainly, love can be hope, but it is merely a contingency, since it might either mend our life or break our heart. ("Waiting for the smoke signals")
T.B. LaBerge|And I pray that you no longer seek happiness from the past, but rather you set your sails forward, to a land that is pure and wonderful. I pray that you no longer stare into the shallows of empty promises, but that you dive into the depth of an ocean of guarantees. May you feel the winds of hope, and smell the scent of joy, may your heart be alive again as it was meant to be. For you are with a better captain, you are with a true sailor, a true leader; You are sailing with Christ, and He is always sure to lead us home.
Misuzu Kaneko, Are You an Echo?: The Lost Poetry of Misuzu Kaneko|STARS AND DANDELIONSDeep in the blue sky,like pebbles at the bottom of the sea,lie the stars unseen in daylightuntil night comes. You can't see them, but they are there. Unseen things are still there.The withered, seedless dandelionshidden in the cracks of the roof tilewait silently for spring,their strong roots unseen. You can't see them, but they are there. Unseen things are still there.
Spencer Hastings|You know what they say about hope, it breeds eternal misery
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|If I’m going to have hope, I’m going to have to learn to endure disappointment.
Leonard Gardner, Fat City|Out in the fog, weary, yet buoyant from the drinks, his mind dulled along with his aches and his energy returning, Tully was free of the sense of impending ordeal that had been with him for weeks. He felt whole, self-sufficient, felt his life had at last opened up and that now nothing stood between him and the future's infinite possibilities.
Patrick Ness|There is a brightness on her face and she keeps urging me on with tilts of her head and smiles and I think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, too, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare to the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|She could now be sad without losing a jot of hope. Nay, rather, the least approach of sadness would begin at once to wake her hope. She regretted nothing that had come, nothing that had gone. She believed more and more that not anything worth having is ever lost; that even the most evanescent shades of feeling are safe for those who grow after their true nature, toward that for which they were made—in other and higher words, after the will of God.
Saim .A. Cheeda|That’s the hope, isn’t it? To see your family in your time of dying.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Don't be afraid that things are changing, because indeed they always are.
Merritt Tierce, Love Me Back|Per qualche motivo anche solo assistere mi aveva fatto venir voglia di uccidere qualunque parte di me provasse del desiderio. Qualunque parte di me stesse ancora aspettando qualcosa da qualcuno, speranzosa.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, Prometheus Unbound|No change, no pause, no hope! Yet I endure.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|Go be absolutely, positively, fucking angelic.
Nikki Rowe|The thing is, there is no certainty in this life - in one second your entire world could shift. I'm not saying it will, but I am living proof that It can. We never prepare for tragedy and that's a good thing but my god what's it's taught me is how little we appreciate what we have or some cases once had.
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|Some stories won't have a happy ending, but there's always hope that the next one will. Hope is everything. Even when there's nothing else. Especially when there's nothing else.
Felix Alexander, The Last Valentine|What could you possibly hope to find in a cemetary?" The women said. "The dead tell no secrets and the living seldom come to visit them.
Saleem Haddad|But in the midst of this decaying, burning city, there are pockets of hope. It can be found in the tiny dark rooms in underground bars, where women with short hair cheer on men in dresses. It can be felt in abandoned cinemas where anonymous strangers fall in love if only for a few moments, and in the living rooms where families crowd around, drinking sweet black tea and Skyping their homesick relatives so that together they can watch the long, rambling talk shows that go on all night.
Lauren Wolk, Wolf Hollow|Somewhere, excitement waited for me like an uncut cake.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|If we can’t feel into the heart of grief, we can’t truly move on to experience hope and joy. We can’t be present to what is now, and what is next, because we are bound by the loss and sorrow that holds us to the past. Grief has to flow. It has to be carried, not just by you, but by the others with you, by your community, until it transforms to the next rightful calling of your heart to action.
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|Dad thinks I'm ready to fly around the country as the Ambassador of Hope, but Mom thinks I'm a frail little bird with broken wings.
Balroop Singh|Hope is like sunshine, which is still there, shielded by cloudsHope is that light, which beckons to brighten our daysThe breezy buoyancy of hope stirs us to hold handsThe darkest of clouds disintegrate, says Mother Nature.
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|Hope is made of air, and wishes. An empty box wrapped in shiny paper.And now Dad wants me to be the ambassador of hope for his foundation. How can I be the ambassador of hope, when hope doesn't change anything? When unrealized hopes only bring pain and despair?
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|Hope is made of air, and wishes. An empty box wrapped in shiny paper.
Michel Tournier, The Ogre|All night the angelic made me gasp for breadth and dream of drowning in sand or earth or mud. I got up, my chest still racked, but glad to be finished with the phantasms which magnify a reality difficult enough in itself. Coffee so bitter it was undrinkable. A big roar. Two big roars. No relief. The mornings only consolation was of a faecal nature. Unexpectedly and impeccably i produced a magnificent turd, so long it had to curve at the ends to fit into the bowl. I contemplated fondly the fine chubby little babe of living clay i'd just brought forth, and my zest for life returned.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fierce faith, hopeful heart
Manuel Corazzari|Do not focus on the broken pieces, focus on the whole picture
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|Unstrained, I sit and gaze, glare, survey, starethrough barred windows encased in embroidered steel. Pearly frosted dust obstructs the channels of light, leaving only small pillars of fire, arranged in disordered fragments. The antiquated sallow walls are stained with crimson braids that wreathe and scuttle about the rimes and rifts.
Sunday Adelaja|Only with a relationship with God, can you become light and hope for your country and the whole world
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|There are some of you here today who feel like dead people. It is as if you are already six feet under, staring up at the top of your own locked coffin. This morning Jesus wants to set you free. You simply have to let go of the key and pass it through the little hole, where you see a tiny shaft of light.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Without hope, I wouldn’t even try. Hope lifts me to consider new possibilities so I can stay the course of my desire, no matter what.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|I thank God every day for this life, and I want there to be more, though that’s not known. What is known is that I’m alive today, this minute. And that’s pretty much what we all have – this day, this moment.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Harmony is our natural state of being, and so, when our energies become too stagnant, chaos is thrown into the mix to stimulate what will eventually result in balance and invite flow. The trick is to not let chaos trap or define you… simply allow it to create movement in the vehicle of your life so that you can snap your eyes open and take back control of the wheel. Do not lose yourself in the storm, instead, be the calm in the storm.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|If I’ve learned anything from facing death, it is that life is not meant to be survived. Life is the greatest adventure there is. And why stop your adventuring when someone says the end may be near? The truth is, we never know when the end will actually come. None of us will avoid it forever. What’s the point in trying? Live fearlessly!
Claudia Gray, A Million Worlds with You|Sometimes, hope is even harder to bear than grief.
Jane Nicolet, Letters for Grace: One Mother's Journey|Don't be afraid of the space between what has been and can be. Simply spend a quiet moment to wrap and warm yourself within your own arms . . . then step forward. There is a door just ahead, opening into the light of a new time."​- From Letters for Grace
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|I am fighting to stay alive not because I fear death, but because I love life.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|Acceptance of death and cancer did not mean I intended to give up, just the opposite. I was prepared to fight cancer not out of fear of dying, but out of joy of living.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|Through the Grace of God and His medicine I am healed.” The prayer was accompanied by a vision straight out of Braveheart, a line of Scottish Highland warriors in kilts with huge shields and long spears marching in brave unison and attacking and killing the cancer. They were advancing, towards the cancer, striking and killing it with strong accurate thrusts from their sharp spears. The vision was so strong I could hear marching feet, and visibly see the cancer in me dying. “Through the Grace of God and His medicine I am healed,” became my constant prayer. The prayer awakened with me each day, coming on the wings of the morning. It followed in my heart through the day, and was on my lips as I drifted to sleep at night.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|When I put down Lance Armstrong’s book, I understood something profoundly. Edie, if you can move, you’re not sick. I decided right then and there that no matter what cancer did to me I would continue to move. Movement was what the physical body was designed to do; it was how it coped and functioned. Movement was vitality. It was life.I would move. Always. No matter what. Until my last breath, I would move.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|When I put down Lance Armstrong’s book, I understood something profoundly. Edie, if you can move, you’re not sick. I decided right then and there that no matter what cancer did to me I would continue to move. Movement was what the physical body was designed to do; it was how it coped and functioned. Movement was vitality. It was life. I would move. Always. No matter what. Until my last breath, I would move.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|I started to walk the day I was told I was dying of cancer. I believe walking has kept me alive. I live with a constant, pressing awareness of death. Once I start to walk, I am not afraid anymore; all is well.
George L. Mosse, Nazi Culture: Intellectual, Cultural and Social Life in the Third Reich|Carl Schmitt could boast with some justice that the Nazi revolution was orderly and disciplined. But the reason lies not so much within the Nazis themselves as in the lack of an effective opposition. For millions the Nazi ideology did assuage their anxiety, did end their alienation, and did give hope for a better future. Other millions watched passively, not deeply committed to resistance. "Let them have a chance" was a typical attitude. Hitler took the chance and made the most of it.
Johan Harstad, 172 Hours on the Moon|But I promise you, you guys can do it. In four days you'll be the happiest person Earth has ever seen. You'll stand by the ocean and feel the salty sea spray tingling in your nose. You'll be with people you know and love, and you'all appreciate how beautiful everything is. You'll se cars behind you in your rear view mirror, and maybe you'll laugh at the driver's faces. Because they'll look annoyed, bored, angry. And you'll realize what they're missing. You'll live a long and happy life, Mia. Because when you get home, you'll realize that anything is possible. You mustn't ever forget that.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|I walk to rid myself of the terror of cancer, and to overcome the fear of it coming back. The fear may never completely fade, but actively engaging life – whatever that may involve – reminds me of the joy each day can bring.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Despite all of our incessant tinkering, we can’t manufacture the things we most desperately need. And if perchance we do, they will never be more than pathetically emaciated facsimiles that will leave us emaciated. And until we finally realize that we can only ‘find’ these things, we will never sense any compulsion to ‘find’ God.
Jayne Castel, The Whispering Wind|Your happiness is a beacon of light in my life. Although you may not realize so now, your bright disposition will smooth many paths ahead for you. Whatever happens—don’t ever let that light go out.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Never give up, the hope of living.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without hardships, how could we find hope?
Lailah Gifty Akita|With hope in your heart, endure the hardship.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|I love to walk. Walking is a spiritual journey and a reflection of living. Each of us must determine which path to take and how far to walk; we must find our own way, what is right for one may not be for another. There is no single right way to deal with late stage cancer, to live life or approach death, or to walk an old mission trail.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Seeing the mud around a lotus is pessimism, seeing a lotus in the mud is optimism.
Wendy Mills, All We Have Left|[W]hen something terrible happens, all we have left is choice. You can fill that awful void inside you with anger, or you can fill it with love for the ones who remain beside you, with hope for the future.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|Even when everything hurts, even when other cities are exploding and people we love are disappearing, there’s still space for sweet things.
Leslie Feinberg, Stone Butch Blues|I’m sorry it’s had to be this hard. But if I hadn’t walked this path, who would I be? At the moment I felt at the center of my life, the dream still braided like sweetgrass in my memory. I remembered Duffy’s challenge. Imagine a world worth living in, a world worth fighting for. I closed my eyes and allowed my hopes to soar. I heard the beatings of wings nearby. I opened my eyes. A young man on a nearby rooftop released his pigeons, like dreams, into the dawn.
Martin Luther King Jr.|We are going to win our freedom because both the sacred heritage of our nation and the eternal will of the Almighty God are embodied in our echoing demands. So however difficult it is during this period, however difficult it is to continue to live with the agony and the continued existence of racism, however difficult it is to live amidst the constant hurt, the constant insult and the constant disrespect, I can still sing we shall overcome. We shall overcome because the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends towards justice.We shall overcome because Carlisle is right. "No lie can live forever." We shall overcome because William Cullen Bryant is right. "Truth crushed to earth will rise again." We shall overcome because James Russell Lowell is right. "Truth forever on the scaffold, wrong forever on the throne."   Yet that scaffold sways the future. We shall overcome because the Bible is right.  "You shall reap what you sow." With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith we will be able to speed up the day when all of God's children all over this nation - black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old negro spiritual, "Free at Last, Free at Last, Thank God Almighty, We are Free At Last.
Rico Lamoureux, Power Of The Pen|Because you do it out of passion, as well as hoping it will bring better opportunity. It's like you're investing in yourself, so although you don't see anything up front there's always the possibility that the kind of compensation that is priceless can come later. For someone who's striving to get where they're meant to be, opportunity over a quick buck is something that will always be taken by the wise. Because they know opportunity is king, and all other benefits will follow...
Chinese Proverb|Keep a green tree alive in your heart, and a songbird may come to sing there.
Leslie Feinberg, Stone Butch Blues|I’m not saying we’ll live to see some sort of paradise. But just fighting for change makes you stronger. Not hoping for anything will kill you for sure. Take a chance, Jess. You’re already wondering if the world could change. Try imagining a world worth living in, and then ask yourself if that isn’t worth fighting for. You’ve come too far to give up on hope, Jess.
D.S. Mixell|Living in the moment works sometimes, but when alone, it clouds over your memories and dreams, and those are what I need to survive.
D.S. Mixell|I sometimes find myself sitting here not watching an uninteresting movie and contemplating the future. I don't always know what to do, but I have faith that I'll figure it out somehow.
James R. White, Drawn By The Father: A Study Of John 6:35 45|There is only one way of salvation. Men are sinful rebels against God, by nature, enemies of holiness and He who is holy. Dominated by sin, ruled over by evil, we are helpless to even drag ourselves toward the true and holy God, even if we wanted to! We are dead in sin. "But God, who is rich in mercy, because of the great love which he loved us, even when we were dead in our transgressions, made us alive together with Christ" (Ephesians 2:4-5). The Father, in His infinite mercy and grace, saved us in Christ Jesus.
James R. White|The Christian has been drawn unto Christ. Those who wish to boast in having something to do with their salvation, or who insist that the final decision lays with man, resist the clear meaning of Christ's words, "draw." But this is a wondrous term. It is beautiful to hear. Drawn in love. Drawn in mercy. Drawn unto the one who died in my place. It is sovereign action, undertaken by the one who holds the entire universe by His power. It is an irresistible drawing, most definitely, but is a drawing of grace. The one drawing loves the one who is being drawn. And those drawn can never be thankful enough to God who brought them out of darkness into the marvelous light of Christ.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With patient hope, we can endure any hardship.
Robin Sacredfire|The most important individuals on earth have went underground, either for political, social or personal reasons. Ostracized by a society that ignores their most basic rights, they work alone to save the world. Invisible to the five senses, they work from the most unbelievable places, places where they're hardly found, or when found never recognized. I change country at an average of three to six times a year, and travel to places as unpredictable as Lithuania, Julian Assange is in the Equator's Embassy in England, David Icke lives in a tiny apartment in a Island that few have heard about, and then there are many others that you've never seen or met. Without us, there would be no meaning for hope. We may one day be found and recognized, maybe even get statues and other works of art in our name and that will likely happen after we're gone. So we can't say we're doing it for the money or recognition. We're risking our lives for those that show no appreciation or support, for those that rather spend 10 dollars in a meal than two in a book, for those that to a great extent have ridicule us for a longer time than the one in which they've shown respect.
Jewel, Jewel Spirit|Don't worry mother, it'll be alrightAnd don't worry sister, say your prayers and sleep rightIt'll be fine lover of mineIt'll be just fineLend your voices only to sounds of freedomNo longer lend you strength to that which you wish to be free fromFill your lives with love and braveryAnd you shall lead a live uncommon
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|Her power was a wrenching thing, starless black and sorrow, but my magic was something more...it was hope.
Jane Goodall|I do have hope. Nature is enormously resilient, humans are vastly intelligent, the energy and enthusiasm that can be kindled among young people seems without limit, and he human spirit is indomitable. But if we want life, we will have to stop depending on someone else to save the world. It is up to us-you and me, all of us. Myself, I have placed my faith in the children.
Peggy Toney Horton|As the last curtain falls on a spent year, a new year pirouettes to center stage with the elegance and charm of a prima ballerina – and delivers the promise of peace, hope, love and joy.
Nikki Rowe|I have this one little life to live with, it's not the plan I had in mind but I can accept its the calling of my soul. The irony in gaining freedom through the heartbreak of stillness.
Noam Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival: America's Quest for Global Dominance|Destroying hope is a critically important project. And when it is achieved, formal democracy is allowed—even preferred, if only for public relation purposes. In more honest circles, much of this is conceded. Of course, it is understood much more profoundly by beasts in men's shapes who endure the consequences of challenging the imperatives of stability and order.
Auliq-Ice|Not only do our trials become classrooms that teach us life’s most profound lessons, they add joy and meaning to daily living.
Jules Verne|While there is life, there is hope.
Laura Kinsale, Flowers from the Storm|There was no public to humiliate him here. They already knew he was a lunatic. They expected it. He could burst into howls of insanity, and they would only smile those gentle smiles at him and wrestle him into the chains.
Alexandra Morton, Listening to Whales: What the Orcas Have Taught Us|Chronicling the passage of whales has led me to an understanding that we, as a species, now sand at a crossroads. We can face the possibility of our own extinction and work to avert it, or we can flow the more traditional path of earths organisms and fall blindly over the edge. If there's one trait that characterised human beings, it's the will to survive. This, I believe, will motivate us to work with the natural world rather than opposite it, which is all we need to do to give the children of earth - of all species - the opportunity to thrive.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Without the rocks, the streams will lose their song
Kaleb Kilton|Since birth, life is about stumbling into the unknown by every turn. One hopes there is a grand purpose to it all.Few are lucky to encounter the right people, along the journey.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Fifth Cosmic Seal:(Liber 003 - Seal of Tuzassotama) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is mystically empowered to proclaim himself as "God, Lord, Universal Master or God-Incarnate" on earth and he controls all spirits of the occult kingdoms.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Fourth Cosmic Seal:(Terrestrial Seal 1330 - Seal of Ba-Vara) One who has received this Cosmic Seal (Living Grand Master of the Order of Astral and Terrestrial Hierachy) is empowered to control not less than 100,000,000 spirits and 33,000,000 demi-gods.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Third Cosmic Seal:(Shiva Seal 999 - Seal Destruction) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is empowered to control not less than 2,500,000 spirits which depends on the mastership of one's occult and psychic projections. Women are generally kept at this level with a few women exceeding this level.
Kamand Kojouri|Why do you feel so powerless? Go spend an hour with ants. Each of those black specks you see is a life. One whole life that you can save, take, or affect in some way. You have the power to make so many lives better. It is within you. Don’t lose sight of that.
Belsebuub, The Path of the Spiritual Sun: Celebrating the Solstices and Equinoxes|The Son symbolizes the hope of humanity, bringing light to the darkness of our material existence, and reuniting us with the divinity of our own higher nature.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|To have my hopes raised and dashed again, it's like cold steel twisting in my gut.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Mumbai is the sweet, sweaty smell of hope, which is the opposite of hate; and it's the sour, stifled smell of greed, which is the opposite of love. It's the smell of Gods, demons, empires, and civilizations in resurrection and decay. Its the blue skin-smell of the sea, no matter where you are in the island city, and the blood metal smell of machines. It smells of the stir and sleep and the waste of sixty million animals, more than half of them humans and rats. It smells of heartbreak, and the struggle to live, and of the crucial failures and love that produces courage. It smells of ten thousand restaurants, five thousand temples, shrines, churches and mosques, and of hunderd bazaar devoted exclusively to perfume, spices, incense, and freshly cut flowers. That smell, above all things - is that what welcomes me and tells me that I have come home. Then there were people. Assamese, Jats, and Punjabis; people from Rajasthan, Bengal, and Tamil Nadu; from Pushkar, Cochin, and Konark; warrior caste, Brahmin, and untouchable; Hindi, Muslim, Christian, Buddhist, Jain, Parsee, Animist; fair skin and dark, green eyes and golden brown and black; every different face and form of that extravagant variety, that incoparable beauty, India.
C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy|I who know many present things by my art," replied the Hermit with a smile, "have yet little knowledge of things future. Therefore I do not know whether any man or woman or beast in the whole world will be alive when the sun sets tonight. But be of good hope. The damsel is likely to live as long as any her age.
Amanda Craig|It’s not by accident that people talk of a state of confusion as not being able to see the wood for the trees, or of being out of the woods when some crisis is surmopunted. It is a place of loss, confusion, terror and anger, a place where you can, like Dante, find yourself going down into Hell. But if it’s any comfort, the dark wood isn’t just that. It’s also a place of opportunity and adventure. It is the place in which fortunes can be reversed, hearts mended, hopes reborn.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|There are seven occult kingdoms in the universe, which are the kingdoms of Satan and the fallen angels. There are various planes, zones, realms and centers as well as deities, gods and lords. The Five Cosmic Seals (occult levels) are the universal summary of the 400,000 categories of occult initiations, powers and demons (Astrometaphysical Operations). There are male and female, neuter and mermaid spirits (demons or Cosmic Forces).
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|There are occult Esoteric Metaphysics (the secret and most confidential aspect of occult teachings) and Mystical Sciences practiced by mystical adepts, Living Grand Masters. This is the cosmological verdict of the Order of Astral and Terrestrial Hierarchy universal occult recognition. Exoteric is public occult teachings. An Adept uses the Technique of the Master. Hell is called After-Life-Hallucination. There are entities, spirits, demons, demi-gods, Archangels and other names for evil beings. A Guru is a spiritual Master.
Constance  Hall, Like A Queen|I wish I could tell every single woman with depression or anxiety or who has gotten herself into a situation that she doesn't think she can get out of, that something life-changing could be around the corner. You just have to wait, it will come, this slump isn't forever.
Kamand Kojouri|You want help? Ask for help. You want love? Ask for love. If you want anything from the universe, anything from yourself, you must first ask.
Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions|Hope is a slighter, tougher thing even than trust, he thought, pacing his room as the soundless, vague lightning flashed overhead. In a good season one trusts life; in a bad season one only hopes, But they are of the same essence: they are the mind's indispensable relationship with other minds, with the world, and with time. Without trust, a man lives, but not a human life; without hope, he dies. When there is no relationship, where hands do not touch, emotion atrophies in void and intelligence goes sterile and obsessed. Between men the only link left is that of owner to slave, or murderer to victim.
Nick Vujicic, Life Without Limits|Believe me, the loss of hope is far worse than the loss of limbs.
Theodore Roosevelt|Believe you can, and you're halfway there.
Asma Naqi|The most important lesson life has taught me: Nothing can kill us other than death itself. So, be fearless, take chances, step out of your comfort zone, spread your wings and soar high. Live while you are alive.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|You walk by faith and not by sight, because you do not hope for your future; instead, you envision it with detail, clarity, and confidence. Your expectations for what is to come and for other people are built on solid foundations, creating higher standards and greater value in your life, relationships, family, and friends.
Emmoduro|Human ia such that everyone leaves you to your fate during your darkest moments even those you could trust with your life. But in as much as you love and care for them you need to start cutting off all strings that tie you to them and groom those few that firmly stand by you through these times. And surely just as the sun set for the moon to rise, that same sun will rise once again and shine brighter than it used to be.
Nick Vujicic, Life Without Limits|Without trust in the possibilities for your life, where would you be? Where would any of us be? Our hopes for the future give us momentum.
Emmoduro|With great emptiness and a vacuum none can fill we push on through the shadows, complied to walk in the darkness and never allowed to appreciate it with the hope of a light unseen but we will still get there.
Christina Hopp, The Morning After Relapse|Your breaking point will be a bloody refuge, not a clean slate.
Fredrik Backman, Britt-Marie Was Here|Sometimes it's easier to go on living, not even knowing who you are, when at least you know precisely where you are while you go on not knowing.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Seals:The Five Cosmic Seals are five occult Level 333, 666, 999, 1330 and 003 operating 400,000 minuet mystical degrees.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|First Cosmic Seal:(Devic Seal 333) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is empowered to control not less than 40,000 spirits.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Second Cosmic Seal:(Seal of Karl 666) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is empowered to control not less than 160,000 spirits. Many great politicians, military commanders, etc. on earth are at this occult level of operations. This will be the occult level of Antichrist.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|Where the cheerful childrenof unwritten poems,play all around,you will find me there.
Eleanor Brownn|Always count your blessings, even if you have to count them through your tears
Martha Gellhorn|It is high time that I learn to be more careful about hope, a reckless emotion for travelers. The sensible approach would be to the expect the worst, the very worst, that way you avoid grievous disappointment and who knows with a tiny bit of luck, you might even have a moderately pleasant surprise, like the difference between hell and purgatory.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|To those who, in spite of everything, still choose goodness.
John  Myer, John Myer: A Collection of his Sermons and Writing, #1|History has seen many who claim to be deliverer and saviour of the people. They might come with force and violence and parade their might and splendour as conquerors. The pharaohs of Egypt, Sennacherib king of Assyria, Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon, Darius of Persia, Alexander the Great, Hannibal, Napoleon, Clive of India, Bismarck, the Kaiser, Hitler, Stalin. The story and scene is always the same. They claim to deliver the people from bondage and to establish justice, freedom and peace. They come in might, riding in splendour, dragging prisoners.
Ben Ehrenreich, The Way to the Spring: Life and Death in Palestine|Despair is not solid. Neither is joy. They alternate, and contain each other. There is no joy that is not also touched by sorrow, no grief that is not rendered sharper by the memory of bliss. If things move forward in one direction and not another, they do so by rolling there, passing through the same tight orbit, touching here an ecstasy, there another shattering loss.
Deborah J. Johnson|Courage comes from a surrendered heart,a prepared mind, and a good conscience.
Moonshine Noire|(...) ha! what is hope? a butterfly in a boxof demons, and nothing escapes the darkuntainted, a mockery of politics and greedstamped with treason and dipped inmyths and force-fed brainwashinggoing off after a time for the grandmassacre of faith, humanity, and still we search, scorched feetfor life but find only fake plastic treessatirical, ludicrous, and ironic
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|Life took longer to reassemble than it did to blow apart, but that didn't mean it wouldn't be lovely, providing that one remembered to go for country walks, and to tune the wireless to music.
Viviana Giorgi, E infine la Bestia incontrò Bella|«Proprio un elfo snob doveva toccarmi in sorte?» le rispose divertito. «Allora, non mi rimane altra scelta che portarti in campeggio, prima o poi, o in canoa o a fare una nuotata nel lago.»Lei lo fissò con la sua più riuscita espressione Scordartelo disegnata sul volto.«Puoi guardarmi come vuoi, ma mai dire mai» ridacchiò lui.«Oh, invece mai è una delle mie parole preferite.» «Scommetto che ti piacerebbe…»«Cosa?»«Il campeggio. Le stelle, il silenzio, le foglie che mormorano al vento, sai, quelle cose lì.» «Per non parlare di orsi, insetti e magari di qualche serpente che ha perso la strada di casa. Mi vengono i brividi solo a pensarci. Sono un elfo cittadino a tutti gli effetti e ho il terrore di tutto ciò che si muove e che non sia addomesticabile.»Lui la fissò con aria divertita. «Incluso il sottoscritto?»Le si era avvicinato troppo e ora la fissava come se volesse divorarla, in modo così sfacciato che, per puro istinto di sopravvivenza, arretrò di un passo. Non abbassò lo sguardo ma per qualche attimo non seppe cosa rispondergli. Non che avesse dubbi che la categoria esseri viventi non addomesticabili e pericolosi includesse anche lui, almeno a dar retta a tutte quelle farfalle che le svolazzavano nello stomaco, ma come avrebbe potuto rispondergli sì? Così gli sorrise a sua volta, pronta all’ennesima bugia.«Sono convinta, predatore, che tu, nonostante i grugniti e i continui brontolii e la tua probabile parentela con un grizzly, sia molto addomesticabile.»Lui alzò un sopracciglio, con un’espressione da schiaffi da premio Oscar.
Upton Sinclair, Dragon's Teeth I|They wish to build a new and better world, and I would be glad if they could succeed, and if I saw any hope of success I would join them. I ask for their plans, and they offer me vague dreams, in which as a man of affairs, I see no practicality. Is is like the the end of Das Rheingold: there is Valhalla, very beautiful, but only a rainbow bridge on which to get to it, and while the gods ma be able to walk on a rainbow, my investors and working people cannot.
Virginia Alison|What am I searching for? Maybe its the beliefs I had as a child, that the world is a nice place, that people are genuinely who they say they are, that life is not simply what it is, where the sun shines and the stars glitter for me. Where am I going? I do not know but maybe I am just searching for those beliefs that lead to a happy ending...
Ross  Turner, Midnight|She didn’t know how this ended, she just knew that it needed to, one way or another.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|One could always imagine that one's life, though smoldering in parts, might be undamaged in the west.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|One could always imagine that one's life, though smoldering parts, might be undamaged in the west." "We also serve who live with grace." "If there had been more time, or less, it all would have been easier. If its an hour one can say what one likes. If it's a year, one can be what one is like. A day is exactly the wrong lenght of time to be oneself in, don't you think?" "In the end I suppose we lay flowers on a grave because we cannot lay ourselves on it." "The dead were filthy, half buried, sometimes barely distinguishable from the mud or the rubble they lay in. One didn't understand, until one had seen a great many bodies, the unconscious effort that one must be making every minute simply to keep one's hands and face and clothes clean. The world's surfaces were so filthy that the living touched them only with the tips of their fingers and the soles of their shoes. How grubby it was to die, to give up making that effort." Life took longer to reassemble than it did to blow apart, but that didn't mean it wouldn't be lovely, providing that one remembered to go for country walks, and to tune the wireless to music.
Michael Rogers, Seraphic Gate|When you're alone, you harbour one hundred percent all off the good things. But this also means that you harbour all the bad things. I learnt my own goals slowed down when I was with others, but having shared the good things, sharing the pain, having that friendship excelled what I alone couldn't do. It doesn't need to be logical, friendships are a part of life, and when is that logical? Life doesn't make sense, but you don't have to live it alone.
Tim Liwanag, Why Jesus Came To Hell|Perhaps you are experiencing 'hell on earth' right now, but you and I are not hopeless. We are not in a desperate state. You don't have to fear any future hell as well. Jesus has the keys already. He has the power over death and the grave. He is alive forevermore! Look to that. Rest on that always.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|The day hope shall die, perplexity shall kill so many people. In so far as hope is alive, keep hoping!
Auliq-Ice|Together, life can bloom into something unimaginable!
Auliq-Ice|Time of failure is a more manageable chunk of time that allows you to pick up speed and momentum, but close enough that you don’t lose sight of the shore or feel overwhelmed by the enormity of the goal.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.”~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive
Aaron Lauritsen|From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.”~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive
Prajakta Mhadnak|Walking through darkness with thoughts full of colors".
Liza M. Wiemer|When the well's nearly dry and you're not sure you have the strength to persevere, fill up on love and friendship, then take another step, and then another, until you reach your goal.
Karla Campos|I'm convinced my heart knew who it belonged to, long before I met her.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Be a team player, not a bandwagon jumper.
Primo Levi, Survival in Auschwitz|It is lucky that it is not windy today. Strange, how in some way one always has the impression of being fortunate, how some chance happening perhaps infinitesimal, stops us crossing the threshold of despair and allows us to live. It is raining, but it is not windy.
Melody Carlson, The Christmas Shoppe|New life, new hope, new joy will start when this is given from the heart.
Ratish Edwards|Sometimes I think if I could do all the things that I stopped doing, meet all the friends that I left due to time, money and other unavoidable circumstances. Continue all my passions at least once. Then my life would be more justified than today. Then I could be finally at peace at the time I finally leave this world.
Samantha Wood|The boy went ahead with the dog, trudging across the sand, maintaining the same lethargic pace. She watched them go. And as she rinsed the sand from the board, she felt restored, somehow lighter. She wanted her old life back, just the two of them, before all the drama. But it wasn't possible. So she'd have to make do with moments like these: perfect and fleeting.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|Maybe it was impossible. But maybe it wasn't. Like Vikus said, nothing would happen unless you hoped it could. If you had hope, maybe you could find the way to make things change. Because if you thought about it, there were so many reasons to try.
William Styron|E quindi uscimmo a riveder le stelle.And so we came forth, and once again beheld the stars.
Tite Kubo, Bleach―ブリーチ― 74 [Burīchi 74]|... What of this "despair?" I know it all too well... because up until now... I've climbed up, kicked it in it's teeth, and surpassed it... over and over again just to make it to this very moment!
Michael  Grant, Plague|It’s time,” Jack said.“Breeze? Count the kids,” Sam said.Brianna was back in twenty seconds. “Eighty-two, boss.”“About a third,” Jack observed. “A third of what’s left.”“Wait. Make that eighty-eight,” Brianna said. “And a dog.”Lana, looking deeply irritated—a fairly usual expression for her—and Sanjit, looking happy—a fairly usual expression for him—and Sanjit’s siblings were trotting along to catch up.“I don’t know if we’re staying up there or not,” Lana said without preamble. “I want to check it out. And my room smells like crap.”Just before the time was up, Sam heard a stir. Kids were making a lane for someone, murmuring. His heart leaped.“Hey, Sam.”He swallowed the lump in his throat. “Diana?”“Not expecting me, huh?” She made a wry face. “Where’s blondie? I didn’t see her at the big pep rally.”“Are you coming with us?” Brianna demanded, obviously not happy about it.“Is Caine okay with this?” Sam asked Diana. “It’s your choice, but I need to know if he’s going to come after us to take you back.”“Caine has what he wants,” Diana said.“Maybe I should call Toto over,” Sam said. The truth teller was having a conversation with Spidey. “I could ask you whether you’re coming along to spy for Caine, and see what Toto has to say.”Diana sighed. “Sam, I have bigger problems than Caine. And so do you, I guess. Because the FAYZ is going to do something it’s never done before: grow by one.”“What’s that mean?”“You are going to be an uncle.”Sam stared blankly. Brianna said a very rude word. And even Dekka looked up.“You’re having a baby?” Dekka asked.“Let’s hope so,” Diana said bleakly. “Let’s hope that’s all it is.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|The freedom of the open road is seductive, serendipitous and absolutely liberating.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|We love our partners for who they are, not for who they are not.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Travel is costly yes, but it pays dividends too.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.
Katy Evans, Womanizer|If he's ever loved, if he's even been loved. if he even wants to be. But don't we all want to? Even when you think you don't want to,there's this feeling of waiting in the back of your head. Of waiting for that to happen. To know what it's like and to be swept away.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Without struggle, success has no value.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|God is my strength and my defense. When I am weak, he makes me strong. When I am broken, he makes me whole.
Jerome Groopman, The Anatomy of Hope: How People Prevail in the Face of Illness|Hope is one of our central emotions, but we are often at a loss when asked to define it. Many of us confuse hope with optimism, a prevailing attitude that "things turn out for the best." But hope differs from optimism. Hope does not arise from being told to "Think Positively," or from hearing an overly rosy forecast. Hope, unlike optimism, is rooted in unalloyed reality. Although there is no uniform definition of hope, I found on that seemed to capture what my patients had taught me. Hope is the elevating feeling we experience when we see - in the mind's eye- a path to a better future. Hope acknowledges the significant obstacles and deep pitfalls along that path. True hope has no room for delusion.
Maquita Donyel Irvin|...unforgivingly, and forcefully magnificent...
Richard Paul Evans, Lost December|The pages continue to turn, and every day I'm a little older, hopefully a little wiser and a lot more grateful. Do I have regrets? I have a few - but not as many as you might think. If it hadn't been for the darkness, I never would have known the light. In life we all take different paths, some more difficult than others, but in the end, all that matters is whether or not they lead us home.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The hands of man can manufacture many things both penetratingly brilliant and utterly astounding. Yet, despite their amazing dexterity and profound skill they cannot manufacture hope. Such a masterpiece as that is left for the hands of God and a manger crafted by those hands.
Trix Wilkins, The Courtship of Jo March: a variation of Louisa May Alcott's Little Women|We speak of course, of that most precious of treasures,That no amount of wealth can purchase,and no amount of force can secure,That does not shine as gold or jewels,yet is brighter than the rarest of stones,Is filled not with brief feeling,fleeting gestures nor empty promises,But rather of patience and kindness;of humility, hope, and perseverance,We speak, of course, of love.
Chip St. Clair, The Butterfly Garden: Surviving Childhood on the Run with One of America's Most Wanted|I often think of life as a great darkened room with a mammoth-sized tapestry fastened to a stone wall. I believe true peace can be achieved not in viewing the whole tapestry, but in accepting without bitterness those portions we have been afforded the luxury to see.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you can defeat your own calamity, you will be a hope for others and thus you can defeat the calamity of others too!
Ross  Turner, Reaper|Marcii hoped she was wrong, though she knew the odds were slim.Still, in the face of everything, there is always hope.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|She does know Harrison prefers men, right?”“Let her have hope,” I said, smiling to myself.He turned his attention back to me. “Yes. Hope is good. Bianca, I-” He grinned wickedly. “I knew you’d give in sooner or later.” He put his hand on my knee and ran it smoothly up my thigh. “You’re finally going to admit that you love me, aren’t you?”I swatted his hand away. “First of all,” I began, “I don’t love you. I love my family and maybe even Casey and Jessica, but romantic love takes years upon years to develop. So I don’t love you. But I will admit, I’ve thought a lot about you lately and I definitely have feelings for you… feelings other than hatred for the most part. And maybe it’s possible-in the future-that I… could love you.” I hesitated, a little scared of the words that’d just left my mouth. “But I still want to kill you most of the time.
Anonymous|He has one in a million chance of being with her, yet he dreams about that single chance every night.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Hope just means another world might be possible, not promise, not guaranteed. Hope calls for action; action is impossible without hope.
Compton Gage|Cleave to the common good. We are all responsible for bringing about the time of great suffering, for its continuing.
Compton Gage|If one billion of you watch and do not intercede as one million of you assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one billion of you are a billion times guilty.
Compton Gage|You are judged many times more by what you do in groups than for what you do as individuals. If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.
