Ann Aguirre, Aftermath|For I need this scar over my heart to remind me. Crazy as it sounds, if I can bear the wound on my body, it lessens what I must carry on my soul. How he knew that about me, I cannot fathom.
David Almond|The season of evil," I echoed. "Protect your soul.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Master, where will you go after your soul leaves your body?Master of Stupidity: What makes you think a soul will go elsewhere physically?
Danielle Steel, Wanderlust|There was something much greater she needed to feed her soul, and perhaps one day soon she would go...
Edith Hamilton|I came to the Greeks early, and I found answers in them. Greece's great men let all their acts turn on the immortality of the soul. We don't really act as if we believed in the soul's immortality and that's why we are where we are today.
Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight|It was a kiss to level mountains and shake stars from the sky. It was a kiss to make angels faint and demons weep...a passionate, demanding, soul-searing kiss that nearly knocked the earth off its axis.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|THE soul should always stand ajar, That if the heaven inquire,He will not be obliged to wait, Or shy of troubling her.Depart, before the host has slid The bolt upon the door,To seek for the accomplished guest, -- Her visitor no more.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|On this material plane, each living being is like a street lantern lamp with a dirty lampshade.The inside flame burns evenly and is of the same quality as all the rest—hence all of us are equal in the absolute sense, the essence, in the quality of our energy.However, some of the lamps are “turned down” and having less light in them, burn fainter, (the beings have a less defined individuality, are less in tune with the universal All which is the same as the Will)—hence all of us are unequal in a relative sense, some of us being more aware (human beings), and others being less aware (animal beings), with small wills and small flames.The lampshades of all are stained with the clutter of the material reality or the physical world.As a result, it is difficult for the light of each lamp to shine through to the outside and it is also difficult to see what is on the other side of the lampshade that represents the external world (a great thick muddy ocean of fog), and hence to “feel” a connection with the other lantern lamps (other beings).The lampshade is the physical body immersed in the ocean of the material world, and the limiting host of senses that it comes with.The dirt of the lampshade results from the cluttering bulk of life experience accumulated without a specific goal or purpose.The dirtier the lampshade, the less connection each soul has to the rest of the universe—and this includes its sense of connection to other beings, its sense of dual presence in the material world and the metaphysical world, and the thin connection line to the wick of fuel or the flow of electricity that resides beyond the material plane and is the universal energy.To remain “lit” each lantern lamp must tap into the universal Source of energy.If the link is weak, depression and-or illness sets in.If the link is strong, life persists.This metaphor to me best illustrates the universe.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|I now, weak, old, diseased, poor, dying, hold still my soul in my hands, and I regret nothing.
Michael Flynn, Eifelheim|The soul is the form of the body, but not as the shape of a statue is formatio et terminatio materiae, for form does not exist apart from material. There is no whiteness without a white object. But the soul is not a form in this simple sense, and in particular, is not the shape of the material it informs. Therefore, the shape of a being does not affect the being's soul, for then something lower would inform something higher, which is impossible.
Reshall Varsos|Intimacy is not purely physical. It's the act of connecting with someone so deeply, you feel like you can see into their soul.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|I worship her, Alyosha, worship her. Only she doesn't see it. No, she still thinks I don't love her enough. And she tortures me, tortures me with her love. The past was nothing! In the past it was only that infernal body of hers that tortured me, but now I've taken all her soul into my soul and through her I've become a man. Will they marry us? If they don't I will die of jealousy. I imagine something every day...
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|Play me something that makes me feel;This soul inside me is made of steel.Brain is breathing, but heart’s not beatingAnd, babe, I need you to make things real.Walk inside me without silence,Kill the past and change the tense.Empty gnawing and the ache is soaring;Take me places that make more sense.
Kevin Brockmeier, The View from the Seventh Layer|You have a pet theory, one you have been turning over for years, that life itself is a kind of Rube Goldberg device, an extremely complicated machine designed to carry out the extremely simple task of constructing your soul.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy|Besides this I place another equally obvious confirmation of my view that opera is based on the same principles as our Alexandrian culture. Opera is the birth of the theoretical man, the critical layman, not of the artist: one of the most surprising facts in the history of all the arts. It was the demand of throughly unmusical hearers that before everything else the words must be understood, so that according to them a rebirth of music is to be expected only when some mode of singing has been discovered in which textword lords it over counterpoint like master over servant: For the words, it is argued, are as much nobler than the accompanying harmonic system as the soul is nobler than the body.
Stacey Kade|I couldn't loose somebody else like that, without even the chance to say good-bye. Not again. Not her.
A.M. Homes, May We Be Forgiven|How can I tell anyone that there has always lived within me a rusty sense of disgust-a dull, brackish water that I suspect is my soul?
P.G. Wodehouse, Doctor Sally|Suiffy, have you ever felt a sort of strange emptiness in the heart? A sort of aching void of the soul?''Oh, rather!''What do you do about it?''I generally take a couple of cocktails.
Sarah McLean, Soul-Centered: Transform Your Life in 8 Weeks with Meditation|When you are soul-centered, you can focus your attention where and when you want to, easily, without distraction. You know to look for what you want to see and experience. You know that what you seek you shall find, and what you focus on in life will be more prominent in your awareness. You know your awareness is powerful and creative." ~ Sarah McLean
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't lose hope. If your hope gets lost, the other side called "failure" begins to win! The quickest medicine to heal a depressed soul is to command; "arise my soul and praise the Lord". Hope is the clothe piece in which wraps a healthy soul!
Angie karan|Always listen to your soul and feel the purity of that moment - no matter how sad or joyful - because it will speak to you further... a healing an understanding, a perspective or more will come out of it. Only because you listened.
Anton Chekhov, Selected Stories|They say philosophers and wise men are indifferent. Wrong. Indifference is a paralysis of the soul, a premature death.
Roman Payne|The green-eyed angel came in less than a half hour and fell docile as a lamb into my arms. We kissed and caressed, I met no resistance when I unlaced the strings to free her dress and fill myself in the moist and hot bed nature made between her thighs. We made love outdoors—without a roof, I like most, without stove, my favorite place, assuming the weather be fair and balmy, and the earth beneath be clean. Our souls intertwined and dripping with dew, and our love for each other was seen. Our love for the world was new.
David Whyte|...wanting soul life without the dark, warming intelligence of personal doubt is like expecting an egg without the brooding heat of the mother hen.
Bahaa Taher, الحب في المنفى|Misery is a scar on the soul, that if it begins in childhood, it lasts the whole lifetime. I understand that no two scars are alike, but I also ask myself; even if these scars are not alike, aren’t these things engraved on our souls signed by which we know each other?Aren’t we also alike?
Hermann Hesse, Beneath the Wheel|When a tree is polled, it will sprout new shoots nearer its roots. A soul that is ruined in the bud will frequently return to the springtime of its beginnings and its promise-filled childhood, as though it could discover new hopes there and retie the broken threads of life. The shoots grow rapidly and eagerly, but it is only a sham life that will never be a genuine tree.
Ilyas Kassam|We think to dance, and dance in thought. But to hibernate in the mind, is to bring upon us an apocalypse of the Soul.
Sara Teasdale|I would not have a god come in To shield me suddenly from sin, And set my house of life to rights; Nor angels with bright burning wings Ordering my earthly thoughts and things; Rather my own frail guttering lights Wind blown and nearly beaten out; Rather the terror of the nights And long, sick groping after doubt; Rather be lost than let my soul Slip vaguely from my own control -- Of my own spirit let me be In sole though feeble mastery.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|And as for the vague something --- was it a sinister or a sorrowful, a designing or a desponding expression? --- that opened upon a careful observer, now and then, in his eye, and closed again before one could fathom the strange depth partially disclosed; that something which used to make me fear and shrink, as if I had been wandering amongst volcanic-looking hills, and had suddenly felt the ground quiver, and seen it gape: that something, I, at intervals, beheld still; and with throbbing heart, but not with palsied nerves. Instead of wishing to shun, I longed only to dare --- to divine it; and I thought Miss Ingram happy, because one day she might look into the abyss at her leisure, explore its secrets and analyse their nature.
Walt Whitman|Songs of myselfI am the poet of the Body and I am the poet of the Soul, The pleasures of heaven are with me and the pains of hell are with me, The first I graft and increase upon myself, the latter I translate into new tongue. I am the poet of the woman the same as the man, And I say it is as great to be a woman as to be a man,..
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|She discovered that underneath the aspect of the Rumpled Porcupine, a tortured Marxist was at war with an impossible, incurable Romantic - who forgot the candles, who broke the wine glasses, who forgot the ring. Who made love to her with a passion that took her breath away. She had always thought of herself as a somewhat uninteresting, thick-waisted, thick ankled girl. Not bad-looking. Not special. But when she was with Chacko, old limits were pushed back. Horizons expanded.She had never before met a man who spoke of the workd - of what it was, and how it came to be, or what he thought would become of it - in the way in which other men she knew discussed their jobs, their friends or their weekends at the beach.Being with Chacko made Margaret Kochamma feel as though her soul had escaped from the narrow confines of her island country, into the vast extravagant spaces of his. He made her feel as though the world belonged to them - as though it lay before thm like an opened frog on a dissecting table, begging to be examined.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|No matter how many leaves would the tree of your soul have in front of the intense heat in the words of Time in this world, they can never shade the eternity lost inside you.
Saul Bellow, Ravelstein|He didn't ask "Where will you spend eternity?" as religious the-end-is-near picketers did but rather, "With what, in this modern democracy, will you meet the demands of your soul?
Aristotle|The female is, as it were, a mutilated male, and the catamenia are semen, only not pure; for there is only one thing they have not in them, the principle of soul.
John Cassian, Making Life a Prayer: Selected Writings|Let us not believe that an external fast from visible food alone can possibly be sufficient for perfection of heart and purity of body unless with it there has also been united a fast of the soul. For the soul also has its foods that are harmful. Slander is its food and indeed one that is very dear to it. A burst of anger also supplies it with miserable food for an hour and destroys it as well with its deadly savor. Envy is food of the mind, corrupting it with its poisonous juices and never ceasing to make it wretched and miserable at the prosperity and success of another. Vanity is its food which gratifies the mind with a delicious meal for a time but afterward strips it clear and bare of all virtue. Then vanity dismisses it barren and void of all spiritual fruit. All lust and shift wanderings of heart are a sort of food for the soul, nourishing it on harmful meats but leaving it afterwards without a share of its heavenly bread and really solid food. If then, with all the powers we have, we abstain from these in a most holy fast our observance of the bodily fast will be both useful and profitable.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|To know intense joy without a strong bodily frame, one must have an enthusiastic soul.
Charlotte Brontë|At that time, I well remember whatever could excite - certain accidents of the weather, for instance, were almost dreaded by me, because they woke the being I was always lulling, and stirred up a craving cry I could not satisfy. One night a thunder-storm broke; a sort of hurricane shook us in our beds: the Catholics rose in panic and prayed to their saints. As for me, the tempest took hold of me with tyranny: I was roughly roused and obliged to live. I got up and dressed myself, and creeping outside the basement close by my bed, sat on its ledge, with my feet on the roof of a lower adjoining building. It was wet, it was wild, it was pitch dark. Within the dormitory they gathered round the night-lamp in consternation, praying loud. I could not go in: too resistless was the delight of staying with the wild hour, black and full of thunder, pealing out such an ode as language never delivered to man - too terribly glorious, the spectacle of clouds, split and pierced by white and blinding bolts.
Herman Melville, Pierre: or, the Ambiguities|…for it is often to be observed of the shallower men, that they are the very last to despond. It is the glory of the bladder that nothing can sink it; it is the reproach of a box of treasure, that once overboard it must drown
Criss Jami, Healology|Like most arts, the link between the mind and the pen can chain you like an enslaved workaholic. Even on an intended vacation you suddenly have this killer urge to record whatever the vacation may teach.
Nikki Rowe|You're growing and that scares people, it frightens the shit out of them because they know if they don't step up within themselves you'll move forward with out them. When this happens, don't you dare settle to suit the mould - have courage to live without one.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Master, what will happen to the men right after their death ?Master of Stupidity: They live with a same or different part of their consciousness.
Angie karan|Always listen to your soul... it speaks to you, only if you listen!
Oscar Wilde, De Profundis|The final mystery is oneself. When one has weighed the sun in the balance, and measured the steps of the moon, and mapped out the seven heavens star by star, there still remains oneself. Who can calculate the orbit of his own soul?
Kahlil Gibran|Seven times have I despised my soul: The sixth time when she despised the ugliness of a face, and knew not that it was one of her own masks.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|If her soul ever leaks, I want it to land on me.
Charlotte Brontë|Where my soul went during that swoon I cannot tell. Whatever she saw, or wherever she travelled in her trance on that strange night she kept her own secret; never whispering a word to Memory, and baffling imagination by an indissoluble silence. She may have gone upward, and come in sight of her eternal home, hoping for leave to rest now, and deeming that her painful union with matter was at last dissolved. While she so deemed, an angel may have warned her away from heaven's threshold, and, guiding her weeping down, have bound her, once more, all shuddering and unwilling, to that poor frame, cold and wasted, of whose companionship she was grown more than weary.I know she re-entered her prison with pain, with reluctance, with a moan and a long shiver. The divorced mates, Spirit and Substance, were hard to re-unite: they greeted each other, not in an embrace, but a racking sort of struggle.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Christ knew that by bread alone you cannot reanimate man. If there were no spiritual life, no ideal of Beauty, man would pine away, die, go mad, kill himself or give himself to pagan fantasies. And as Christ, the ideal of Beauty in Himself and his Word, he decided it was better to implant the ideal of Beauty in the soul. If it exists in the soul, each would be the brother of everyone else and then, of course, working for each other, all would also be rich. Whereas if you give them bread, they might become enemies to each other out of boredom.
Stephen Mosley|At night I lay awake, her likeness casting dark shadows across my soul and senses, and my stomach throbbing away. I imagined her arms around me, lulling me into a phantom bliss, so frustrating, so unreal.
Stacey Kade|Do you have any idea who Erin was kissing?""Yeah, so we'll brush out teeth really, really thoroughly afterwards," I said, bumping her nose with mine gently. I wasn't going to let anyone spoil this moment.
Kelly Minter, No Other gods: Confronting Our Modern Day Idols|What a person has is of no consequence, whether much or little, when it comes to the deep satisfaction of the soul. Apart from Christ, the rich and beautiful, and the poor and unlovely, will all end up in precisely the same misery.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|I was only going to say that heaven did not seem to be my home; and I broke my heart with weeping to come back to earth; and the angels were so angry that they flung my out into the middle of the heath on the top of Wuthering Heights; where I woke sobbing for joy. That will do to explain my secret, as well as the other. I've no more business to marry Edgar Linton than I have to be in heaven; and if the wicked man in there had not brought Heathcliff so low, I shouldn't have thought of it. It would degrade me to marry Heathcliff now; so he shall never know how I love him: and that, not because he's handsome, but because he's more myself than I am. What ever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same; and Linton's is as different as a moonbeam from lightning, or frost from fire.'Ere this speech ended, I became sensible of Heathcliff's presence. Having noticed a slight movement, I turned my head, and saw him rise from the bench, and steal out noiselessly. He had listened till he heard Catherine say it would degrade her to marry him, and then he stayed to hear no further.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|She felt like parts of her soul were missing, had left her body long ago. It had happened not in Greece three months ago, but long before that. It was in Greece that she'd realized those parts had left her and were not coming back.
Aleksandar Hemon|I gradually became aware that my interiority was inseparable from my exteriority, that the geography of my city was the geography of my soul.
Thomas   Moore, Original Self: Living with Paradox and Originality|Gnostic tales tell of the homesickness of the soul, its yearning for its own milieu…
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Prepare to evacuate soul in five, in four, three, two, one.
Flannery O'Connor, Wise Blood|His friends told him that nobody was interested in his goddam soul unless it was the priest and he managed to answer that no priest taking orders from no pope was going to tamper with his soul. They told him he didn't have any soul and left for the brothel.He took a long time to believe them because he wanted to believe them. All he wanted was to believe them and get rid of it once and for all, and he saw opportunity here to get rid of it without corruption, to be converted to nothing instead of to evil. The army sent him halfway around the world and forgot him. He was wounded and they remembered him long enough to take the shrapnel out of his chest - they said they took it out but they never showed it to him and he felt it still in there, rusted, and poisoning him - and then they sent him to another desert and forgot him again. He had all the time he could want to study his soul in and assure himself that it was not there. When he was thoroughly convinced, he saw that this was something that he had always known.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Essence of any creature encompasses more than one realm.Here now this body, is a vehicle of my essence in this universe.
Thea Euryphaessa, Running Into Myself|Stories are psycho-diagnostic ― they diagnose the condition of our psyches. When we watch, read or hear a story, whatever detail jumps out reflects an issue in our psyche that requires our attention.
Sarah Bartlett, Mythical Lovers, Divine Desires: The World's Great Love Legends|We have been cut off from our souls in the West, and because romantic love has become our religion, we think we can find fulfillment through this extraordinary and powerful force that draws us into an illusion of permanence. Passion makes us feel alive, makes us sing, makes us feel in touch with something powerful and wonderful, just as it would if we followed this meaning in life in a more spiritual practice. In the West it is often through such relationships, through another human being, that we search desperately for something, not knowing it is to be found within ourselves.
Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul|While the powers of the Primal Cause lie in causation, it shows itself in process through thoughts, perception and conception. It is the power of the Primal Cause to decipher what is perceived from the ordered plane and conceive judgments through thoughts from the unordered.
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|As it is with spiritual discoveries and affections given at first conversion, so it is in all subsequent illuminations and affections of that kind; they are all transforming. There is a like divine power and energy in them as in the first discoveries; they still reach the bottom of the heart, and affect and alter the very nature of the soul, in proportion to the degree in which they are given. And a transformation of nature is continued and carried on by them to the end of life, until it is brought to perfection in glory.
C. JoyBell C., Saint Paul Trois Chateaux: 1948|And at that moment, Thibaut knew he was a murderer. He had murdered his brother that night; he had taken away his brother's soul.
Wilfred Owen, The Poems Of Wilfred Owen|As bronze may be much beautified by lying in the dark damp soil, so men who fade in dust of warfare fade fairer, and sorrow blooms their soul.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|ALS is like a lit candle: it melts your nerves and leaves your body a pile of wax.. you cannot support yourself standing.. you cannot sit up straight. By the end, if you are still alive.. your soul, perfectly awake, is imprisoned inside a limp husk.. like something from a science fiction movie, the man frozen inside his own flesh.
Avina Celeste|Your life is fragile. Your body, mind, and soul need to be protected, loved, and cared for. Make sure your actions provide love and health to yourself.
Virginia Alison|Love does not broadcast its arrival, it just creeps up and envelops your soul when you least expect it. It is up to you whether you welcome or fight it, but one thing is for sure...It will get you in the end...
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|THE CONSCIOUSNESS IS THE ATMAN, THE SOUL.The first meaning is: in this world, only consciousness is yours. The word atman means: that which is your own. Regardless of how much the rest may appear to you as your own, it is alien. All of that which you otherwise claim as yours – friends, loved ones, family, wealth, fame, high position, a great empire – it is all a deception. Because one day death will snatch it all away from you. So death is the criterion for determining who is your own and who is the stranger. That which death can separate you from, know that it didn’t belong to you, and that which it can’t, was indeed your own.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She has one hell of a dark soul,but damn,it’s so full of light!
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|While they all ink their skin,I crave something permanent within.Bare your soulOpen your heartTattoo your love within.
Irfa Rahat|In my spare time, I always go back to my soul...Asking... Are you still alive?
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I swear that girl was born with a pen in her hand, the moon in her hair, and stars in her soul.
Carlos Hernández, The Assimilated Cuban's Guide to Quantum Santeria|Like everyone, I want my soul to thrum. I run my long nails over the keys like I'm scratching the back of a lover.
Penney Peirce, Transparency: Seeing Through to Our Expanded Human Capacity|It’s so interesting how transparency works. Not only can you see yourself when you open, relax, show up fully, and allow vulnerability to be natural, but that empowers others to see more of you—and of themselves. On the other hand, when you’re open, exposed, and undefended without even trying, you can see through layers of interference or illusions of opacity in people and situations that used to stop you. You have Superman’s X-ray vision!" —from Transparency: Seeing Through to Our Expanded Human Capacity
M.L. Shanahan|Nourish the body, nourish the soul. Punish the body, punish the soul.
Sherif Mansy|thoughts feelings actions emotions behavior ,which one have most powerful effect to change you ? ,which one of them can control the others ? which one come from your soul?which one come without restrictions? Which one should you trust more ?
Peter Bunzl, Cogheart|The soul’s a matter of the heart, Robert, and the heart’s a mystery even the greatest scientists don’t understand.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|It's easy to hide behind a smile, that's why it is so important to search instead inside the eyes.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Who can save my wretched soul? Only the Saviour , the Lord Jesus Christ.
Aristotle|Holding as we do that, while knowledge of any kind is a thing to be honoured and prized, one kind of it may, either by reason of its greater exactness or of a higher dignity and greater wonderfulness in its objects, be more honourable and precious than another, on both accounts we should naturally be led to place in the front rank the study of the soul. The knowledge of the soul admittedly contributes greatly to the advance of truth in general, and, above all, to our understanding of Nature, for the soul is in some sense the principle of animal life. Our aim is to grasp and understand, first its essential nature, and secondly its properties; of these some are thought to be affections proper to the soul itself, while others are considered to attach to the animal owing to the presence of soul. To attain any knowledge about the soul is one of the most difficult things in the world. As the form of question which here presents itself, viz. the question 'What is it?', recurs in other fields, it might be supposed that there was some single method of inquiry applicable to all objects whose essential nature we are endeavouring to ascertain (as there *is* for incidental properties the single method of demonstration); in that case what we should have to seek for would be this unique method. But if there is no such single and general method for solving the question of essence, our task becomes still more difficult; in the case of each different subject we shall have to determine the appropriate process of investigation. If to this there be a clear answer, e.g. that the process is demonstration or division, or some other known method, many difficulties and hesitations still beset us—with what facts shall we begin the inquiry? For the facts which form the starting-points in different subjects must be different, as e.g. in the case of numbers and surfaces. First, no doubt, it is necessary to determine in which of the *summa genera* soul lies, what it *is*; is it 'a this-somewhat', a substance, or is a quale or a quantum, or some other of the remaining kinds of predicates which we have distinguished? Further, does soul belong to the class of potential existents, or is it not rather an actuality? Our answer to this question is of the greatest importance."―from_On the Soul: Book I_
Aristotle|We must consider also whether soul is divisible or is without parts, and whether it is everywhere homogeneous or not; and if not homogeneous, whether its various forms are different specifically or generically; up to the present time those who have discussed and investigated soul seem to have confined themselves to the human soul. We must be careful not to ignore the question whether soul can be defined in a single account, as is the case with animal, or whether we must not give a separate account of each sort of it, as we do for horse, dog, man, god (in the latter case the universal, animal—and so too every other common predicate—is either nothing or posterior). Further, if what exists is not a plurality of souls, but a plurality of parts of one soul, which ought we to investigate first, the whole soul or its parts? It is also a difficult problem to decide which of these parts are in nature distinct from one another. Again, which ought we to investigate first, these parts or their functions, mind or thinking, the faculty or the act of sensation, and so on? If the investigation of the functions precedes that of the parts, the further question suggests itself: ought we not before either to consider the correlative objects, e.g. of sense or thought? It seems not only useful for the discovery of the causes of the incidental proprieties of substances to be acquainted with the essential nature of those substances (as in mathematics it is useful for the understanding of the property of the equality of the interior angles of a triangle to two right angles to know the essential nature of the straight and the curved or of the line and (the plane) but also conversely, for the knowledge of the essential nature of a substance is largely promoted by an acquaintance with its properties: for, when we are able to give an account conformable to experience of all or most of the properties of a substance, we shall be in the most favourable position to say something worth saying about the essential nature of that subject: in all demonstration a definition of the essence is required as a starting point, so that definitions which do not enable us to discover the incidental properties, or which fail to facilitate even a conjecture about them, must obviously, one and all, be dialectical and futile." —from_On the Soul: Book I_
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|I am so Thankful in the knowledge… If I want to learn something I can study it. However, If I want to have something etched in my Soul, I must Teach it. Always remembering that each of us teaches best that which we, the teacher, most need to learn
Brenda Sutton Rose|The guitar poured out its soul, its history, its dreams, its pain, its victories, its secrets. The guitar’s strings purred with blues and ended with a haunting solitary song with no lyrics.
Brenda Sutton Rose|The guitar breathed. It inhaled and exhaled, and music filled the shop as the instrument picked the heartbreak of generations.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I did not willingly let half of my soul leave my body. It was torn from me. I still hear the ransomed moans. It calls to me for rescue, yet clings to its abductor.
Brenda Sutton Rose|A real musician ain’t gonna choose his own guitar like an evil master choosing his slave. The guitar will choose his master and when he does, you’ll know it.
Brenda Sutton Rose|The place cast a spell on me, a lovely spell that seduced me one one breath at a time.
Nikki Rowe|You know a wild spirit just by looking at them, they carry a vibe that doesn't appear often but when it does my god you won't forget them. They are always passing through lives, never staying put, but always remembered long after they have left. These souls are kindred spirits, they connect deeply or not at all.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|The eyes, too, were reptilelike in glint and gaze. Yet at that instant, humbled and alert in their look, they were lit by one tiny human point, the window of a shriveled soul, poignant and selfembittered.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Wildflowers can't be controlled, and neither can the girl with a soul boundless as the sky, and a spirit as free and wild as the ocean.
Katalin Bator-Hos, The SUPERMAGICIAN Within: Get Unstuck and Discover a Whole New Life With Your Intuitive Self|When you choose intuitive living, you are signing a contract with the Soul and the Spirit that you will follow your own path.
Tracey Bond, Spirit Fed Entrepreneur: Grow Your Business with a Fearless Mindset|Harmony is everything, your central nervous system can bear witness to that in every area of your life...if you let your soul step to the open MIC!
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I have a dark soul, that doesn't mean I don't love the sun, rainbows and things that emphasize the light.
Wassily Kandinsky, Concerning the Spiritual in Art|(...) an inner feeling called "Stimmung" by the germans and best translated as sentiment (it is to be regreted that this word, sentiment, which is meant to describe the poetical efforts of an artist living soul, has been misused and finally, ridiculed. Was there ever a great word that the masses did not try immediatly to cheapen and desecrate?) (...)
Lailah Gifty Akita|The soul that knows suffering, understand the grace of solitude.
Vijaya Gowrisankar|I was wandering lonely and lost, till the musicyou played pulledmy soul into a vortex of emotions, reminding me thatI was still alive
Upton Sinclair - The Jungle|...the souls of none of them were dead, but only sleeping; now and then they would waken, and these were cruel times.
Tracey-anne McCartney, A Carpet of Purple Flowers|She placed her arms and hands strategically over the areas of her body that she felt uncomfortable with, but he moved closer, and his hands gently pulled them away too. “There’s no need to hide from me, you’re beautiful.” His lips then softly kissed the places that she tried to hide. At first, she felt self-conscious, but after taking several deep breaths, she focused purely on him, and not on her fears of not being sexy enough. She felt open, perhaps a little too exposed, more naked inside than out. She knew that her old inhibitions were causing her nervousness, and tried harder to relax. It was difficult having someone looking deeper than her just her body, something she wasn’t used to.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be yourself, the divine soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Is worth for a man to lose his soul, and gain worldly wealth?
Latika Teotia|More often than not we forget to give time to ourselves; we are so caught up in our daily lives that we ignore our wants, desires and wishes. Don’t lose your identity in this busy world; don’t give false promises to yourself saying that you will live it up once you have reached a certain level. Don’t put your career ahead of yourself otherwise you will either break down or burn out. Take time off for yourself and the right time to do that is NOW. Self care is just as important, if not more, as your career goals. You can do justice to your daily life, your career, your ambitions and your dreams provided you are well and alive. So now on create the ME time, nourish your soul and make self care your main concern.
Mahrukh|No matter how high buildings you make, your soul needs to be where it belongs.
Erin Entrada Kelly, Hello, Universe|Crying is good for the soul. It means something needs to be released. And if you don't release the something, it just weighs you down until you can hardly move.
Haruki Murakami|I think of human existence as being like a two-story house. On the rst oor people gather together to take their meals, watch television, and talk. e second oor contains private chambers, bedrooms where people go to read books, listen to music by themselves, and so on. en there is a basement;this is a special place, and there are a number of things stored here. We don’t use this room much in our daily life, but some- times we come in, vaguely hang around the place. en, my thought is that underneath that basement room is yet another basement room. is one has a very special door, very di - cult to gure out, and normally you can’t get in there—some people never get in at all. . . . You go in, wander about in the darkness, and experience things there you wouldn’t see in the normal parts of the house. You connect with your past there, because you have entered into your own soul. But then you come back. If you stay over there for long you can never get back to reality.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Don't look my appearance,my lookMy Soul has a beautiful Grave
Ahmed Mostafa|You need a body to preserve your soul, not a set of abstract principles.
Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis|Your soul is your inner being, your thinking, reasoning, loving, choosing inner being. Your capacity to stand up for what is right. Your capacity to fight against what is wrong. Your capacity to choose even to die for what you believe is right. That's your soul.
Gail Carriger, Blameless|There was a pleasantness to the air and a spirit about the town that did not come from its color, but from some inner, tasty citrus quality. It made Alexia wonder fancifully if cities could have souls.
John Keats|But this is human life: the war, the deeds, The disappointment, the anxiety, Imagination’s struggles, far and nigh,All human; bearing in themselves this good, That they are still the air, the subtle food, To make us feel existence. -Keats, EndymionThis is the ‘goal’ of the soul path – to feel existence; not to overcome life’s struggles and anxieties, but to know life first hand, to exist fully in context. (Thomas Moore, Care of the Soul, p.260)
Arthur Miller, The Crucible|What victory would the Devil have to win a soul already bad? It is the best the Devil wants, and who is better than the minister." - Rev. John Hale
Sandeep N. Tripathi|Ego said, 'treat me like a game and I will show you how it's played'; Soul replied, 'ego can never lose; it is always a winner because ego is playing against itself [ego is me; soul is we]'.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|Ego said, 'I will not apologize for who I am'. Soul replied, 'unless your self-realization comes to light, your apology is worthless. And, when your self-realization does come to light, which it will, your apology will be of little or no value at all'.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Don't Overlook and Pay attention to any signs that might suggest it could be at risk for common mental health issues like depression or anxiety.' one of the suicide stories I heard today. "just one of those".-RESPECT EMOTION!!! It is always valid. Don't just HEAR but LISTEN not with your inner demon...don't let them conquer your soul and don't let anyone destroy you!!! breathe, Love yourself !!!clear your thoughts again "LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL!
Md. Ziaul Haque|As the soul does not have a brain, it cannot work according to its own wish. Obviously, it will not be proper to say that the soul will enter another body after the death of a person. Hence, the concept of ‘rebirth’ or ‘reincarnation’ seems doubtful!
Nalini Singh, Silver Silence|Death comes in endless forms. Of the body. Of the soul. Of the heart. - Catriona Mercant, philosopher and warrior. (circa 1419)
Sandeep N. Tripathi|From within the abysmal depths of a heart, the soul echoes A Lover's Tale of an Eternal Love (Through the Darkness, WIth Love - Vol. 1)
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|In a fraction of a moment we fall in love, we break up, we live out a love story that lasts until the end of time. We are soulmates, we are adversaries, we are everything. We are nothing. We are at our fullest potential of every possibility. We are supposed to cross paths for one reason or another. Sometimes we don’t know the reason until it’s far behind us.
Jane Bierhorst, In the Trail of the Wind: American Indian Poems and Ritual Orations|Where the mountain crosses.On top of the mountain, I do not myself know where.I wandered where my mind and my heart seemed to be lost.I wandered away.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Yesterday night gave birthTo a song, spirited and sprightly;It made my soul sparkle too,And since then, I have been oh so lively!
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...[W]hen death comes to a man, the mortal part of him dies, but the immortal part retires at the approach of death and escapes unharmed and indestructible... [I]t is as certain as anything can be... that soul is immortal and imperishable, and that our souls will really exist in the next world.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Where all lines and rays convergeWhere no one can travel furtherOne finds the abode of the soulAnd here, all routes one can augur
AnkitMishra|There is one truth that we all are born with, The Death. In between the birth and the death, we are given an opportunity to seek the source of the ultimate truth. But the distractions and our ego often limits our existence to our shape and intellect, which grows with time but just like desires to live more.
Dada Bhagwan|Things get ruined the moment you say, ‘What will become of me? It means that you have no regard for the Soul. The Soul within has infinite energy, why not ask the Soul for strength [power]?
Dada Bhagwan|There is ‘Soul' even in other living beings. ‘Lion’, or ‘deer’, is the ego, but within them is the Soul. Therefore, if you take into consideration the type of ego of every living being and interact accordingly, your work will get done. A lion cannot be provoked but if you provoke a dog, it will run away.
Dada Bhagwan|The Soul that sits within is ready to give everything, but not even for a moment has one had the faith 'I won't ever have any problems'. If this faith is ever established, there will be no problems. All this is like the priest saying, 'God is asleep'. Would God ever sleep? But then one loses all confidence. God is constantly aware and resides within. It is possible to attain whatever energies you want by asking for them.
Ruskin Bond, The Lamp is Lit: Leaves from a Journal|As a boy, reading was my religion. It helped me to discover my soul. Later, writing helped me to record its journey.
Dada Bhagwan|If your instigations stop, then there will not be anyone to instigate you. All these are indeed the results of your own [past] instigations. 'You' are a King of the whole universe. 'You' do not indeed have anyone above you (as a boss, upari). 'You', yourself are the Parmatma (absolute supreme Soul).
Dada Bhagwan|The human life is the only one in which one can experience the Soul [One’ own Real Self]. There is no other life form, not even that of the celestial beings that can attain the experience of the Self [Self Realization].
Moonshine Noire|His room was a sickly dual-tone of crimson and charcoal, like an Untitled Rothko, the colours bleeding into each other horribly and then rather serenely. The overall effect was overwhelmingly unapologetic but it grew on you like a wart on your nose you didn't realise it was a part of your identity until one day it simply was. His room was his identity. Fiercely bold, avant-garde but never monotonous. He was red, he was black, he was bored, and he was fire. At least to me he seemed like fire. A tornado of fire that burned all in its wake leaving only the wretched brightness of annihilation. His room was where he charmed and disarmed us. We were his playthings. Nobody plays with fire and leaves unscarred. The fire soon seeps into chard and soot. The colours of his soul, his aura, and probably his heart if he didn't stop smoking.
Dada Bhagwan|Krupa (divine grace) means ‘every time sincere’. Without becoming suitable for naimitik krupa (apparent grace), one cannot attain the nischay (Realization that I am Pure Soul). Even in the Kramic (step by step) path, there is naimitk krupa. ‘We’ shower down special grace. ‘Our’ grace descends upon one due to ultimate humility. Only thing required is ‘complete sincerity’.
Dada Bhagwan|In the worldly life, due to maadakta (intoxication of the ego of ‘I am Chandubhai’), one has completely lost awareness of everything about one’s self. Everything in the worldly life is nothing but intoxication. The food is intoxicating, the senses are intoxicating. [Therefore] Go to the one, who is without mada (pride), the one who has destroyed all intoxication. There in his proximity, you will realize that, ‘wow! The intoxication of the ego is something that can go down!’ Then ‘our’ awareness will manifest. You, the Self are indeed the absolute supreme soul (Parmatma)!
Dada Bhagwan|The energy of the Soul (Atma) is such that it will give you all the solution for how to behave every time in any situation. And what is more, you will not forget it, after the Self [Soul] has been realized.
Dada Bhagwan|If at all the energies of the Soul (Atmashakti) gets wasted, it is due to conflicts. Endless energy is lost due to conflicts! Even with slightest collision (conflict) it is all over! If we maintain equanimity with awareness and do not conflict with the other person, then work will go on.
Dada Bhagwan|All the energy is destroyed due to conflict. That is why the infinite energy of the soul does not manifest (is not seen). If the slightest negative intent occurs, or the eye raises (on someone), it is conflict. What happens if you collide with a wall? You will crack your head. In the absence of conflict alone, man could go to moksha. If one learns only this: ‘I do not want to get into conflict with anyone’, he will go directly to moksha. Then no guru or anyone else would be needed in between.
Dada Bhagwan|Anyone who wants a Prakruti (relative self) that brings worldly benefits, they should worship Mataji,the goddess mother. And those who want Moksha [ultimate liberation] should worship the Soul [Real Self]. Those who want both should worship both.
Dada Bhagwan|All the (sickness and) diseases of the worldly life disappear with the innate bliss of the Soul, the Self. Grief gives rise to the diseases.
Murasaki Shikibu, The Tale of Genji|You are here to remind me of someone I long for, and what is it you long for yourself? We must have been together in an earlier life, you and I.
Dada Bhagwan|If a person were to get stuck in attachment induced entrancement for any worldly thing for just one hour, then it will last for a hundred years! Because of pleasure resulting effects and intents of engrossment, an indulging bad habit will last one day of Brahma (many many years), therefore it is not worth focusing our awareness anywhere (other than our true self, pure soul).
Dada Bhagwan|There are two types of egoism: one is living and other one is lifeless. As long as the living egoism is there, one can never attain the awareness of the Self (Atma).
Dada Bhagwan|With egoism at the center, the awareness of all worldly things can be set beautifully. The awareness of ‘I am Pure Soul’ can never setup with ego being at the center.
Dada Bhagwan|If egoism is there, the benefit of the Self cannot be obtained and if the Self is there, the benefit of egoism cannot be obtained.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The state of our surroundings, tells the conditions of our soul.
Dada Bhagwan|Some people claim, ‘I am the Knower-Seer (Gnata-Drashta)’. Hey! What do you mean you are ‘Knower-Seer’? ‘You’ are still ‘Chandubhai’? The Knower-Seer state begins after one realizes the Self, after one attains the awareness of the Self [the soul].
Dada Bhagwan|The Soul’s [our true self’s] natural form is the absolute supreme Self [Parmatma]. It does not show you ‘wrong [doing]’, nor does it show ‘right [doing]’. When demerit karma effect is unfolding, then one will see the ‘wrong’ and when merit karma is unfolding, it will show ‘right’. The Soul is not the ‘doer’ in any of this; it continues to ‘See’ only the vibrations!
Dada Bhagwan|There is no Soul, where there is give and take. Wherever there is give and take, it is a stock market.
Dada Bhagwan|We’ (the Gnani Purush, the enlightened one) are by nature, non-interfering. If ‘we’, ourselves are non-interfering, then how can interfering people around ‘us’ can touch ‘us’? All interferences go away in ‘our’ [the Gnani’s] presence. What problems can the one that dwells in the Self [the Soul], have? The worldly life does not hinder the one who dwells in the Self.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the discovery of the Vitarags, the fully enlightened Ones? It is: ‘the slightest violence is the sign of losing. Even the slightest negative thought about someone is the sign of losing. God resides in every living being; how can this hidden fact be known? The Vitarags have called the elemental Self (the Soul), the most hidden element.
Dada Bhagwan|We are not deceiving anyone, we are only deceiving our own soul [our own Self].
Dada Bhagwan|Enlightened view (samyak darshan) is that which shows you the ‘eternal’ (the pure soul), and deluded vision (mithya darshan) is that which shows you the ‘temporary’.
Dada Bhagwan|The danger lies in how your ‘surplus time’ is spent. If the ‘surplus time’ is spent for one’s own Soul, then it is (like) watering your own farm, but when it is used for other things [other than one’s own self], it is wasted water. Therefore, anyone whose ‘surplus time’ is spent on the Self, all his time is considered to have gone towards one’s own Self [The Soul].
Dada Bhagwan|The ‘relative’ delights the mind (manoranjan), the ‘real’ delights the Self (the soul, atmaranjan).
Kamand Kojouri|By loving you, I learn everything because your soul contains the entire universe.
Yixing Zhang, 而立·24|The home of every soul is not among another's glory, but should be within another's soul.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|Everyone has a price,” she said.“But clearly not everyone has a soul,
Ashish Bhardwaj|His soul was swimming in the maelstrom to keep her swim in the peaceful end!" ~ AB
John   Kramer, Blythe|The smallest act of compassion can save a soul, perhaps your own.
Alison Malee|Ah, kindness. What a simple way to tell another struggling soul that there is love to be found in the world.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|A woman's issues of soul cannot be treated by carving her into a more acceptable form as defined by an unconscious culture, nor can she be bent into a more intellectually acceptable shape by those who claim to be the sole bearers of consciousness. No, that is what has already caused millions of women who began as strong and natural powers to become outsiders in their own cultures.
Nora Sakavic, The Foxhole Court|You don't think he's crazy now?""Crazy, nah," Nicky said. "Soulless, perhaps.
Dada Bhagwan|God resides in every living being, in the form of Chetan (Soul). One is not aware of this at all. That Soul is indeed the absolute Supreme Soul (Parmeshewar). Pure Chetan is pure Soul (Shuddhatma), and that indeed is the absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma)!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We must clean the lens of our hearts to see the state of our souls. However, too often the former is too dirty to even know that the latter exists.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|We know the soul-spirit can be injured, even maimed, but it is very nearly impossible to kill. You can dent the soul and bend it. You can hurt it and scar it. You can leave the marks of illness upon it, and scorch marks of fear. But it does not die, for it protected by La Loba...
Dada Bhagwan|The reaction of whatever you do will continue punishing you (hold you accountable). I do not have to come to punish you,” says God.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|And as he reached for William's leg, the way a small child will reach for its mother's, there welled up through a small hole in the bottom of Mercer's soul a relief surpassing any he'd ever known in waking life.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We must exude a sense of proportional gratitude that humankind’s exquisite texture is composed of a feeling soul and an intelligent will, which people refer to as memory of the heart.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|I do not know about my life but i am sure about my death , i will die in rest because i have no credit of anyone on my soul
Drishti Bablani, Wordions|Before you commit to loving someone,make effort to understand their heart,make effort to understand their soul,be open to seeing even their darkestcorners, without prejudice.If you have understood, accepted andloved their heart and soul, you will love them just as they are without ever wanting to change them.
Drishti Bablani, Wordions | Uns|What makes someone irresistible,is not their looks, but the way they can make your mind tickle,your heart race and your soul smile, all at once.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|In these dark and uncertain times, there can be great value in imagining a bit of star in each human soul. Not just that it gives some hope for humanity at a time when man’s inhumanity to man seems ever on the increase; but also because it points to an inner brightness that can light the way in dark times.
Eden Phillpotts, Saurus|To make the State your god is to worship an idol, for the State is a man-made creation arising naturally out of tribal communion; but the soul, if such there be, is a god-made miracle and above all national or patriotic standards – the supreme and eternal reality.
Zdzisław Beksiński|What matters is what appears in your soul, not what your eyes see and what you can name.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Most stupid Question Most of the time people askWhat is Important for you Love Or MoneyMy Answer :- Love inspire to Build Taj Mahal And Money Full fill the DreamLove Inspire you to give good life to your family and Money Do itFor survive Soul, you need love For survive Body,You need Money
Cristen Rodgers|I love letting my soul soar on a summer breeze, or getting entranced by the rhythm of the sea. It carries you off on its currents until you’re completely lost and then drops you back on the shores of reality with salt on your cheeks and grains of dreams running through your fingers like sand. It’s almost an occasional necessity – I guess because when you get completely, fantastically, dizzyingly lost you’re temporarily suspended between what has been and what could be. In those first moments when you come back up for air, or when you float back down to the ground, you’re living in the land of possibility, where you understand that reality can stretch just as far as you’re willing to dream.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|I’m not using any word,” Ronan said. The annoying thing about Ronan was always that he was angry when everyone else was calm, and calm when everyone else was angry. Because Blue was ready to bust a vein, his voice was utterly pacific. “I’m just telling you I’m not going. Maybe it’s wrong, maybe it’s not. My soul’s in enough peril as it is.
Thomas  Moore, Care of the Soul: A Guide for Cultivating Depth and Sacredness in Everyday Life|I’m interested in this humbler approach, one that is more accepting of human foibles, and indeed sees dignity and peace as emerging more from that acceptance than from any method of transcending the human condition.
Lawrence Durrell, Justine|Underneath an artist's preoccupations with sex, society, religion, etc. (all the staple abstractions that allow the forebrain to chatter) there is a soul tortured beyond endurance by the lack of tenderness in the world.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Oftentimes in denying yourself pleasure you do but store the desire in the recesses of your being.Who knows but that which seems omitted today, waits for tomorrow?Even your body knows its heritage and its rightful need and will not be deceived.And your body is the harp of your soul,And it is yours to bring forth sweet music from it or confused sounds.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|The thread that ties us to the center is the hidden cord of the heart, it is the thread of genius that can connect the mind with the heart, that allows the mind to feel and reveals the thought set within the heart.
Albert Camus|My soul’s a burden to me, I’ve had enough of it. I’m eager to be in that country, where the sun kills every question. I don’t belong here.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|In heart, mind, soul and spirit, we do not exist in a myriad of dissimilar forms. We are every possible form, which has existed and is yet to come. When we we enter a state of oneness, we get a sense of this, as our being. The "We" is transformed into an all-encompassing "I".
Maynard James Keenan, A Perfect Union of Contrary Things|...music, if it really resonates, will beat somewhere right near your heartbeat. That music will make sense to you...because it's in rhythm with your soul.
Barry Lyga, Game|You think you're gonna find your soul. Ever since I've known you, you've been thinkin' that someday you're gonna crack and end up like your daddy. And you're been looking for proof that you won't. What you don't realize is this: the looking is the proof. Trust me when I tell you that Billy Dent never had a moment's doubt in his life about what he was and what he was doing. Your doubt is your soul
Oscar Wilde|And after the second year was over, the Soul said to the young Fisherman at night-time, and as he sat in the wattled house alone, "Lo! now I have tempted thee with evil, and I have tempted thee with good, and thy love is stronger than I am. Wherefore will I tempt thee no longer, but I pray thee to suffer me to enter thy heart, that I may be with thee even as before.""Surely thou mayest enter," said the young Fisherman, "for in the days when with no heart thou didst go through the world thou must have suffered.""Alas!" cried his Soul, "I can find no place of entrance, so compassed about with love is this heart of thine.
Oscar Wilde, The Fisherman and His Soul|And the young Fisherman said to himself: "How strange a thing this is! The Priest telleth me that the Soul is worth all the gold in the world, and the merchants say that it is not worth a clipped piece of silver.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Things of themselves cannot touch the soul at all. They have no entry to the soul, and cannot turn or move it. The soul alone turns and moves itself, making all externals presented to it cohere with the judgements it thinks worthy of itself.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|Of all our games, love's play is the only one which threatens to unsettle the soul, and is also the only one in which the player has to abandon himself to the body's ecstasy.
Virginia Alison|She had nothing to lose when she looked into those dark limpid pools of desire...Apart from her soul, and even that she would relinquish for one night undulating on his rigid fervour. But to what end? A moment of exquisite bliss? No, she demanded an encore; even her soul had a price...
Pythagoras|Souls never die, but always on quitting one abode pass to another. All things change, nothing perishes. The soul passes hither and thither, occupying now this body, now that . . . As a wax is stamped with certain figures, then melted, then stamped anew with others, yet it is always the same wax. So, the Soul being always the same, yet wears at different times different forms.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Our way is upward, from the species across to the super-species. But the degenerate mind which says ‘All for me’ is a horror to us.
Hazrat Inayat Khan|It is more important to find out the truth about oneself than to find out the truth about heaven and hell, or about many other things which are of less importance and are apart from oneself. However, every man's pursuit is according to his state of evolution, and so each soul is in pursuit of something—but he does not know where it leads him.
Inayat Khan|It is more important to find out the truth about oneself than to find out the truth about heaven and hell, or about many other things which are of less importance and are apart from oneself. However, every man's pursuit is according to his state of evolution, and so each soul is in pursuit of something—but he does not know where it leads him. The first sign of realization of truth is tolerance towards others. There are the words of Christ, "In the house of my Father are many mansions", and those of the Prophet, "Each soul has its own religion." This means that according to his evolution so man knows the truth and the more a man knows, the more he finds there is to learn.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A plaited link exists between every person and his or her ancestors, not simply through genealogical records, but in the same manner that the soul of a child, from which we sprang from, traces a direct connection to the matured soul of the adult.
Kristen Heitzmann, The Rose Legacy|It is a fact that the human heart differs from all other species. While its function to the body is the same of all animals, its participation with human soul is both rhapsodic and fatal. -Rose
Svetlana Alexievich, Czasy secondhand. Koniec czerwonego człowieka|The mysterious Russian soul... Everyone wants to understand it. They read Dostoevsky: what's behind that soul of theirs? Well, behind our soul there's just more soul.
John C Park III|It's not about what my enemies can do to my body,it's more about what they can't do to my soul.Protected in the Arms of God
Sunday Adelaja|Intuition is beyond the scope of our mind, it is surprising, but it is the fact of life
Sunday Adelaja|You should calm down and listen to the voice of your heart. This is your inner voice, your intuition or strong desire or a passion to a certain kind of activity
Avijeet Das|Each one of us has a purpose in this life. We are born not just to pay the bills and live an unremarkable existence. We are born to hone our talents and to lead a passionate life! And when we combine our talents with service to others, we achieve the ultimate goal of our existence - Ecstasy of the Soul!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The ongoing struggle to achieve a profound harmony between the deepest and most conflicting impulses of human beings instates the murkiness of my soul. The battle against the amorphousness of sin and depravity, and seeking unity and clarity, trace their origins to the primeval fire that launched humanity. This ancient warfare for control of the soul allows me to create myself. Because of the primordial inconsistences between ecstasy and reason, I am the repentant artist of my being. I am a beardless, sensuous, and androgynous sculptor, the redeemer and the transformer of my naked self.
S. Kelley Harrell, Life Betwixt: Essays on Allies in the Everyday and Shamanism Among|Have intention, sacred will travel.
Gerard Manley Hopkins|Where lies your landmark, seamark, or soul's star?
Martha Graham|There is a vitality, a life force, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique.  And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and be lost.  The world will not have it.  It is not your business to determine how good it is, nor how valuable it is, nor how it compares with other expressions.  It is your business to keep it yours clearly and directly, to keep the channel open.  You do not even have to believe in yourself or your work.  You have to keep open and aware directly to the urges that motivate you.  Keep the channel open.
Nikki Rowe|She never allowed the external world to change her soul, that was her magic.
Pravin Agarwal, 8 Course Meal For The Soul|Never give up in life, give your whole hearted try to every challenge coming your way even though the challenge seems impossible and much beyond your reach and potential.
Gary Rudz|Stop to appreciate the moments. Summed up, they are the bricks of our soul.
Lisa Mischelle Wood, Just Believe: A Collection of Christian Poetry and Photo-Quotes|Every emotion we feel is like one drop of rain in our heart. When our heart rain starts to overflow, it leaks out the window to our soul as a tear.
Mike Klepper|The fire and passion in a militiaman’s eyes has not been extinguished; the brightness and eagerness remain. I want to be around such men, for they are the only ones worth knowing.
Jagdish Joghee, The Colour of Love: Trumpets and bugles, there was music all over...|Not everything needs to be said, some things are just understood. Sometimes one’s eyes are enough to express hidden emotions. When two people are truly, madly and deeply in love each other, nature will conspire to bring them together.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|You see, it is so hard for these creatures to persevere. The routine of adversity, the gradual decay of youthful loves and youthful hopes, the quiet despair (hardly felt as pain) of ever overcoming the chronic temptations with which we have again and again defeated them, the drabness which we create in their lives and the inarticulate resentment with which we teach them to respond to it--all this provides admirable opportunities of wearing out a soul by attrition.
Jeffrey Fry|The mind is the master of the soul, and the soul is the master of your universe. Learn to master your mind.
Alice Broadway, Ink|We're all a bit bad. We all have things in our lives that bring us shame and regret. Things that have hurt our souls or hurt the people we love. But 're all a bit good too. i reckon we're mostly good actually. And life is about trying to learn the balance, plot our place on the continuum... We're not just made up of good and bad: we're everything else too.
Akshay Vasu|Amidst of all these darkness, soul wrenching pain and disappointments, you have a heart that still believes in love, trust and second chances. And that my dear, is what makes you so beautiful.
Akshay Vasu|He looked into her eyes and said "When everything falls apart, and the day my soul refuses to move any further, I'll come back home. A home that fills me with courage and love. My home neither has doors and nor windows, All it have is walls. The walls that beat every second. And it has a pair of eyes too. Through which I can see this world more beautifully than I ever did".
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|To write the poem of the human conscience, were it only of a single man, were it only of the most infamous of men, would be to swallow up all epics in a superior and final epic. The conscience is the chaos of chimeras, of lusts and of temptations, the furnace of dreams, the cave of the ideas which are our shame; it is the pandemonium of sophisms, the battlefield of the passions. At certain hours, penetrate within the livid face of a human being who reflects, and look at what lies behind; look into that soul, look into that obscurity. There, beneath the external silence, there are combats of giants as in Homer, mêlées of dragons and hydras, and clouds of phantoms as in Milton, ghostly labyrinths as in Dante. What a gloom enwraps that infinite which each man bears within himself, and by which he measures in despair the desires of his will, and the actions of his life!
Kylee Carrier|Why I Cannot Relate"What do you think of this piece?" Someone will askAbout some work or form of expression in timeWhat does it mean? They wantMeTo tell them my thoughtsBut sometimesMy thoughts run so deep I cannot tell themSo instead I want to sayi DoNt KnOwBecause that is the only thing that makes sense to themI cannot relate sometimesFrustration of societySo I seclude myselfBut I actually would like to find that one personWho would like to know those thoughts I cannot expressThat person will take the timeTo relateTruly understandSo that way when I sayi DoNt KnOwThey will actually realizeThat I know much more.
Alexis de Tocqueville|I passionately love liberty, legality, respect for rights, but not democracy. That is what I find in the depth of my soul.
Akshay Vasu|Holding you in my arms always feels like holding a musical instrument that I love the most, moving my fingers on your skin feels like playing it. And my soul closes its eyes and starts singing along with the music I start creating.
Nikki Rowe|The longer you resist the calling of your soul the harder it is to find your way back. Intuition isn't instilled in us for nothing, it's the movement inside us that we must listen to if we want the void to vanish.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|A flame that flickered,And a soul that whimpered,A candle that blazed,And a fragrance that raised. The flames were fed the same,But one remained diminished,While the other touched vintage!
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|A true pilgrimage requires letting go of the very things most people try to hold onto. In seeking after what the soul desires, we become pilgrims with no home but the path the soul would have us follow.
Alex Z. Moores, Living in Water|I would love to think that the essence of who we are continues after we die. Maybe our soul moves on somehow, and eventually we are reborn. Or maybe, we get absorbed into god like a drop of water into the ocean.I think it’s more believable than floating into the sky and entering heaven. I’ve looked up and I’ve never seen heaven the way religions describe it. But, I can tell you that I’ve looked around down here, and I’ve found many places that have appeared as if they could be heaven.
Sanjo Jendayi|I see him in my mind's eye, feel him in my soul...twin flames will unite.
Sunday Adelaja|The government can pass bills, but only the Great Healer can heal a broken soul
Orrin Woodward|Most times, bankrupted finances is a reflection of bankrupted souls.
Ehsan Sehgal|The soul flies away from the body when God calls back it to the real place that starts life forever, indeed.
Sunday Adelaja|To Have An Attitude Of Thanksgiving To God Is To Bring Health For Your Spirit, Soul And Body
José Ortega y Gasset, On Love: Aspects of a Single Theme|Since love is the most delicate and total act of a soul, it will reflect the state and nature of the soul. The characteristics of the person in love must be attributed to love itself.
K. Weikel, Building Monsters|Fight, Zinnia, for your soul. You only have one, and one shall remain once you've escaped his clutches... Do not give up on yourself, for strength... it comes... from God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We are discouraged, when we fail to nourish the soul with its spiritual food.
Michael Meade, The Light Inside Dark Times|Everyone who enters the world comes in with hidden gold, it's called your natural gifts. The job of a person is to find the hidden gold and give it. It turns out that when you give it you get more than when you hold on to it, that's the economy of the soul.
Charmaine J. Forde|Two to three hours of studying a night, Is good medicine for the soul,I have tried this remedy,It never grows old
Michael Meade|Our answer, our opportunity, our chance to change the world has to come from the poetry that is already written on the walls of the soul.
Dada Bhagwan|Dharma (function or properties) of the mind, dharma of the intellect, dharma of the chit, dharma of the ego – when all these dharma and the dharma of the Self (Soul) come into their own dharma (functions); that is known as Gnan (Knowledge of Self). And if we (self) insist upon any one’s dharma; it becomes ignorance (agnan).
Dada Bhagwan|Chit impurity is due to the relative vision. When the vision becomes real (enlightened), purification of chit occurs.
Zadie Smith, Swing Time|But singing isn’t just about belting it out, is it? It’s not just who has the most wobble or the highest note, no, it’s about phrasing, and being delicate, and getting just the right feeling from a song, the soul of it, so that something real happens inside you when a man opens his mouth to sing, and don’t you want to feel something real rather than just having your poor earholes bashed in?
Dada Bhagwan|When a man’s trust is violated, he will leave even his friend. Hey, you shouldn’t leave him! There is the energy of the absolute Self within and if the knowledge of the Self is attained, one may even attain the state of the absolute-Self!
Dada Bhagwan|If the Soul were perceivable through the senses, there would have been no need to look for God; He would have been visible the moment one is born. Where the senses don’t work, the mind doesn’t work, the intellect doesn’t work, where nothing works; God is seen. That is why it is said, ‘I am indeed in your heart. Deceit (kapat) creates the veil and that is why He cannot be seen.
Vivek Verma|knowledge is infnite , time is limited ,sucess is temprary so enlighten your soul before leaving it..
Dada Bhagwan|After coming into the human life form, if one stays as the Self [Soul] and does not interfere in the discharging karmas, he will indeed go to moksha. And if he interferes, he will incarnate in a different life form.
Dada Bhagwan|By one fact, the Self [Soul] is the creator [of new karma]. From another fact, the Self [Soul] is not the creator.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, the soul cries out!
Dada Bhagwan|The mind-speech and body remain ‘effective’, the outer environment is also ‘effective’ and when the Self (Soul) remains ‘un-effective’; that is the ultimate stage!
Dada Bhagwan|These are all ‘ghosts’. If you are afraid, the ghosts will possess you. If there is inner fear of ‘what if they hang me?’; then one should say, ‘yes, that is correct’. The Soul can never be hung; nothing [worldly] can touch the Soul. All the doings are that of the pudgal (matter; non-Self). The noose for hanging is pudgal and the one doing hanging (the hangman), is also pudgal. The Soul has never been hung. This [fact] does not fit one’s vision and that is why he has fear. But once his vision becomes like the Gnani’s [the enlightened one], then it’s over! For that, one has to stay in touch with the Gnani [the enlightened one].
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|if anybody feels unworthy to enter heaven,well then at least let heaven enter his soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you read the Holy Scriptures, you shall find strength for soul.
J.M. Coetzee|In a while the organism will repair itself, and I, the ghost within it, will be my old self again. But the truth, he knows, is otherwise. His pleasure in living has been snuffed out. Like a leaf on a stream, like a puffball on a breeze, he has begun to float toward his end.
Akshay Vasu|It is beautiful to hear, how even the demons inside me have started singing your name.
Akshay Vasu|The water in the pond inside my heart doesn't shine anymore. It has turned dark. Every ghost from my mind breaks all the barriers and take a dip there, making it darker. and every time it happens, my soul in the pond cries with pain.
R. A. Delmonico|The heart is more important than the head when it comes to achieving greatness.For the average task, only the intellect is needed but a great challenge will require heart and soul.
Munia Khan|Rain, Aren’t you my soul’s joyful tearsonly longing for the sky to be happy?
Nikki Rowe|I don't want fleeting friendships or relationships or passion in life, give me fleeting moments in coffee shops and walks by the water but I will never be satisfied with empty kinships that are fleeting & undecided. Those connections are what make us all human and I dare not settle my wild little heart for something of so little depth.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|And so Rebecca consigned herself to, not ignorance, but a judicious incuriosity: she decided, for the time being, to live with the constant, cryptic reminders that the scope of another person's soul could never be fully surveyed.
Walker Percy, Love in the Ruins|My laps-meter, the first caliper of the soul and the first hope of bridging the dread chasm that has rent the soul of Western man ever since the famous philosopher Descartes ripped body loose from mind and turned the very soul into a ghost that haunts its own house.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|There is no evidence of the soul except in tis sudden absence. A nothingness enters, taking the place where something was before. A night without stars falls and for a moment covers everything in the room.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In deep of suffering, I found my soul.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|You know nothing about me." "I know your soul. Everything else is an ornament.
Nikki Rowe|I don't paint what people expect, I paint what my heart yearns to express.
Maimonides, Rambam: Shemonah Perakim, The Eight Chapters; Maimonides' Introduction to Ethics of the Fathers; Perek Chelek; Discourse on the World to Come|You should recognize that man’s soul, this single entity whose powers and parts we have described, may be compared to matter, and that the power of reasoning is its completed form. As long as the soul lies dormant and does not acquire its form from knowledge, then the nature of the soul is useless and exists in vain.
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|One of the open secrets of life on earth is that the answer to life’s burning question has been inscribed in one’s soul all along. The soul is a kind of ancient vessel that holds the exact knowledge we seek and need to find our way in life. Each life is a pilgrimage intended to arrive at the center of the pilgrim’s soul. From that vantage point, the issue is not whether we managed to choose the right god or the only way to live righteously; such notions fail to recognize the inborn intimacy each soul already has with the divine.
Rehan Waris|Creativity & innovation is to events, what the heart & soul is to the living
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|If there’s anyone we are sure to learn something from, it’s the one who pushes our buttons.
Katherine McIntyre, Rising for Autumn|He’d fallen in the trap before of believing she had the cold soul of an ice queen, but moments like these, it seemed more like she’d been encased a long time ago and couldn’t break free.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Death. I wish the word could be removed from the vocabulary and from the dictionary. It simply does not exist, except in the human mind that was taught that it does exist. People think they are a body and they come to believe that when the body dies, everything they are will die too. It’s not true. The soul lives on. The soul of consciousness exists not only in the body but outside of the body too. We are all souls that cannot be contained or limited by time or space or the physical body. For souls there is no death.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|You can’t “make” someone your soul mate. You can try but it will always be very hard work. Human relationships are hard even when they are easy, so it’s important to be in one with a soul mate. She felt she could learn to love Shane; that she might grow to love him over time. She always felt she could make her mind up and then accomplish anything, but the heart and the mind have different agendas. If she was going to try to make this relationship work, it had to come from her heart, not from ‘making up her mind’. You don’t have to “try” to be anything when you are with your soul mate because they are looking for who you are, not for who you are trying to be.
Erwin Raphael McManus, The Artisan Soul: Crafting Your Life into a Work of Art|Who told you that you were naked? Who have you been listening to?..'This is a tragic reminder that we humans have the strange capacity to live a soulless life. Our inner voice was never supposed to be simply an echo. Our inner voice was always to resonate with the voice of God. Every other voice will either make us less than we were intended to be or convince us that we are more than we really are. Neither self-loathing nor self-worship helps us find our authentic voice. It is only when our inner voice responds to the voice of God that we begin to truly find to find our own voice. As critical as it is for us to understand that art is always an extension of ourselves, the creative act is also an expression of our essence. It is equally important for us to realize that our guiding narrative determines the story we tell through our lives. Our inner voice not only informs us of who we are, but affects everything we touch. And in the end, becomes the driving force through which we strive to shape the world around us. The principal creative act described in Genesis chapter 1 begins with God speaking the universe into existence. God speaks out of who He is and everything in creation is a declaration of His glory.
Akshay Vasu|He sat beside the window in the dark, with his eyes closed. Hearing to the sound of the rain. The whisky in his glass burnt his throat, while the smoke of his cigarette filled his lungs and the fire inside his heart consumed his soul slowly.
Barbara Lieberman, The Unchained Spirit: Or, the Glass Is Half-Full But I've Forgotten Where I Put It|Soul work is the 'more' that we need to do to heal our souls.Soul retrieval is one more step toward balance and wholeness. The trauma of major illness, death, financial devastation, abuse, terror, and other stressors in our lives will not cease while we live and breathe. But, knowing they can rob us of our soul allows us to address those loses before or as they occur, so that we do not have to struggle to survive without that which makes us who we are.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Because to influence a person is to give him one's own soul. He does not think his natural thoughts, or burn with his natural passions. His virtues are not real to him. His sins, if there are such things as sins, are borrowed. He becomes an echo of some one else's music, an actor of a part that has not been written for him. The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly -- that is what each of us is here for. People are afraid of themselves, nowadays. They have forgotten the highest of all duties, the duty that one owes to one's self.
Akshay Vasu|I am a nyctophile, and I can't stop or help myself from falling in love for the darkest ends of your soul, rather than the light in your eyes.
Brunonia Barry, The Fifth Petal|The tree is a mediator between the living and dead. Where a limb is malformed, where her branches twist and wave into one another, or where a wound on bark remains unhealed, all these imperfections are sacred pathways between the realms.
Farshad Asl|Inspiration awakens our creativity, enables us to do the impossible, and improves our mental efficiency. It fires up the soul.
Virginia Alison|Maybe you are just a liquid dream. Seeping into my soul in the dead of night when everything sleeps apart from my memories from another life, another electric, terrifying, lasciviously greedy time, when your lips touched my body, while mapping the skincape unfolding beneath your breath leaving a ripple of mesmerising carnal pleasures, lingering in my veins...Or maybe you are not...
William Stafford, A Scripture of Leaves|I Have a Witness" Sometimes a center the soul can recognize will speak from anywhere , inside a mountain, or froma whirlwind ... The world can take, the soulrestores. A million wrong voices proclaim One light lives forever.
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|In the end, as at the beginning, the divine turns out to be most interested in the unique life of the individual soul. That’s what was meant by the old idea that “inside people is where god learns.” This is not a religious notion, but more of a spiritual insight. For this conversation god is simply the shortest way to refer to the divine. When a unique life becomes fully livedeveryone involved learns something and it becomes clear that god was involved all along.
Kamand Kojouri|Why this candle?Why this cake?The day of my birth is not today.I was born when you said, 'Hey.
Kamand Kojouri|Everything I have become,everything I will ever accomplishcannot compare to my mostimpressive feat:I have loved youfiercelyand assiduouslywith the very marrowinside my bones. So that when I die, they can crack them to findyou there. So that when I die, they can open me upand see your name tattooed on the wall of my heart.So that when I die, my epitaph will neither commemoratewho I wasnor what I did, but will read:“She loved.And loved. And loved.”And so, I smile now,because that is no small thing.
Akshay Vasu|The child inside me wouldn't stop crying. Every time it loses something so important to it. A person or a thing it loves the most, I pretend like nothing happened. But I hear it sobbing helplessly inside me. And the pathetic part of all this is, It neither grows up nor dies. Every time I stand in front of a mirror, it stares at me through my eyes. With its tear-stained face and that intense eyes that rip my ribs apart and the cry of it echoes through every room of my soul.
Stefan Emunds, The Second Coming of Jesus Christ - A Short Story|You’re an immortal, divine being. A little god, and yet, you toil like a slave. Isn’t that hilarious?
Alexander McCall Smith, Precious and Grace|Mr. J.L.B Matekoni," she asked, "do you think that our souls grow as we get older?"He did not answer immediately, but when he did, she thought his answer quite perfect. "Yes," he said. "Our souls get wider. They grow like the branches of a tree--growing outwards. And more birds come and make their homes in these branches. And sing a bit more." He stopped and looked a little awkward. "I'm talking nonsense, Mma.""You're not," she said.
Kamand Kojouri|You just wait.Soon, lovers all over the worldwill be reciting poems dedicated to you.This is my promise.
Kate Douglas Wiggin, Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm|Rebecca's eyes were like faith,—"the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen." Under her delicately etched brows they glowed like two stars, their dancing lights half hidden in lustrous darkness. Their glance was eager and full of interest, yet never satisfied; their steadfast gaze was brilliant and mysterious, and had the effect of looking directly through the obvious to something beyond, in the object, in the landscape, in you. They had never been accounted for, Rebecca's eyes. The school teacher and the minister at Temperance had tried and failed; the young artist who came for the summer to sketch the red barn, the ruined mill, and the bridge ended by giving up all these local beauties and devoting herself to the face of a child,—a small, plain face illuminated by a pair of eyes carrying such messages, such suggestions, such hints of sleeping power and insight, that one never tired of looking into their shining depths, nor of fancying that what one saw there was the reflection of one's own thought.
Virginia Alison|We were decadent in our intimacy. Leaving no inch of skin untouched lest a moment of rapture slip through our grasp. Thrusting and plunging, in dazed euphoria, the exquisite cravings for those carnal delights ravaged our souls until shamelessly, gasping lust tainted air, we discovered insatiability...
Kamand Kojouri|Work. Good, honest work, whether it’s working with your hands to create an artwork, or manual labour, brings forth a sense of divinity at play. The only prerequisite is that whatever the work is, it is done sincerely and in congruence with the soul’s true origin and intent, then, without any effort, one experiences a flow, wherein one feels a part of the plan of the entire universe.
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|We got to see a Corsair ship up close – all matt black, no markings, no lights – and practically invisible out here in the dark! What a sight to behold! Most people don’t get to see those bastards up close. That is, for very long! Anyways, the ship was just floating there, no sign of life. Our hails weren’t being answered, and so we assumed the ship was dead in space. Captain Mulligan, gods-rest-his-soul, told me to form a boarding party of security and medics from the sickbay and that we were going over there. We weren’t a military ship, and we’re not Star Marines, so we were lightly armed and quite nervous. I mean, this wasn’t just some of my security section being called out to break up a fight at one of the bars on the promenade, this was serious life-and-death shit! So I said ‘okay’, and told my assistant supervisor, Lisa Garfner, to get them all together. Seven of us shifted over to the other ship with the transmatter (you still use those things, I take it?) not knowing what to expect. It could’ve been anything… and it was. It was crazy.
Harold Klemp, The Road to Spiritual Freedom, Mahanta Transcripts, Book 17|In Eckankar, we teach Soul Travel. This is one of the aspects of the teachings of the Holy Spirit. Soul Travel simply means the ability to travel as Soul.
Eknath Easwaran, The End of Sorrow|When Nureyev appeared in San Francisco not long ago there were quite a few ballet fans who flew all the way from New York to see him. The mystics would point out how fruitless it is to go to see important people when our first priority is to see ourselves. We think we know Tom, Dick and Harry, but we really know everyone, including ourselves, only on the surface level. If we could see our real Self coming down the street, we would wonder who this beautiful, radiant, magnificent creature could be. We would not be able to take our eyes off him.
Rhouveyzz|The body impress, yet the soul express". Inner beauty has no expiry date, embrace it.
Akshay Vasu|How does it feel, to break a part of you each day and feed to the demons inside the other person in the name of love? How many days will you do that? Have your ever thought, about what happens after those demons had enough of you and decide to leave you for the taste of new soul? Look at yourself once. How much of you is remaining for yourself? Will ever get that part of you back?
Marius Vieth|As a photographer you have a deep love for light, life and yourself. You know that the eyes of love aren’t blind, they are wide open. Only when your eye, heart and soul shine brighter than the sun, you realize how ordinary it is to love the beautiful, and how beautiful it is to love the ordinary.
William Wordsworth, Lines Composed a Few Miles Above Tintern Abbey|Therefore am I still / A lover of the meadows and the woods, / And mountains; and of all that we behold / From this green earth; of all the mighty world / Of eye and ear, both what they half create / And what perceive; well pleased to recognize / In nature and the language of the sense, / The anchor of my purest thoughts, the nurse/ The guide, the guardian of my heart, and soul / Of all my moral being.
Christiane Northrup, Making Life Easy: A Simple Guide to a Divinely Inspired Life|We are all hungry for genuine connection and caring, and we will not get this unless we find our Soul's tribe. If we don't find this, we'll kill ourselves, either by finding an addiction to mask the pain or by ignoring what we need to stay healthy.
Mohsin Ali Shaukat|Believe it or not, our soul has visited the stage of the world before it comes along with our physical form or body to perform reality, this is the only reality which is bigger than a miracle itself, all miracles are the tine part of this bigger one, the beautiful part of this stage is, you can chose any role to play at any time, and the thoughtful process is why to chose the role of a mediocre or an average identity, go for higher and bigger role through bigger IMAGINATION, ROLE Models by aligning your actions with a clean and clear Self Image. Our soul has many realities and it will remind and show you the paths by giving so many hints sometimes in different aspects what we call it deja vu. that you have been here before, don't panic enjoy the journey .......
P.J. Paulson|Fate has dug me a hole, and rather than crawling out, I’m digging it deeper. What Fate began with a post-hole digger, I have expanded with a backhoe. I think I expect that when I reach bottom, I’ll find some sort of enlightenment - that which would give my life meaning, like a buried treasure. It may be buried treasure, but I think it’s buried deep within my soul. It may even be shouting to be let out.
Akshay Vasu|How does it feel to break a part of you each day and feed to the demons inside the other person in the name of love? How many days will you do that? Have you ever thought about what happens after those demons had enough of you and decide to leave you for the taste of new soul? Look at yourself once, How much of you is remaining for yourself? Will you ever get that part of you back?
Anthony Liccione|She's my pride, my winning prize, always a surprise, to look into her eyes, see her free soul, as soap that slips from the grip of control; a stroll through the park on a dark night with stars to spark the sky, heaven with no price tag I realize, love is the same: endless, priceless, full bliss; to have this princess I pinch myself thinking this is a dream, but to my reprise, I can only say I am now, at last, alive.
Akshay Vasu|We always become weaker when our soul gets into a stronger desire to own another. Like the way, our knees gets weaker when we see into their eyes. And the way, our hearts and minds defy every law of gravity and make us feel light and float into the infinity. The way, our soul bonds to theirs and becomes stronger. The way, their touch feels like thousands of stars bombarding together ripping us out of our senses and reality. Filling every void inside us, and how everything seems so right. Like a dream, that we never want to end. Like a dream, where we want to be lost forever and never want to find our way back home.
Steeven Shaw|One of the hardest things in life is to have words we want to say but for many reasons we have to keep these words deep down in our soul and sometimes, we have to find another way to spread our message.
P.J. Mann|There is a chest inside my heart, where a magical world is hidden. With my novels, I hand to you the key to that world.
Akshay Vasu|Every touch of you on my skin has burnt and etched your name on my soul. Whenever I close my eyes and try to feel myself, all I can hear is constant echoes of your name in my head, and all I can feel is the constant longing for the darkness.
raja shakeel mushtaque|Standing alone and observing from an edge "the giant universe" isn't that much scary than leaving yourself with your thoughts and creating insight in yourself!Equally big universe lies within ourselves as well
Abhijit Naskar, The God Parasite: Revelation of Neuroscience|Primitive humans could not comprehend the vastness of infinity and eternity, so as a trick of self-preservation they came up with the perception of survival of the soul after death and its recurring incarnations.
Angie karan|An awakened man who is driven by his heart and soul, can touch the heart of a woman he loves, without touching her
Edgar Allan Poe, Ms. Found in a Bottle|A feeling, for which I have no name, has taken possession of my soul.
Akshay Vasu|The day you start falling in love, with the wrecked homes and broken windows instead of running away from them. You will find a story that fills your soul, behind every burnt door.
Roshan Sharma|The journey of a human is not the process of evolution, but to know thy-self.
Rabindranath Tagore, Stray Birds|The world has kissed my Soul with its pain, asking for its return in Songs.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|But just as your body needs sleep, your soul needs time to rest in God. To learn more about Him. To talk to Him. To worship and praise Him. To fellowship with other brothers and sisters.
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|He who has lived and thought can't helpdespising people in his soul;him who has felt disturbs the ghost of irrecoverable days;for him there are no more enchantments;him does the snake of memories,him does repentance bite.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Who art thou then, O my soul!" (and here [Zarathustra] became frightened, for a sunbeam shot down from heaven upon his face.""O heaven above me," said he sighing, and sat upright, "thou gazest at me? Thou hearkenest unto my strange soul?When wilt thou drink this drop of dew that fell down upon all earthly things—when wilt thou drink this strange soul——When, thou well of eternity! thou joyous, awful, noontide abyss! when wilt thou drink my soul back into thee?
Akshay Vasu|And she called him a stranger. Whose name still echoed in her mind like a war cry. Who had seen each bit of her naked soul and knew how scarred her soul is. Whose reflection still stood, smiling at her every time she stood in front of the mirror.
Roshan Sharma|The subtle thread of the spirit can expand and contract within the body. When it expands, it passes through the brain, heart and body to experience life, and when the same subtle thread of the spirit, is taken inward, it contract itself into the soul, to experience the bliss from within.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|The cats sleep for days at a time and make love from the first star until dawn. Their pleasures are fierce, and their sleep impenetrable. And they know that the body has a soul in which the soul has no part.
Lauren Lola, An Absolute Mind|I believe that anytime someone messes with the mind, they mess with the soul. Historically they go hand-in-hand, for a long time ago, the word "mind" was another word for "soul". Contextually, people might not see the relationship between the mind and such events from the past and present, but there is a connection. They all involved tampering of the value of the mind.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Given the lethal enormity of sin and the inestimable value of a single soul, a baby in a manger and a man on a cross makes more sense that anything else I will ever be able to possibly imagine.
AnkitMishra|Don’t let your consciousness polluted by the sheen of the clothing. White, black, brown or any color of the skin is nothing but the clothing we are born with and remember that eventually we all are connected dots of this universe through our souls.
Ayushman Jamwal|Let me not fear defeat or death,Let me not fear being forgotten,Let my defiance sustain my soul,Let it remain with me ever after.Poem: Prayer to the God of Rebellion, in ‘Chameleon Lights
Denise Stark|loved him with my eyes closed and my heart wide-open. And, when my naked soul saw his for the first time--it was like looking into a mirror. I recognized myself, in him, in an instant. It were as though my own reflection was staring back at me. There was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide; for, our souls had shared the same hiding place. I had loved his soul, first.
Denise Stark|I loved him with my eyes closed and my heart wide-open. And, when my naked soul saw his for the first time--it was like looking into a mirror. I recognized myself, in him, in an instant. It were as though my own reflection was staring back at me. There was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide; for, our souls had shared the same hiding place. I had loved his soul, first.
Virginia Alison|Passion drove her deeper, into the abyss beneath his skin where she mapped his soul to the dance of his heartbeat...
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Fulfil the needs of the soul, which travels beyond the death and which will survive the extinction of the world.
Yann Martel, The High Mountains of Portugal|They never look very big on the table, the bodies. It's built to accommodate the largest frames, there's that. And they're naked. But it's something else. That parcel of the being called the soul-weighing twenty-one grams, according to the experiments of the American doctor Duncan MacDougall-takes up a surprising amount of space, like aloud voice. In its absence, the body seems to shrink
Akshay Vasu|She has the most bizarre and beautiful soul I had ever seen. Her eyes shined always like a sky full of stars, While a huge storm was destroying everything she had in her heart and ripping her soul apart.
Kamand Kojouri|Mist to mist, drops to drops. For water thou art, and unto water shalt thou return.
Omrane Khuder|I PAINT MY FACE.By Omrane Khuder.Mirror, distorted; I sit, paint my Face,Toxic white Make-up buries my Scars,My Eyes tell lies; Dumbfounded Confidence hides the Disgrace.Place the tragic Vehicle called My Life in to Drive,Sad pathetic Clown; Late for the suppression show,Despair another time; Let the chuckles and defeat derive.I paint my Heart; I hide my True.I paint my Soul; I keep it from You.I paint, I cannot accept; To ignore you the way you ignore Me?I paint my scarred and pitiful Face; No Will left to restore Me.I paint my Face; it’s all I know to do.My painted Face shatters the Mirror, yet still all I see is You.
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|Set within the seed of the soul is not jut a fleeting image or a vague pattern but a lifelong story enfolded within, waiting to be cracked open and lived all the way out.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The dead are immune from our prison of Time. The distance between the living and dead may be vast, but the space of Time the dead experience when they are reunited with their loved ones is only paper-thin.
Akshay Vasu|How does it feel to break a part of you each day and feed to the demons inside the other person in the name of love.How many days will you do that? Have your ever thought about what happens after those demons had enough of you and decideto leave you for the taste of new soul? Look at yourself once, How much of you is remaining for yourself? Will ever get that part of you back?
G.H. Finn, How to Trick the Devil|She was working as a waitress in a cocktail bar when she decided to summon the devil and sell her soul for fame. As you do. Hell, we’ve all been there… Of course, things didn’t go according to plan. Never have, never will…
Akshay Vasu|Love is when you start denying all the definitions it was given before and you start finding your own. It is when the other person craves to see your bare soul more than your bare skin. It is something that happens between souls, where the touch of their fingers on your skin lits fire to your soul and destroys you in the most beautiful way possible and makes you end up craving to be destroyed even more.
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|There was plenty for the eye to feast on, but nothing for the soul. He had a hunger for something that no sky could satisfy. Somewhere on the planet there had to be a different kind of light.
Roshan Sharma|Move deep in your sensation, and you will realize the spirit in the body. Your life is possible only because of the spirit. The spirit is your power in the body.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you encounter the Savior, He will save your soul.
Abeer Allan|My Solo Adventure #1- Bali: Imagination unlocked, escaping a cage drawn by a relentless life. Soul freed, reaching beyond the hidden dimensions of an uncertain universe. Thirst. Hunger. Rebirth. For forever we are greedy.
Virginia Alison|A timeless energy encircles the world, drawing humanity into its grasp, eternally swirling, pulling souls together, tearing them apart in the eternal struggle of love, life and loss...
Doc, Finding Normal|I've got to tell you that my vocation, my true calling, is serving others. Medicine is my avocation; it's part of how I answer my calling, but it's not all of it. I minister to bodies, but I also minister to hearts and souls.
Salman Rushdie, Two Years Eight Months and Twenty-Eight Nights|Ibn Rushd caressing her body had often praised its beauty to the point at which she grew irritated and said, You do not think my thoughts worth praising, then. He replied that the mind and body were one, the mind was the form of the human body, and as such was responsible for all the actions of the body, one of which was thought. To praise the body was to praise the mind that ruled it. Aristotle had said this and he agreed, and because of this it was hard for him, he whispered blasphemously in her ear, to believe that consciousness survived the body, for the mind was of the body and had no meaning without it. She did not want to argue with Aristotle and said nothing. Plato was different, he conceded. Plato thought the mind was trapped in the body like a bird and only when it could shed that cage would it soar and be free.
George Washington Carver|How do I talk to the flower?Through it I walk to the Infinite.And what is the infinite?It is that silent, small force. It isn't the outer physical contact. No, it isn't that. The infinite is not confirmed in the visible world.It is not in the earthquake, the wind or the fire. It is that still small voice that calls up the fairies. Yet when you look out upon God's beautiful world- there it is. When you look onto the heart of a rose there you experience it- but you can't explain it. There are certain things, often very little things, like the peanut, the little piece of clay, the little flower that cause you to look within-and then you see the soul of things.
Anthony Liccione|I see you better in music, I hear you better in wind, I feel you more in a flooding moonlight, that understands nothing, but darkness and silence.
Akshay Vasu|She was asked to pour out everything she had, but all she had was an empty soul.
Socrates|A man who preserves his integrity no real, long-lasting harm can ever come.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|With jealousy, a parasite takes root in your heart. It becomes a cancer that eats away at your soul.
Ezra Pound|Listen to me, attend me!And I will breathe into thee a soul,And thou shalt live for ever.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Humility is the greatest shaper of souls and crafter of character, for it wipes away all the grandiose things that we spend so much of our lives pretending to be, so that we can spend all of our lives being the exceptional person that we were actually created to be.
Akshay Vasu|Even after you leave someone, or they leave you and you start your life all over again, pretending that you have moved on. There is always a piece of you that you have left behind with them. You can never get that back, even years together after you said you moved on. The moment you see them you are going to remember the first time you spoke, the first time you walked together. The way each other's fingers touched accidentally for the first time and the way you felt inside their arms. Each and every moment that made you weak. That is what the piece you had left behind of them is capable of doing to you.
Robert Graves|There is no money in poetry, but then there is no poetry in money.
John Connolly, The Whisperers|After all, evil was a kind of poison, an infection of the soul.
Ashok Khurana|If you Looking for Perfection ,Perfect yourself by Looking Withinby isolating the Rule of Ego and Handing over the Reins of Karma Chariot to the Soul !No one can do The Perfect Act for You but your Soul in the Presence of The Supreme Soul !
Morris R. Gates|How many infinite lives have been lived since man first had consciousness or awareness of his soul?And how many of those souls have stared up at the stars in wonder; pondered the meaning of their existence, the meaning of life, the thoughts of their ancestors, dreamed of the futures of his offspring and the purpose of all that is man?How long will we wander before the truth is found?
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|Rylan!"Nadia and I turn our heads simultaneously towards the entrance to the living room as Tim Powers appears."Yeah?" I yell across the room.That's when I notice the expression on Power' face. A mixture of awe, amazement, appreciation, and a bit of jealousy."Your girlfriend's here," Tim informs me.He steps aside, and a goddess enters the room.It's been forever since I first had those dreams Ivy sent me with her in her disguise. But I still remember how she looks. Pale skin, long hair, bright-green eyes, and a model's figure. A perfect dream girl, who's now reality.Ivy smiles shyly as she steps into the room. Her skin is porcelain, unflawed and shiny. White-blind hair, straight and flowing, falls down her back and ends a little bit past her waist. She's not wearing her woven grass robe, but instead a dress mist likely altered from a piece of clothing from her clothes sack. It probably reached the floor at one point, with long sleeves, but the sleeves are gone and the skirt's been snipped away, leaving behind a green dress that shows off mile-long legs.But her face...all that pales in comparison to her face. Heart-shaped, with high cheekbones, an elegant nose, a well-shaped chin, and her lips—she's not covering them anymore—two shimmering, bright green pools I would be happy to drown in or go through. People believe the eyes are the window to your soul, and Ivy's soul is beautiful.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I remained Lailah, the redeem soul.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A storm-filled life replete with piercing and unearthly sounds ravages the soul of any thoughtful person. In contrast, the genteel wind of restoration moves silently, invisibly. Renewal is a spiritual process, the communal melody that sustains us. Inexpressible braids of tenderness whispering reciprocating chords of love for family, friends, humankind, and nature plaits interweaved layers of blissful atmosphere, which copious heart song brings spiritual rejuvenation. For when we love in a charitable and bountiful manner without reservation, liberated from petty jealously, and free of the toxic blot of discrimination, we become the ineluctable wind that vivifies the lives of other people. The mellifluous changes in heaven, earth, and our journey through the travails of time, while worshiping the trove of fathomless joys of life, constitute the seeds of universal poetry.
Akshay Vasu|Time is a lie. Each second, when I am not with you, seems like an eternity and every moment when your breath touches my skin, which makes each bit of my soul crave for you feels the same too. Each hour when I am with you seems like a second and when I am inside your arms, even eternity feels the same too.
Michael Meade, Why the World Doesn't End: Tales of Renewal in Times of Loss|Soul is found where life deepens us, where meaning calls to us, where trouble deters us, wherever and however we slow down in the midst of the rushing and racing at the surface level of life.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|To love means to embrace and at the same time to withstand many endings, and many many beginnings—all in the same relationship.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|To love one’s neighbour in the immovable depths means to love in others that which is eternal; for one’s neighbour, in the truest sense of the term, is that which approaches the nearest to God; in other words, all that is best and purest in man; and it is only by ever lingering near the gates I spoke of, that you can discover the divine in the soul.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|As a woman lives them, she will understand more and more of these interior feminine rhythms, among them the rhythms of creativity, or birthing psychic babies and perhaps also human ones, the rhythms of solitude, of play, of rest, of sexuality, and of the hunt.
Maurice Maeterlinck|Look upon men and things with the inner eye, with its form and desire, never forgetting that the shadow they throw as they pass by, upon hillock or wall, is but the fleeting image of a mightier shadow, which, like the wing of an imperishable swan, floats over every soul that draws near to their soul. Do not believe that thoughts such as these can be mere ornaments, and without influence upon the lives of those who admit them. It is far more important that one’s life should be perceived than that it should be transformed; for no sooner has it been perceived, than it transforms itself of its own accord.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|The word pneuma (breath) shares its origins with the word psyche; they are both considered words for soul. So when there is song in a tale or mythos, we know that the gods are being called upon to breathe their wisdom and power into the matter at hand. We know then that the forces are at work in the spirit world, busy crafting soul.
William Wordsworth|This is the way in which he (poet) did his work. He used to go out with a pencil and a tablet and note what struck him...and make a picture out of it...But Nature does not allow an inventory to be made of her charms! He should have left his pencil behind, and gone forth in a meditative spirit; and, on a later day, he should have embodied in verse not all that he had noted but what he best remembered of the scene; and he would have then presented us with its soul, and not with the mere visual aspect of it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What I allow into my head finds its way to my heart, which is a porthole to my soul. Therefore, I might be wise to consider the state of my soul, and then walk this process backwards.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|Something watches over us and we know it when we follow the little voice inside or heed the warning or inspiration that arrives as if on wings. We need the intermediaries that keep us close to the spirit of life, to the wonders of nature and to the subtleties of our own inner nature.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|The hardest thing in life may be to learn to truly trust that there is something noble and generative in ourselves. This is a greater sense of the notion of believing in our self; to truly believe in oneself means to uncover the inner core of imagination and authenticity that can also be called the genius within us. When we connect to the inner resident of the soul, we also learn how we are woven to the Soul of the World.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|The issue is not simply one of needing to save the world, but also of needing to solve the problem of the loss of soul throughout the modern world. Part of what has been lost in the reckless rushing of modernity is the sense that each life has an authentic interior that shelters important emotions as well as inherent purpose, and that the dignity of existence includes a necessary instinct to unfold the unique story woven inside each living soul.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|Living myth is about the experience of the waters parting again in the here and now. As a critical moment opens before us the spirit of life and genius of the soul speaks to us and through us. What was about to crush us suddenly parts before us and we shoot forward with the sudden vitality of life, fueled by the living imagination needed to survive.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|It is the disaster of our entire existence that we live thus away from our soul, and stand in such dread of its slightest movement. Did we but allow it to smile frankly in its silence and its radiance, we should be already living an eternal life. We have only to think for an instant how much it succeeds in accomplishing during those rare moments when we knock off its chains – for it is our custom to enchain it as though it were distraught – what it does in love, for instance, for there we do permit it at times to approach the lattices of external life.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|Be good at the depth of you, and you will discover that those who surround you will be good even to the same depths. Nothing responds more infallibly to the secret cry of goodness than the secret cry of goodness that is near. While you are actively good in the invisible, all those who approach you will unconsciously do things that they could not do by the side of any other man.
Jane Yolen, The Devil's Arithmetic|Know, my son, that the enemy will always be with you. He will be in the shadow of your dreams and in your living flesh, for he is the other part of yourself. There will be times when he will surround you with walls of darkness. But remember always that your soul is secure to you, for your soul is entire, and that he cannot enter your soul, for your soul is part of God.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|This invisible and divine goodness, of which I only speak here because of its being one of the surest and nearest signs of the unceasing activity of our soul, this invisible and divine goodness ennobles, in decisive fashion, all that it has unconsciously touched.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|May it not be the supreme aim of life thus to bring to birth the inexplicable within ourselves; and do we know how much we add to ourselves when we awake something of the incomprehensible that slumbers in every corner? Here you have awakened love which will not fall asleep again. … nothing can ever separate two souls which, for an instant, ‘have been good together.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Oh, he understood very well that for the meek soul of a simple Russian, exhausted by grief and hardship and, above all, by constant injustice and sin, his own or the world's, there was no stronger need than to find a holy shrine or a saint to prostrate himself before and to worship.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|To love thus is to love according to the soul; and there is no soul that does not respond to this love. For the soul of man is a guest that has gone hungry these centuries back, and never has it to be summoned twice to the nuptial feast.
Julia Cameron, The Artist's Way|Fame is not the same as success, and in our true souls we know that.
J. Warner Wallace, God's Crime Scene: A Cold-Case Detective Examines the Evidence for a Divinely Created Universe|While physical states can be publicly known, mental states are only privately known. This characteristic of the mind is not shared with the brain; the properties of the brain and the mind are not identical.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Hyperion|O, how wonderful is the human voice! It is indeed the organ of the soul! The intellect of man sits enthroned visibly upon his forehead and in his eye; and the heart of man is written upon his countenance. But the soul reveals itself in the voice only; as God revealed himself to the prophet of old in the still, small voice; and in a voice from the burning bush. The soul of man is audible, not visible. A sound alone betrays the flowing of the eternal fountain, invisible to man!
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|It’s the spark of love’s memory inside your heart that recognizes them and most of the time they recognize you too. That spark is the magnet that always brings us back to each other. Like glue, it binds us together with an invisible cord from lifetime to lifetime, soul mate to soul mate.
Tamara Stamenkovic|We almost made love with fire, fire in our eyes, fire in our souls, and even in our bones.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|Death has come and atoned for all. I have no grievance against the soul of the man before me. Instinctively do I recognise that it soars high above the gravest faults and the cruellest wrongs (and how admirable and full of significance is this instinct!). If there linger still a regret within me, it is not that I am unable to inflict suffering in my turn, but it is perhaps that my love was not great enough and that my forgiveness has come too late. …
Debasish Mridha|In my silence and stillness, my soul dances with the ecstasy of life.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Nobility|If you would see a man's heart, knock him down. Then observe how he rises. If you would see his soul, do it a thousand times more.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|If I tell some one that I love him – as I may have told a hundred others – my words will convey nothing to him; but the silence which will ensue, if I do indeed love him, will make clear in what depths lie the roots of my love, and will in its turn give birth to a conviction, that shall itself be silent; and in the course of a lifetime, this silence and this conviction will never again be the same. …
Angie karan|Forgive your self and others by removing the anger that stands in your way and replace it with love, to heal your soul and your spirit.
Stephen Crane, Maggie: A Girl of the Streets & Other Stories|But as the girl timidly accosted him, he gave a convulsive movement and saved hisrespectability by a vigorous side-step. He did not risk it to save a soul. For how was he toknow that there was a soul before him that needed saving?
Peggy Toney Horton|Whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul, I shall recall the memory of warm, sunny, late summer afternoons like this one, and be comforted greatly.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|It is a thing that knows no limit, and before it all men are equal; and the silence of king or slave, in presence of death, or grief, or love, reveals the same features, hides beneath its impenetrable mantle the self-same treasure. For this is the essential silence of our soul, our most inviolable sanctuary, and its secret can never be lost;
Tracey Bond, Spirit Fed Entrepreneur: Growing Your Business with a Fearless Mindset|Sublimely mysterious and immeasurably powerful, is the stewardship that the sound of music can have over the soul.
Zalman Schachter-Shalomi, Paradigm Shift: From the Jewish Renewal Teachings of Reb Zalman Schachter-Shalomi|As we watch the process in which the soul becomes thought or speech, we notice that many a time we ease ourselves into convenient clichés that have little of the new insight in them. Once more we are trapped by habits that are the dunghills upon which the creeds feed. It takes vigilance and humble courage to make acts of faith. After all, where faith is weak, there is an abundance of beliefs. With this in mind we may be more humble about our tradition and our sureness, yet also a bit more proud of the holy process in our inner being that keeps teaching and guiding us.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|As gold and silver are weighed in pure water, so does the soul test its weight in silence, and the words that we let fall have no meaning apart from the silence that wraps them round.
Nikki Rowe|You won't forget a woman like her, easily anyway. Once you cross paths with Magic it's hard to see life the same.
Akshay Vasu|I will continue to exist in all these little moments. where we took the first dip of love and my heart skipped a beat. Our first walk, the first touch which burnt my soul, that first rain, the first kiss, the first comfortable silence between us. How many years may pass, Whenever I am sitting near the window and its raining or whenever I am sitting by a fireside and its cold, There will always be a piece of me which reminds me of you. It will stay in this moment forever.
Meghan Don, The New Divine Feminine: Spiritual Evolution for a Woman's Soul|Entering into and opening to our inherent spacious soul daily allows a natural liberation of our manifold self-identifications to occur, and it is then that we can truly rest in the sacredness and come to know our ground of being. The great Celtic writer John O’Donohue points to this when he says that “behind the façade of your life, there is something beautiful and eternal happening.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|And it is because we all of us know of this sombre power and its perilous manifestations, that we stand in so deep a dread of silence. We can bear, when need must be, the silence of ourselves, that of isolation: but the silence of many - silence multiplied - and above all the silence of a crowd - these are supernatural burdens, whose inexplicable weight brings dread to the mightiest soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When the soul is set on fire, great things manifest.
Gunther Hauk, Toward Saving the Honeybee|The word animal is a derivative of the Greek word anima, which also means soul.
N. Kazantzakis|There is a kind of flame in Crete - let us call it "soul" - something more powerful than either life or death. There is pride, obstinacy, valor, and together with these something else inexpressible and imponderable, something which makes you rejoice that you are human being, and at the same time tremble. (Report to Greco)
N. Kazantzakis|The soul knows full well (even though it pretends to forget many times) that it must render account to the paternal soil. I do not say "fatherland", I say "paternal soil". The paternal soil is something deeper, more modest, more reserved, and is composed of age-old pulverized bones.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With self-assured spirit, the soul is indomitable.
N. Kazantzakis|I had allowed my body to take whatever path it wished. The fact that it was guiding me and not I it gave me great pleasure. I had confidence. The body is not blind unwrought material when bathed in Greek light; it is suffused with abundant soul which makes it phosphoresce, and it left free, it is able to arrive at its own decision and find the correct road without the mind's intervention. Conversely, the soul is not an invisible airy phantom; it has taken on some body's sureness and warmth in its own right, and it savors the world with what you might call carnal pleasure, as though it had a mouth and nostrils and hands with which to caress this world. Man often lacks the persistence to maintain all of his humanity. He mutilates himself. Sometimes he wishes to be released from his soul sometimes from his body. To enjoy both together seems a heavy sentence. But here is Greece these two graceful, deathless elements are able to commingle like hot water with cold, the soul to take something from the body, the body from the soul. They become friends, and thus man, here on Greece's divine threshing floor, is able to live and journey unmutilated, intact. (Report to Greco)
N. Kazantzakis|I had allowed my body to take whatever path it wished. The fact that it was guiding me and not I it gave me great pleasure. I had confidence. The body is not blind unwrought material when bathed in Greek light; it is suffused with abundant soul which makes it phosphoresce, and it left free, it is able to arrive at its own decision and find the correct road without the mind's intervention. Conversely, the soul is not an invisible airy phantom; it has taken on some body's sureness and warmth in its own right, and it savors the world with what you might call carnal pleasure, as though it had a mouth and nostrils and hands with which to caress this world. Man often lacks the persistence to maintain all of his humanity. He mutilates himself. Sometimes he wishes to be released from his soul sometimes from his body. To enjoy both together seems a heavy sentence. But here in Greece these two graceful, deathless elements are able to commingle like hot water with cold, the soul to take something from the body, the body from the soul. They become friends, and thus man, here on Greece's divine threshing floor, is able to live and journey unmutilated, intact. (Report to Greco)
N. Kazantzakis|I had allowed my body to take whatever path it wished. The fact that it was guiding me and not I it gave me great pleasure. I had confidence. The body is not blind unwrought material when bathed in Greek light; it is suffused with abundant soul which makes it phosphoresce, and is left free, it is able to arrive at its own decision and find the correct road without the mind's intervention. Conversely, the soul is not an invisible airy phantom; it has taken on some body's sureness and warmth in its own right, and it savors the world with what you might call carnal pleasure, as though it had a mouth and nostrils and hands with which to caress this world. Man often lacks the persistence to maintain all of his humanity. He mutilates himself. Sometimes he wishes to be released from his soul sometimes from his body. To enjoy both together seems a heavy sentence. But here in Greece these two graceful, deathless elements are able to commingle like hot water with cold, the soul to take something from the body, the body from the soul. They become friends, and thus man, here on Greece's divine threshing floor, is able to live and journey unmutilated, intact. (Report to Greco)
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|If we meet a myth with our lives and deepest concerns, the mythic oracles speak directly to us. Myths are oracular in the sense that each person can receive a message or an insight that relates to their life circumstances. The point has never been to “believe” in myths or to simply accept what others have said they mean. The key issue with mythic images is to let them speak to us, wherever and whenever we find ourselves seeking guidance, permission, or understanding.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|As the sun sets, something in me rises! Do you think it could be my soul? I feel it's a big probability!
Nikki Rowe|You won't find me dancing in a club at night but you will find me climbing mountains to see the sunrise, with a glimmer of hope and a smile on my face ~ this is life baby and freedom fills my days.
Rene Denfeld, The Enchanted|How odd it is, that the dead weigh more than the living. You would think it would be the opposite, but it isn't. I think it is because souls give bodies lightness and air. When the soul leaves, the body has nothing left and is desperate to return to the earth. That's why it's so heavy.
Claire North, The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August|And certainly I know I have the capacity within me to be all of that again, to feel all of that again, and know that, while the door may be currently locked, there is a black pit in the bottom of my soul that has no limit to its falling.
Lian Hearn, The Emperor of the Eight Islands|I am what I am and what I have always been, a poor soul on a journey.
Dada Bhagwan|One achieves the Self-state (swa-artha) while searching for the highest truth (param-artha). The search for the highest truth is solely for the purpose of attaining the Self, and once the Self is attained there is no need to search for the highest truth.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Feeling guilt dims our light. Instead of dimming our light to make others feel more comfortable, we could just continue to shine and foster the rise of the vibrations of those around us.Being Happy and Feeling Good does not mean you have no compassion for the misery of those around you. It simply means you won’t dim your light to make them feel comfortable – instead, you’re going to help light the way.At first, your light may be a bit too bright for others and it may hurt their eyes, yet it’s far better to shine rather than to hide your light. When you hide your light for too long, it extinguishes and you slip right back into darkness…unable to find your way until someone ‘shiny’ comes along to light your way and help you to find the light you still possess within, your Soul’s Magnificence.
Michael Smith, The Present|Your two selves: Most people are not aware of the fact that they have two different selves. You have a mind and a spirit (consciousness), and though they seem like one thing, they are separate. The way to realize that this is true is to realize that something has to be listening to the thoughts created by your mind.What is it that hears your thoughts?There is the part of you that thinks and the part that hears the thoughts. The thinking part is your mind; the part that hears the thoughts is your spiritual-self. You do not actually hear thoughts through your ears, because your mind is already inside your head. The point is, your spiritual-self receives the things the mind creates in a similar way to hearing them.Check it out: Just ask yourself, what is it that is hearing the thoughts you are thinking right now?It is your spiritual-self, the same thing that receives all life.
Avijeet Das|Your Eyes, they talk to the Soul!
Robert Christgau|...unlike Aretha, [Al Green's] only rival vocally, Al never sold himself short in the studio. Where the albums follow the vagaries of genius, the hits exploit Al's personal production line, every one a perfect soul record and a perfect pop record in whatever order suits your petty little values. Brashly feminine and seductively woman-friendly, he breaks free in a register that darts and floats and soars into falsetto with startling frequency and beguiling ease. He's so gorgeous, so sexy, so physically attractive that only masochists want to live without him.
Michael Smith, The Present|Immortality: "It is impossible to be conscious of being unconscious."It is not possible to be aware of being unconscious from your own perspective. You cannot be aware of not being aware. You can be less aware/conscious, such as when you are asleep, but not completely unconscious (dead), because time would stand still for you. A billion years could pass, and you would not know it.How do you know you are dead? It is not possible to be aware of any gaps in life; it is continuous and never-ending from your own point of view.Death and birth are a continuous event from your own perspective.You will die physically, but you will be born into a new physical body. Being born happens, or you would not be here now. You were born into this life. It is what we know happens. There is no evidence anything else happens. True or false?
N. Kazantzakis|There us a kind of flame in Crete - let us call it "soul" - something more powerful than either life or death. There is pride, obstinacy, valor, and together with these something else inexpressible and imponderable, something which makes you rejoice that you are a human being, and at the same time tremble. (Report to Greco)
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|a single poemthe thing that can keep melight on my feet,when my soul isheavy with sorrow.
Nikki Rowe|I urge you to sit with yourself for 5 minutes and pour your heart out, ask yourself the serious questions ~ not the day to day duties we get caught up in. I can assure you, the 5 minutes spent reflecting on the life you have lived and how much more you're yet to achieve will spark something in you that we all forgot we have.
Kyra Jackson|Now I know I'm not broken,For the stars within my soul,Have just built constellations,To keep me feeling whole.
Dada Bhagwan|Knowledge that brings closure [settlement] to the mind in every way is Absolute Knowledge and it indeed is the all encompassing Knowledge that always gives complete closure [settlement, solutions].
Chinonye J. Chidolue|In the struggle between the “needs” of the soul and the “wants” of the body, satisfy the soul first for it carries also the riches of the body.
Dada Bhagwan|In order to make the egoism non-existent [zero], the Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] establishes the awareness of the Pure Soul within.
jagvir ji|who are you to teach me about life " she said"I'm yourself in just another body " he said nd smiled "but i dont know all this" she wondered "we know everything but we have forgotten our real self nd replace it with false identity, whatever you see is the extension of your self nd i hope one day you will able to relize that " he said without expression
Reza Rusandi|It’s hurtful somehow to admit this thing and anyway that doesn’t mean i’m losing my faith in this beautiful world. But these days now is the time where people have become so much more-excuse me-shallow. When all of the fancy things and outer beauty are demanded, and those who are lost enough to chase and manage to get those things, they will happen to get very nice response from social and able to expand their images and get famous and be seen as someone who has value. Meanwhile those who could see deeper and their souls are insecure of this mad world, they will have smaller space in width but they will dig deeper and deeper into their self, making space in height, finding the true meaning of their souls, the true essential unshakable truth that’s beyond the fragile material worldly things.
Dada Bhagwan|Life is there to attain Liberation while going through the experience of it. It should not be ‘above normal’ or ‘below normal,’ it should be ‘normal’.
Dada Bhagwan|Chit’s tendencies can become pure [transparent] in front of God, but people don’t have this knowhow. The easiest solution to purify chit’s tendencies is to associate with a person who has the least amount of desires and the ultimate solution to make them pure is the inner visual contemplation (niddidhyasan) of the Vitarag (the enlightened ones who are free of all attachments).
Dada Bhagwan|What is the nature of the Self (Soul)? To ‘see’ the dharma (function) of everything, to see ‘who is performing what function, and how that function is being performed.’ To ‘see’ it, is called the function of the Self (Soul).
Jay Woodman|I entrain myself (when I remember to)by tuning in to higher frequenciesin the ether, in my soul, everywhere I go,always accessible, always helpfulfor obtaining a higher perspectivein a matter of minutes.
Dada Bhagwan|Why is there so much problem just to know one’s own Soul? The Soul resides in one’s own abode (body), but one doesn’t know it and then he says, ‘I know this and I know that so’. Instead why don’t you get to know your own ‘Self’?
Virginia Alison|Passion is life and delights await those whose soul lusts for new experiences. Every breath should stir deep, simmering desire for those who incite torrid urges and send blood coursing through fevered veins. Throw each shiver hard against unyielding rock, salaciously invade the soft pleasures whose ripe lips hunger for satisfaction, demanding the flame be fanned and thirst be quenched…Demand no less, take no prisoners…
Dada Bhagwan|One enjoyed the mental pleasures through ignorance (of the Self), and that is cause of the worldly life. Only the bliss of the ‘Knowledge’ [of the Soul, one’s True Self] is to be enjoyed.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as one is involved in worldly interactions, there is pleasure of the mind; and after knowing the Self (Soul), there is bliss of the Soul.
Dada Bhagwan|If one were to worship the Soul (self) for even a moment, he will attain moksha without fail. Such is the elegance of the body-complex (paudgalik ramanta) in this world!
Dada Bhagwan|Once the bliss of the Soul (Self) is attained, it never leaves you. Bliss of the Soul (Self) is eternal.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Getting to that place of no thought, is not only a spiritual workout, it is enthused bliss for the soul.
Clayton Montgomery|I imagine music sitting in a chair across from me saying "and how does that make you feel?".
Dada Bhagwan|The greatest wonder of this world is the “Soul”. Once It is realized (attained), everything is attained!!!
Nikki Rowe|Self discovery is the most empowering time of your life, you remember who you are and you become the best version of yourself but what they forget to tell you is, to get to a point of pleasure you must face the pain.
Nikki Rowe|The thought of never crossing your path again is to enormous to bare, so for now I'll make dreams in my heart and remind myself to go and sit & remember them every once in a while.
Nikki Rowe|My soul remembered him, my heart connected with him but time had separated him from wanting me right now.
Nikki Rowe|Just dabbing pieces of my heart into things that make me shine, my little young simple life.
Nikki Rowe|Have you ever met someone for the first time but feel like you've known them all your life, a sense of déjàvu and synchronicity wrapped into one little motherf*cking mystery to untangle the way our lives are ruled by logic. I have and my life has never been the same since.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|Yes! all is past—swift time has fled away,Yet its swell pauses on my sickening mind;How long will horror nerve this frame of clay?I'm dead, and lingers yet my soul behind.Oh! powerful Fate, revoke thy deadly spell,And yet that may not ever, ever be,Heaven will not smile upon the work of Hell;Ah! no, for Heaven cannot smile on me;Fate, envious Fate, has sealed my wayward destiny.
Moosa Rahat|The more I read the Quran, the clearer I see the hidden wickedness lurking in the shadows of my soul.
Paul Twitchell, The Shariyat-Ki-Sugmad: Book One|The teachings of ECK define the nature of Soul. You are Soul, a particle of God sent into this world to gain spiritual experience.
Dada Bhagwan|To ‘us’, nothing except the Soul (Atma) is beautiful, and there is indeed no such thing as bad in this world. Bad is to deviate from one’s own ‘boundary’ (to not remain as the Self).
Dada Bhagwan|When unity of the mind, speech and body occurs, God has called that the ‘foremost’ religion. If they do not remain in unison, you should maintain the intent of ‘I want to keep them in unison’; then some day it will come into fruition if this resolve is there.
Laura Esquivel|She said that each of us is born with a box of matches inside us but we can't strike them all by ourselves; just as in the experiment, we need oxygen and a candle to help. In this case, the oxygen, for example, would come from the breath of the person you love; the candle could be any kind of food, music, caress, words, or sound that engenders the explosion that lights one of the matches. For a moment we are dazzled by an intense emotion. A pleasant warmth grows within us, fading slowly as time goes by, until a new explosion comes along to revive it. Each person has to discover what will set off those explosions in order to live, since the combustion that occurs when one of them is ignited is what nourishes the soul. That fire, in short, is its food. If one doesn't find out in time what will set off those explosions, the box of matches dampens, and not a single match will ever be lighted. If that happens, the soul flees from the body and goes to wander among the deepest shades, trying in vain to find food to nourish itself, unaware that only the body it left behind, cold, and defenseless, is capable of providing that food. That's why it's important to keep your distance from people who have frigid breath. Just their presence can put out the most intense fire, with results we're familiar with. If we stay a good distance away from those people, it's easier to protect ourselves from being extinguished.
Nikki Rowe|My body's been touched a thousand or more times but I am craving something so much deeper than that ~ I desire to be felt, right down to the core of my soul and the corners of my heart. That's what love is about isn't it ~ cracking yourself open to the possibility that it could change your life.
Chigozie Obioma, The Fishermen|That story, as all good stories, planted a seed in my soul and never left me.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|I’m just a soul whose intentions are good,’“ he sang to the crabs and the spiders and the palmetto beetles and the lizards and the night. ‘“Oh lord, please don’t let me be misunderstood.
Kamand Kojouri|My mind is being consumed by you.My body is longing for you. Just one touch or a kiss, And I shall be satiated for a thousand years.
Lisa Kleypas, Marrying Winterborne|You shouldn't be shy," he told her. "I'd give my soul for a glimpse of you without your clothes.""Don't joke about that.""About seeing you naked? I wasn't joking.""Your soul," Helen said earnestly. "It's too important.
Nikki Rowe|My soul has always remembered you, my mind is just trying to catch up.
Seyyed Hossein Nasr, Science  Civilization in Islam|All spiritual techniques seek to awaken fallen man from the dream in which he lives : he dreams continuously of individual state of being, and of the many forms through which the external world presents itself to him; he builds for himself a paradise of illusions, so as to forget the absence of God. To recover the vision of the spiritual world, the soul of man must "die" to this dream, this ceaseless flow of images which fallen man regards as normal, everyday state of his consciousness.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|This is a place of mystery, Daniel, a sanctuary. Every book, every volume you see here, has a soul. The soul of the person who wrote it and of those who read it and lived and dreamed with it. Every time a book changes hands, every time someone runs his eyes down its pages, its spirit grows and strengthens. This place was already ancient when my father brought me here for the first time, many years ago. Perhaps as old as the city itself. Nobody knows for certain how long it has existed, or who created it. I will tell you what my father told me, though. When a library disappears, or a bookshop closes down, when a book is consigned to oblivion, those of us who know this place, its guardians, make sure that it gets here. In this place, books no longer remembered by anyone, books that are lost in time, live forever, waiting for the day when they will reach a new reader's hands. In the shop we buy and sell them, but in truth books have no owner. Every book you here has been somebody's best friend. Now they only have us, Daniel. Do you think you'll be able to keepsuch a secret?' My gaze was lost in the immensity of the place and itssorcery of light. I nodded, and my father smiled.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|God is that force that drives us to really see each other and to really behold each other and care for each other and respond to each other. And for me, that is actually enough. That cultivating it, that thinking about it, worshipping it, working towards it, taking care of it, nurturing it in myself, nurturing it in other people, that really is a life’s work right there, and it doesn’t have to be any bigger than that. God doesn’t have to be out in the next solar system over bashing asteroids together. It’s plenty, just the God that I work with.”  Kate Braestrup
Caitlín R. Kiernan, Threshold|That would be showing him a part of her soul, a part of her mind, that she's never risked showing anyone. The raw and squirming part that indifferent high-school counselor were always prying at, the part therapists tried to trick her into showing them for free, the part her parents hated her for. The light and the darkness behind her eyes. The soft places.
Durjoy Datta, When Only Love Remains|....she has realized why people believe in a soul. It's because they have to for they have no other choice. It's hard to bear that all the conversations, all the memories you had with your parents,with your sisters, with the person you loved were burnt or buried, snuffed out of life. So conveniently, people invented the soul, not for the benefit of the deceased, but the loved ones he or she left behind, to make them feel that while they suffer, he or she is watching, and that they equally miss them, like they, too, think of them, and they, too, are watching him.We can't think of the people we love as bodies buried in caskets or an urn full of ashes, so we think of them as a concentrated mist of nothingness which we call the human soul. No matter how hard they we try to make ourselves believe that they are around us, the truth is that they are gone.
Dada Bhagwan|The Soul’s doership has arisen due to ignorance. Because of this, the inner working components of antaskaran [mind, intellect, chitta and ego] have arisen, and so has the relative-self [prakruti].
Dada Bhagwan|Once you understand the innate nature (relative self, prakruti) of the other person, you can remain in an attachment-free state with that person. It is Knowledge (Gnan) to understand the innate nature of a person, and once Knowledge arises, so will conduct.
Nikki Rowe|Fate will catch up to you, souls don't have a physical address.
Durjoy Datta, When Only Love Remains|....she has realized why people believe in a soul. It's because they have to for they have no other choice. It's hard to bear that all the conversations, all the memories you had with your parents,with your sisters, with the person you loved were burnt or buried, snuffed out of life. So conveniently, people invented the soul, not for the benefit of the deceased, but the loved ones he or she left behind, to make them feel that while they suffer, he or she is watching, and that they equally miss them, like they, too, think of them, and they, too, are watching him.
Dada Bhagwan|Once a person starts seeing his own mistakes, he starts to become Parmatma, (absolute supreme Self)!
Dada Bhagwan|As long as one finds faults with the world, he won’t be able to find anything about the Soul (Self). He who sees his own faults is the Soul (Self) himself!
Dada Bhagwan|When one sees one’s own faults, he attains a state of an abode of Self-illuminated Bliss!
Nikki Rowe|He was the safe place I would go when the world became shaky, he would either guide me through the dark or awaken my sense to appreciate my light.
Stefan Emunds|Don't lose heart, we're just rusty angels.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|You realized you were surrounded by love, that you were held by love, and that you’d had too small an imagination about that word, that thing. Romantic love, absolutely. Our notion of love— it just seems a very unevolved and very unenlightened notion. That it’s this one person who you will meet. Eve Ensler
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Savage though he was, and hideously marred about the face-at least to my taste-his countenance yet had a something in it which was by no means disagreeable. You cannot hide the soul.
Dada Bhagwan|A wife and a husband! For infinite lifetimes this is all one has done. And in doing so, one has lost his Absolute Supreme Self [Parmatma]!
Dada Bhagwan|Even a child cannot sit here without support. Some support will be necessary. No one can live without the support from the material world. After getting the support from one’s own Soul, one doesn’t need the support from the material world. ‘He’ will then become independent [support-free].
Dada Bhagwan|Keep one goal only and that is ‘to know thy Self [Soul]’. Do not be insistent about ‘I want to do this and do that’. Whatever happens, at whatever time, is correct.
Krista Tippett|I’m drawn to the Jewish notion of the soul, nephesh, which is not something preexistent but emergent—forming in and through physicality and relational experience. This suggests that we need our bodies to claim our souls. The body is where every virtue lives or dies, but more: our bodies are access points to mystery. And in some way that barely makes sense to me, I’m sure that we have to have feet planted on the ground, literally and metaphysically, to reach towards what is beyond and above us.
Nikki Rowe|The magic of life hides in the dusty corners of chaos and you must sweep out the cobwebs of confusion before you reach the calm & euphorically moments; your soul believed, existed all along.
Cassandra Clare, The Course of True Love [and First Dates]|She had a soul, and that meant she could be saved.
Nikki Rowe|If this world always made sense and there wasn't the gloomy dark nights that awakened your soul, you would never grow ~ you would never become, nor seek greater version of yourself.
Nikki Rowe|I don't care what anyone says, the stars give you hope on a dark and gloomy night.
Nikki Rowe|i trust our connection, regardless of what logic has to say.
Nikki Rowe|People underestimate the stars and the connectedness they bring between spirit and matter. More often than not, when lost, we seek solitude in staring into the darkness hoping something speaks back to us, usually through a feeling, a thought or a rare occurrence of a shooting star.
Nikki Rowe|She had something more than material value ~ she had a soul, no money could buy.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Thou I cannot so freely say, My heart is with thee, my soul longeth after thee ; yet can I say, I long for such a longing heart (648).
Muriel Barbery, The Life of Elves|Then there was Jeannot, who was reminded of another war and who was discovering inside himself the roots of a mad hopefulness that made him want to believe that the present hour might appease the torture of memories, and he could again see the paths of his life opening up before him, paths that came to an abrupt end the day he saw his brother die. Every morning he got up to face this wound that no one could see, and he drank his wine and laughed at stories, and his soul was more bare than a rosebush in winter.
Deyth Banger|You can't jugde me for god sake, I know you better than anyone for god sake. You believe in time don't ya??...You believe in bible?? Don't ya???You believe in soul?? Don't ya???...Of Is there a purpose of the purple of the round of going more further than this?, we are still on the top and look what I found!
Deyth Banger|Everyone know is, soul does it or it doesn't exist it really doesn't matter. What does it matter is that you will die soon and you will be out of the Matrix!
Nikki Rowe|When a woman is full of cockiness, I wonder what makes her so insecure. When a man is full of ego, I wonder what he's holding onto.
Ann Voskamp|The highest form of prayer is to the goodness of God. . . . God only desires that our soul cling to him with all of its strength, in particular, that it clings to his goodness.
Nikki Rowe|Your words don't match your vibe, & im trusting my gut this time.
Deyth Banger|Books understand me, but humans don't understand me. They are bad friends books are forever as well as computer's and Tv and everything else which doesn't have soul. Although that dogs and cats and many other animals are quite interesting friends.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Love is worth so much more than money. There are so many people who are filthy rich, but have nobody to genuinely love them. Unconditional love is priceless. If you have someone who really loves you for your heart, without any conditions, then you are truly one of the wealthiest people in the world.
Kamand Kojouri|Love, the exotic bird, came and went.Heart forgot love.Joy, the majestic willow, wept and died.Mind forgot joy.Hope, the basement lamp, fell and broke.Soul forgot hope.Self, the anxious caterpillar, took flight and dropped.Self forgot self.You, my all, became all my reasons.Reasons left.You left.I never forgot.
Stefan Emunds|Souls spread over the planet and leave no mountain unclimbed, no valley undiscovered, no sea unsailed, ventured even into outer space.Souls mingle and leave no relationship unattempted, no emotion unfelt, no pleasure and pain unexplored.Souls plunge into their minds and leave no tale untold, no image unpainted, no melody unheard.Souls transcend their fantasies and leave no idea unthought, no natural law undescribed, no wisdom undefined. Souls even pass over the thinkeable and witness ineffable realms of other worlds and their inhabitants. Curiosity, the drive to experience, the urge of urges, the world's innermost desire. We, souls, are its foremost scouts. We are the embodiment of the purpose of existence.
Shannon L. Alder|You must do what you need to do to survive, but you will never survive your own heart if you don't also make it a need.
Dada Bhagwan|The one whose egoism is gone, he becomes God. One is a mortal (jivatma) as long as there is egoism and if his egoism goes away, he becomes the eternal Absolute Supreme Soul (Paramatma).
Yolanda De Iuliis, The Memoirs of 'I'|To sought out solace within yourself is the most difficult challenge and is quickly ignored by many, thus can only be achieved when you find truth within oneself
Yolanda De Iuliis, The Memoirs of 'I'|Stop following the con artists, instead become the greatest and brightest artist ever to exist and let others follow your light instead
Yolanda De Iuliis, The Memoirs of 'I'|You become free like you always dreamed, yet you realise that every land is different and you do not belong anywhere yet you live everywhere and that we all share the same lands except you seem to be the only one who realises this fact
Yolanda De Iuliis, The Memoirs of 'I'|To make one think is to change a generation, to build one thought is to grow a better world
Deyth Banger|Believe in whatever if you want believe in "Jesus" the guy who probably doesn't exist.- If he is so powerful and magical as in the bible is said why he didn't save us with clapping hands or something like this and ... tadatada here we are saved?? He is alive and everything is alive!- How for god sake the bad people go in heaven??You kill and you go heaven why??You don't have a thing to communicate so you go in heaven to talk about your travel?- If the stuff about "Jesus" are true logically we should have the ability to go out of the body, which will mean that there is soul, which can't be hold by any thing which will go as far as I know (...Please don't say "Oh, oh I don't like that Idea.." <--- it's logical, if you think in the same way you will find that what is it, believe or not... "To go outside of the body and the body to be without a body the soul to be outside..." <--- you said soul exist didn't you??So now you complain, under soul there are a lot stuff to be put concluded which will mean to be put in the logical order.
Deyth Banger|You can't stop the thought about hell, probably you know that it doesn't exist as far as I can tell you and some other type of sources. But what happen with the serial killers?? THe brutal killers, they go to heaven??? - Really??So there isn't communication between hell and heaven so they put all in one place?? - WTF, how big this soul planet is it?200000000000000000000000000 People even and more are there and everyday you see new born child or children and old people or young people die.... Okay some die because of start of smoke at early age, other people start to smoke and drink alcohol because other have said them it's incrediable to drink, you aren't a human without a drink, you can't be in our group if you don't drink and many other stuff (as Alan Macmillan Orr said in his book The Little book of life)... - Did you knew that there are stuff which believers don't know or know and still believe??You should check out the holy book what's said think little and then do whatever you are on the way to do.- As first I just read a an article called "Souls do not Exist Evidence from Science & Philosophy Against Mind-Body Dualism" what I read it will blow your mind. I'm sure if you believe in god the % will go low or probably you will change you direction...As far as I'm on the road I can tell that there are people which read this and this and this and continue to believe, but it's WRITTEN BLACK ON WHITE THE TRUTH AND THEY PREFER TO STAY IN THE COMFORT ZONE, BECAUSE THERE IS COMFORT IF THEY COME HERE THERE WON'T BE COMFORT FOR THE FEW WEEKS, MONTHS OR EVEN YEARS, THEY NEED TO BUILD EVERYTHING LIKE AGAIN, LIKE YOU HAVE RESET YOUR SCORE AT GAME AND YOU START AGAIN AND AGAIN...
Deyth Banger|May God have mercy on your soul! from Annabelle, as far as now the film reminds for Chucky.
Nikki Rowe|If your heart is conflicted, teach it to be unrestricted.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Your soul is your connection to the Divine. Sacred sex is an activity of joining souls in holy, celestial creation, expressing your appreciation for the gift of life, of sharing your body’s vitality with another.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Being a mother is not about ‘birthing a child into the world.’ Rather, it is about repeatedly ‘birthing into the child’ a steady sense of their inestimable worth, a prized understanding of their authentic self, a conviction that the impossible is largely the stuff of myth, and an utterly unwavering belief that cold actions of men never represent the warm heart of God. It is the relentless act of birthing these things into the innermost soul of a thirsty child that makes a woman a mother.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|In all those stories about people who sold their souls to the devil, I never quite understood why the devil was the bad guy, or why it was okay to screw him out of his soul. They got what they wanted: fame, money, love, whatever—though usually it turned out not to be what they really wanted or expected. Was that the devil's fault? I never thought so. Like John Wayne said, "Life's tough. It's even tougher when you're stupid.
Goitsemang Mvula|Homelessness is not the result of not having a house, it's lack of a soul in a body.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Worry only wears the body, soul and spirit.
Dada Bhagwan|If ‘one’ really were the sufferer or the enjoyer, then he would get tired. But the Self in reality is not experiencing anything. He simply does egoism only.
Dada Bhagwan|If you want to know the answer to ‘Who am I?’, then you will have to go to a Gnani purush [the enlightened one]. The Gnani Purush will give you Knowledge of your real Self [Who Am I] in the presence of the egoism. Thereafter your accounts (karmic) will be settled [& things will start falling in place].
Brownell Landrum, Repercussions: DUET stories Volume IV - Adult Version|If another soul took over your beloved’s body, would you still feel the same way about him or her?
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Being a mother is not about ‘birthing a child into the world.’ Rather, it is about repeatedly ‘birthing into the child’ a steady sense of their inestimable worth, a prized understanding of their authentic self, a conviction that the impossible is largely the stuff of myth, and an utterly unwavering belief that the cold actions of men never represent the warm heart of God. It is the relentless act of birthing these things into the innermost soul of a thirsty child that makes a woman a mother.
Mo Hayder, The Devil of Nanking|I'm not very good at knowing what other people are thinking, but I do know that you can see tragedy, real tragedy, sitting just inside a person's gaze. You can almost always see where a person has been if you look hard enough.
Glyncora Murphy|And if one day there's distanceBetween your hand and mine,When our hands join once again,My heart and soul will shine.
Anonymous|The truth of the matter is, the soul is a monstrous beast. The heart a most unwieldy and a fair weather friend. Why else woud ribs be cages
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every soul is a soul. It is the motives, deeds and actions that define the personality of each soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In deep suffering, you know the sacred soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The body may be weak, but the spirit within sustain the soul.
Kristi Ling, Operation Happiness: The 3-Step Plan to Creating a Life of Lasting Joy, Abundant Energy, and Radical Bliss|Caring for your body, mind, and spirit is your greatest and grandest responsibility. It's about listening to the needs of your soul and then honoring them.
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde|... Man is not truly one, but truly two... even if I could rightly be said to be either, it was only because I was radically both...
Lailah Gifty Akita|Kind heart, kind soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Self pride hinders the soul from flourishing,
Lailah Gifty Akita|Music, dance and meditation are the best medicine for body, soul and spirit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Sacred meditation is greatest medicine for the body, soul and spirit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you do not sow good deeds, you fail to flourish your soul garden.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Human strength fails, but the divinity within strengthen the soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you work all day, when can you connect with your soul?
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|You are not really a noun; you are a verb. You are not really a person; you are a soul in action. You are your embryo, you are your baby, you are your child, you are your adult, and you are your spirit when you pass through this body through this lifetime.
Franz Kafka, Blue Octavo Notebooks|The observer of the soul cannot penetrate into the soul, but there doubtless is a margin where he comes into contact with it.
Earthschool Harmony, Back To Grace|Immersed in surrender and gratitude, celestial pearls of wisdom form rosaries of prayer that entangle with my soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, I got to know my soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In deep suffering, I got to know divinity within my soul.
Wilkie Collins|Nature's voice and Nature's beauty---God's soothing and purifying angels of the soul---speak to me most tenderly and most happily, at such times as these.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It is sad, people what to control others. But they have not learned to know their soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not forget to care for your body, soul and spirit.
Deyth Banger|You as a soul you are alive, you as an actor - dead, as a character - dead... That's life, like it or not, it's not my problem!
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|Seeing with your soul will bless you with greater capacity for awe and wonder, for joy and for appreciation of all the quiet miracles that happen all around us every day when we stop to look and admire.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|You are a beautiful, timeless, strong, eternal, blessed soul.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|In spiritual terms, where ever your mind goes, that’s where your soul follows.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you find your sacred soul, bind the love bond.
Virginia Alison|Some souls are just ...There.They are a constant in your world. You know, no matter what, they will remain. Intrinsically woven into the fabric of your life, inexplicably connected, you are drawn to their intoxicating essence and it is there you will find your reflection staring back at you.Such is love between soul mates...
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, the soul is stretch to find its full strength.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, we resurrect our souls.
Belle Hale, Soul Imprint|I would remember this as one of those moments in life that I can hold onto and smile about, forever.
Dada Bhagwan|One’s Use of Life’, if turns into worldly selfishness is called adharma (irreligion), and if it turns into spiritual selfishness (towards true self) is called dharma (religion).
Lailah Gifty Akita|Pure heart, pure soul.
Jonathan Lethem, The Fortress of Solitude|It was entirely possible that one song could destroy your life. Yes, musical doom could fall on a lone human form and crush it like a bug. The song, that song, was sent from somewhere else to find you, to pick the scab of your whole existence. The song was your personal shitty fate, manifest as a throb of pop floating out of radios everywhere.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When in love, every soul becomes a poet.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Search deeply in your soul, you will find love, peace and joy.
Dada Bhagwan|What I am saying is, ‘Know the science’. Know what is Soul (The True Self) and Non-Soul (Everything other than the Soul). Upon knowing this, all desires will vanish.
Dada Bhagwan|He who wants to go to moksha (Final Liberation), he will have to realize his own self. Otherwise no matter how much of anything else he does, he will not attain moksha (liberation).
Dada Bhagwan|Other’s power, other’s enjoyments, other’s space, people have become the owners of that which does not belong to one’s self. If they become the owners of ‘Self’, death is no more; One is himself, the Absolute Supreme Soul.
Dada Bhagwan|Unless there is a ‘clear evident experience of the True Self’ [spasthvedan], till then ‘Principle’ cannot be attained.
Dada Bhagwan|A reputable person is he who has trust in his own Self. Self means who? “I am Pure Soul”, it is that Self.
Dada Bhagwan|Who doesn’t allow one to attain siddh gati (the final state of Liberation, moksha)? The body-complex (pudgal - that which charges and discharges). Similarly, what doesn’t let a gourd covered with mud, to go on top and float on water? The mud. The negative atoms, they weigh very heavily. They drag the Soul, the Self lower down.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In solitude, you will find the soul.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Enlightenment is the complete flowering of body, mind and the soul.
Mark Gerzon|In the second half of life, our old compasses no longer work. The magnetic fields alter. The new compass that we need cannot be held in our hand, only in our heart. We read it not with our mind alone, but with our soul. Now we yearn for wholeness. We yearn to remember the parts of ourselves that we have forgotten, to nourish those that we have starved, to express those we have silenced, and to bring into the light those we have cast into the shadows. On this quest for wholeness, we must let go of cliches of adult life, both positive and negative . . . Using the best information available , each of us must find his own way. To varying degrees, all of us are trying to break out of . . . the "life structure" that we have built during the first part of our lives.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|My sin murdered Him. And out of this self-loathing shame borne of the understanding that I could perpetrate such a heinous act, I am barely able to raise my head sufficiently to ask what crazed insanity would prompt Jesus to walk out of an empty tomb for the single purpose of pursuing a decaying soul that murdered Him? And I would be wise to consider that the question itself is asked only because I have yet to touch the barest periphery of God’s love despite the fact that because of an empty tomb it stands right in front of me.
Dada Bhagwan|Religion (dharma) is decrease in kashay (anger, pride, deceit and greed) and increase of kashay is irreligion (adharma). When Kashay goes away (completely) is the religion of the Self (Soul).
Lailah Gifty Akita|There lies within thy soul sunshine, let it radiate the sacred light.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you stretch your soul, you will find your sacred spirit.
Dada Bhagwan|Awareness (of the Self) prevails in matters where one becomes attachment-free (vitrag), and where one has attachment-abhorrence, there his awareness will not prevail.
Dada Bhagwan|There are so many things in this world. If we put it in short (succinctly), then what will remain? The ‘pure Soul’ and ‘circumstances’. Moreover, to disperse is the nature of circumstances. Therefore, the Pure Soul will not have to tell them to go away.
Ken Liu, The Paper Menagerie and Other Stories|But being the mirrors for each other's souls has a cost: by the time they part from each other, the individuals in the mating pair have become indistinguishable. Before their merger, they each yearned for the other; as they part, they part from the self. The very quality that attracted them to each other is also, inevitably, destroyed in their union.
Michael Meade|Each life involves an essential errand; not simply the task of survival, but a life-mission embedded in the soul from the beginning.
Rachel L. Schade, Silent Kingdom|The pages afforded glimpses into my soul where I'd hidden it, behind masks of paper and ink.
Vladimir Nabokov, Glory|But then what does it matter whence comes the gentle nudge that jars the soul into motion and sets it rolling, doomed never again to stop?
Michael Meade|Inside each one of us there is a mostly hidden, mostly golden, mostly eternal image or aspect of being, similar to the gold that is buried in the earth. We are the earthlings, the children of the earth, and therefore we are a replica, in a sense, of the earth itself. One of the ideas that is important is: As above, so below. As outside, so within.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The soul who does not live to give the best, deny the sacred self of full strength.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|The spirit and soul are the body and brain, which are destructible-that is precisely why they are so precious.
Phoebe Melano|This moment will disappear and another one will come. And one day, i will sit down and i will try to count them.Full of surprise i will ask myself "Have I really lived so many moments?" I know that they are nevertheless countless and diurnal.But now that you came, every second is different, so different that when it's gone,vacancy fills the place. It goes away, and the person who's yearning for moments like this stays there, praying to live them once more.Just for a thousandth,LASTTIME.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|They say some couples are joined in heaven, and on Earth they look for their partner soul to be with.I knew I had found mine in her. And who can fight heaven?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Good heart, good soul.
Dada Bhagwan|Soul (Atma) remains very far from where kashays (anger-pride-deceit-greed) are created, the Soul is quite far from there. Where there is absence of kashays, there lies the ‘religion of Vitrags (the enlightened ones)’, and where kashays are present, lies the ‘relative religion’!
Dada Bhagwan|There is no samkit (vision with right belief that I am Pure Soul) where there are kashays [anger, pride, deceit and greed], and where there are no kashays, there is samkit (self realization).
Dada Bhagwan|All those that don’t allow us to do things for the Soul (our True Self), they are our opposers (kashays); we shouldn’t listen to them.
Dada Bhagwan|Until ignorance, of one’s own Self (the Soul), is removed, illusory attachment (moha) will not go away.
Nikki Rowe|And like the sun, I will always rise.
Alfred Tennyson, The Complete Works of Alfred Tennyson|Our echoes roll from soul to soul, And grow forever and for ever.
A.D. Posey|A loving heart, determination, faith, courage, trust, belief, truth, and a solid soul create the wings with which we fly.
Debasish Mridha|Nature is always talking to you, smiling to you, and singing to you. To understand, you just have to be open to listen with your heart and soul.
Dada Bhagwan|When the outside intent (other than the intent of Pure Soul, Parbhaav) stops, he attains enlightened bliss of the Self (samadhi).
Dada Bhagwan|When you experience permanent bliss of the Self (samadhi), then it will be considered that your entire work is completed.
Dada Bhagwan|If you experience bliss of the Self (samadhi) amidst complete problematic stage, then know that you have met a “Gnani Purush” [the enlightened one]!
Dada Bhagwan|When is bliss of the self (Samadhi) experienced? It is when one does not want anything, when all the tubers of one’s greed goes away, then the bliss of the self (Samadhi) is experienced. Give away, how much you give (your things to others), that much (happiness) will be yours !
Nikki Rowe|It's easier said than done but when you feel yourself out of balance within, stop in that present moment and catch your breathe. Remind yourself of 5 things, that help you feel most alive and re-centre your own energy frequency so you can continue living out of your intentions not the world's distractions.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|He had wished me well in finding my own fate to follow, and I never doubted his sincerity. But it had taken me years to accept that his absence in my life was a deliberate finality, an act he had chosen, a thing completed even as some part of my soul still dangled, waiting for his return. That, I think, is the shock of any relationship ending. It is realizing that what is still an ongoing relationship to someone is, for the other person, something finished and done with.
Ally Condie, Atlantia|But then I realize that even if I did have a soul, it’s not as though someone else would be there. It would only be more of me.
Aldous Huxley|My soul is a pale, tenuous membrane..."That was pleasing: a thin, tenuous membrane. It had the right anatomical quality. Tight blown, quivering in the blast of noisy life. It was time for him to descend from the serene empyrean of words into the actual vortex. He went down slowly. "My soul is a thin, tenuous membrane...
Lailah Gifty Akita|The light shines in the soul, awaken the spirit and gives clearer sight.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|The heart is the window to the soul, the portal through which we can understand the desires of the spirit.
May Kendall|We hold that happenings which may even compel the heart to break cannot break the human spirit, or rob it of its most essential qualities.
Michael R. French, Why Men Fall Out of Love: What Every Woman Needs to Understand|Falling in love is more than infatuation. It is the need to feel whole, to feel safe, to be healed, to join together with someone, heart and soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Your soul may be trampled in times of troubles. But if your spirit is strong, you will survive.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Revive soul, Renew spirit.
Cathy Cassidy, Angel Cake|Instead of blue skies and sunshine, there are grey clouds and endless rain that seeps into your bones, your soul.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly—that is what each of us is here for. People are afraid of themselves, nowadays. They have forgotten the highest of all duties, the duty that one owes to one's self. Of course, they are charitable. They feed the hungry and clothe the beggar. But their own souls starve, and are naked.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|The gear teeth of his mind, the cogs of the brain’s machinery that propelled his thoughts, were grinding to a halt, too long forced to fight against the friction of agony without the aid of hope, the lubricant for the soul.
Dada Bhagwan|Where are you looking for samadhi (enlightened blissful state)? You just come into your own original Self-form of the Soul, final liberation and samadhi are the natural qualities of the Soul!
Dada Bhagwan|There is no means other than vitrag-science (science that frees us from all attachments) that will give Final-Liberation [Moksha]. Other means [methods, instruments] will cause bondage; they only help to pass the time; [whereas] means to attain the Eternal Thing (experience of Pure Soul) can be attained from the ‘Gnani Purush’ (the enlightened one).
Osho, Courage: The Joy of Living Dangerously|Love is dangerous because it makes you an individual. And the state and the church . . . they don’t want individuals, not at all. They don’t want human beings, they want sheep. They want people who only look like human beings but whose souls have been crushed so utterly, damaged so deeply, that it seems almost irreparable.
Jane Bulos|Whenever I lose my mind in God's word, I find my heart.
Dada Bhagwan|Keep on doing whatever it is that you have been doing; but, do no attachment-abhorrence. If ‘You’ stay in ‘Your [Pure Soul] state’; attachment-abhorrence will not occur.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Look within, find strength for thy soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Determined soul, willing spirit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Love protects and preserves the soul, spirit and the body.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Redeem soul, resurrect spirit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|One soul, the Saviour, changes the course of history.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Love is the mighty force of mind, soul and body.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Great thoughts, great soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I am what I am; sacred soul, spirit and body.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Awaken soul, revive spirit.
Riku H. Petro|Because one dead leaves every material back, even the body, but what is taken is the soul with memories.
Shannon L. Alder|The best of who you are is not from who you have in your life, rather who they helped you become because they loved you.
Dada Bhagwan|My-ness (mamta) is indeed parigrah [attachment to material objects]; material object is not a parigrah. Gnani doesn’t have My-ness (mamata), He has the eternal element (experience of Pure Soul).
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the darkness time, the soul evolves to give light to the spirit.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism of the ignorant stage (ignorance of the true self) is considered live egoism. It becomes lifeless after attaining knowledge of the Self. If one takes the side of this lifeless egoism that, “I am not like that”- it will become alive again. Lifeless egoism is to be disposed off; it is not to be protected.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as the egoism is alive, ‘my-ness’ remains within the self.
Dada Bhagwan|The one with ‘egoism’ and ‘my-ness’ (mamata); the one with the awareness that ‘I am the doer’- are all called ‘Jiva’ [living beings] and he who has attained the realization that ‘I am not the doer, I am the Knower-Seer and I am the form of the eternal-bliss’, then he is the ‘Soul’!
Dada Bhagwan|Tremendous my-ness’ [mamta] is bound in the presence of Soul [Atma], and it is also in the presence of Soul that this my-ness is tremendously dissipated.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Spirituality is the food for the soul, spirit and the body.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Your soul, your spirit and your body.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What belongs to you; your soul, your spirit and your body!
Lailah Gifty Akita|How can you find your soul, if you please every soul?
Lailah Gifty Akita|My soul struggles; I stay all night, and sleep day time.
Ken Poirot|The worst feelings are the warm, anxious burning that portends your heart breaking followed by the wave of numbness that asphyxiates your soul.
Brian Castner, The Long Walk: A Story of War and the Life That Follows|My wife is alone in our full bed too. Her husband, the father of her children, never came back from Iraq. When I deployed the first time she asked her grandmother for advice. Her grandfather served in Africa and Europe in World War II. Her grandmother would know what to do.“How do I live with him being gone? How do I help him when he comes home?” my wife asked. “He won’t come home,” her grandmother answered. “The war will kill him one way or the other. I hope for you that he dies while he is there. Otherwise the war will kill him at home. With you.” My wife’s grandfather died of a heart attack on the living-room floor, long before she was born. It took a decade or two for World War II to kill him. When would my war kill me?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Transform soul, change spirit.
Emma Mildon, The Soul Searcher's Handbook: A Modern Girl's Guide to the New Age World|Being human means that you’ll slip from your spiritual path sometimes. But being a Soul Searcher means that you are also aware when you snap or get moody, angry, or resentful (basically, when you act like you’re the lead baton twirler of the dick parade), but you have the tools and knowledge to work through and release your negative energy and move back to a place of oneness and positivity.
Brian Castner, The Long Walk: A Story of War and the Life That Follows|But the shock wears off, more quickly for some, but eventually for most. Fast food and alcohol are seductive, and I didn’t fight too hard. Your old routine is easy to fall back into, preferences and tastes return. It’s not hard to be a fussy, overstuffed American. After a couple of months, home is no longer foreign, and you are free to resume your old life. I thought I did. Resume my old life, that is. I was wrong.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Liberation begins with liberation of mind, soul and body.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you do everything with love and joy, you will find your soul.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The illusion, as ego suggests, is that it's about time - mechanical mind; it is not. It is, however, all about conscious space - something [the] soul has always known.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Your mind fuels the state of your soul, spirit and body.
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|The love that I believe in is something that goes beyond the physical aspects of this world. The love that I believe is one that extends its energy and power through the beautiful souls that I encounter along the way, a love that can be seen in the eyes of a little dog or in the confusion of a cute lost cat who wants to be worshiped like a Goddess. This kind of love goes through a divine crafting of a person's inner self, through personal experience and thousands of years of tears and strength, that can only be seen in the familiar eyes of old souls, the eyes that recognize each other even after long times of separation, the eyes that find themselves familiar with places they have probably been to before, but that nevertheless bring great memories with every visit. This kind of love sees hope in the eyes of new-born children that know way much more than they are capable of putting into words and that bring with their innocence a smile on each person's face who'd wish they could start again. The love that I see when I look at you is a love which has roots deep inside each of us, but that needs care and light to grow and unfold its branches so that they can reach outside of ourselves and even further beyond the skies.
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|And there I was at night, chasing after the full moon behind the clouds like a mad man in search of the reflection of the light of love in another person, without daring to light up the spark of light that I had left within myself. It was nowhere to be seen, but I felt it was out there somewhere. I've surely seen it a couple of days ago up in the sky and my eyes couldn't have lied to me, it was so beautiful, or so it appeared to be. I guess I have to stop stalking what can't be seen for awhile and let the light of the full moon find its way through my messed up soul. Maybe it's time to go to sleep and trust that another sunrise will renew what the full moon couldn't clear away tonight. During all that time, I might've not found the light of the moon, but I rested deeply with the sound of the raindrops, while gazing at the quiet river flowing slowly. What a crucial moment to be alive!
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|I live with the hope that one day, someone, will look into my eyes and see the deepness of my soul, and all the suffering and struggles will finally make sense to the person that can see behind all the imperfections and dust that's been pilled up in all these years. I've had my turns at trying to love people, but it never turned out as planned and I've failed in keeping someone next to me, simply because you can't force someone to be by your side if it's not meant to be, and I've grown to accept that and not fight against it. I've been selfish for far too long in trying to cling on to someone, and I believe nobody is perfect.. But as long as I still breathe, I'm willing to let people come into my life, play their part in my life's plan and then let go if it's necessary. Nothing can last forever and it's something we grow to accept. Let time do its' thing and don't get too attached, that's all I can do.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The price for standing up for Truth, no matter how severe, will always be less than the price our souls will be penalized for not speaking up for our conscience. There is no greater crime in the universe than silencing your conscience.
Alice  Miller|For the human soul is virtually indestructible, and its ability to rise from the ashes remains as long as the body draws breath.
Nikki Rowe|I see a lot of people complaining about the things they can fix, and a lot of people being accepting of the things they cannot change. Maybe tragedy really is the catastrophic event, for the way people view their lives. I would rather be wise, than nieve.
Angie karan|By coming from our Soul, we are in the fullness of our being― This is the “garden” from which we grow
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|in all the vastness of the world, the deepest adventure is not of war or mortal danger, but of heart, of soul, of the infinite discovery of a beloved other.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Follow your heart, not the latest headlines.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|No great soul, as they say, lives for very long. Because God desperately wants all the great people near him.
Dada Bhagwan|Man is indeed the Absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma); it is possible for infinite divinity to arise within. The moment he has a desire, he becomes a human! Otherwise, he can acquire whatever he wants, but he is unable to do so because of impediments (antray).
Dada Bhagwan|That which cannot be seen by the eyes, nor heard by the ears, is the Self (chetan, Soul). That which can be heard by the ears, 'Television' is seen, a ‘record’ is heard, that is not self (chetan, Soul) . The Self (chetan, Soul) can only be seen with the divine vision (divya chakshu).
Dada Bhagwan|Desires are done by the ‘Pudgal’ (non-self mind-body-complex), so how can they be suppressed? If You (the Self) are the one doing the desiring, then why don’t you stop it? But that doesn’t happen therefore, desire is a matter pertaining to the Pudgal (non-self mind-body-complex).
T.F. Hodge|The 'magic' is the known and unknown quiet, spiritual, invisible thread which links and reveals harmonic elements to a universe of high vibrational sensory. And our beloved Bro. Maurice David knew it's undeniable creative power, from within.
Dada Bhagwan|People live for two reasons. There are those who live for the Soul; such people are very rare. All others live for money. All day is spent for money, money, money!
Dada Bhagwan|I am Chandubhai’ is good or bad focused applied awareness (shubha-ashubha upyoga). ‘I am Pure Soul’, is the focused pure applied awareness of the Self (shuddha upayog). With good-bad focused applied awareness (shubha-ashubha upayog) instillation in the worldly life occured.
Dada Bhagwan|We’ are the self (chetan, Soul) and obstruction (antray) are non-self (achetan, non-Soul); therefore, the Self (chetan, Soul) shall win in the end!
Oksana Rus|A silent velvet footstep filled me, unwelcome yet so needed. You finally found my hidden shore with grains of time and ocean of the most secret secrets, violet and red; left a trail of deep blue footsteps on my glowing beach of soul, and no matter how many times tides wash the golden sand anew, your prints can never be erased. Each one a shining star in my quiet Universe...
Oksana Rus|Just one caress became a symphony of passion, insatiable longing, an unquenchable desire to possess.... Gasps... The sparkling touch, embrace make hard to breathe... A mere short burst of brilliance, explosive need...forbidden sweet... Beneath the warmth of a dancing rainbow summer sunset, slowly tuning into the magic night with the stars flooding the sapphire skies...the sacred emerald island wildlife listens to our song, played with loving fingertips, reflected in diving deep into each other's ocean eyes...
Oksana Rus|In my heaven sweet melodies of the skies ripple pool of the sea playing sweet song to me, sharing tales of the past, blending with mine as mirage, painting new...I breathe in, am in love and alive...
Oksana Rus|My everlasting Summer fills heart with laughter like a blooming flower... Her diverse sounds is nature's symphony, sprinkle delight, with comfort of ocean breeze which needs no attest.. The unique every moment of soul's revival and its sun to shine...
A.D. Posey|Fly with a kind heart, a light spirit, and a resilient soul.
Dada Bhagwan|Nothing in this world can touch or affect the one who remains in the focused pure applied awareness of the Self, the Soul (shuddha upayogi).
Dada Bhagwan|Only when there is dharmadhyan (auspicious contemplation; to not hurt anyone, to give happiness to others) in the body, then there is shukladhyan in the Self (contemplation as the Self, the Soul).
Dada Bhagwan|Fruit of discharge karma with shukladhyan (contemplation as the Self, Pure Soul) is moksha, and fruit of discharge karma with dharmadhyan (auspicious contemplation; to not hurt anyone, to give happiness to others) is tremendous punya. It binds punyanubandhi punya (merit karma which binds more merit karma).
Dada Bhagwan|When the mind and the Self (Soul) become engrossed (tanmayakar) only then it is called artadhyan (mournful contemplation that hurts the self), and also one does not become aware that artadhyan has occurred. And if one realizes that artadhyan has occurred, then it is not called artadhyan; then it is the mind.
Dada Bhagwan|If one can exactly see the world ‘as it is’; if one can exactly see the ‘relative’ and the ‘real’, it is shukladhyan (contemplation as the Self, Pure Soul).
Dada Bhagwan|The ego dies and the ego lives, but people say that ‘I died’. That which takes birth and dies is the ego, and the Soul is in the same place (is always intact). Even Pudgal (the atoms that were charged; which are being discharged in the form of mind, body, speech) is in the same place. The issue is only of the ego in the middle.
A.D. Posey|If you don’t think screenwriting is a work of art, good luck in your life without a soul.
Dada Bhagwan|Shuddha upayog (applied awareness of the Self, The Soul) means to be able to see the Soul and the Body of the other person as separate. The constant contemplation of ‘I am pure Soul (Shuddhatma)’ is shukladhyan (pure contemplation as the Self).
Dada Bhagwan|To constantly see one’s own self as ‘Pure’, and to see other’s self as ‘pure’, is focused applied awareness of the Self, the Soul (shuddha upayog).
Dada Bhagwan|In shukladhyan (Pure contemplation as the Self, the Soul), whole world begins to look faultless (nirdosh). In dharmadhyan, despite seeing the other person at fault; one will uphold him as being faultless that is ‘dhramadhyan’, ‘what is the other person’s fault? He is simply instrumental (nimit) in it. It is due to the effect of my own karmas that I have encountered him.
Dada Bhagwan|Shukladhyan (pure contemplation of the Self, the Soul) means focused awareness of the eternal form of the Self, the Soul. Dhyan (contemplation or one’s focused effort) is a natural thing. And in pure applied awareness as Pure Soul (shuddha upayog), one must do spiritual effort with awareness of the separation of the Self and non-Self.
Dada Bhagwan|Who is doing this? Who am I? What is all this? Who is the doer? Who is the nimit (instrumental doer) of this? If all these remain present ‘at a time’ exactly the way it is, then that is considered shuddha upayog (pure focused applied awareness of the Self, the Soul).
A.D. Posey|The personal screenplay- where you dive into the terrifying depths of your soul, unearth the most intimate details about yourself, and put it on paper for the world to see. Proceed with caution, for madness lies ahead.
Nikki Rowe|You are always going to meet disturbances outside yourself, it's the experience of living ~ There will be dark days and there will be days of laughter and somewhere in between you'll create a healthy balance within yourself and call it a life. We can't stop the storm, but we can learn to watch it pass.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|When your soul whispers listen, when your heart speaks listen. Whenever you know it's real love, don't let it pass you by.
A.D. Posey|Writing in the dark is hard, but you have to light your own candle and do it anyway.
Debasish Mridha|Despite the heart numbing frost, my soul is blooming like spring.
Dada Bhagwan|To eat, drink, arise, awake etc. are all religion (dharma) of the body. One has not come into one’s own Self Religion (atma dharma) even for a second. Had he done so, he would never ever leave God.
Dada Bhagwan|Soul (Atma), Absolute Knowledge (Gnan) and the Absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma) are one and the same element.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[God] knows that an uncontrolled life is an unhappy life, so He puts reins on our wayward souls that they may be directed into the “paths of righteousness.
Dada Bhagwan|One has to decide to know the nature of the Soul. Will one not have to know that? Nothing is attained by just saying, ‘I am the Soul, I am the Soul.’ The Soul has to come in to one’s experience, until then the worldly problems will not go away, will they?
Dada Bhagwan|It is not possible to know ‘Who am I?’ by ‘doing’. ‘Doing’ (anything), requires egoism, and where there is egoism, ‘Who am I’ cannot be known.
Dada Bhagwan|If one understands (realizes) his own Self, then he himself is an Absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma).
Dada Bhagwan|When one decides that I want to get rid of the mistakes which are in me, he can become the Absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma).
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|You can be spiritual all by yourself. Everybody has a soul. But to be religious, it seems like you need other people, and then sometimes it becomes more about the people than the soul.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|Many can capture your eyes but just a chosen few can truly captivate your heart and soul." -Author/Poet Elizabeth Esguerra Castillo
Walter William Safar|A man's heart is small, but it is surrounded by the immensity of its soul. Sometimes our words may appear silent, but they are certainly heading for infinity.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously, Dude, Don't Touch It|What, then, is the soul but a prisoner of your flesh? An undying yet constrained energy, bound and enslaved within a shuffling, steadily rotting suit of tissue and savage needs?
Ondjaki, The Whistler|The endlessness of the extent of that whistle resulted, without a doubt, also in an enormous metaphysical knowledge of the art of whistling, which mingled, not just with the hearing of people, but extended, in an incisive manner, to the depths of their souls, the protected corner where each one hid their things- that frightening cave, which many call the centre of their being.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|Porches could be cleaned with a broom in a few minutes, but the soul could not be swept. It had to be shaken. And shaking the loess from a soul took a lifetime and more strength than most people had.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you read the Scriptures, you know thy Creator and thy soul.
Geoffrey Chaucer|His spirit chaunged house and wente ther,As I cam nevere, I kan nat tellen wher.
Walter William Safar|To a poet, his works aren't just a reflection of life itself, but an entire life in the boundless invisible. Isn't the heavenly oasis of all human emotions - the soul - invisible? I reaped: We cannot see the wind, but we can feel it, we cannot see the warmth of the sun, but we can also feel it. This bond between nature and humans is the best proof of the Creator’s existence.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|I am made of words. Cut me & I bleed sentences. Read me, & I speak to your soul.
Virginia Alison|Within the eye, mysteries of the soul burn deeply beneath the fiery chasms of love and patiently wait for an awakening ...
Virginia Alison|A time when sky blue love bids farewell to the day and before dusk falls, the sunset ignites the smouldering embers of the moonlit soul...
R.K. Lilley, Breaking Him|You were wrong, Gram," I said softly, tone emotionless because I was resigned to the awful, lonely truth of it. "Love doesn't save our souls. It kills them.
Jay Woodman|I see, eye see, what my heart feels, soul knows. In flowing sound and glowing scenes, I touch the living dream.
Toba Beta|Often blaming, is a trait of a childish soul.
Jennifer Sweete, Dear Sandy - The letter that wrote itself into a Book|As surely as wherever the darkness is not, there you will find the light; wherever the ego is not, there you will find the soul.
Jay Woodman|Other dancers weave through our lives, sometimes stirring our deep soul's fires.
Jay Woodman|Don't be afraid to show your soul, we need plenty of soul to show in this world.
Sheldon Currie, The Glace Bay Miners' Museum: The Novel|I pulled the sheet off their faces. Their faces were black with coal dust and didn't look like anything was wrong with them except they were dirty. The both of them had smiles on their faces. I thought maybe one of them had told a joke just before they died and, pain and all, they both laughed and ended up with a smile. Probably not true but but it made me feel good to think about it like that, and when the Sister came in I asked her if I could clean their faces and she said, "no, certainly not!" but I said, "ah, c'mon, it's me brother n' father, I want to," and she looked at me and looked at me, and at last she said, "of course, of course, I'll get some soap and water."When the nun came back she helped me. Not doing it, but more like showing me how, and taking to me, saying things like "this is a very handsome man" and "you must have been proud of your brother" when I told her how Charlie Dave would fight for me, and "you're lucky you have another brother"; of course I was, but he was younger and might change, but she talked to me and made it all seem normal, the two of us standing over a dead face and cleaning the grit away. The only other thing I remember a nun ever saying to me was, "Mairead, you get to your seat, this minute!
Jalaluddin Rumi|My Soul is my Guide, for my Soul is of that Abode I will not Speak of the Earthly, I am of the Unknown.
Debasish Mridha|We are made of spirit, mind, soul, and a little pixie dust.
Lynn Cullen, Mrs. Poe|First you must believe there is a soul.... If by a soul one means the creature who lives within each of us, a creature born loving, born joyful, but who with each worldly blow shrinks more deeply into its shell until at last, the poor desiccated thing is unrecognizable even to its own self, yes. I do.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a dancing mind, loving heart, caring soul, and wandering thoughts.
Ka Chinery, Perceptions from the Photon Frequency: The Ascended Version|In a world of illusion, art is the soul shining through with the light of infinite potential.
Jay Woodman|Don't be afraid to show you soul, we need plenty of soul to show in this world.
Cardinal Augustin Valier|Good books do not waste our time as most people do... collect a great quantity of books, build alibrary worthy of your noble soul, andspend without stint all the money necessary for it.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|ACTS OF LOVELove is not a wordOr a thought.It is the name forAn actionThat breathes from its light.What do you DOIn Love's name?And is it only doneOutside In the light?Or with an innerFlameIlluminatingLove'sTRUEName?I want to know.Are your actionsDone by remoteOr withSOUL?And when you sayYou love someone,Does a light go offInside at all?What haveYOUDoneIn theName ofLOVE?Because,Really,I want to know.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes, a person isn’t looking to increase their lifestyle, status or ego when they fall in love. Sometimes, they just want that special someone that is just like them. The one person that truly understands how they suffer because they have gone through it too. They want to wake up beside someone that knows their trials intimately. They want a teammate that doesn’t say they get it, but someone who knows it, lived it and survived it. They have been looking for that person their entire life because they feel alone and misunderstood. They are tired of people telling them not to care about other people, when that is not who God designed them to be. The depth of their soul can’t be reached by their partner standing at the top looking down. They want to come home to their “own kind”--the person that has run the same dark corridors they have traveled in their mind. They want to build a life with someone that would never break their heart, push them away or give up on them. They don’t want the person that has to win. They want the rescuer that has been to the fearful boundaries of their heart, but knows the way back to life. When they meet this person they will never forget them because they will come into their life with all the fire they possess and never leave their soul.
Jay Woodman|The soul accepts the mystery within and all around, immersing itself in it, celebrating it.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|It seems to me absolutely true, that our world, which appears to us the surface of all things, is really the bottom of a deep ocean: all our trees are submarine growths, and we are weird, scaly-clad submarine fauna, feeding ourselves on offal like shrimps. Only occasionally the soul rises gasping through the fathomless fathoms under which we live, far up to the surface of the ether, where there is true air.
Jaime Tenorio Valenzuela|to a big pride, a little soul
Plato, The Symposium|if someone got to see the Beautiful itself, absolute, pure, unmixed, not polluted by human flesh or colors or any other great nonsense of mortality, but if he could see the divine Beauty itself in its one form? Do you think it would be a poor life for a human being to look there and to behold it by that which he ought, and to be with it? Or haven't you remembered that in that life alone, when he looks at Beauty in the only way what Beauty can be seen - only then will it become possible for him to give birth no to images of virtue but to true virtue. The love of the gods belongs to anyone who has given birth to true virtue and nourished it, and if any human being could become immortal, it would be he.
Elizabeth Alexander, The Light of the World|Henry Ford believed the soul of a person is located in their last breath and so captured the last breath of his best friend Thomas Edison in a test tube and kept it evermore. It is on display at the Henry Ford Museum outside Detroit, like Galileo’s finger in the church of Santa Croce, but Edison’s last breath is an invisible relic.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In solitude, the deep silent, awakens the divinity of the soul.
Mamur Mustapha|That faceless, nameless and ruthless demon you pretend to fight, is nothing but the bastard in your head.
Plato|All good and evil, whether in the body or in human nature, originates in the soul, and overflows from thence, as if from the head into the eyes.
Dinakar Phillip|Its not easy to Love someone, it makes your heart addicted and your soul craving !!
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Whatever you are physically, male or female, strong or weak, ill or healthy – all those things matter less than what your heart contains. If you have the soul of a warrior, you are a warrior. Whatever the color, the shape, the design of the shade that conceals it, the flame inside the lamp remains the same. You are that flame.
Charlotte Eriksson|I have rooted myself into this quiet place where I don’t need much to get by. I need my visions. I need my books. I need new thoughts and lessons, from older souls, bars, whisky, libraries; different ones in different towns. I need my music. I need my songs. I need the safety of somewhere to rest my head at night, when my eyes get heavy. And I need space. Lots of space. To run, and sing, and change around in any way I please—outer or inner—and I need to love. I need the space to love ideas and thoughts; creations and people—anywhere I can find—and I need the peace of mind to understand it.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|Trouble is, most times, when you go looking to sell your soul, nobody's buying.
San Juan de la Cruz, Dark Night of the Soul|Songs of the SoulOn a dark night,Inflamed by love-longing -O exquisite risk! -Undetected I slipped away.My house, at last, grown still.Secure in the darkness,I climbed the secret ladder in disguise -O exquisite risk! -Concealed by the darkness.My house, at last, grown still.That sweet night: a secret.Nobody saw me;I did not see a thing.No other light, no other guideThan the one burning in my heart.This light led the wayMore clearly than the risen sunTo where he was waiting for me- The one I knew so intimately -In a place where no one could find us.O night, that guided me!O night, sweeter than sunrise!O night, that joined lover with Beloved!Lover transformed in Beloved!Upon my blossoming breast,Which I cultivated just for him,He drifted into sleep,And while I caressed him,A cedar breeze touched the air.Wind blew down from the tower,Parting the locks of his hair.With his gentle handHe wounded my neckAnd all my senses were suspended.I lost myself. Forgot myself.I lay my face against the Beloved's face.Everything fell away and I left myself behind,Abandoning my caresAmong the lilies, forgotten.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|I am thankful that I can be thankful, for if thankfulness did not exist my heart would be irretrievably imprisoned by the crazed twins of acquisition and possession, and my soul would exist as a forever slave to greed.
Criss Jami, Healology|If I were to believe in God enough to call him a murderer, then I might also believe enough that he, as a spirit, exists beyond death; and therefore only he could do it righteously. For the physical being kills a man and hatefully sends him away, whereas God, the spiritual being, kills a man and lovingly draws him nigh.
James Wright, Above the River: The Complete Poems|But I have burned already down to bone. There is a fire that burns beyond the names Of sludge and filth of which this world is made. Agony sears the dark flesh of the body, And lifts me higher than the smoke, to rise Above the earth, above the sacrifice; Until my soul flares outward like a blue Blossom of gas fire dancing in mid-air: Free of the body’s work of twisted iron.
Marinela Reka|Helping other people can be a cure not just for those who are in need, but for your soul as well.
C.G. Jung|My friends, it is wise to nourish the soul, otherwise you will breed dragons and devils in your heart.
Mordecai Richler, Solomon Gursky Was Here|If Canada had a soul (a doubtful proposition, Moses thought) then it wasn't to be found in Batoche or the Plains of Abraham or Fort Walsh or Charlottetown or Parliament Hill, but in The Caboose and thousands of bars like it that knit the country together from Peggy's Cove, Nova Scotia, to the far side of Vancouver Island.
Sima Mittal|As I walk , I light the lamp of my soul. As I walk, I light the wick of another’s soul.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|Souls are simply aspects of ego splintered off from Mae and Jin, the two original gods. They began with no ego at all, you know. But as they gained awareness of themselves, each affirmation of something they were created a denial of something they weren’t. This created a polarity, a split between themselves and something that became a new ‘soul’—an un-being that gave that shadow voice. One god, declaring himself to be good and denying that he was evil, split into two parts—one good and one evil—because each god is both good and evil. Each part, as it gained awareness of itself and declared itself this or that but denied that it was the shadow of each new identification, split into more and more pieces—creating an exponential birth of new souls.
Solange nicole|When you have the power to love, that strength, that courage is infinite; that love is infinite. There is nothing finite about it's presence, for love. never. dies.
Samar Sudha|Whether you choose left or right path,but the destination should have the contentment of Soul"-Samar Sudha
Atalina Wright, Alchemical Love: Poems, Thoughts and Stories for the Heart and Soul|Love's alchemical power is nevermore clear than in the moments when we least expect it to grace our lives; for love transforms, love transcends, love awakens.
Nikki Rowe|Ive been waiting for this moment, The one where looking back doesn't seem fascinating anymore & looking forward doesn't seem to be the greatest seek, I am so darn content with creating and living right now that there honestly isn't any room left for the ordinary.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|When the soul heals, the issues of the body disappear like they never happened.
Nikki Rowe|Don't dim magic because there are non believers, let it shine out of you and they won't know how to look away.
J.M. Harrison, We Are All One: A call to spiritual uprising|We Are All One. When we allow ourselves to become aware of this statement in its purest form, we open the doors to reveal the oneness of being. Using the process of conscious evolution we begin to recognize our true underlying identity, for once we have glimpsed the existence of this realm, we then begin to reveal what it is . . . . our true natural state.
A.M. Arthur, Stand By You|Like I said, hearts can be tricky things. Sometimes gender doesn't matter when two souls connect.
Nikki Rowe|He didn't have to say much, It was all in his eyes ~ He didn't have to do much, It was enough, just to be at his side.
David R. Hawkins|Because genius is a characteristic of consciousness, genius is also universal. That which is universal is, therefore, theoretically available to every man. The process of creativity and genius are inherent in human consciousness. Inasmuch as every human has within himself the same essence of consciousness, genius is a potential that resides within everyone. It awaits only the right circumstances to express it.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Sometimes you just have to step outside the box and take a leap of faith. You may not be able to see what's on the other side, but you can't remain in the same place. Fear is what keeps you there. If you want something badly enough you'll take the steps to get there. If you believe it, then you can achieve it.
Ignatius of Loyola|Try to keep your soul always in peace and quiet, always ready for whatever our lord may wish to work in you. it is certainly a higher virtue of the soul, and a greater grace, to be able to enjoy the Lord in different times and different places than in only one.
Hermes Trismegistus|The excellence of the soul is understanding; for the man who understands is conscious, devoted, and already godlike.
Natasha Rendell, Nathon's Keys to Freedom|Give of your magic. Because if you do not give of your personal magic in a beautiful loving expressive way, then you are definitely losing the game of life and others are taking over. So be yourself. Let the magic of yourself begin to shine through. Not in a bombastic way, but in a sincere feeling way. You are a sovereign soul who is capable of filling the world with something different by adding your consciousness to this world and giving something special - your uniqueness.
True Krishna Priya|When you think you know Everything, you know NOTHING! When you think you know Nothing.. You become KRISHNA- THE UNKNOWN !
L.J. Vanier|When we remove all emotion, all judgement, and all expectation there is only love left. Love is found in the stillness of the soul. Love is without action, without attachment or need. Love is the subtle energy that flows through all of creation. Love transcends your being into ascension. Love is the harmony and the music of the universe, love is all there is.
|Thoughts eat me creepy words crush my head.. I hear them talk,they scream and howl for each other.. Weeping souls longing trapped in a cage full time.
|A beautiful Soul never know how beautiful it really is, a ugly allways thinks it is.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You soul is only satisfy with your soul-spirit, soul mate.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|At birth and at dawn for each and every dayit triumphs over the eclipse.It is the very first thing that you see.Its power is blinding at first, anon it opens our eyes to the allure of the world.Each moment it breathes life into us,warms our souls and colors our skin.At gloaming it seems to wane,while it privily awaits a timeto give birth to a new circle of life.
Bill Plotkin, Nature and the Human Soul: Cultivating Wholeness and Community in a Fragmented World|Soul has been demoted to a new-age spiritual fantasy or a missionary's booty, and nature has been treated , at best, as a postcard or a vacation backdrop or, more commonly, as a hardware store or refuse heap. Too many of us lack intimacy with the natural world and with our souls, and consequently we are doing untold damage to both.
Steve Maraboli|The wiser I become, the less I think beauty has anything to do with appearance.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|So whenever that brittle voice of dissatisfaction emerges within me, I can say "Ah, my ego! There you are, old friend!" It's the same thing when I'm being criticized and I notice myself reaching with outrage, heartache, or defensiveness. It's just my ego, flaring up and testing its power. In such circumstances, I have learned to watch my heated emotions carefully, but I try not to take them too seriously, because I know that it's merely my ego that has been wounded--never my soul It is merely my ego that wants revenge, or to win the biggest prize. It is merely my ego that wants to start a Twitter war against a hater, or to sulk at an insult or to quit in righteous indignation because I didn't get the outcome I wanted. "At such times, I can always steady my life one more by returning to my soul. I ask it, "And what is it that you want, dear one?""The answer is always the same: "More wonder, please.""As long as I'm still moving in that direction---toward wonder--then I know I will always be fine in my soul, which is where it counts. And since creativity is still the most effective way for me to access wonder, I choose it.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You are not just white, but a rainbow of colors. You are not just black, but golden. You are not just a nationality, but a citizen of the world. You are not just for the right or left, but for what is right over the wrong. You are not just rich or poor, but always wealthy in the mind and heart. You are not perfect, but flawed. You are flawed, but you are just. You may just be human, but you are also a magnificent reflection of God.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|You need bravery for compassion. In the picture of your soul, the bravery points are the most beautiful.
Ramana Pemmaraju|I love you not because you're beautiful, but its through You that I discover more of myself!
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|And dimly she realised one of the great laws of the human soul: that when the emotional soul receives a wounding shock, which does not kill the body, the soul seems to recover as the body recovers. But this is only appearance. It is really only the mechanism of the resumed habit. Slowly, slowly the wound to the soul begins to make itself felt, like a bruise, which only slowly deepens its terrible ache, till it fills all the psyche. And when we think we have recovered and forgotten, it is then that the terrible after-effects have to be encountered at their worst.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Let me be strong, for to be anything else is to languish in the abyss of compromise and to descend to places of impoverishment so destitute that they will squelch my soul and crush my heart.
Oscar Wilde|And how delightful other people's emotions were!-much more delightful than their ideas, it seemed to him. One's own soul, and the passions of one's friends-those were the fascinating things in life.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Hope is oxygen to the soul, and God is the oxygen of hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Search deep within your soul, you will find the light.
Yol Swan, The Indigo Journals: Spiritual Healing For Indigo Adults & Other Feminine Souls|You're an infinite soul, a spark of Consciousness, and your perception is a creative decision you're continuously making.
Kate McGahan|Soul is the invisible part of a living being that is immortal and breath is the evidence that the soul exists. The soul is what goes to Heaven when we no longer need our body here. We may be dogs, but we breathe, we bleed, and we love just like anybody else.
Kate McGahan|Like the cat who finds her way back home over a thousand miles, like the dog who waits for his master to arrive on the train that never comes, like the one who keeps a vigil at her master’s grave until she too can cross the bridge, some people and their pets are woven together by threads of life and they cannot, and will not, for long be separated.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With love, we can save every soul from self-destruction.
Quetzal|I guess he was right; I’m just a scorpion without wings,God created me this way, no wings, just a poisonous sting,The one I loved knew my true natureShe knew I could sting her heart, and poisoned her soul,My lover knew me well, she knew my truth,She could see my poisonous soul, My ego bowed to her beauty, always ready to strike She knew my true nature, she saw the scorpion,She saw the venom in heart, she loved me still,I struck her heart multiple times,I poisoned her soul with my sting,I guess he was right; I’m just a scorpion without wingsShe knew me well; she saw the lethal sting,She saw her wounded heart, she loved me stillShe you loved the scorpion to the end,She fell in love, and now she’s dead,The scorpion cries, in agony, He wishes he wasn’t a venomous beast,The scorpion suffers; he misses his loved one,The one he killed, the one he stung,The one who loved him to the end
Megan Miranda, Soulprint|My soul was not meant to be in a cage. Not then, and not now.-Alina Chase
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May you know, love, obey and serve the Lord with all your heart, soul and mind.
Rebecca Chastain, A Fistful of Fire|My job was to fight evil, and my soul was my weapon.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Our soul is like a soft and gentle flower, it needs to be nurtured, cared for, tended to, with sufficient sunlight, fresh air and freedom to bloom into its most precious and beautiful form. This, my friend, is self-love.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|WHAT IS TRUTH?Truth is not a thingOr a concept.It is as multidimensionalIn its meaningAs it is in its reflection.It is both invisibleAnd visible.It carries tons of weight,But can be carried.It is understood first through the spiritBefore science,And felt in the heart,Before the mind.Truth is not always heard by reason,Because reason sometimesIgnores Truth.Always listen to your conscience.Your conscience is your heartAnd reason is your mind.Your mind is simply there to reasonWith your heart.But remember,Truth is in your heart,And only through your heartCan you connect to the light of God.He who is not motivated by his heartWill not see Truth,And he who thinks only with his mindWill be blind to Truth.He who does not thinkWith his conscience,Does not stand by God,For the language of lightCan only be decoded by the heart.He who reads and recites words of GodAlso does not stand by God –If he merely understandsWords with his mindBut not his heart.Truth is black and white,And the entire spectrumOf colors in-between.It can have many parts,But has a solid foundation.Truth lacks perfection,For it is the reflection of all,Yet its reflection as a whole,Is more beautifulThan the accumulated flawsOf the small.Truth is the only brandWorth breathingAnd believing.So stand for truthIn everything you do,And only thenDoes your life haveMeaning.Poetry by Suzy Kassem
Leila Sales, Tonight the Streets Are Ours|If you're going to have the tortured soul of an artist, then you might as well create some art while you're at it.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Love is a chemical reaction, but it cannot be fully understood or defined by science. And though a body cannot exist without a soul, it too cannot be fully understood or defined by science.Love is the most powerful form of energy, but science cannot decipher its elements. Yet the best cure for a sick soul is love, but even the most advanced physician cannot prescribe it as medicine.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Practice any art, music, singing, dancing, acting, drawing, painting, sculpting, poetry, fiction, essays, reportage, no matter how well or badly, not to get money and fame, but to experience becoming, to find out what’s inside you, to make your soul grow.
Peggy Toney Horton|The human spirit is a magnificent entity. Just when we think we can stand no more, something significant touches our soul... and life goes on.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do not doubt thyself, have faith in thy soul.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés|Talking is the voice of human, singing is the voice of soul.
Pope Benedict XVI|The human spirit is so utterly one with the body that the term "form" can be used of the body and retain its proper meaning. Conversely, the form of the body is spirit, and this is what makes the human being a person.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, A View from the Front Porch: Encounters with Life and Jesus|Too often there is this sinister greed that pulls at my coattails, subtly whispering in the ear of my soul that it is within my rights to tuck away a few dark trinkets to toy with when the tedium of righteous living gets a bit boring. But God would suggest that I empty my pockets.
Nikita Dudani|Love with your soul. Hear your soul speaking, it will always be your guiding light.
Ashish Dalela, Uncommon Wisdom: Fault Lines in the Foundations of Atheism|...concepts have three fundamental properties—contextuality, intentionality, and abstraction—which independent things do not. To produce a mental world from the physical world, the physical world must first explain how contextuality, intentionality, and abstraction can arise.
Ka Chinery|Ascension is the triumph of mastered emotions; a process of gaining clarity in the darkness of blind spots and struggles, allowing you to perceive with the karmic intelligence of the Soul.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|KINGDOM OF THE WOMBFrom her thighs, she gives you lifeAnd how you treat she who gives you lifeShows how much you value the life given to you by the Creator.And from seed to dustThere is ONE soul above all others --That you must always show patience, respect, and trustAnd this woman is your mother.And when your soul departs your bodyAnd your deeds are weighed against the featherThere is only one soul who can save yoursAnd this woman is your mother.And when the heart of the universeAsks her hair and mind,Whether you were gentle and kind to herHer heart will be forced to remain silentAnd her hair will speak freely as a separate entity,Very much like the seaweed in the sea --It will reveal all that it has heard and seen.This woman whose heart has seen yours,First before anybody else in the world,And whose womb had opened the doorFor your eyes to experience light and more --Is your very own MOTHER.So, no matter whether your mother has been cruel,Manipulative, abusive, mentally sick, or simply childishHow you treat her is the ultimate test.If she misguides you, forgive her and show her the right wayWith simple wisdom, gentleness, and kindness.And always remember,That the queen in the Creator's kingdom,Who sits on the throne of all existence,Is exactly the same as in yours.And her name is,THE DIVINE MOTHER.
Stefan Emunds|Like flowers we grow, bloom, and whither - each day and each life. In our next life we'll grow, bloom, and whither even more beautifully. But although we blossom more grandiose in each new life, all our lives are perfect in their own way.
Barbara T. Cerny|The black of the ocean waves was the color of the sorrow in my breast, a sorrow that was never far away and always visible.
Sameh Elsayed|Passion is a key to unlimited success. Without it, we wither and die. It drives our hearts, our minds and our souls to achieve the best possible results.
Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles|Deprived is the one who has never witnessed his own desperate need for God. Reliant on his own means, he forgets that the means, his own soul, and everything else in existence are His creation.
Michael Kelahan, The World's Greatest Love Letters|In a man's letters, you know, madam, his soul lies naked. His letters are only the mirror of his heart. Whatever passes within him is there shown undisguised in its natural progress; nothing is invented, nothing distorted; you see systems in their elements, you discover action in their motives. Samuel Johnson to Mrs. Thrale (1777)
Barbara T. Cerny, The Tiefling: Angel Kissed, Devil Touched - Amazon Best Seller!|I was once a man, not a great man, not a saintly man, but a good man, and a man nonetheless.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Breathe of life, living soul.
Barbara T. Cerny, The Tiefling: Angel Kissed, Devil Touched - Amazon Best Seller!|I did not choose to be a monster—a shell of a man—half-human, half-fiend. I am a tiefling. I am what I am.
Katlyn Charlesworth, While Rome Burned|They say the eyes are the apertures to the soul. If that is so, I feared Locusta's soul was far darker than even Nero's.
Barbara T. Cerny, The Tiefling: Angel Kissed, Devil Touched - Amazon Best Seller!|Then it kissed me—not as a man would kiss a lover, not with tenderness or even passion. This was a kiss that stole the soul of men. Revulsion at this creature’s kiss was instantly replaced by the warmth stealing through my veins, as if my missing blood were being replenished and contrived to heal me. I craved to keep kissing the beast. My entire being awakened to that kiss feeding me ecstasy, feeding me life.
Stefan Emunds|Have faith, let go, and gravitate towards. 
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Happy mind, happy soul.
Nikki Rowe|I have danced too deeply in my shadows, to ever fear the walk of my sunshine.
Salil Jha, Naked Soul: The Erotic Love Poems|Every soul needs a touch of erotic love. A deep, unconditional love is what every heart truly desires. True love is passionately erotic.
Stefan Emunds|If you truly love someone, he or she will inevitably love you back. If you find yourself in an emotional one way street, walk away! Trust that it’s not love.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|Jagged needle, wicked liesFrom under the skin, pluck evil eyes.Destiny change from pain and coldNow that you pay in blood and soul.
Sanober  Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest|I breathe in... The sights and smells Of this city I’ve come to know... So well I gaze... Across the turquoise ocean Where the waves Liberate my spirit... From its shell I breathe in... The brilliant sky line Where the birds Emerge shyly From the dappled sunshine I breathe in... The gently... Blowing winds That soothe me Like a mother, around her child I breathe in... The sounds of laughter Pure and pretty Like the golden-green butterfly I’m always after I breathe in... The closeness, I have always shared With people, Who almost knew me, Almost cared I breathe in... The comfort Of my home, The safe walls, The scents of childhood On the pillows I breathe in...the silence Of my own heart Aching with tenderness... With memories.. Of home I breathe... in... The fragrance Of love, and moist sand The one... His roses left... On both my hands And I just keep on breathing Every moment As much as I can Preserving it, in my body For the day It can’t So I breathe in.. Once again.. Feeling life's energy Fizzing through my cells Never knowing What awaits me Or what's going to happen to me.. Next I breathe in This moment... Knowing it's either life Or it's death I close my eyes, And breathe in Just believing in myself.
Nikki Rowe|You don't need an entire garden bed, to notice the beauty of a flower.
Corina Abdulahm-Negura|Each flower is a field smile, every man is the soul of the world.
Stefan Emunds|A vibrant body, a radiant mind, a loving heart, and an honorable life.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|She is trying to control me with fear, because she cannot control me any other way.My eyes open wide. They burn as if they are on fire—no, as if they are made of fire. Eyes are the window to the soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Miracles happens everyday. You have to open your heart, mind and soul to see these miraculous encounters.
Anjum Choudhary|They say this soul hunting will cost me my sanity,i say i'd go insane if i stop.
Marcus Tullius Cicero, Treatises on Friendship and Old Age|But if I am wrong in thinking the human soul immortal, I am glad to be wrong; nor will I allow the mistake which gives me so much pleasure to be wrested from me as long as I live.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greatest divinities of the soul are life, love and light.
John Fowles|I hate what G.P. calls the New People, the new class people with their cars and their money and their tellies and their stupid vulgarities and their stupid crawling imitations of the bourgeoisie.(...)The New People are still the poor people, it is the new form of poverty. The others hadn't any money and these haven't any soul.
Alba Avila|To breathe,to breathe is nothing more than confirmation of the existence of your soulwhether you believe it or not,whether you live or cease to fight
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love with all your heart, soul and mind.
Banani Ray, Awakening Inner Guru|Life is a song made of the musical rhythm of the body, words of the mind and the melodious silence of the soul.
Lee Strobel, The Case for a Creator: A Journalist Investigates Scientific Evidence That Points Toward God|I am a soul, and I have a body. We don't learn about people by studying their bodies. We learn about people by finding out how they feel, what they think, what they're passionate about, what their worldview is, and so forth....So my conclusion is that there's more to me than my conscious life and my body. In fact, I am a 'self,' or an 'I,' that cannot be seen or touched unless I manifest myself through my behavior or my talk. I have free will because I am a 'self,' or a soul, and I'm not just a brain. ~J.P. Moreland, PHD~
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Divinities of the soul are life, light and love.
Amy  Miller, Beyond Companionship: Connecting with Kindred Souls of Animal Companions.|When I connect with the animals around me, I connect with their soul. I believe where there is a soul, there is a journey and a purpose.
T.A. Cline, Archomai|Sometimes the heart speaks, and the brain does not understand the language.
Stefan Emunds|If God is really my Father, I have rights, and He has responsibilities. I hereby claim my birthright to be protected, educated, and provided for!
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Death has only one hand glove... so it takes away the body, but leaves behind the impacts. Difference makers live twice; in body and in impacts... The former is temporal but the later lasts long!
Winston S. Churchill|The machinery of propaganda may pack their minds with falsehood and deny them truth for many generations of time. But the soul of man thus held in trance, or frozen in a long night, can be awakened by a spark coming from God knows where, and in a moment the whole structure of lies and oppression is on trial for its life.
Edward O. Sisson|The deepest-lying and most pervasive part of character is disposition: it accompanies us everywhere, and shows itself in all we do. It is the attitude of the soul toward life, the way in which we accept our situation and our daily experiences. On the inner side it gives color and tone to our own conscious life: on the outer side it pervades and modifies our conduct toward others and our reactions to events. A good disposition is indispensable to good character, though of course not all of character; without it one cannot hope for perfection; even with it one may fail through lack of higher elements. It is a sort of foundation layer.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Negative thoughts crashed the spirit, weaken the soul and make the body sick.
Priyavrat Thareja|Happiness is 'happening' in the good souls, those God loves. That love is mirrored in terms of Happiness.
Stefan Emunds|Spirituality is conversation with God, everything else is just religious custom.
Melville Herman|In fact take my body who will, take it I say, it is not me. And therefore three cheers for Nantucket; and come a stove boat and stove body when they will, for stave my soul, Jove himself cannot.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The spirit awaken, the soul revive.
Nauman Khan|they say every living thing requires proper nutrition to survive, they also say music is food for the soul, if that was true i would hav been long dead, hence proved that the soul which survive on music is not a soul but a desire and desires don't die until killed, we should be concerned about the soul which will be held accountable after our deaths, we should make sure our soul is not on dieting now a days
Dada Bhagwan|Happiness lies with us only. Desire for experiencing interactive pleasure is because of the association with the ignorance (of the Self). The one who does not have such association, he will ‘realize’ true happiness.
Nikki Rowe|My experience of chaotic lessons has humbled me enough to know, I could have it worse than I do I now and positive enough to know I can be where I want to be, someday.
Beth Revis|My heart will never forget what it’s like to fade in and out of time, to never know if one year or a thousand have passed by, to torture yourself with the idea of your soul trapped behind ice for all eternity.I know what torture there is behind ice.
Bien Sufficient|When you live your life seeking the opinion and approval of others, you become a slave in your mind and soul to others. This is the worst form of slavery.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Adversity quickens the mind, awakens the spirit and strength the soul.
Bien Sufficient|There is nothing my mind can conceive, my heart can believe, my eyes can see and my soul can visualize that I cannot do. Even if the whole world says I can’t, it’s just a matter of time and I will get it done.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The sea may catch fire, the planets may collide in space, the sun may quench off its heat, but what we understand is that our peace is like a river in our souls; it's surface may wave about in turbulence, but it's bottom is cool and gently calm!
Kim Harrison, A Perfect Blood|Emojin stopped, turned, and nailed him with her glare. “Because she’s making this one piece all she’ll ever need to show the world who she is instead of coloring her body with random images and needing thirty expressions to show her soul.
Trudi Canavan|My soul is the gods’; my heart is yours.Leiard smiled—a sly, secretive smile. It was an expression she had never seen him wear before. Was this just her mind embellishing the mood she sensed from him? I’ve always suspected souls were a concept the gods invented to encourage people to serve them. In fact, I once had a conversation with a god in which he admitted that —
Matthew Pearl, The Last Bookaneer|It is not when a man is at the end of his life, but when a man is at the end of his profession, that his soul shows itself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The living WORD, medicine for the soul.
Drunken Mystic|Becoming thoughtless does not mean, non-existence of thought. It simply means reaching out to the absolute state of the consciousness which is free of thinking. All of us need a thought to allow universal consciousness to express itself through finite medium – but in the end – the expression itself is infinite, whether visible or invisible
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The spirit of life, the divinity of the soul.
Marcel Proust|For even if we have the sensation of being always surrounded by our own soul, it is not as though by a motionless prison: rather, we are in some sense borne along with it in a perpetual leap to go beyond it.
Tracey-anne McCartney, A Carpet of Purple Flowers|I became lost in a world darkened beyond any known shade of black, and the only light that I have seen since...is you.
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to be successful in any area of life, you have to work on developing your soul.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|Study the nature around you, but also within you.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.
Eleanor Roosevelt|To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
Margaret Thatcher|Don't follow the crowd, let the crowd follow you.
John C. Maxwell|Leadership is not about titles, positions or flowcharts. It is about one life influencing another.
Steve Jobs|You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right. If you're not passionate enough from the start, you'll never stick it out.
Dolly Parton|If your actions create a legacy that inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, then, you are an excellent leader.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Don’t waste your energy trying to educate or change opinions; go over, under, through, and opinions will change organically when you’re the boss. Or they won’t. Who cares? Do your thing, and don’t care if they like it.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|Power isn’t control at all — power is strength, and giving that strength to others. A leader isn’t someone who forces others to make him stronger; a leader is someone willing to give his strength to others that they may have the strength to stand on their own.
Lao Tzu|I have three precious things which I hold fast and prize. The first is gentleness; the second is frugality; the third is humility, which keeps me from putting myself before others. Be gentle and you can be bold; be frugal and you can be liberal; avoid putting yourself before others and you can become a leader among men.
George S. Patton Jr.|Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|A man can only lead when others accept him as their leader, and he has only as much authority as his subjects give to him. All of the brilliant ideas in the world cannot save your kingdom if no one will listen to them.
George S. Patton Jr., Patton Principles|Lead me, follow me, or get the hell out of my way.
Henry David Thoreau|If you would convince a man that he does wrong, do right. But do not care to convince him. Men will believe what they see. Let them see.
Joseph Campbell|A bit of adviceGiven to a young Native AmericanAt the time of his initiation:As you go the way of life,You will see a great chasm. Jump.It is not as wide as you think.
Tom Peters, Thriving on Chaos: Handbook for a Management Revolution|If you're not confused, you're not paying attention.
Abraham Lincoln|Be with a leader when he is right, stay with him when he is still right, but, leave him when he is wrong.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|You do not lead by hitting people over the head -- that's assault, not leadership.
Kenneth H. Blanchard|The key to successful leadership is influence, not authority.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|A leader. . .is like a shepherd. He stays behind the flock, letting the most nimble go out ahead, whereupon the others follow, not realizing that all along they are being directed from behind.
Harry Truman|Not all readers are leaders, but all leaders are readers.
Theodore Roosevelt|The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson|Some are young people who don't know who they are, what they can be or even want to be. They are afraid, but they don't know of what. They are angry, but they don't know at whom. They are rejected and they don't know why. All they want is to be somebody. 
Rosalynn Carter|A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don't necessarily want to go, but ought to be.
Max DePree, Leadership Is an Art|In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be, by remaining what we are.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If soldiers are punished before they have grown attached to you, they will not prove submissive;and, unless submissive, then will be practically useless. If, when the soldiers have become attachedto you, punishments are not enforced, they will still be unless.
Elizabeth I|And therefore I am come amongst you at this time, not as for my recreation or sport, but being resolved, in the midst and heat of the battle, to live or die amongst you all; to lay down, for my God, and for my kingdom, and for my people, my honour and my blood, even the dust. I know I have but the body of a weak and feeble woman; but I have the heart of a king, and of a king of England, too.
Tonya Hurley, Homecoming|You did what your heart told you to do,' Brain complimented. 'It is what leaders, not followers, do.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|...There are also those who inadvertently grant power to another man's words by continuously trying to spite him. If a man gets to the point where he can simply say, 'The sky is blue,' and people indignantly rush up trying to refute him saying, 'No, the sky is light blue,' then, whether they realize it or not, he has become an authority figure even to such adversaries.
Rick Riordan, The Throne of Fire|A general never shows despair. He instills confidence in his troops. He leads them forward, even into the mouth of death.
David Gemmell, Shield of Thunder|There is a darkness in you. In all of us, probably. Beasts we keep chained. Ordinary men have to keep the chains strong, for if we let the beast loose then society will turn upon us with fiery vengeance. Kings though...well, who is there to turn upon them? So the chains are made of straw. It is the curse of kings, Helikaon, that they can become monsters. And they invariably do.
Jack Weatherford, Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World|If you can't swallow your pride, you can't lead. Even the highest mountain had animals that step on it.
Peter F. Drucker|The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say "I." And that's not because they have trained themselves not to say "I." They don't think "I." They think "we"; they think "team." They understand their job to be to make the team function. They accept responsibility and don't sidestep it, but "we" gets the credit. This is what creates trust, what enables you to get the task done.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Give as few orders as possible," his father had told him once long ago. "Once you've given orders on a subject, you must always give orders on that subject.
Ralph Moody|Always remember, Son, the best boss is the one who bosses the least. Whether it's cattle, or horses, or men; the least government is the best government. 
Seth Godin, Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us|In a battle between  two ideas, the best one doesn't necessarily win. No, the idea that wins is the one with the most fearless heretic behind it.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A sign of power in a man is not only when people follow what he suggests, but also when people make a conscious effort to do the exact opposite of what he suggests.
George W. Bush|I'll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this Oval Office."(Washington DC, 12 May, 2008)
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong’o, Wizard of the Crow|Why did Africa let Europe cart away millions of Africa's souls from the continent to the four corners of the wind? How could Europe lord it over a continent ten times its size? Why does needy Africa continue to let its wealth meet the needs of those outside its borders and then follow behind with hands outstretched for a loan of the very wealth it let go? How did we arrive at this, that the best leader is the one that knows how to beg for a share of what he has already given away at the price of a broken tool? Where is the future of Africa?
Tony Blair|The art of leadership is saying no, not yes. It is very easy to say yes.
Joyce Meyer|(On being in a position of leadership) Even if it's your dog, you've got authority over somebody. Start treating him better.
Dwight D. Eisenhower, At Ease: Stories I Tell to Friends|Always try to associate yourself with and learn as much as you can from those who know more than you do, who do better than you, who see more clearly than you.
Jim Anderson, Unmasked: Exposing the Cultural Sexual Assault|The world is full of men who want to be right, when actually the secret of a man's strength and his pathway to true honor is his ability to admit fault when he has failed. God wants to fill the church with men who can say they are wrong when THEY ARE WRONG. A man who is willing to humble himself before God and his family and say:"I was wrong." will find that his family has all the confidence in the world in him and will much more readily follow him. If he stubbornly refuses to repent or admit he was wrong, their confidence in him and in his leadership erodes.
Rob Liano|Each day you are leading by example. Whether you realize it or not or whether it's positive or negative, you are influencing those around you.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|At that moment, in the sunset on Watership Down, there was offered to General Woundwort the opportunity to show whether he was really the leader of vision and genius which he believed himself to be, or whether he was no more than a tyrant with the courage and cunning of a pirate. For one beat of his pulse the lame rabbit's idea shone clearly before him. He grasped it and realized what it meant. The next, he had pushed it away from him.
Barack Obama|To all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
David J. Vaughan, Give Me Liberty: The Uncompromising Statesmanship of Patrick Henry|A leader must lead. Where others see obstacles, he must see opportunities. When others see problems, he must see possibilities ... Civilization is not built on a negation but on an affirmation- an affirmation of the bright and promising possibilities that the future holds for those who are enterprising enough to pursue them.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The key to every man is his thought. Sturdy and defying though he look, he has a helm which he obeys, which is the idea after which all his facts are classified. He can only be reformed by showing him a new idea which commands his own.
Vanna Bonta, Flight: A Quantum Fiction Novel|Leaders in all realms and activities of life knew that the power they had come to hold existed because they were responsible to serve the many, thus power was position of service.
Lao Tzu|Go to the people. Live with them. Learn from them. Love them. Startwith what they know. Build with what they have. But with the bestleaders, when the work is done, the task accomplished, the people willsay 'We have done this ourselves.
Patrick Lencioni, The Five Dysfunctions of a Team: A Leadership Fable|Great teams do not hold back with one another. They are unafraid to air their dirty laundry. They admit their mistakes, their weaknesses, and their concerns without fear of reprisal.
Alan Sakowitz, Miles Away... Worlds Apart|Unless today is well lived, tomorrow is not important.
Peter F. Drucker|People in any organization are always attached to the obsolete - the things that should have worked but did not, the things that once were productive and no longer are.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Man wants to be the king o’ the rabbits, he best wear a pair o’ floppy ears.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Trial by Fire|In the end,” Callum said, his voice soft, gentle, “it all comes back to you. You protect them [your pack], you love them, you live for them, and someday, you die. That’s what it means, Bryn-girl, to be what we are [to be Alpha]. It’s lonely. It’s impossible. It’s all-consuming.” It is what it is.
Alfred Bester, The Stars My Destination|There's got to be more to life than just living," Foyle said to the robot."Then find it for yourself, sir. Don't ask the world to stop moving because you have doubts.""Why can't we all move forward together?""Because you're all different. You're not lemmings. Some must lead, and hope that the rest will follow.""Who leads?""The men who must...driven men, compelled men.""Freak men.""You're all freaks, sir. But you always have been freaks. Life is a freak. That's its hope and glory.""Thank you very much.""My pleasure, sir.""You've saved the day.""Always a lovely day somewhere, sir," the robot beamed. Then it fizzed, jangled, and collapsed.
John C. Maxwell, The 360 Degree Leader: Developing Your Influence from Anywhere in the Organization|The bottom line in managing your emotions is that you should put others – not yourself – first in how you handle and process them. Whether you delay or display your emotions should not be for your own gratification. You should ask yourself, What does the team need? Not, What will make me feel better?
Tom Rath, Strengths Based Leadership: Great Leaders, Teams, and Why People Follow: A Landmark Study of Great Leaders, Teams, and the Reasons Why We Follow|If you spend your life trying to be good at everything, you will never be great at anything.
John Paul Warren|Stop counting your "years" and start enjoying your "seasons".
Tom Rath, Strengths Based Leadership: Great Leaders, Teams, and Why People Follow: A Landmark Study of Great Leaders, Teams, and the Reasons Why We Follow|Although individuals need not be well-rounded, teams should be.
Daniel Nayeri, Another Faust|The world is full of stupid people. That's why we have rules. But with enough intelligence, a person can be above the rules. She can make rules.
Warren G. Bennis, Geeks and Geezers: How Era, Values and Defining Moments Shape Leaders|Neoteny is more than retaining a youthful appearance, although that is often part of it. Neoteny is the retention of all those wonderful qualities that we associate with youth: curiosity, playfulness, eagerness, fearlessness, warmth, energy. Unlike those defeated by time and age, our geezers have remained much like our geeks – open, willing to take risks, hungry for knowledge and experience, courageous, eager to see what the new day brings. Time and lost steal the zest from the unlucky, and leave them looking longingly at the past. Neoteny is a metaphor for the quality – and the gift – that keeps the fortunate of whatever age focused on all marvelous undiscovered things to come.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|To win the big stakes in this changed world, you must catch the spirit of the great pioneers of the past, whose dreams have given to civilization all that it has of value, the spirit that serves as the life-blood of our own country – your opportunity and mine, to develop and market our talents.
Tony Dungy, The Mentor Leader: Secrets to Building People and Teams That Win Consistently|Remember that mentor leadership is all about serving. Jesus said, “For even the Son of Man came not to be served but to serve others and to give his life as a ransom for many” (Mark 10:45).
Eugene V. Debs|I would not be a Moses to lead you into the Promised Land, because if I could lead you into it, someone else could lead you out of it.
Donald Van de Mark|Your life is a trajectory. Every choice you make alters that trajectory, in a positive or negative way. Will you categorize that dinner with friends as a business expense? Will you be honest with your daughter? Will you take more credit than you’re due? These are just the small questions that we face every day, and little by little, the answers influence the trajectory of our lives and beings.
Tom Northup|No great manager or leader ever fell from heaven, its learned not inherited.
John C. Maxwell, The 360 Degree Leader: Developing Your Influence from Anywhere in the Organization|Tend to the people, and they will tend to the business.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Real men don't dance to other people's tune, instead, they play for others to dance.
John Paul Warren|I define my life not by the things I have done, but by the people I have loved.
Thomas Fuller|Tis skill, not strength, that governs a ship
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|As more and more artificial intelligence is entering into the world, more and more emotional intelligence must enter into leadership.
Peter F. Drucker|Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.
David Foster Wallace|Real leaders are people who “help us overcome the limitations of our own individual laziness and selfishness and weakness and fear and get us to do better, harder things than we can get ourselves to do on our own.
Kelley Armstrong, The Calling|When you accept a leadership role, you take on extra responsibility for your actions toward others.
Jerry Porras, Success Built to Last: Creating a Life that Matters|When you put together deep knowledge about a subject that intensely matters to you, charisma happens. You gain courage to share your passion, and when you do that, folks follow.
Winston S. Churchill|When eagles are silent, parrots begin to chatter.
George Washington|It is absolutely necessary... for me to have persons that can think for me, as well as execute orders.
Robert Half|Delegating work works, provided the one delegating works, too.
Shannon L. Alder|Great leaders get people to admit the truth because they know that dreams are buried under the lies they tell themselves, in order to feel okay with giving up.
Robert B. Parker, The Widening Gyre|...You have any suggestions, make them. I'm in charge but humble. No need to salute when you see me." Fraser said, "Mind if we snicker every once in a while behind your back?" "Hell, no," I said. "Everyone else does.
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Suicide Club|Alas! in the clothes of the greatest potentate, what is there but a man?
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|He said, one time, that no true leader burdened his followers with a greater load than they could carry, and no true leader sets too fast a pace for his follows to keep up.
Roy  Bennett|Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Compassionate leaders honor the complexity of human relationships, nurture authenticity and create common grounds for blooming great ideas of individuals.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|In essence, leadership is the sense of calling to a higher purpose.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Compassionate leaders know their stakeholders and address their concerns, their hopes, dreams and fears.
Warren G. Bennis, Organizing Genius: The Secrets of Creative Collaboration|Too many companies believe people are interchangeable. Truly gifted people never are. They have unique talents. Such people cannot be forced into roles they are not suited for, nor should they be. Effective leaders allow great people to do the work they were born to do.
Tom Northup|All organizations are perfectly designed to get the results they are now getting. If we want different results, we must change the way we do things.
J. Oswald Sanders, Spiritual Leadership|We should always aim to read something different=not only the writers with whom we agree, but those with whom we are ready to do battle. Their point of view challenges us to examine the truth and to test their views...and let us not comment on nor criticize writers of whom we have heard only second-hand, or third-hand without troubling to read their works for ourselves...Don't be afraid of new ideas.
Paul Orfalea, Copy This!: Lessons from a Hyperactive Dyslexic who Turned a Bright Idea Into One of America's Best Companies|Accountants are in the past, managers are in the present, and leaders are in the future.
Laura Weakley|Leadership isn't about power for the sake of power - not true leadership. Instead it deals with modeling behavior you want others to have, and with responsibility for being certain the people you lead are treated equitably, and with respect. Not an easy task. You can't make other people feel anything, or think anything; you can only try to teach them what you want them to feel and think and why you think they should act accordingly.
John Christopher, When the Tripods Came|And a leader has to command confidence, and consent.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|I'm accustomed to being top man. I been a bull goose catskinner for every gyppo logging operation in the Northwest and bull goose gambler all the way from Korea, was even bull goose pea weeder on that pea farm at Pendleton -- so I figure if I'm bound to be a loony, then I'm bound to be a stompdown dadgum good one.
David J. Vaughan, Give Me Liberty: The Uncompromising Statesmanship of Patrick Henry|(Patrick Henry) He understood that the home was the foundation of a stable society and that the authority a man "exercised within the larger society was rooted in the authority exercised at home." Thus ... the training ground for all sound leadership is the family.
Grace Murray Hopper|Leadership is a two-way street, loyalty up and loyalty 
Jack Welch|Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.
Julien Smith, The Flinch|So if you see no one like you, no one who agrees, don't worry. There are actually hundreds of people like you, and they're waiting for a leader. That person is you.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look upon them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death.
John Buchan|The task of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there.
John Paul Warren|Too many in the Church today are likes babies in the nursery,they put everything in their mouth.
Blake Charlton, Spellbound|[Nicodemus] 'Magistra DeVega, can I ask for your help?'[DeVega] 'You can ask,' she said with her usual calmness, 'but the clerics haven't developed a cure for death by idiotic leadership.
Orji Uzor Kalu|A good businessman must have nose for business the same way a journalist has nose for news. In places where people see a lot of obstacles, I see a lot of opportunities. A good businessman sees where others don’t see.
John Paul Warren|live as temporal, serve as eternal
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A system is corrupt when it is strictly profit-driven, not driven to serve the best interests of its people, but those of multinational corporations.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Leadership is not just some empty formulas but establishing deep connection at soul levels through service, integrity, passion, perseverance and equanimity.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|You are blessed, You are great. You are not alone. You are powerful.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Great leader knows that under the turmoil of chaos and change, there is a beauty of patterns and designs.
Marco Pierre White, The Devil in the Kitchen: Sex, Pain, Madness and the Making of a Great Chef|If you are not extreme, then people will take shortcuts because they don't fear you.
Carl von Clausewitz|If the leader is filled with high ambition and if he pursues his aims with audacity and strength of will, he will reach them in spite of all obstacles.
J. Oswald Sanders|True greatness, true leadership, is achieved not by reducing men to one's service but in giving oneself in selfless service to them.
Warren G. Bennis, Organizing Genius: The Secrets of Creative Collaboration|Who succeeds in forming and leading a Great Group? He or she is almost always a pragmatic dreamer. They are people who get things done, but they are people with immortal longings. Often, they are scientifically minded people with poetry in their souls.
Jack Weatherford, Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World|Without the vision of a goal, a man cannot manage his own life, much less the lives of others.
Howard Schultz, Pour Your Heart Into It: How Starbucks Built a Company One Cup at a Time|People want guidance, not rhetoric. They need to know what the plan of action is, and how it will be implemented. They want to be given responsibility to help solve the problem and authority to act on it.
Jerry Porras, Success Built to Last: Creating a Life that Matters|The essential difference with Builders is that they've found something to do that matters to them and are therefore so passionately engaged, they rise above the personality baggage that would otherwise hold them down. Whatever they are doing has so much meaning to them that the cause itself provides charisma and they plug into it as if it was electrical current.
Robert Lynn Asprin, Myth Conceptions|Diplomacy is the delicate weapon of the civilized warrior."- Hun, A. T.
John Grisham, The Broker|The president had shifted to the 'we' mode now, something he invariably did when a potentially unpopular decision was at hand. For the easy ones, it was always 'I.' When he needed a crutch, and especially when he would need someone to blame, he opened up the decisionmaking process and included Critz.
Stevenson Willis, Thes Proverbs of Leadership|If you seek honor and respect you will not find it, for a leader is powerless to elevate himself. It is only when you serve others without regard for self, will honor, respect and lasting success be found.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Make a difference, change the game for the better, leave a legacy, be a guide that someone else can follow and make better, and then someone else will follow that and make that better.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Great leaders have three things; inner light, inner vision and inner strength.
Arthur C. Clarke, The Garden of Rama|[T]hese leaders must not believe they are actually being watched, for their behavior in no way reflects the possible existence of a set of values or ethical laws that supersedes their own dominion.
Jack Weatherford, Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World|The first key to leadership was self-control, particularly the mastery of pride, which was something more difficult, he explained, to subdue than a wild lion and anger, which was more difficult to defeat than the greatest wrestler. He warned them that "if you can't swallow your pride, you can't lead.
Thomas S. Monson|The power to lead is the power to mislead, and the power to mislead is the power to destroy.
Bob Goshen|Leaders..should influence others..in such a way that it builds people up, encourages and edifies them so they can duplicate this attitude in others.
John Paul Warren|‎"You will never reach your dreams without honoring others along the way.
Rachel Higginson, Fearless Magic|If there were only success in your life, you would not learn anything. Leadership is experience and you are still young. You still have much to learn about our people and war; it should not come easy to you. If it did, you would be robbed of life's most valuable teacher.
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|In the world at large we seldom vote for a principle or a given state of affairs. We vote for a man who pretends to believe in that principle or promises to achieve that state. We don't want a man, we want a condition of peace and plenty-- or, it may be, war and want-- but we must vote for a man.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|The present representative of the Dedlocks is an excellent master. He supposes all his dependents to be utterly bereft of individual characters, intentions, or opinions, and is persuaded that he was born to supersede the necessity of their having any. If he were to make a discovery to the contrary, he would be simply stunned — would never recover himself, most likely, except to gasp and die.
Mike  Foster|Lobbing hand grenades on the bride of Christ takes zero talent or effort. I also think this really ticks God off. My five-year-old child complains and whines when things aren't the way she wants them, but courageous men and women roll up their sleeves and get busy. I want to be an active participant in putting back together the broken pieces.
Jeff Greenfield, Then Everything Changed: Stunning Alternate Histories of American Politics: JFK, RFK, Carter, Ford, Reagan|In politics, Bugs Bunny always beats Daffy Duck. Daffy's always going berserk, jumping up and down, yelling. Bugs's got that sly smile, like he always knows what's up, like nothing can ruffle him.
Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March|the condition of leadership adds new degrees of solitariness to the basic solitude of mankind. Every order that we issue increases the extent to which we are alone, and every show of deference which is extended to us separates us from our fellows.
John Paul Warren|Count your blessings, discount you’re loses
Stephen R. Covey|Through real-life stories, Kristin Kaufman illustrates the core idea of being present in the moment and opening oneself up to new ideas in order to become an authentic leader in life.
Jodi Thomas, To Kiss a Texan|No.” Allie stood her ground. “I’ll not go in.““Me, neither.” Jason slid from his horse. “If Allie ain’t going in, I’m not going in.”Wes glanced skyward. How was it possible for his near mute wife to pick up an echo? After four years in the Army, leading men, and two years of pushing cattle to market, it took Allie to make Wes realize that a leader wasn’t a leader unless he had a follower.“All right, where would you like to sleep tonight?
Adam S. McHugh, Introverts in the Church: Finding Our Place in an Extroverted Culture|In a team setting, leadership is shared by a community of people, which counters the tendency for pastors to form congregations in their own images.
Norman Schwarzkopf|Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|They stood there, King of the Hill, Top of the Heap, Ruler of All They Surveyed, Unimpeachable Monarchs and Presidents, trying to understand what it meant to own a world and how big a world really was.
Ronald A. Heifetz, Leadership on the Line: Staying Alive Through the Dangers of Leading|Exercising leadership is an expression of your aliveness... But when you cover yourself up, you risk losing something as well. In the struggle to save yourself, you can give up too many of those qualities that are the essence of being alive, like innocence, curiosity, and compassion.
J. Oswald Sanders|If done "as God wants.' then leadership will surely include intercessory prayer. The saintly Bishop Azariah of India once remarked to Bishop Stephen Neill that he found time to pray daily, by name, for every leader in his extensive diocese. Little wonder that during his thirty years of eldering there, the diocese tripled its membership and greatly increase in spiritual effectiveness
Stevenson Willis, Thes Proverbs of Leadership|The mind is a storehouse with great capacity, but is often filled with dubious knowledge and meaningless trivialities. In truth, much of this - though at times interesting and entertaining - is of insignificant value.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|The process of gaining power employs means which degrade or brutalize the seeker, who awakes to find that power has been possessed at the cost of virtue or moral purpose lost.
Kass Morgan|Sasha: "It's not your fault. You were doing what you thought was best to keep them safe. It isn't easy, making those kinds of decisions. I know that. And I also know the difference between you when you're trying to be the leader and you when you get to just be a boy."Wells: "It's funny you should say that,""Say what?""That you see the difference between me as a leader and me as a person.""I believe I said boy." she corrected.~Chapter 21 Pg: 228
Lawrence Martin, Harperland: The Politics Of Control|The conservatives had started bringing demagoguery to the table on the [Afghan] war issue the previous fall [fall 2006]. Whenever opposition members criticized the war policy, assorted Tories accused them of being disloyal and of failing to support the troops....[Harper] was gaining the reputation of a leader who couldn't see a belt without wanting to hit below it.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Effective decision-making can be seen as an optimal link between memory of the past, ground-realities of the present and insights of the future.
Robert Kirkman, The Walking Dead, Vol. 26: Call to Arms|Point me in the right direction, and shut the fuck up. I'm the one calling the shots now. Fall in line or fall down a fucking well.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Be the start of something that is good, revolutionary and powerful. Everything after that is a bonus!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Try not to leave your work for someone else to do. If possible, carry the work of someone and add it to yours. That's a trait of leaders!
Israelmore Ayivor|Contrary to popular opinion, leadership is not a reserved position for a particular group of people who were elected or appointed, ordained or enthroned. Leadership is self-made, self-retained, self-inculcated and then exposed through a faithful, sincere and examplary life.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|All great leaders find a sense of balance through their levels of reception. For instance, those who support a leader may soften him, those who ignore him may challenge him, and those who oppose him may stroke his ego.
Israelmore Ayivor|A true leader is still a leader even when he takes up servants' duty, provided he maintains a human face and added integrity to his self-retained qualities.
L. David Marquet|If you want people to to think, give them intent, not instruction.
Shannon L. Alder|If you don’t know what you value in life, then you won’t be able to make any meaningful decisions you can live with in the future.
Jon Meacham, American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House|Jackson lead as he lived, sometimes with his heart, sometimes with his mind, sometimes with both.
Vannevar Bush|Fear cannot be banished, but it can be calm and without panic; it can be mitigated by reason and evaluation.
Charles R. Swindoll|After Peter came to recognize his own inadequacy, his utter inability to fulfill his destiny apart from obedience to his only true responsibility, he became a rock-solid leader. As his story unfolds in the book of acts, we can clearly see that when Peter kept his eyes on Jesus and followed Him, others followed to. And they followed by the thousands. Needed today: more Peters.
Depak Chopras|Yes, in all my research, the greatest leaders looked inward and were able to tell a good story with authenticity and passion.
Orrin Woodward, LIFE|Without courage, it doesn't matter how good the leader's intentions are.
Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock|Today this courtyard was filled with great warriors. What is more? But it was not filled with great men who have the heart to rule a kingdom. Any man can kill, Finnikin. It is a stroke, an action with one's hand. But not every man knows how to lead.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow Puppets|You accomplish exactly as much as the people who serve you decide you'll accomplish, and nothing more.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|He was not ill-fitted to be the head and representative of a community which owed its origin and progress, and its present state of development, not to the impulses of youth, but to the stern and tempered energies of manhood and the sombre sagacity of age; accomplishing so much, precisely because it imagined and hoped so little.
Hamilton Basso|(Vice President) Garner has taken his personal smallness, his lack of generosity, and forged it into a political principle. He has no imagination, no convictions, and he substitutes political cynicism for social understanding.
akhil aravind|a leadership is a position of action process of abolition,completion of mission,over come oppositionand submission of duties
Seth Godin, Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us|How was your day? If your answer was "fine," then I don't think you were leading.
