Peter Ackroyd, The Canterbury Tales: A Retelling|Women, of their nature, crave for liberty; they will not be ordered around like servants.
Nelson Algren, The Neon Wilderness|She was neither widow nor mother: she only yearned for the dignity of a woman who had once belonged, somewhere, to somebody. She had belonged to no one, for she had never wanted chick nor child. Her idea of home had been any side-alley entrance and a pint of tinted gin. All she had ever striven for was small change left lying by strangers on North Clark Street bars; and any man's bottle at all.
Kyrian Lyndon|The rationale seems to be that we keep people as victims by validating them, empathizing with them, and fighting alongside them for equality and the dignity they deserve. I don’t think people are kept down by that. I believe what keeps people down is the constant dismissal of their pain, the degradation, the humiliation, the fear of injustice, and the continuous crushing of their will, their faith, and their hope. This type of oppression kills the self-esteem people need to empower themselves, and it's flat-out terrorism.
Carol Vorvain, A fool in Istanbul - Adventures of a self denying workaholic|In his humble opinion, she possessed the least appealing traits a woman can put on display: undiscriminating curiosity and nonsensical verbosity.
Emma Cline, The Girls|At that age I looked at women with brutal and emotionless judgement. Assessing the slope of their breasts, imagining how they would look in very crude positions.
Wilkie Collins, The Law and the Lady|Only give a woman love, and there is nothing she will not venture, suffer, and do.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Lodore|Yes," she thought, "nature is the refuge and home for women: they have no public career—no aim nor end beyond their domestic circle; but they can extend that, and make all the creations of nature their own, to foster and do good to.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|I see stunning men walking on the street everyday. Some walk shirtless because it's hot and they feel more comfortable that way. Do I scream out at them, beep at them or whistle? No, I smile to myself in appreciation of them and drive on by. Why? Because I believe they have the right to go about their lives without me imposing my sexual desire upon them.
Fatema Mernissi, Dreams of Trespass: Tales of a Harem Girlhood|There are many ways to be beautiful. Fighting, swearing, and ignoring tradition could make a women irresistible.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Men have hitherto treated women like birds which have strayed down to them from the heights; as something more delicate, more fragile, more savage, stranger, sweeter, soulful – but as something which has to be caged up so that it shall not fly away.
Friedrich Nietzsche|A real man wants two things: danger and play. Therefore he wants woman as the most dangerous plaything. Man shall be educated for war, and woman for the recreation of the warrior: all else is folly.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|A guy never has a right to force a woman to have sex with him under any circumstances. She should be able to say no at any point, and he must honor that denial. It is criminal that so many girls and women are raped today. Fully 60 percent of all females who lose their virginity before age fifteen say that their first sexual experience was forced! That is a tragedy with far-reaching consequences.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|My mother once wrote a poem about rivers. They were women, she wrote. Starting out small girls, tiny streams decorated with wildflowers. They were torrents, gouging paths through sheer granite, flinging themselves off cliffs, fearless and irresistible. Later, they grew fat servicable, broad slow curves carrying commerce and sewage, but in their unconscious depths catfish gorged, grew the size of barges, and in the hundred-year storms, they rose up, forgetting the promises they made, the wedding vows, and drowned everything for miles around. Finally they gave out, birth-emptied, malarial, into a fan of swamps that met the ocean.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Among such persons are those women who transform themselves into just that function of a man that is but weakly developed in him, and then become his purse, or his politics, or his social intercourse. Such beings maintain themselves best when they insert themselves in an alien organism; if they do not succeed they become vexed, irritated, and eat themselves up.
Anastasia Aukeman, Welcome to Painterland: Bruce Conner and the Rat Bastard Protective Association|This not to say that the men and women associated with the Rat Bastard Protective Association had freed themselves from the powerful hold of established gender roles on their lives. Shirley Burman, Joan Brown, Jean Conner, Jay DeFeo, and Joanna McClure most frequently provided the practical component of the vision they shared with their spouses; that is, the women all worked for a living... As Càndida Smith observed, the 'contradictions of this imaginary society fell most acutely upon the women, for... they carried the burden of 'holding things together'.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|That’s why we must continue to support godly men and women who have dedicated their lives to Christian principles and to continuing those ideas in our offspring. Professors’ worldviews influence whatever they teach, from humanities to basic sciences, and what they think about God cannot be hidden from their students.
Helen Oyeyemi, What is Not Yours is Not Yours|She found Safiye leaning against an oil lantern out in the garden and saw for herself that she wasn't the only foolish woman in the world, or even at that party, for Safiye had Lucy's highly polished bangle in her hand and was turning it this way and that in order to catch fireflies in the billowing, transparent left sleeve of her gown.
Bruce Golden|The trouble with women is, they all become bossy in the end, like they think they own you. There's nothing I loathe more than a bossy woman. Hell, there have been times I made up my mind to give up women completely-go cold turkey. Fortunately the rest of my body never agrees. That demon pow-whammy keeps calling me back.
Rufi Thorpe, Dear Fang, With Love|She carried herself like a dishonored queen. Even the way she held her head at an angle as she considered the buildings around us seemed watched and pretentious, and I thought about my mother saying there was something toxic about being very beautiful. It must be terrible to be a woman.
Toni Morrison, Love|A woman is an important somebody and sometimes you win the triple crown: good food, good sex, and good talk. Most men settle for any one, happy as a clam if they get two. But listen, let me tell you something. A good man is a good thing, but there is nothing in the world better than a good good woman. She can be your mother, your wife, your girlfriend, your sister, or somebody you work next to. Don’t matter. You find one, stay there. You see a scary one, make tracks.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|let the stars inside you breathe,before the darkness swallows them whole.let them burn through your skinand light this whole goddamn world on fire.
Aristophanes, Lysistrata|What can you answer? Now be careful, don’t arouse my spite, Or with my slipper I’ll take you napping,faces slappingLeft and right.
Marquis de Sade, Philosophy in the Boudoir or, The Immoral Mentors|To lie is always a necessity for women; above all when they choose to deceive, falsehood becomes vital to them.
H.G. Wells, The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman|This self-reliance, this direct dealing with the world, seemed to him, even in the height of his concern, unwomanly, a deeper injury to his own abandoned assumptions than any he had contemplated.
H.G. Wells, The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman|He perceived too in these still hours how little he had understood her hitherto. He had been blinded, — obsessed. He had been seeing her and himself and the whole world far too much as a display of the eternal dualism of sex, the incessant pursuit. Now with his sexual imaginings newly humbled and hopeless, with a realization of her own tremendous minimization of that fundamental of romance, he began to see all that there was in her personality and their possible relations outside that. He saw how gravely and deeply serious was her fine philanthropy, how honest and simple and impersonal her desire for knowledge and understandings. There is the brain of her at least, he thought, far out of Sir Isaac's reach. She wasn't abased by her surrenders, their simplicity exalted her, showed her innocent and himself a flushed and congested soul. He perceived now with the astonishment of a man newly awakened just how the great obsession of sex had dominated him — for how many years? Since his early undergraduate days. Had he anything to put beside her own fine detachment? Had he ever since his manhood touched philosophy, touched a social question, thought of anything human, thought of art, or literature or belief, without a glancing reference of the whole question to the uses of this eternal hunt? During that time had he ever talked to a girl or woman with an unembarrassed sincerity? He stripped his pretences bare; the answer was no. His very refinements had been no more than indicative fig-leaves. His conservatism and morality had been a mere dalliance with interests that too brutal a simplicity might have exhausted prematurely. And indeed hadn't the whole period of literature that had produced him been, in its straining purity and refinement, as it were one glowing, one illuminated fig-leaf, a vast conspiracy to keep certain matters always in mind by conspicuously covering them away? But this wonderful woman — it seemed — she hadn't them in mind! She shamed him if only by her trustful unsuspiciousness of the ancient selfish game of Him and Her that he had been so ardently playing.... He idealized and worshipped this clean blindness. He abased himself before it.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|They were all slender, frail creatures with wondering eyes and soft fluttery voices. But they were all made out of thin invisible steel.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|They were all slender, frail creatures with wondering Wes and soft fluttery voices. But they were all made out of thin invisible steel.
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|Females are very simple, with them, yes means yes, & no means yes, & no means no, & no means maybe, but maybe means yes, & maybe means no!
Lois T. Henderson, Ruth|I will be a good wife," she thought, "that all the earth will know there is a God in Israel.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Women! They think it so romantic to break the rules. But what are we if we don't hold to tradition, am I right?" ~Darian
Diane Claire Benant, Just Jenna: How hard can it be to last a week without a man?|Toni Morrison said that if you can't find the book you want to read, write it. So I did! It's high time to give our heroines a different kind of happy ending.
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|If she is wrong educate her, don't belittle her..
J.C. Ryle, Thoughts for Young Men|Be wise in time. What youth sows, old age must reap....Sow to yourself rather in righteousness: break up your fallow ground, sow not among thorns.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|Perhaps it’s true that in our sex-saturated culture it does take a certain amount of self-discipline to resist having sex, but restraint does not equal morality. And let’s be honest: if this were simply about resisting peer pressure and being strong, then the women who have sex because they actively want to — as appalling as that idea might be to those who advocate abstinence — wouldn’t be scorned. Because the “strength” involved in these women’s choice would be about doing what they want despite pressure to the contrary, not about resisting the sex act itself.
Warsan Shire|Mother says there are locked rooms inside all women, kitchen of love, bedroom of grief, bathroom of apathy. Sometimes, the men, they come with keys, and sometimes the men, they come with hammers.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Palace of Illusions|What did I learn that day in the sabha?All this time I'd believed in my power over my husbands. I'd believed that because they loved me they would do anything for me. But now I saw that though they did love me—as much perhaps as any man can love—there were other things they loved more. Their notions of honor, of loyalty toward each other, of reputation were more important to them than my suffering. They would avenge me later, yes, but only when they felt the circumstances would bring them heroic fame. A woman doesn't think that way. I would have thrown myself forward to save them if it had been in my power that day. I wouldn't have cared what anyone thought. The choice they made in the moment of my need changed something in our relationship. I no longer depended on them so completely in the future. And when I took care to guard myself from hurt, it was as much from them as from our enemies
Stephen King, The Stand|Thank you, Men, for the railroads. Thank you, Men, for inventing the automobile and killing the red Indians who thought it might be nice to hold on to America for a while longer, since they were here first. Thank you, Men, for the hospitals, the police, the schools. Now I'd like to vote, please, and have the right to set my own course and make my own destiny. Ince I was chattel, but now that is obsolete. My days of slavery must be over; I need to be a slave no more than I need to cross the Atlantic Ocean in a tiny boat with sails. Jet planes are safer and quicker than little boats with sails and freedom makes more sense than slavery. I am not afraid of flying. Thank you, Men.
James Hauenstein|Be careful when you ask Karma for something that you have always wanted. When I was young, I asked to be surrounded by beautiful women. Now I have a wife and four daughters.
Rumaan Alam, Rich and Pretty|Just reviewing this list, these to-dos and dones, her pace quickens; she feels lighter, she feels smarter, she feels in control, she feels alive.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|Throughout her life, Highsmith looked for women whom she could worship. Sex was far from the most important factor in any relationship; rather, it was this near-divine quality for which she yearned.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|With fire we test gold, and with gold we test women, and with women we test men.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|Maybe women forget days, but they always remember moments.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|Woman won't accept to be your second opinion, either you choose her or you lose her.
Christina Engela, Autumn Burning: Dreadtime Stories for the Wicked Soul|The patriarchy longs for the days 'when men were men' and women were oppressed, subservient - and they can see no wrong in it. It justifies its former power and lust to hold on to it - and if possible, to regain it by quoting fundamentalist and radical religion and tradition and calling it 'love'. Some love. How can oppression and power over another person's life ever be 'love'?
Laurie R. King, A Letter of Mary|Everyone is allowed a weakness, even women of the twentieth century.
Christina Engela, Demonspawn|I can understand backward patriarchal reasoning coming from a male, but from a woman - and of all people, a leader of women? It says something profound about leadership - and, if anything - what it says about followers is not very flattering at all.
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|Right now though, there is little that concerns me more than the impending assault on the human rights and equality of women and the pink community in South Africa. Right now there are events afoot in this country which justify my concern.
Zen Cho, Sorcerer to the Crown|It is a mother's duty to teach her daughters about the uses of blood, particularly a magical daughter.
Steven Magee|Having studied the toxic biological effects of wireless radio frequency (RF) radiation, I find it amazing that women will willfully strap on two radio frequency antennas to their breasts in the form of an underwired bra. The wireless industry knows the underwired bra as a dipole antenna or doublet.
Lindy West, Shrill: Notes from a Loud Woman|Why, when men hate themselves, it’s women who take the beatings.
Alice Munro|To be a femme fatale you don't have to be slinky and sensuous and disastrously beautiful, you just have to have the will to disturb.
Eve Ensler, The Vagina Monologues|Women secretly love to talk about their vaginas. They get very excited, mainly because no one has ever asked them before.
Nawal El-Saadawi, Woman at Point Zero|How is it possible to live? Life is so hard?’‘You must be harder than life, Firdaus. Life is very hard. The only people who really live are those who are harder than life itself.’‘But you are not hard, Sharifa, so how do you manage to live?’‘I am hard, terribly hard, Firdaus.’‘No, you are gentle and soft.’‘My skin is soft, but my heart is cruel, and my bite deadly.’‘Like snake?’‘Yes, exactly like a snake. Life is a snake. They are the same, Firdaus. If the snake realises you are not a snake, it will bite you. And if life knows you have no sting, it will devour you.
Siri Hustvedt, The Blazing World|No one rejoices more in revenge than women, wrote Juvenal. Women do most delight in revenge, wrote Sir Thomas Browne. Sweet is revenge, especially to women, wrote Lord Byron. And I say, I wonder why, boys. I wonder why.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|She was a pious Buddhist and every day in her prayers asked Buddha not ro reincarnate her as a woman. "Let me become a cat or dog, but not a woman," was her constant murmur as she shuffled around the house, oozing apology with every step.
Samantha Hunt, The Invention of Everything Else|Women will one day rule the world, and when they do, their brains will be so finely tuned from all the years of quiet that I anticipate they will be far superior rulers to men.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|Every time she went home she found herself being criticized. She was accused of being "too attached to her family," which was condemned as a "bourgeois habit," and had to see less and less of her own mother.
Robyn Davidson, Tracks: A Woman's Solo Trek Across 1700 Miles of Australian Outback|And it was only then that I realized what I had let myself in for, and only then I realized how bloody thick I had been not to have predicted it. It would seem that the combination of elements--woman, desert, camels, aloneness--hit some soft sport in this era's passionless, heartless, aching psyche. It fired the imaginations of people who seem themselves as alienated, powerless, unable to do anything about a world gone mad. And wouldn't it be my luck to pick just this combination. The reaction was totally unexpected and it was very, very weird. I was now public property. I was now a kind of symbol. I was now an object of ridicule for small-minded sexists, and I was a crazy, irresponsible adventurer (though not as crazy as I would have been had I failed). But worse than all that, I was now a mythical being who had done something courageous and outside the possibilities that ordinary people could hope for. And that was the antithesis of what I wanted to share. That anyone could do anything. If I could bumble my way across a desert, then anyone could do anything. And that was true especially for women, who have used cowardice for so long to protect themselves that it has become a habit.
Nawal El-Saadawi, Woman at Point Zero|How is it possible to live? Life is so hard?’‘You must be harder than life, Firdaus. Life is very hard. The only people who really live are those who are harder than life itself.’‘But you are not hard, Sharifa, so how do you manage to live?’‘I am hard, terribly hard, Firdaus.’‘No, you are gentle and soft.’‘My skin is soft, but my heart is cruel, and my bite deadly.’‘Like a snake?’‘Yes, exactly like a snake. Life is a snake. They are the same, Firdaus. If the snake realises you are not a snake, it will bite you. And if life knows you have no sting, it will devour you.
Rhys|If men stopped making fools of themselves in front of women, I'm 80% sure the planet would cease to spin on its axis.
Yasmin Lahda|Grandmother trains me when to slip and slide and change, and when to remain inert. She tells me, "It is true, women are the keepers. We are keepers of silverware, the bites of savouries in our broth. We are the sole keepers of the keys to the almari. But child, what we really excel at is adapting. Outward, we appear fixed, planted as feet, but we are also amphibians, pulling our families through land and sea when catastrophe strikes.
John Rachel|Where I grew up, women’s liberation was when you let a chick out of her cage for 15 minutes so she could stretch her legs.
Bertrand Russell|The psychology of adultery has been falsified by conventional morals, which assume, in monogamous countries, that attraction to one person cannot coexist with affection for another. Everybody knows that this is untrue.
Brian  Doyle, Credo: Essays on Grace, Altar Boys, Bees, Kneeling, Saints, the Mass, Priests, Strong Women, Epiphanies, a Wake, and the Haun|For a moment this day, for many moments this May, let us gape in awe at the strength of women, and look upon their sinewy courage with respect and humility, as the Lord looked on His Mother, and still does. Like Him we are of women born, and to women must pay our first respect, and owe our first love, for they are as strong as the very ribs of the earth.
Joyce Rachelle, Sewing Figs|But men are bound to saySome things that, though untrue,Will get you down the aisleUntil you say "I do.
Alice Munro|Why is there always this twitchiness, when you introduce a man to a woman friend, about whether the man will be bored or put off?
Barbara Pollack|What to do with daughters has always been something of a problem, unless they are so pretty or so passive or so wealthy that they are snatched up as brides as soon as the come of marriageable age.— THE COLLECTORS: DR. CLARIBEL AND MISS ETTA CONE
Melvin Udall played by Jack Nicholson in AS GOOD AS IT GETS.|Receptionist: How do you write women so well?Melvin Udall: I think of a man, and I take away reason and accountability.
Kristen Kehoe, Dropping In|The woman who is liberated must never cross the line in which we ask men to examine their actions; we are a country built on the ideas, ingenuity, canniness, and downright brutality of man—to question their motives is to question our existence.
Michelle Obama|When they go low, we go high.
Frances Hardinge, The Lie Tree|This is a battlefield, Faith! Women find themselves on battlefields, just as men do. We are given no weapons, and cannot be seen to fight. But fight we must, or perish.
Suzy Kassem|When the heart is beautiful, its light shines through the eyes, vocal tones and actions of its master. True beauty is not in the body, but in the heart of the beholder.
Qalandar Nawaz|You call her a Bitch,Because she throws attitude?Gentlemen, You need to Grow up!Try to be modest in Her Eyes,Not a disgust in Her Insights!
Anna Kessel, Eat Sweat Play: How Sport Can Change Our Lives|Surely we want to get to a point where women can be strong and powerful and not sexy. Or only sexy when they feel like it, not as a requirement to getting media coverage or being valued.
Anna Kessel, Eat Sweat Play: How Sport Can Change Our Lives|I think too often we forget that girls can like sport; we are not biologically programmed to detest it, we are - in the main - conditioned against it. But shouldn’t we try to change that?
Kahlil Gibran, Beloved Prophet: The Love Letters of Kahlil Gibran and Mary Haskell, and Her Private Journal|The professors in the academy say, “Do not make the model more beautiful than she is,” and my soul whispers, “O if you could only paint the model as beautiful as she really is.
Liane Moriarty, Big Little Lies|And maybe it was more than that.Maybe it was actually an unspoken instant agreement between the four women on the balcony: No woman should pay for the accidental death of this particular man. Maybe it was an involuntary, atavistic response to thousands of years of violence against women. Maybe it was for every rape, every brutal backhanded slap, every other Perry that had come before this one.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|I have been envious of male characteristics, if not the men themselves. I'm jealous of the ease with which they seem to inhabit their professional pursuits: the lack of apologizing, of bending over backward to make sure the people around them are comfortable with what they're trying to do. The fact that they are so often free of the people-pleasing instincts. I have watched men order at dinner, ask for shitty wine and extra bread with confidence I could never muster, and thought, what a treat that must be. But I also considered being female such a unique gift, such a sacred joy, in ways that run so deep I can't articulate them. It's a special kind of privilege to be born into the body you wanted, to embrace the essence of your gender even as you recognize what you are up against. Even as you seek to redefine it.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Poets, you always write about women worth dying for. Write, for a change, something about the ones worth living for!
Susan Sarandon|When all you know is pain you don’t know that that is not normal. It is not a woman’s lot to suffer, even if we’ve been raised that
Susan Sarandon|Pay equality is not going to happen because we scream and yell about it, it's going to happen when we start demandin
Gugu Mona|Working with women is such a rewarding experience because as you interact with them, you realize that although they face various struggles, women have one goal, to see the world change for the better.
Arlie Russell Hochschild, The Second Shift|In the history of American fatherhood, there have been roughly three stages, each a response to economic change. In the first, agrarian stage, a father trained and disciplined his son for employment, and often offered him work on the farm, while his wife brought up the girls. (For blacks, this stage began after slavery ended.) As economic life and vocational training moved out of the family in the early nineteenth century, fathers left more of the child-rearing to their wives. According to the historian John Nash, in both these stages, fathers were often distant and stern. Not until the early twentieth century, when increasing numbers of women developed identities, beyond brief jobs before marriage, in the schoolhouse, factory, and office, did the culture discover the idea that "father was friendly". In the early 1950s, popular magazines began to offer articles with titles such as "Fathers Are Parents Too" and "It's Time Father Got Back into the Family". Today, we are in the third stage of economic development but the second stage of fatherhood.
- A Starry Eyed April|Flythe kitesof your soul,letyour spiritsoar.
Ahmed Ali Anjum, Talking Pillow|The Women Who Can Wait For Her ManTill Dawn, Without Any Argument,Are Priceless.
Marge Piercy, Dance the Eagle to Sleep|they were in love with apocalypse, like all men, more in love with myths than with any woman.
Shayana K.|If got chance, 90% of married women in this world possess the power to manage home, child and career simultaneously, and many are still doing it. The challenge here is that what percent of married men has the will to say - I will help you out.
Mary Elizabeth Braddon, Lady Audley's Secret|The Eastern potentate who declared that women were at the bottom of all mischief, should have gone a little further and seen why it is so. It is because women are never lazy. They don’t know what it is to be quiet. They are Semiramides, and Cleopatras, and Joan of Arcs, Queen Elizabeths, and Catharine the Seconds, and they riot in battle, and murder, and clamour, and desperation. If they can’t agitate the universe and play at ball with hemispheres, they’ll make mountains of warfare and vexation out of domestic molehills; and social storms in household teacups. Forbid them to hold forth upon the freedom of nations and the wrongs of mankind, and they’ll quarrel with Mrs Jones about the shape of a mantle or the character of a small maid-servant. To call them the weaker sex is to utter a hideous mockery. They are the stronger sex, the nosier, the more persevering, the most self-assertive sex.
Robert Aickman, Ringing the Changes, Dark Entries|At heart, women are creatures of darkness all the time.
Emma Watson|I want to be a Renaissance Woman. I want to paint, and I want to write, and I want to act, and I just want to do everything.
Emma Watson|If you want to run for Prime Minister, you can. If you don’t, that’s wonderful, too. Shave your armpits, don’t shave them, wear flats one day, heels the next. These things are so irrelevant and surface to what it is all really about, and I wish people wouldn’t get caught up in that. We want to empower women to do exactly what they want, to be true to themselves, to have the opportunities to develop.
Sady Doyle, Trainwreck: The Women We Love to Hate, Mock, and Fear... and Why|Good-girl-gone-queer Lindsay Lohan, divorced single mother Britney Spears, Caitlyn Jenner with her sultry poses, Kim Kardashian having the gall to show up on the cover of Vogue with her black husband: All of them are tied to the tracks and gleefully run over, less for what they've done than for the threat they pose to the idea that female sexuality fits within a familiar and safe pattern. If control over women's bodies were the sole point of the trainwreck, that would be terrifying enough. But it's only the beginning: Shame and fear are used to police pretty much every aspect of being female. After you've told someone what to do with her body, you need to tell her what to do with her mind.
Han Kang, The Vegetarian|As for women who were pretty, intelligent, strikingly sensual, the daughters of rich families—they would only have served to disrupt my carefully ordered existence
Emma Watson|When at 15, my girlfriends started dropping out of their beloved sports teams, because they didn’t want to appear muscle-y, when at 18, my male friends were unable to express their feelings, I decided that I was a feminist.
Olivia Laing, The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone|[of Nan Goldin] In an afterword to Ballad written in 2012, she declared: ‘I decided as a young girl I was going to leave a record of my life and experience that no one could rewrite or deny.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, Venus in Furs|You view love and especially women...as something hostile, something against which you defend yourself, although in vain, something whose power over you, however, you feel as a sweet torment, a prickling cruelty: this is truly a modern attitude.
Himmilicious|I live like a woman and I love like a man. If only,you can deal with it.
Conor Friedersdorf|too many left-wing student groups treat no one as badly as students of color or women who consider themselves to be classical liberals, libertarians, or conservatives, or who merely disagree with the actions of progressive protesters on campus. They’re seen as special kinds of traitors.
Judith Tarr, White Mare's Daughter|If it were left to men, there'd be nothing in the world but mating and squabbling.
Vincent O'Sullivan, The Supernatural Omnibus: Being a Collection of Stories of Apparitions, Witchcraft, Werewolves, Diabolism, Necromancy, Satanism, Divination, Sorcery, Goetry, Voodoo, Possession, Occult, Doom and Destiny|Amid this social intercourse, however, he avoided sedulously a meeting with Mrs. Annice; he had decided not to see her for a while. Indeed, it was not till an evening late in February, after dinner, that he took a cab to her house near Washington Square. He found her at home, and had not waited a minute before she came into the room. She was a tall woman, and wonderfully handsome by gaslight; but she had that tiresome habit, which many women have, of talking intensely--in italics, as it were: a habit found generally in women ill brought up-women without control of their feelings, or command of the expression of them.("The Bargain of Rupert Orange")
Kittredge Cherry, Womansword: What Japanese Words Say about Women|Psychologically, Japanese women depend largely on each other. In their sex-segregated society, they could be criticized for living in a female ghetto, and yet they have what some American feminists are trying to build, a ”women’s culture” with its own customs, values and even language.
Kittredge Cherry, Womansword: What Japanese Words Say about Women|When [Japanese] women encouraged men to bask in public glory, it reminded me of the way you would indulge a child with a sweet-bean treat.
Kittredge Cherry, Womansword: What Japanese Words Say about Women|In direct confrontation, the [Japanese] women might yield like blades of grass -- and spring back just as quickly. One of them compared this flexibility to the Vietcong guerrillas…
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, Venus in Furs|It is merely the egoism of men, who wants to bury a woman like a treasure. All attempts at using vows, contracts, and holy ceremonies have failed to bring permanence into the most changeable aspect of changeable human existence, namely love. Can you deny that our Christina world is rotting?
Zainab Omaki, Side Babies: Contemporary Women In Africa|The chaos of their voices registers as a single, overwhelming force cutting off her ability to reason, and all she wants is to get as far away from people as possible.
Dada Bhagwan|For men, women are their ‘counter weights’ and when that is not enough, their daughters are their ‘counter weights.’ One can’t do without a counter weight. Otherwise, he will fall over.
Anna Kessel, Eat Sweat Play: How Sport Can Change Our Lives|Maybe exercise and sport can be something we do for ourselves. For fun! For Happiness! For clear thinking! Because physical activity should be something integral to our being alive. And it is the essential part that really concerns us here, not the bit about how many millimetres it might shave off your inside thigh measurements.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some women would not cheat, and some would not have cheated, had they each married a man whom they love … or at least like.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Does that new man in your life call his ex "a slut", "a whore", "a bitch", "psycho" , "crazy", "a nutter" etc etc. Chances are, whatever he's calling his ex right now, he'll be calling you when things don't go his way. Be warned.
J. Richard Singleton|If there's one thing I know about women, it's that they have vaginas.
Neil Strauss, The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships|…each woman is a wonderful world unto herself. And monogamy? It’s like choosing to live in a single town and never traveling to experience the beauty, history, and enchantment of all the other unique, wonderful places in the world. Why does love have to limit us?	Perhaps it doesn’t. Only fear is restrictive. Love is expansive. And I wonder, since fear of enmeshment impels us to avoid commitment and fear of abandonment makes us possessive, what type of evolved relationship can emerge once those wounds are healed?
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|The whole truth?" Miss Bart laughed. "What is the truth? Where a woman is concerned, it's the story that's easiest to believe. In this case it's a great deal easier to believe Bertha Dorset's story than mine, because she has a big house and an opera box, and it's convenient to be on good terms with her
Marcel Schwob, The Book of Monelle|Do not be surprised,' she said. 'It is I, and it is not I; You shall find me again, and you shall lose me; Once more shall I come among you; for few men have seen me, and none has understood me; And you shall forget me, and you shall recognize me, and you shall forget me.
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Chronology of Water|Leslie Marmon Silko whispers the story is long. No, longer. Longer than that even. Longer than anything. With Anne Sexton and Sylvia Plath drink at the bar. Laugh the dark laughter in the dark light. Sing a dark drunken song of men. Make a slurry toast. Rock back and forth, and drink the dark, and bask in the wallow of women knowing what women know. Just for a night. When you need to feel the ground of your life and the heart of the world, there will be a bonfire at the edge of a canyon under a night sky where Joy Harjo will sing your bonesong. Go ahead-with Anne Carson - rebuild the wreckage of a life a word at a time, ignoring grammar and the forms that keep culture humming. Make word war and have it out and settle it, scattering old meanings like hacked to pieces paper doll confetti. The lines that are left … they are awake and growling. With Virginia Woolf there will perhaps be a long walk in a garden or along a shore, perhaps a walk that will last all day. She will put her arm in yours and gaze out. At your backs will be history. In front of you, just the ordinary day, which is of course your entire life. Like language. The small backs of words. Stretching out horizonless. I am in a midnight blue room. A writing room. With a blood red desk. A room with rituals and sanctuaries. I made it for myself. It took me years. I reach down below my desk and pull up a bottle of scotch. Balvenie. 30 year. I pour myself an amber shot. I drink. Warm lips, throat. I close my eyes. I am not Virginia Woolf. But there is a line of hers that keeps me well: Arrange whatever pieces come your way. I am not alone. Whatever else there was or is, writing is with me.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|In a patriarchal society, one of the most important functions of the institution of the family is to make feel like a somebody whenever he is in his own yard a man who is a nobody whenever he is in his employer’s yard.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|Shevek saw that he had touched in these men an impersonal animosity that went very deep. Apparently they, like the tables on the ship, contained a woman, a suppressed, silenced, bestialized woman, a fury in a cage. He had no right to tease them. They knew no relation but possession. They were possessed.
Philip K. Dick, The Man in the High Castle|And yet now and then he let himself steal a glance at her. Lovely dark colors of her skin, hair, and eyes. We are half-baked compared to them. Allowed out of the kiln before we were fully done. The old aboriginal myth; the truth, there.
Sebastian Junger, Tribe: On Homecoming and Belonging|Women tend to act heroically within their own moral universe, regardless of whether anyone else knows about it - donating more kidneys to nonrelatives than men do, for example. Men, on the other hand, are far more likely to risk their lives at a moment's notice, and that reaction is particularly strong when others are watching, or when they are part of a group.
Charlotte Wood|Neither Boncer nor Teddy comes out of the house, not even to watch from the veranda. Here, laying the dead to rest, like washing and feeding and birth, is women’s work.
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Chronology of Water|But more often there are regular people in the pool. Beautiful women seniors doing water aerobics - mothers and grandmothers and great grandmothers - their massive breasts and guts reminding you how it is that women carry worlds. When I swim by them I watch their legs and bodies underwater, and feel a strange kinship with a maternal lineage.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Becoming a woman felt a bit like becoming famous. For, from being benevolently generally ignored – the base-line existence of most children – a teenage girl is suddenly fascinating to others, and gets bombarded with questions: What size are you? Have you done it yet? Will you have sex with me? Have you got ID? Do you want to try a puff of this? Are you seeing anyone? Have you got protection? What’s your signature style? Can you walk in heels? Who are your heroes? Are you getting a Brazilian? What porn do you like? Do you want to get married? When are you going to have kids? Are you a feminist? Were you just flirting with that man? What do you want to do? WHO ARE YOU?All ridiculous questions to ask of a 13-year-old simply because she now needs a bra. They might as well have been asking my dog. I had absolutely no idea.
Goitsemang Mvula|Many men, One CryOne Woman, a Pleasant Pride.
Tanya R. Liverman, In The Mirror: A Woman's Saga|Using poise is not being fake; it is being professional, strong, and composed.
Tanya R. Liverman, In The Mirror: A Woman's Saga|There is a root to every action, which is really a reaction to what is going on inside of us.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Bitch: In Praise of Difficult Women|I don't think it's really about being bitchy or demanding or cold or calculating: those characteristics, after all, can be attached to most women with even the paltriest of evidence. I think, quite frankly, that the world simply does not care for the complicated girls, the ones who seem too dark, too deep, too vibrant, too opinionated...
Lillian White, The Mill Owner's Son: Ellen's Story|She was shocked when she followed her aunt and cousin down into the city proper. The streets were crawling with people, all hurrying to and fro, mindless of one another. They brushed by with barely even a glance, stepping down into the busy roads between horse drawn buses and draymen’s carts with such confidence, seemingly oblivious that they could be run down at any moment. Children dodged in and out amongst them, ragamuffins all, some barefoot.
Robin Wasserman, Girls on Fire|They wanted their girls to be safe. To do what they had to do to conform, to defer, to survive, to grow up. They wanted their girls never to grow up. Never to stop burning. They wanted their girls to say fuck it, to see through the lies, to know their own strength. They wanted their girls to believe the things could be different this time, and they wanted it to be true.They wondered, sometimes, if they'd made a mistake. If it was dangerous, taming the wild, stealing away the words a girl might use to name her secret self. They wondered at the consequences of teaching a girl she was weak instead of warning her she was strong. They wondered, if knowing was power, what happened to power that refused to know itself; they wondered what happened that couldn't be satisfied, to pain that couldn't be felt, a rage that couldn't be spoken.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks & Essays on the Writer, the Reader & the Imagination|Making female noises, shrieking and squeaking and being shrill, all those things that annoy people with longer vocal cords. Another case where the length of organs seems to be so important to men.
Germaine Greer, Shakespeare's Wife|Until our own time, history focussed on man the achiever; the higher the achiever the more likely it was that the woman who slept in his bed would be judged unworthy of his company. Her husband's fans recoiled from the notion that she might have made a significant contribution towards his achievement of greatness. The possibility that a wife might have been closer to their idol than they could ever be, understood him better than they ever could, could not be entertained.
Djuna Barnes|She was gracious and yet fading, like an old statue in a garden, that symbolizes the weather through which it has endured, and is not so much the work of man as the work of wind and rain and the herd of the seasons, and though formed in men's image is a figure of doom.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|[Women] are superior beings to us men. When they love us, then they are being gracious, for only rarely do we give them reason to love us. I learned that from your mother, and she's right. Sad to say, she's right.
Kate Pullinger, Weird Sister|She had that kind of undeniable femininity that few women achieve, bogged down as we are by other things.
Nova Ren Suma|Maybe, long ago, we used to be good. Maybe all little girls are good in the beginning.
Natalie Angier|More often than not, the ideal breast is an invented breast. Decolletage, the tushy breast, is an artifact of clothing. Naked breasts don't dance cheek to cheek--they turn away from each other. Breasts vary in size and shape to an outlandish degree, but they can be whipped into an impressive conformity, and because we are human and we can't leave anything alone, we have whipped away.
Michelle Franklin|And the matron sighed over the destiny of ladies in good society, whose moral judgement led them to love unabashedly and whose depravity led them to pay for it.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|Look at these magnificent women, I thought, created in such misogynistic and hierarchical societies, yet they are the subversive centers around which the plot is shaped. Everything is supposed to revolve around the male hero. But it is the active presence of these women that changes events and diverts the man's life from its traditional course, that shocks him into changing his very mode of existence. In the classical Iranian narrative, active women dominate the scene; they make things happen.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|Even the mild-mannered Sophia Western of Tom Jones and Richardson's annoyingly pious Clarissa Harlow distinguished themselves by saying no to the authority of their parents, their societies, and norms and demanding to marry the man they chose. Perhaps it was exactly because women were deprived of so much in their real lives that they became so subversive in the realm of fiction, refusing the authority imposed on them, breaking out of old structures, not submitting.
Mary Wilkins Freeman, The Complete Works of Mary Wilkins Freeman|You 'ain't found out yet we're women-folks, Nanny Penn," said she. "You 'ain't seen enough of men-folks yet to. One of these days you'll find it out, an' then you'll know that we know only what men-folks think we do, so far as any use of it goes, an' how we'd ought to reckon men-folks in with Providence an' not complain of what they do any more than we do of the weather.
Ravi Ranjan Goswami, The gold syndicate|The syndicate was successful in including an officer and two other crew members in its plan. Sheikh employed old ways of enticing by wine, women and money to use them.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|I sometimes wonder how powerful are those Fortune 500 CEOs who can can’t even change the way that list looks (leave aside how the world looks). And, I wonder what message do we send to our young girls, in classrooms across the world, who work as hard as our young boys but see only 20 CEOs out of those 500 who look like them.
Frances Hardinge, The Lie Tree|Faith had always told herself that she was not like other ladies. But neither, it seemed, were other ladies.
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|I remember, around age ten, beholding the scene in The Shining in which the hot young woman whom Jack Nicholson is lewdly embracing in the haunted hotel bathroom ages rapidly in his arms, screeching from nubile chick to putrefying corpse within seconds. I understood that the scene was supposed to represent some kind of primal horror. This was The Shining, after all. But the image of that decaying, cackling crone, her arms outstretched in desire toward the man who is backing away, has stayed with me for three decades, as a type of friend. She’s part baths-ghost, part mad-Naomi. She didn’t get the memo about being beyond wanting or being wanted. Or perhaps she just means to scare the shit out of him, which she does.
Emily Giffin, Baby Proof|Why do I need to have reasons? When someone decides to have a baby, people don't go around asking what her reasons are.
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|You’re looking for sexual tidbits as a female child, and the only ones that present themselves depict child rape or other violations (all my favorite books in my preteen years: I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, Clan of the Cave Bear, The World According to Garp, as well as the few R-rated movies I was allowed to see—Fame, most notably, with its indelible scene of Irene Cara being asked to take her shirt off and suck her thumb by a skeezy photographer who promises to make her a star), then your sexuality will form around that fact. There is no control group. I don’t even want to talk about “female sexuality” until there is a control group. And there never will be.
Rebecca Solnit, The Encyclopedia of Trouble and Spaciousness|Women often find great roles in revolution, simply because the rules fall apart and everyone has agency, anyone can act. As they did in Egypt, where liberty leading the masses was an earnest young woman in a black hijab.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|I have become the woman I hardly dared imagine I could be. There are parts I don’t love—until a few years ago, I had no idea that you could have cellulite on your stomach—but not only do I get along with me most of the time now, I am militantly and maternally on my own side. Left to my own devices, would I trade this for firm thighs, fewer wrinkles, a better memory? You bet I would. That is why it’s such a blessing that I’m not left to my own devices.
Margaret Brownley, A Vision of Lucy|When posing for a photograph, spinsters should avoid looking desperate or deprived. A serene smile will show that your circumstances are by choice and not for lack of beauty or character. -Miss Gertrude Hasslebrink, 1878
F.W. Boreham, The Luggage of Life|The Old Testament records the sage words of an old woman in addressing two younger ones: 'The Lord grant', said Naomi, 'that ye may find rest, each of you, in the house of her husband!' Who ever heard of a woman finding rest in the house of her husband? And yet, and yet ! The restless hearts are not the hearts of wives and of mothers, as many a lonely woman knows. There is no more crushing load than the load of a loveless life. It is a burden that is often beautifully and graciously borne, but its weight is a very real one. The mother may have a bent form, a furrowed brow, and worn, thin hands ; but her heart found its rest for all that. Naomi was an old woman; she knew the world very well, and her words are worth weighing. Heavy luggage is Christ's strange cure for weary hearts.
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|Miss Betsy is looking at me. Some jealousy sure, but every woman have that in them
Susanna Sonnenberg, She Matters: A Life in Friendships|There is nothing that anyone can get past a forty-five-year-old woman.” We laugh hard, the first honest sound I make that afternoon, or in many days, each of us feeling the ravages of experience, our debt to enduring. We are not to be fucked with. We rule. Even as we age and help our children push past us, as we worry about the estimate for the roof, forget things we meant to do, regard our widening bodies, we rule. We’ve returned again and again to our original selves for another look; we have refined our purpose. Changes we thought we’d been resisting have anyway been wrought, and they have made us unbreakable.
Shari Graydon, I Feel Great About My Hands: And Other Unexpected Joys of Aging|We need an army of white-haired, wild-eyed radicals cutting a swath against the sexism that crosses our paths. It is a good antidote to the larger community’s apparent belief that older women are slightly dotty, grandmotherly, benign souls.
Jennifer Donnelly, These Shallow Graves|Headstrong is just a word, Katie - a word others call you when you don't do what they want.
Habeeb Akande|Getting married is easy, having sex is easier, but findings someone who can stimulate your mind and make love to your soul, that is rare.
George R.R. Martin, A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms|All men are fools, and all men are knights where women are concerned.
Pam Brown|When sisters stand shoulder to shoulder, who stands a chance against us?
Keri Hulme|She has this curious heavy grace, like something out of its element making do in a heavier medium. Like she should be living in water.
Priscilla Shirer|Ministry is when the people who hear you, don't want more of you; they want more of Him because of what you've said. When you point them to God's fire instead of trying to get attention for yourself-that's ministry.
Miranda Kerr|A rose can never be a sunflower, and a sunflower can never be a rose. All flowers are beautiful in their own way, and that's like women too.
Kailin Gow|Try being an indie author, a minority author, a woman, and a person with health issues in the world of traditional - that's where you are clearly 'different' and marginalized. I am all of that, yet I am still here and smiling. Life is good!
P.G. Wodehouse|She ignored my observation. This generally happens with me. Show me a woman, I sometimes say, and I will show you someone who is going to ignore my observations.
Sanhita Baruah|the girl with a moustache" they called me every now and then"It's about time you wax your arms" those who "cared" saidI faced the fears of the dreaded thread on my faceTo succumb every other week to the world's ways
Matt K. Turner, GENESIS|Ever wanted more. After all, women weren’t equal to men. They were better. Certainly not in strength or their skill in killing things, but when it came to propagation women absolutely trounced men. Men could bring some chips to the party, but that shindig was always going down in the belly of a woman. And considering that the hardest part of gathering food now was finding a parking spot, strength and killing things were significantly less high on the list of key survival traits.
Biju Karakkonam Nature and Wild life Photographer|Morning is sweet and always like a beautiful women, evening always shines like a man.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Stop making someone else's looks your "#goals". By all means aspire to be a better version of your current self, but don't glorify others when you yourself are glorious.
Ahimsa Murfi|There’s something painfully beautiful about a woman who loves without condition. Heart filled with cracks from mistrust and disappointment and yet she loves as if her heart knows nothing of betrayal. For the strength and faith she holds, in spite reasons not to hold, she deserves love. But fu** it, she finds love within herself.
Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies|For you know that any evil spoken of women so generally only hurts those who say it, not women themselves.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Solitude of Self|Whatever the theories may be of woman’s dependence on man, in the supreme moments of her life he can not bear her burdens. Alone she goes to the gates of death to give life to every man that is born into the world. No one can share her fears, no one can mitigate her pangs; and if her sorrow is greater than she can bear, alone she passes beyond the gates into the vast unknown.
Emma Goldman|I did not believe that a Cause which stood for a beautiful ideal, for anarchism, for release and freedom from convention and prejudice, should demand the denial of life and joy. I insisted that our Cause could not expect me to become a nun and that the movement would not be turned into a cloister. If it meant that, I did not want it. "I want freedom, the right to self-expression, everybody's right to beautiful, radiant things." Anarchism meant that to me, and I would live it in spite of the whole world — prisons, persecution, everything. Yes, even in spite of the condemnation of my own closest comrades I would live my beautiful ideal.
Ahimsa Murfi|Dear men, I’ll make it clear to you. Those who tell you that ‘true love’ is never giving up someone you are in love with are insecure and competitive. Their description on love is based on their needs. Selfish needs. While women who are confident, their spirits fulfilled by themselves know that a 'good bye’ doesn’t mean they never loved you. They realizes that letting you go is what God needs them to do, because both happiness: yours and your lover require taking different journey for spiritual growth. These kind of women show you what 'real love’ is. And you don’t want to catch them still? Win a battle for them? Even after what you have learnt? For God’s sake, these women have endured much. For battles she fight alone, they deserve LOVE.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|... motherhood is a game you must enter with as much energy, willingness, and happiness as possible.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 2nd Movement|Daydreams of wealth or women must have given Carolo that faraway look which never left him; sad and silent, he contemplated huge bank balances and voluptuous revels.
Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit|There is something magical and transformational about saying “yes” to God. When you take His hand, step out of that boat (your ordinary, comfortable life), and be brave. Instead of spending your lifetime living in fear and playing it safe, you boldly walk in obedience. God makes you brave.
Moosa Rahat|Only beards can't make you count as a man, you need to have respect for women in your heart for that.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Old or young, light or dark, full or frail, every woman has qualities that make her beautiful.
Louisa May Alcott|I rather miss my wild girl; but if I get a strong, helpful, tender-hearted woman in her place, I shall feel quite satisfied.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|It makes you love vividly, work intensely, and realize that, in the scheme of things, you really don't have time to sit on the sofa in your undies watching Homes Under the Hammer.
Caitlin Moran|The aphorism "If you want something done, ask a busy woman" is in direct acknowledgment of the efficiency boot camp parenthood puts you through.
Zadie Smith|And it's time people told the truth about beautiful women. They do not shimmer down staircases. They do not descend, as was once supposed, from on high, attached to nothing other than wings.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Solitude of Self|We ask no sympathy from others in the anxiety and agony of a  broken friendship or shattered love. When death sunders our nearest  ties, alone we sit in the shadow of our affliction. Alike mid the greatest  triumphs and darkest tragedies of life we walk alone. On the divine  heights of human attainments, eulogized and worshiped as a hero or  saint, we stand alone. In ignorance, poverty, and vice, as a pauper or criminal, alone we starve or steal; alone we suffer the sneers and rebuffs of our fellows; alone we are hunted and hounded through dark courts and alleys, in by-ways and highways; alone we stand in the judgment seat; alone in the prison cell we lament our crimes and misfortunes; alone we expiate them on the gallows. In hours like these we realize the awful solitude of individual life, its pains, its penalties, its responsibilities; hours in which the youngest and most helpless are thrown on their own resources for guidance and consolation. Seeing then that life must ever be a march and a battle, that each soldier must be equipped for his own protection, it is the height of cruelty to rob the individual of a single natural right.
Aliya Whiteley, The Beauty|My name is Nathan, just twenty-three and given to the curation of stories. I listen, retain, then polish and release them over the fire at night, when the others hush and lean forward in their desire to hear of the past. They crave romance, particularly when autumn sets in and cold nights await them, and so I speak of Alice, and Bethany, and Sarah, and Val, and other dead women who all once had lustrous hair and never a bad word on their plump lips. I can remember this is not how they were; I knew them, I knew them! Only six years have passed and yet I mythologize them as if it is six thousand. I am not culpable. Language is changing, like the earth, like the sea. We live in lonely, fateful flux, outnumbered and outgrown.
Benito Pérez Galdós|The passion of the collector when confronted with a rare item, the enthusiasm of a hunter who sees a fine, handsome beast, can give us no idea of the tremendous love of clothes in some women.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Solitude of Self|How the little courtesies of life on the surface of society, deemed so important from man towards woman, fade into utter insignificance in view of the deeper tragedies in which she must play her part alone, where no human aid is possible.
Eva Scoutt, The Intern|We are beautiful, but we are not weak, that old Geisha told her. Men should see us like supernatural beings. Everything is so open now. Women shave their legs in front of men, they eat with their mouth full, they drink side by side with them, they get drunk, they loose the whole essence of femininity. Being a work of art is painful, but nobody said it would be easy. To create and recreate yourself every single moment of your life, that takes commitment, passion, energy and faith.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, The Woman's Bible|We ask no sympathy from others in the anxiety and agony of a  broken friendship or shattered love. When death sunders our nearest  ties, alone we sit in the shadow of our affliction. Alike mid the greatest  triumphs and darkest tragedies of life we walk alone. On the divine  heights of human attainments, eulogized and worshiped as a hero or  saint, we stand alone. In ignorance, poverty, and vice, as a pauper or  criminal, alone we starve or steal; alone we suffer the sneers and rebuffs of our fellows; alone we are hunted and hounded through dark courts and alleys, in by-ways and highways; alone we stand in the judgment  seat; alone in the prison cell we lament our crimes and misfortunes; alone we expiate them on the gallows. In hours like these we realize the  awful solitude of individual life, its pains, its penalties, its responsibilities; hours in which the youngest and most helpless are thrown on their own resources for guidance and consolation. Seeing then that life must ever be a march and a battle, that each soldier must be equipped for his own protection, it is the height of cruelty to rob the individual of a single natural right.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|If we push hard now, this next wave can be the last wave. In the future, there will be no female leaders. There will just be leaders
Maya Angelou|To describe my mother would be to write about a hurricane in its perfect power. Or the climbing, falling colors of a rainbow.
Lindsay  Smith, A Tyranny of Petticoats|I think all women should be able to make it on their own,” Frankie said. “It’s not about needing a manor not — it just means she knows she can do whatever she sets out to do.
Emmeline Pankhurst, My Own Story|It is obvious to you that the struggle will be an unequal one, but I shall make it - I shall make it as long as I have an ounce of strength left in me, or any life left in me.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|Ladies, you have a ton of power if you just understand the fundamental differences between men and women and unaffectedly play by the rules.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|There will be a time when love is beautiful and passionate and nothing else will exist but you and the person you love, and a time when love hurts so badly that you will wish you wouldn't wake up. I say this. Always, always, always approach love with the heart of the angel you were born with.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|To love without ownership, to love with total trust and faith in that very love, to love with the same faith you have that your heart will keep beating moments from now, that is the ultimate love.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|Life is surreal. When you step back and really take a look at it, the irony is absolute.
Sofia Samatar, The Winged Histories|All bleed who fight with the sword. All confront, with greater or lesser difficulty, the worship of their own flesh. The swordmaiden faces particular obstacles in this matter: she will have seen, in the temples and elsewhere, many images of unscarred women.
Voltaire, Candide|If they're from the village, you take them to the inn. If they're from the city, you treat them with respect when they are beautiful and throw them on the highway when they are dead.
Halldór Laxness, The Atom Station|Immoral women do not exist", said the organist. "That this only a superstition. On the other hand there exist women who sleep thirty times with one man, and women who sleep once with thirty men.
Raymond Chandler, Nevada-Gas|I like games of chance, including women.
Charles Bukowski|Education was the new god, and educated men the new plantation masters.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Men love pleasure, but women wish for purposeful promise.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|In all our discussions and speculations we had always unconsciously assumed that the women, whatever else they might be, would be young. Most men do think that way, I fancy. "Woman" in the abstract is young, and, we assume, charming. As they get older they pass off the stage, somehow, into private ownership mostly, or out of it altogether. But these good ladies were very much on the stage, and yet any one of them might have been a grandmother. We looked for nervousness—there was none. For terror, perhaps—there was none. For uneasiness, for curiosity, for excitement—and all we saw was what might have been a vigilance committee of women doctors, as cool as cucumbers, and evidently meaning to take us to task for being there.
Helen Oyeyemi, What is Not Yours is Not Yours|With boys there was a fundamental assumption that they had a right to be there — not always, but more often than not. With girls, 'Why her?' came up so quickly.
Delma Pryce, ABOVE AND BEYOND: My Spiritual Journey|A Pheonomenal woman is driven by her divine given POWER: The acronym Power defines her qualities:Poised for successOpportunities are endlessWorks hard to achieve her goalsEnduring strength and vitalityReaps the rewards of her hard workA Phenomenal woman will get out of bed, when the whole world around her is falling apart.
A.D. Posey|Greatness is achieved through kindness, compassion, and love.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 2nd Movement|Women may show some discrimination about whom they sleep with, but they'll marry anybody.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|I am a woman with wings,' I once wrote and will revise these words again. 'I am a woman with wings dancing with other women with wings.' In a voiced community, we all flourish.
Caitlin Moran, Moranifesto|We need a temporary cessation in people having any opinions about any women, ever. I propose a, say, five-year moratorium on having opinions about women, in order to let one generation of girls get from one side of puberty to the other without growing up in a climate where women are constantly being scolded, chivvied, harassed, or subjected to thunderous opinion columns concluding that, yet again, some woman in the public eye has overreached herself and should wind her neck in.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|It's true,' Mathilde said after some time, 'I could breathe fire.'She thought of how Lotto, in later years, had been called the lion. With his dander up, he could roar. He looked leonine too, his carrona of white-shot gold, the fine, sharp cheekbones. He'd leap on stage, offended by some actor flubbing his precious lines, and there he'd pace, sleek and swift with his long lovely body, growling. He could be deadly, fierce, the name was not inapt, but please, Mathilde knew lions. The male lolled beautifully, lazy in the sun. The female, less lovely by miles, was the one who brought back the kill.
Oscar Wilde|Men always want to be a woman's first love, -women want to be a man's last romance.
Mervyn Peake, Gormenghast|His staff had shaken hands with her as though a woman was merely another kind of man. Fools! The seeds of Eve were in this radiant creature. The lullabyes of half a million years throbbed in her throat. Had they no sense of wonder, no reverence, no pride?
M.F. Moonzajer, The Journalist: Attack on the Central Intelligence Agency|If I could find someone who would love me to the extent I do, I would love her to the extent she could never love me.
Shannon L. Alder|Empowered Women 101: Real women don't tell the world or elude to it on Pinterest, Facebook or any other social media platform that they are in an awful relationship. It is disrespectful to the person you say you love. Plus, it is self abusive to yourself. Ask yourself these questions: What if everyone you knew read it? Would your significant other be upset or humiliated? Why are you posting it (pity, anxiety, fear, desperateness, inmaturity)? And why do you want people to know?
Debasish Mridha|A woman is a blissful mother, a wonderful sister, a gorgeous daughter, and a friend with a kind heart who really cares. Wishing you a wonderful International Women’s Day
William Moulton Marston|The truest kindness to any woman is to provide her with an opportunity for self-expression in some constructive field: to work, not at home with cook-stove and scrubbing brush, but outside, independently, in the world of men and affairs.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Anyway, there is an essential difference in gender that isn't politically correct to mention these days. Women are the ones to bear the children after all. They are the ones to nurse. They are the ones, traditionally, who care for the infants. That takes a huge amount of time.'He smiled, waiting for the applause, but something had gone wrong. There was a cold silence from the crowd...'Did you just say that women aren't creative geniuses because they have babies?''No," he said, 'No. Not because. I wouldn't say that. I love women, and not all women have babies. My wife, for one, at least not yet. But listen, we're all given a finite amount of creativity, just like we;re given a finite amount of life, and if a woman continues to spend hers creating actual life and not imaginary life, that's a glorious choice. When a woman has a baby, she's creating so much more than just a world on the page, she's creating life itself, not just a simulacrum. No matter what Shakespeare did, it's so much less than your average illiterate woman of his age who had babies. Those babies were our ancestors, necessary to make everyone here today, and no one could seriously argue that any play is worth a single human wife. I mean the history of the stage supports me here. If women have historically demonstrated less creative genius than men, it's because they're making their creations internal, spending the energies on life itself. It's a kind of bodily genius. You can't tell me that isn't at least as worthy as genius of imagination. I think we can all agree that women are just as good as men, better in many ways. But the reason for the disparity in creation, is because women have turned their creative energies inward not outward.
Tabby Biddle, Find Your Voice: A Woman's Call to Action|When girls see women in leadership roles speaking out for what they believe in, they see it is possible for them, too. Instead of a faraway dream, their aspirations become real, concrete and achievable. Womanhood starts to look more inviting.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|When colleges, both within the Hudson Valley and throughout the country, encouraged women to do little beyond attaining their Mrs. degree in Husbandry, Annandale offered rigorous and prestigious degrees irrespective of gender.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|The nature of living and loving is the act of reciprocity. As women, we are told that to be the guest is to receive. We are told that to be the host is to give. But what if it is the reverse? What if it is the guest who gives to the host and it is the host who receives from the guest each time she sets her table to welcome and feed those she loves? To be the guest and the host simultaneously is to imagine a mutual exchange of gifts predicated on respect and joy. If we could adopt this truth, perhaps we as women would be less likely to become martyrs.
Carolyn Custis James, The Gospel of Ruth: Loving God Enough to Break the Rules|Not every woman has a Boaz in her life. Sometimes the male voices we hear are cautioning us to hold back instead of urging us to serve God wholeheartedly with them. Sometimes the cautioning voices we hear belong to other women. Sometimes those who have the power to facilitate our callings and clear a path for us set up roadblocks instead. Ruth, Naomi, and Boaz remind us powerfully that even in a dark era like the days of the judges, God always has his people and the Blessed Alliance is still alive and well. He is working in our hearts, summoning us to be strong and courageous like Ruth - to embrace and embody his gospel on our 'bit of earth.
Jovan Dučić|Women do not admit to the past, they mourn for past even less. They grab from each moment anything they can reach.
William Moulton Marston|The only hope for civilization is the greater freedom, development and equality of women.
Debasish Mridha|Like nature, women are the creative power behind all of creation.
A.D. Posey|Like a flower, feel yourself rise above and begin to open.
Tanja Taaljard|Women instinctually know how to nourish each other, and just being with each other is restorative
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|When we understand love as the will to nurture our own and another's spiritual growth, it becomes clear that we cannot claim to love if we are hurtful and abusive. Love and abusive cannot coexist. Abuse and neglect are, by definition, the opposites of nurturance and care.
Alexander Chee, The Queen of the Night|The secret to being a rider in the hippodrome wasn't just that you must be agile, or that you must be good with horses, or that you must be strong and steady as the horse careens to the far end of the arena and back with you riding on its back. It was that you must hide inside your costume a little of a killer's heart.The animal will be tender with you, and you with it, but the animal never forgets that when what it wants for survival requires your death, it will become unafraid to kill you. And so you cannot forget this, either.It is, on reflection, good training to be a courtesan. A woman of any kind.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|The best sex and the most satisfying sex are not the same. I have had great sex with men who were intimate terrorists, men who seduce and attract by giving you just what you feel your heart needs then gradually or abruptly withholding it once they have gained your trust. And I have been deeply sexually fulfilled in bonds with loving partners who have had less skill and know-how. Because of sexist socialization, women tend to put sexual satisfaction in its appropriate perspective. We acknowledge its value without allowing it to become the absolute measure of intimate connection. Enlightened women want fulfilling erotic encounters as much as men, but we ultimately prefer erotic satisfaction within a context where there is loving, intimate connection. If men were socialized to desire love as much as they are taught to desire sex, we would see a cultural revolution. As it stands, most men tend to be more concerned about sexual performance and sexual satisfaction than whether they are capable of giving and receiving love.
Ashton Applewhite, This Chair Rocks: A Manifesto Against Ageism|Women not only bear the brunt of the equation of beauty with youth, we perpetuate it—every time we dye our hair to cover the gray or lie about our age, not to mention have plastic surgery to cover the signs of aging.
Tanja Taaljard|It’s because our friendships – female friendships are just a hop to our sisterhood, and sisterhood can be a very powerful force, to give the world … the things that humans desperately need
Mark  Manson|If you think you can kiss her, you probably could have ten minutes ago.
Stephen Jay Gould, I Have Landed: The End of a Beginning in Natural History|Bless all the women of this world who nurture our heritage while too many man rush off to kill for ideals that might now be deeply and personally held, but will often be viewed as repugnant by later generations.
Robert Jordan|They were the sort who berated a man for meddling and chased him away, then berated him again for not being there when he was needed. Not that they would admit he was needed, even then, not them. Raise a hand to help and you were interfering, do nothing and you were an un-trustworthy wastrel.
A.D. Posey|Whatever you do, let it be lovely.
bell hooks|The men in my life have always been the folks who are wary of using the word 'love' lightly. They are wary because they believe women make too much of love. And they know that what we think love means is not always what they believe it means. Our confusion about what we mean when we use the word 'love' is the source of our difficulty in loving. If our society had a commonly held understanding of the meaning of love, the act of loving would not be so mystifying.
Heather Marsh|Women at the top are the ones chosen to be there by men and not eliminated by women, a dual filter that excludes most witches: those with brilliance and originality and those capable of disturbing the status quo.
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|He noticed that he felt calmer now she was here, still in that grey dress with her dowdy hat, the air around her redolent with orchid oil. Perhaps all women in England had this effect. Perhaps they all smelled of flowers and exuded a calm and measured purpose. He couldn’t remember.
Drea Damara, Chasing Vengeance|She better be capable of achieving something of the greatness that a cure for cancer would give the world or as damned good of an assassin as he was. If she possessed none of that, she should at least be the kind of woman with both a personality and face that could make any man question his better judgment. There weren’t enough of those in the world, at least not in the world he knew.
Miles Watson, Cage Life|You have to understand something about girls, Mick. You see 'em in the winner's circle, but you'll never find horseshit on their shoes.
Jerzy Pilch, The Mighty Angel|My tongue thirsty for superiority, maybe even immortality, ruled me. I was ruled by my tongue. I was ruled by women. I was ruled by alcohol.
Shirin Ebadi, Iran Awakening|Under the Iranian code, the worth of a woman’s life equals half of a man’s, a point that often leads to grotesque legal judgments that effectively punish the victims. In this instance, the judge ruled that the ‘blood money’ for the two men was worth more than the life of the murdered nine-year-old girl, and he demanded that her family come up with thousands of dollars to finance their executions.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|Men know that most women want to have an emotional connection with someone before they sleep with them. Men know that a lot of women think it's romantic to be friends first, and then the friendship blossoms into a relationship. Men know that they have to jump through all these hoops first, before they can get laid. And that's really all romance and courtship is to a man: hoops he has to jump through to get laid.
EsthersChild, It Takes A Cat|It was come as you are when visiting my blog, CiCI's Garden -otherwise what would be the point? Readers were welcomed to a virtual place where emotions were respected and affirmed, and encouragement was offered to those who longed to know that wounded hearts can heal - even if it takes a lifetime.
Shan Sa, Empress|In our time women can demonstrate prowess in a thousand ways. Long ago the great Princess Sun of Ping fought for her father, the August Sovereign. At her funeral, His Majesty called for the trumpets and drums to be sounded, an honor reserved for men. My dear, from this day you must dress her as a boy. Give her an education worthy of her own determination.
Larry Correia|He'd been told that women were sensitive about such things, as if a scar could somehow ruin their beauty, but scars were just stories told in flesh...
Helen Mirren|I think every woman in our culture is a feminist. They may refuse to articulate it, but if you were to take any woman back forty years and say, 'Is this a world you want to live in?' they would say, 'No.
Toni Sorenson|If you could see into a woman’s heart you’d be shocked at the cracks and chasms of self-doubt, fear, and pain it holds. It’s a wreck and yet it manages to love like it’s never been broken.
Toni Sorenson|Every woman is born with her own sense of style and idea of beauty. To stifle that is a sin as great as snuffing out a blossoming bud, a one-of-a-kind flower will never bloom again.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To create a just world for women, we must firstly teach men to be just!
Adhish Mazumder|There is a noticeable symphony being played around the world today. That symphony speaks of the independent, unorthodox, proud women. Yes, it is the International Women's Day! It is the day to celebrate the women in your life.In my life I have never believed in a particular day to celebrate women though, but a date is necessary rather customary to remind you of their contributions in your life lest you forget it.So here's wishing all those strong women who competed in a man's world, defeating them and breaking the taboos to earn the place which was rightfully theirs from the start but usurped in the past by manly morals and ego, a very- HAPPY INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S DAY!
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|There is nothing wrong with being on the bottom once in awhile, but don’t stay there, women! New positions will give you new perspective, and new perspective will give you new experiences, and new experiences will give you a meaningful life.
Toni Sorenson|What is a strong woman? One whose very embrace can weaken the knees and soften the heart of the one she embraces, not by force, but by love which is the strongest force of all.
Toni Sorenson|A wise woman invests her time and doesn’t squander it in gossip, judgment or idleness. She knows every moment gone is one that she will not get back.
Thomas Browne, Religio Medici; And Other Writings|It is the common wonder of all men, how, among so many million faces, there should be none alike.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|A woman sees a problem and sets about solving it, not analyzing it.
Toni Sorenson|Intuition is a woman’s gift that comes packaged in responsibility. If we don’t change the world for good, who will?
Neil Strauss, The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships|Many women think that if they put out too quickly, their partner won't respect them. This is not the case. It's not about waiting for a certain quantity of time before having sex, it's about waiting for a certain quality of connection.
Audre Lorde, Zami: A New Spelling of My Name|Every woman I have ever loved has left her print upon me, where I loved some invaluable piece of myself apart from me-so different that I had to stretch and grow in order to recognize her. And in that growing, we came to separation, that place where work begins.
Louise Erdrich, The Painted Drum|To join the company of women, to be adults, we go through a period of proudly boasting of having survived our own mother's indifference, anger, overpowering love, the burden of her pain, her tendency to drink or teetotal, her warmth or coldness, praise or criticism, sexual confusions or embarrassing clarity. It isn't enough that she sweat, labored, bore her daughters howling or under total anesthesia or both. No. She must be responsible for our psychic weaknesses the rest of her life. It is alright to feel kinship with your father, to forgive. We all know that. But your mother is held to a standard so exacting that it has no principles. She simply must be to blame.
Neil Strauss, The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships|The women you've slept with, the ones you never did but primed for a future encounter, the ones who seemed interested but then suddenly stopped texting: Unless you do something horribly wrong, they never completely disappear. A lonely night, a cheating boyfriend, a sudden breakup, an attack of low self-esteem, an attack of high self-esteem—anything can, out of the blue, send them scrolling through their address book looking for validation, for security, for conversation, for adoration, for the fantasy of you filling some empty space in her life.
Jack Weatherford|Khatun (queen) is one of the most authoritative and magnificent words in the Mongolian language. It conveys regality, stateliness, and great strength. If something resists breaking no matter how much pressure is applied, it is described as khatun. The word can form part of a boy’s or girl’s names, signifying power and firmness combined with beauty and grace. Because of the admitted qualities of khatun, men have often borne names such as Khatun Temur, literally ‘Queen Iron’, and Khatun Baatar, 'Queen Hero’.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|When guys try to get a good job and make a lot of money, it's so that they can find a good mate, because they know women like guys with money. Big tits are to men, what big wallets are to women. A sexy woman can have almost any man she wants. And a rich guy can have almost any woman he wants.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|We want to look desirable. We want others to want to mate with us. No different than a colorful peacock. When girls dress up for their night out at the club, they are doing what all animals do when they try to make themselves desirable for a potential mate. That's the whole point behind the fashion, perfume, cosmetics, diet, and plastic surgery industries.
M.C. Beaton, Death of a Scriptwriter|Husbands are always angry, that's their nature.And the nature of us women,is not to pay a blind bit of notice.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Jane, will you marry me?""Yes sir.""A poor blind man, whom you will have to lead about by the hand?""Yes, sir.""A crippled man, twenty years older older than you, whom you will have to wait on?""Yes, sir.""Truly, Jane?""Most truly, sir.
Hazel V. Carby, Reconstructing Womanhood: The Emergence of the Afro-American Woman Novelist|The objective of stereotypes is not to reflect or represent a reality but to function as a disguise, or mystification, of objective social relations.
Abigail Tarttelin|#ToTheGirls2016 Value yourself, your voice, your body, your opinions, your dreams, your pride, your ego. You have a RIGHT to take up space.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|There are only 24 hours in a day. The average man has to sleep about 8 hours. And work for 8 hours. That leaves 8 hours to run some errands, drive to and from work, eat, and have some spare time. And in that little bit of spare time, a man has to figure out how to get the one thing he likes more than anything else: sex.So when a man has to choose whether or not he will hang out with a female and spend any time, money or attention on her, the question of whether the resources he spent will result in sex plays a very big factor. If your male "friend" chooses to spend his time and money on you, it's because he thinks there is a chance it might pay off in sex at some point. If he hangs out with you instead of with some other female, it's because he thinks you are his best bet to getting sex.The more likely there will be sex, the more willing he is to spend his little bit of free time with you. If he thinks his chances of having sex are higher with a different female, he will spent more time, money and attention on her. That's just common sense, and using his limited resources wisely.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|Some people will say, “Oh, but women have the real power, bottom power.” And for non-Nigerians, “bottom power” is an expression in which I suppose means something like a woman who uses her sexuality to get favors from men. But “bottom power” is not power at all. Bottom power means that a woman simply has a good root to tap into, from time to time, somebody else’s power. And then of course we have to wonder when that somebody else is in a bad mood, or sick, or impotent.
Shan Sa, Empress|Men's freedom is their unfaithfulness: the Son of Heaven or the son of a peasant, they could both reduce me to the mediocre torments of a woman.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Invest in people, invest in profits|It doesn't matter to me that my leaving will cost you money. It doesn't matter that my space will take time to fill. What matters is that I'm happy and if you're not willing to invest in me, then I'm willing to cost you money.
Roy Bourgeois|It is important to note that when Mary Magdalene and other women were chosen by Jesus to bring the important news to the men, the men did not believe the women. Today 2,000 years later men still don't believe women when they say "We are also chosen by Jesus to be leaders in the church.
Michelle Franklin|Women always think in the catastrophic, and when there is a calamity to rectify that might require a unmarried granddaughter, there older women will always act. Their powers of foresight and vigilance might make any disheveled or nubile young haggage ready for the altar in five minutes.
Jennifer Garner|Can we just stop pretending that skinny jeans are a good look on anyone? Can we just band together and go for a boot cut, please? Ladies?
Lena Dunham|Women saying, 'I'm not a feminist' is my greatest pet peeve. Do you believe that women should be paid the same for doing the same jobs? Do you believe that women should be allowed to leave the house? Do you think that women and men both deserve equal rights? Great, then you're a feminist.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|Men feel about sex the way vampires feel about blood. They don't just like it, they crave it. That's why vampire stories always have strong sexual undercurrents. A vampire's hunger is simply a metaphor for a man's lust. And if a guy is paying attention to you, he wants to have sex with you.
Helen Humphreys, Leaving Earth|Who? Mr. Dalton has his hand firmly on Grace's elbow, as though she can't manoeuvre herself through the blockade of tables and chairs.She could fly right through you, thinks Jack.
A.D. Posey|When a writer's heart is filled with the music of her soul, her words sing.
Shannon L. Alder|Beauty fades and the body becomes old, but nothing can dull the shine of a woman with a good heart.
Stephanie Lahart|I am RESILIENT, therefore, I am unstoppable. It’s important to always remember who YOU are. No matter what challenges you may have to face, ALWAYS stay true to yourself and NEVER give up. Never!
Adrienne Rich, Of Woman Born: Motherhood as Experience and Institution|All human life on the planet is born of woman. The one unifying, incontrovertible experience shared by all women and men is that months-long period we spent unfolding inside a woman’s body. Because young humans remain dependent upon nurture for a much longer period than other mammals, and because of the division of labor long established in human groups, where women not only bear and suckle but are assigned almost total responsibility for children, most of us first know both love and disappointment, power and tenderness, in the person of a woman.
Joyce Carol Oates, Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang|Legs was always proud even before FOXFIRE, that’s the primary fact about Legs Sadovsky: pride.
Naomi Levy, To Begin Again: The Journey Toward Comfort, Strength, and Faith in Difficult Times|The women looked from one to the other, knowing what the men didn’t know. We knew the heartbeat and interior graces, compensation for our own clumsiness; the beatitude as we renounced our bodies, our noble little parasites the higher calling. We knew, without saying, the watery rollover, tremor, seismic shudders, the steadiness of the baby’s hiccups, the reliable stab from a kick to the kidney
Dave Sim|Women, he would say, are not Muses. Muses are Muses. To confuse one with the other is to mistake the Devouring Void for the Seminal Light. Earthly Women and the Muses are ancient, sworn enemies. The battlefield is the Creative Male. On the one side is the encampment of Discordia, of Diana, of Venus located in his Heart and in his Groin. On the other is the Bastion of Calliope, Clio, Erato, Euterpe, Melpomene, Polyhymnia, Terpsichore, Thalia and Urania, in his Brain and in his Mind. The Muses are tolerant and understanding of border raids, skirmishes, and harassing maneuvers. Throughout the history of the Male Light, there have been few painters, few writers, who have not had a She Who Must Be Accommodated. For some it was their mothers. For many their wives, their mistresses, their girlfriends. For many it was their daughters, a favourite waitress, a stripper, a whore. To the Muses, they are all one. Mother, whore, wife, daughter, stripper, waitress, mistress, girlfriend.
Christina Lauren, Sweet Filthy Boy|He closes the door with a determined click, and I hear him call to a flight attendant, and I sink down onto the toilet seat, resting my elbows on my knees and my head in my hands as I listen to him through the
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|At first, feminists were assumed to be only discontented suburban housewives; then a small bunch of women's "libbers", bra burners, and radicals; then women on welfare; then briefcase carrying imitations of male executives; then unfulfilled women who forgot to have children; then women voters...that really could decide elections. That last was too dangerous, so suddenly we were told we were in a "postfeminist" age...
Graham Greene, England Made Me|He disapproved, he didn't believe in girls drinking, he was full of the conventions of a generation older than himself. Of course one drank oneself, one fornicated, but one didn't lie with a friend's sister, and 'decent' girls were never squiffy.
Joyce Carol Oates, Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang|... because the Legs wasn't fearful of heights or swimming in rough water or Death itself she wasn't afraid to risk making a fool of herself. Maybe you think that's something of no consequence but it isn't - for making a fool of yourself, offering yourself to others to laugh at, to jeer, that takes guts.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|It's futile to point the finger of condemnation and say, "Men... this" or "Women... that". Truth is, we are all guilty and innocent of many of life's trials.
Stephanie Lahart|Respect, Love, and Value yourself. Always remember to be good to yourself by taking care of yourself. Make yourself a priority and know that it’s okay. Don’t feel guilty for loving yourself, first! You’re just as important as anybody else.
ELW-Reta Barnes|The closer you get to know someone, the more you see their true colors.
Anne Brontë|This rose is not so fragrant as a summer flower, but it has stood through hardships none of them could bear: the cold rain of winter has sufficed to nourish it, and its faint sun to warm it; the bleak winds have not blanched it, or broken its stem, and the keen frost has not blighted it. Look, Gilbert, it is still fresh and blooming as a flower can be, with the cold snow even now on its petals.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|There are women who have forgotten that to be a woman doesn't simply mean humiliation, doesn't simply mean bitterness. I haven't forgotten it yet...I'm not going to forget it.
M.F. Moonzajer|Religion serves all of us; men, women, gays, straights, blacks, whites, Americans and Indians. If it does not comply with our needs, wishes and happiness, then religion without a doubt is a plague that must be stopped.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|his wife might, I verily believe, be the very happiest woman the sun shines on
Vernita Naylor, Get the Cheese, Avoid the Traps: : An Interactive Guide to Government Contracting|As a business owner don't think your limitations, think business; it's all about business.
Melissa Seligman, The Day After He Left for Iraq: A Story of Love, Family, and Reunion|I hate myself that I wasn't there for him. I hate that I could not feel it in him. How could I not know what had happened? How could I not hear it in his voice, his comments, or in his demeanor? He needed my help, and I couldn't feel it.
William Ritter, Beastly Bones|But trust me, men are never worth it. Behind every great man is a woman who gave up on greatness and tied herself into an apron. Romance is for saps, Abbie. You’re sharp and you’ve got pluck. Don’t waste it.
Shannon L. Alder|Never believe someone cares for you because of other people's reactions. Sometimes you have to drown out the noise from the crowd, in order to figure out if there is a song playing between the two of you or simply annoying static that you thought was a tune.
Liane Moriarty, Big Little Lies|Something snapped," said Madeline. She saw Perry's hand shining back in its graceful, practiced arc. She heard Bonnie's guttural voice. It occurred to her that there were so many levels of evil in the world. Small evils like her own malicious words. Like not inviting a child to a party. Bigger evils like walking out on your wife and newborn baby or sleeping with your child's nanny. And then there was the sort of evil which Madeline had no experience: cruelty in hotel rooms and violence in suburban homes and little girls sold like merchandise, shattering innocent hearts.
Gillian Flynn, Sharp Objects|Sometimes I think illness sits inside every woman, waiting for the right moment to bloom. I have known so many sick women all my life. Women with chronic pain, with ever-gestating diseases. Women with conditions. Men, sure, they have bone snaps, they have backaches, they have a surgery or two, yank out a tonsil, insert a shiny plastic hip. Women get consumed. Not surprising, considering the sheer amount of traffic a woman’s body experiences. Tampons and speculums. Cocks, fingers, vibrators and more, between the legs, from behind, in the mouth. Men love to put things inside women, don’t they?
Amelia Boynton Robinson|Remember, this is your day and your world.
Amelia Boynton Robinson|I can never do justice to the great feeling of amazement and encouragement I felt when, perhaps for the first time in American history, white citizens of a Southern state banded together to come to Selma and show their indignation about the injustices against the African-Americans.
Elena Ferrante, Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay|You’re really a good girl, poor you.
Élisabeth Badinter, The Conflict: How Modern Motherhood Undermines the Status of Women|Childless people are always expected to explain themselves, although it would never occur to anyone to ask a woman why she became a mother (and to insist on getting good reasons)
James Franco, Straight James/Gay James|The man is angry, the manIs destructive, the man wants more.The woman is more, the woman is all.
Karen Maitland, Company of Liars|My brave husband came back from fighting the Turks and brought me a robe of silk and a necklace of human teeth. He sat up at night by his hearth telling tales of battle. Apparently the Turks are ten times more ferocious and fearless than the Scots. 'Perhaps we should invite them here to drive the Scots back,' I suggested, and he laughed, but he didn't kiss me. That's when I learned the truth about scars. A man with a battle scar is a veteran, a hero, given an honoured place at the fire. Small boys gaze up fascinated, dreaming of winning such badges of courage. Maids caress his thighs with their buttocks as they bend over to mull his ale. Women cluck and cosset, and if in time other men grow a little weary of that tale of honour, then they call for his cup to be filled again and again until he is fuddled and dozes quietly in the warmth of the embers. But a scarred woman is not encouraged to tell her story. Boys jeer and mothers cross themselves. Pregnant women will not come close for fear that if they look upon such a sight, the infant in their belly will be marked. You've heard of the tales of Beauty and the Beast no doubt. How a fair maid falls in love with a monster and sees the beauty of his soul beneath the hideous visage. But you've never heard the tale of the handsome man falling for the monstrous woman and finding joy in her love, because it doesn't happen, not even in fairytales. The truth is that the scarred woman's husband buys her a good thick veil and enquires about nunneries for the good of her health. He spends his days with his falcons and his nights instructing pageboys in their duties. For if nothing else, the wars taught him how to be a diligent master to such pretty lads.
Violet Blue, The Smart Girl's Guide to Privacy|Women have become trained to be lone soldiers online, knowing that to send up a signal flare for help is more likely to attract enemies than allies.
Nitin Yaduvanshi, Absolute Love Letter|If you want to impress a lady, respect her, because respect is an impressive act itself
Amelia Boynton Robinson|Get off of my shoulders. The foundation has been laid, now its time for you to build on it and get to work.
Pippa Goldschmidt, The Need for Better Regulation of Outer Space|But men are funny about their wars, they act as if they own them, and perhaps they do, for I don't think women ever start them.
Siren Waroe|What a major mistake, having rejected pretty much all of the great talented female artists that have lived throughout the ages, art history is left incomplete. The validity of the written art history is as absent as those women left out.
Toni Morrison, Jazz|Black women were armed, black women were dangerous and the less money they had the deadlier the weapon they chose.
Barbara Delinsky, Blueprints|When the truth emerges, it can’t be ignored. Nor will it wait.
2Pac|And since we all came from a woman Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman I wonder why we take from our women Why we rape our women, do we hate our women? I think it's time to kill for our women Time to heal our women, be real to our women And if we don't we'll have a race of babies That will hate the ladies, that make the babies And since a man can't make one He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one So will the real men get up I know you're fed up ladies, but keep your head up
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|I had to revise all my feelings once again. I pulled out the dregs of affection from the glass of misunderstanding to rebuild my faith. I had to reinvent the cause for love, as it were. It was something I had to draw inside me, a real portrait of her, not just the inspiration but the girl as a whole, with all her shortcomings to be able to love her again.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men. There are two powers in the world; one is the sword and the other is the pen. There is a third power stronger than both, that of women.
Juliet Marillier, Tower of Thorns|You are a devious woman, Blackthorn,' she said. 'I prefer the term strategic thinker.
Kate Atkinson, Case Histories|She had one of those husky voices that sounded as if she were permanently coming down with a cold. Men seemed to find that sexy in a woman, which Jackson thought was odd because it made women sound less like women and more like men. Maybe it was a gay thing.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|I think she's too single for me, and she thinks I'm with two other people. She also thinks she thinks, I think.
Frances Wright|[Men] are incomprehensible animals... They walk about boasting of their wisdom, strength, and sovereignty, while they have not sense so much as to swallow an apple with the aid of an Eve to put it down their throats.
Lois Greiman, Unzipped|Honest friends is kinda nice, but it's hard to beat a big-ass lie and a six-pack of brewskies.
Clifton Adams|Annie Taliaferro had that hammerhead look about her, like a breachy range cow, or a bunch-quitting steer.
Lois Greiman, Unzipped|Even choosing the perfect dinner wine loses its earth-shattering importance if your guests happen to be cannibals, and you, the unsuspecting entree.
Jim Fusilli|She shuffled with her head bowed, her dark eyes drifting to avoid contact, and she screamed in bed at night. (Dark City Lights)
Sharon Nir|I was married, a mom, and a career woman—the holy trinity of women in the twenty-first century. The three expressions were truly distinct, but the unity of them created the essence. I must confess I felt in control, much more than I felt blessed.
Rita Dove, On the Bus With Rosa Parks|Since she's discoveredmen would rather drownthan nibble,she does just fine.
Rita Dove, On the Bus With Rosa Parks|Women invented misery, but we don't understand it.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Some people are so much heaven to the square inch that life is simply hell, when she leaves you in order to go south for the winter. (Yes, women are people too, sometimes even threee.)
Patrice Kindl|I was banished from that world forever, I knew. I couldn't go back now. One day soon I would go away from here entirely; I would leave this house, perhaps never to return.I hugged myself, comforting my fear. Very well then, I thought, I will be my own house. I will build myself a house out of my own flesh and bones where my frightened child-self can find shelter. After all, isn't that one of the things that women do? We are houses for our children, shielding them from harm within the stronghold of our bodies, until they are strong enough to breathe and walk alone. So surely I must be able to give myself shelter now.
Tina J. Richardson|I am now a faded image of my former being,I let that persona go.I like myself for who I am and I choose to be, me.
Shannon L. Alder|The moment you have to recruit people to put another person down, in order to convince someone of your value is the day you dishonor your children, your parents and your God. If someone doesn't see your worth the problem is them, not people outside your relationship.
Charles Bukowski, Women|All we do is sleep, and eat and lay around and make love. We're like slugs. Slug-love, I call it.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|DON'T SAY, DODo not say thingsYou think I want to hear.Instead,Say what you sincerely mean,And really intend to do.Do not think you are helping meBy occasionallyBeing here or there,If you really have no intentionOf holding my handAll the way through.Do not say you care for me,If you do not careWhenever I'm clearlyDown and blue.And do not want what's best For you,If you do not wish the bestFor me too.Do not calculate gifts or deedsOr your giving will never feelGenuinely true.Just say what you meanAnd mean what you say, And let's lay these down –  As our love'sGolden rules.
G.K. Chesterton, What's Wrong with the World|It is quite certain that the skirt means female dignity, not female submission; it can be proved by the simplest of all tests. No ruler would deliberately dress up in the recognized fetters of a slave; no judge would would appear covered with broad arrows. But when men wish to be safely impressive, as judges, priests or kings, they do wear skirts, the long, trailing robes of female dignity. The whole world is under petticoat government; for even men wear petticoats when they wish to govern.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Female competition is when you are with a guy you like and you look around, see that you're the prettiest girl in the vicinity and feel a huge sense of relief that there's no one to take the attention away from you. (Female competition is a result of women feeling like their greatest sense of self worth , identity and influence comes from their sexual appeal to men. Many women don't even realise they are feeling this way and it's a subconscious thing, but they notice themselves getting jealous when they see other women who they think men would find sexually appealing.)
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|He would never understand women, he thought. They were life’s great mystery.
Nikki Rowe|Until I find a home in a human, art has my heart.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Abort the thought, save the baby
Steven D. Levitt, Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything|A woman's income appeal is a bell-shaped curve: men do not want to date low-earning women, but once a woman starts earning too much, they seem to be scared off.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|Laura never again came to the drugstore as long as I continued to work there.The next time I saw her, she was a wreck of a woman, notorious around black Roxbury, in and out of jail. She had finished high school, but by then she was already going the wrong way.Defying her grandmother, she had started going out late and drinking liquor.This led to dope, and that to selling herself to men. Learning to hate the men who bought her, she also became a Lesbian. One of the shames I have carried for years is that I blame myself for all of this.To have treated her as I did for a white woman made the blow doubly heavy.The only excuse I can offer is that like so many of my black brothers today, I was just deaf, dumb, and blind.
Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle|it's telling yourself that you want the things that society tells you you should want. women thikn that survival depends on conformity. but for some women, conformity is death. it's a death to the soul. the soul, "she said, "is a precious thing. when you live a lie, you damage the soul.
Nikolai Gogol, The Overcoat and Other Works by Nicolai Gogol|I must confess that I do not understand why things are so arranged, that women seize us by the nose as deftly as they do the handle of a teapot: either their hands are so constructed, or else our noses are good for nothing else.
Jeanne Desy, The Princess Who Stood on Her Own Two Feet|Ah, well,' the Wizard said. 'I gather from all this-I shall make a note-that sometimes one must sacrifice for love.'Mirabelle looked intently at the Wizard. 'On the other hand,' the cat said at last, 'sometimes one must refuse to sacrifice.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|Never ask a woman about other men.Either she'll tell you a lie, and you still won't know, or if she tells you the truth, you might not have wanted to hear it in the first place.
Sue Peters, Wheels of Conflict|Why was it that nine men out of ten thought women were incapable of doing anything but boiling potatoes? she thought furiously, and felt a savage sympathy for members of the Women's Lib movement, which up until now she had always faintly despised.
Alifa Rifaat|Daughter, I’m not crying now because I’m fed up or regret that the Lord created me a woman. No, it’s not that. It’s just that I’m sad about my life and my youth that have come and gone without my knowing how to live them really and truly as a woman.knowing how to live them really and truly as a woman.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Despite what people think based on my opinion writing, I very much like men. They're interesting to me, and I mostly wish they would be better about how they treat women so I wouldn't have to call them out so often.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|For the khan, we will take their cities, their women, and their lands. This is the great raid, the farthest strike in the history of the nation of Genghis. We will not be stopped.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|I especially like eavesdropping on women my age. Besides being titillating, it also helps me gauge where I'm at in comparison.
Rob Siltanen|Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They're not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can't do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
Leo Tolstoy|Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Grief does not change you, Hazel. It reveals you.
Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky|Why do you go away? So that you can come back. So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors. And the people there see you differently, too. Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.
Walt Whitman|Do I contradict myself? Very well, then, I contradict myself; I am large -- I contain multitudes.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|You're always you, and that don't change, and you're always changing, and there's nothing you can do about it.
Mother Teresa|I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|Certain things, they should stay the way they are. You ought to be able to stick them in one of those big glass cases and just leave them alone.
William Jennings Bryan|Destiny is not a matter of chance; it is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Why do you want to shut out of your life any uneasiness, any misery, any depression, since after all you don't know what work these conditions are doing inside you? Why do you want to persecute yourself with the question of where all this is coming from and where it is going? Since you know, after all, that you are in the midst of transitions and you wished for nothing so much as to change. If there is anything unhealthy in your reactions, just bear in mind that sickness is the means by which an organism frees itself from what is alien; so one must simply help it to be sick, to have its whole sickness and to break out with it, since that is the way it gets better.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
Coco Chanel|Fashion changes, but style endures.
Taylor Swift|You can walk away and say "We don't need this." but something in your eyes says "We can beat this.
Andy Warhol, Andy Warhol in His Own Words|When people are ready to, they change. They never do it before then, and sometimes they die before they get around to it. You can't make them change if they don't want to, just like when they do want to, you can't stop them.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Sometimes," Jem said, "our lives can change so fast that the change outpaces our minds and hearts. It's those times, I think, when our lives have altered but we still long for the time before everything was altered-- that is when we feel the greatest pain. I can tell you, though, from experience, you grow accustomed to it. You learn to live your new life, and you can't imagine, or even really remember, how things were before.
Sophocles, Antigone|All men make mistakes, but a good man yields when he knows his course is wrong, and repairs the evil. The only crime is pride.
Shannon L. Alder, 300 Questions to Ask Your Parents Before It's Too Late|Anger, resentment and jealousy doesn't change the heart of others-- it only changes yours.
Sarah Ockler, Fixing Delilah|I was, but then I realized that I was holding on to something that didn't exist anymore. That the person I missed didn't exist anymore. People change. The things we like and dislike change. And we can wish they couldn't all day long but that never works.
Brené Brown|Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity and change.
Bryce Courtenay|Sometimes the slightest things change the directions of our lives, the merest breath of a circumstance, a random moment that connects like a meteorite striking the earth. Lives have swiveled and changed direction on the strength of a chance remark.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|Things changed, people changed, and the world went rolling along right outside the window.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Don't be too quick to draw conclusions from what happens to you; simply let it happen. Otherwise it will be too easy for you to look with blame... at your past, which naturally has a share with everything that now meets you.
Sue Grafton, T is for Trespass|You can’t save others from themselves because those who make a perpetual muddle of their lives don’t appreciate your interfering with the drama they’ve created. They want your poor-sweet-baby sympathy, but they don’t want to change.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|Your hand opens and closes, opens and closes. If it were always a fist or always stretched open, you would be paralysed. Your deepest presence is in every small contracting and expanding, the two as beautifully balanced and coordinated as birds' wings.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|This was when I learned that you have to give up your life as you know it to get a new one: that sometimes you need to let go of everything you're clinging to and start over, whether because you've outgrown it or because it's not working anymore, or because it was wrong for you in the first place.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Change not only was inevitable, but usually brought its own rewards.
Charles R. Swindoll|We cannot change our past... we cannot change the fact that people will act in a certain way. We cannot change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude. I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. And so it is with you... we are in charge of our Attitudes.
Katharine Hepburn|If you want to change attitudes, start with a change in behavior.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|Listen. Slide the weight from your shoulders and move forward. You are afraid you might forget, but you never will. You will forgive and remember.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|To change ourselves effectively, we first had to change our perceptions.
Dan Millman Way of the Peaceful Warrior A Book That Changes Lives|The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
Barack Obama|In the face of impossible odds, people who love this country can change it.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Sure, everything is ending," Jules said, "but not yet.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|We should strive to welcome change and challenges, because they are what help us grow. With out them we grow weak like the Eloi in comfort and security. We need to constantly be challenging ourselves in order to strengthen our character and increase our intelligence. 
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|Oh", she thought, "how horrible it is that people have to grow up-and marry-and change!
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|See if you can catch yourself complaining, in either speech or thought, about a situation you find yourself in, what other people do or say, your surroundings, your life situation, even the weather. To complain is always nonacceptance of what is. It invariably carries an unconscious negative charge. When you complain, you make yourself into a victim. When you speak out, you are in your power. So change the situation by taking action or by speaking out if necessary or possible; leave the situation or accept it. All else is madness.
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|Today I am in control because I want to be. I have my fingers on the switch, but have lived a lifetime ignoring the control I have over my own world. Today is different.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Man is something that shall be overcome.Man is a rope,tied between beast and overman - a rope over an abyss.What is great in man is that he is a bridge and not an end.
Laura J. Burns|The more things change, the more they stay the same. I'm not sure who the first person was who said that. Probably Shakespeare. Or maybe Sting. But at the moment, it's the sentence that best explains my tragic flaw, my inability to change. I don't think I'm alone in this. The more I get to know other people, the more I realize it's kind of everyone's flaw. Staying exactly the same for as long as possible, standing perfectly still... It feels safer somehow. And if you are suffering, at least the pain is familiar. Because if you took that leap of faith, went outside the box, did something unexpected... Who knows what other pain might be out there, waiting for you. Chances are it could be even worse. So you maintain the status quo. Choose the road already traveled and it doesn't seem that bad. Not as far as flaws go. You're not a drug addict. You're not killing anyone... Except maybe yourself a little. When we finally do change, I don't think it happens like an earthquake or an explosion, where all of a sudden we're like this different person. I think it's smaller than that. The kind of thing most people wouldn't even notice unless they looked at us really close. Which, thank God, they never do. But you notice it. Inside you that change feels like a world of difference. And you hope this is it. This is the person you get to be forever... that you'll never have to change again.
John Dryden|We first make our habits, then our habits make us.
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|There are things about ourselves that we need to get rid of; there are things we need to change. But at the same time, we do not need to be too desperate, too ruthless, too combative. Along the way to usefulness and happiness, many of those things will change themselves, and the others can be worked on as we go. The first thing we need to do is recognize and trust our own Inner Nature, and not lose sight of it.
Robin S. Sharma, The Leader Who Had No Title: A Modern Fable on Real Success in Business and in Life|Change is hardest at the beginning, messiest in the middle and best at the end.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|Art isn't only a painting. Art is anything that's creative, passionate, and personal. And great art resonates with the viewer, not only with the creator.What makes someone an artist? I don't think is has anything to do with a paintbrush. There are painters who follow the numbers, or paint billboards, or work in a small village in China, painting reproductions. These folks, while swell people, aren't artists. On the other hand, Charlie Chaplin was an artist, beyond a doubt. So is Jonathan Ive, who designed the iPod. You can be an artists who works with oil paints or marble, sure. But there are artists who work with numbers, business models, and customer conversations. Art is about intent and communication, not substances.An artists is someone who uses bravery, insight, creativity, and boldness to challenge the status quo. And an artists takes it personally.That's why Bob Dylan is an artist, but an anonymous corporate hack who dreams up Pop 40 hits on the other side of the glass is merely a marketer. That's why Tony Hsieh, founder of Zappos, is an artists, while a boiler room of telemarketers is simply a scam.Tom Peters, corporate gadfly and writer, is an artists, even though his readers are businesspeople. He's an artists because he takes a stand, he takes the work personally, and he doesn't care if someone disagrees. His art is part of him, and he feels compelled to share it with you because it's important, not because he expects you to pay him for it.Art is a personal gift that changes the recipient. The medium doesn't matter. The intent does.Art is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Practice is the hardest part of learning, and training is the essence of transformation.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|You can’t crush ideas by suppressing them. You can only crush them by ignoring them. By refusing to think, refusing to change.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|There was a sky somewhere above the tops of the buildings, with stars and a moon and all the things there are in a sky, but they were content to think of the distant street lights as planets and stars. If the lights prevented you from seeing the heavens, then preform a little magic and change reality to fit the need. The street lights were now planets and stars and moon. 
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|It is a law of nature we overlook, that intellectual versatility is the compensation for change, danger, and trouble. An animal perfectly in harmony with its environment is a perfect mechanism. Nature never appeals to intelligence until habit and instinct are useless. There is no intelligence where there is no change and no need of change. Only those animals partake of intelligence that have a huge variety of needs and dangers.
Tess Callahan|All your life you're yellow. Then one day you brush up against something blue, the barest touch, and voila, the rest of your life you're green.
James T. McCay|Tomorrow you promise yourself will be different, yet tomorrow is too often a repetition of today.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|But, she knew, you didn’t have to marry your soulmate, and you didn’t even have to marry an Interesting. You didn’t always need to be the dazzler, the firecracker, the one who cracked everyone up, or made everyone want to sleep with you, or be the one who wrote and starred in the play that got the standing ovation. You could cease to be obsessed with the idea of being interesting.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|The years pass in their hundreds and their thousands, and what does any man see of life but a few summers, a few winters? We look at mountains and call them eternal, and so they seem... but in the course of time, mountains rise and fall, rivers change their courses, stars fall from the sky, and great cities sink beneath the sea. Even gods die, we think. Everything changes.
Alan Cohen|It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful.
John Steinbeck|Men do change, and change comes like a little wind that ruffles the curtains at dawn, and it comes like the stealthy perfume of wildflowers hidden in the grass.
Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa, The Leopard|If we want things to stay as they are, things will have to change.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Observe always that everything is the result of change, and get used to thinking that there is nothing Nature loves so well as to change existing forms and make new ones like them.
Anatole France|If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|She would be a new person, she vowed. They said no matter how far a mule travels it can never come back a horse, but she would show them all.
Arundhati Roy|Either way, change will come. It could be bloody, or it could be beautiful. It depends on us.
Graeme Simsion, The Rosie Project|If you really love someone,' Claudia continued, 'you have to be prepared to accept them as they are. Maybe you hope that one day they get a wake-up call and make the changes for their own reasons.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Already things are changing; it´s starting with small shit but oh it´s starting, the change, the irrevocable, impossible change.
Lauren Myracle, Thirteen|So as a seventh grader, no, you weren't friends with people you didn't like. But sometimes you also weren't friends with people you did like, which was complicated, and which didn't make any sense if you tried to explain it. Sometimes things just changed. That's where the sadness came in.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|Once you learn to discern the voice of Mother Culture humming in the background, telling her story over and over again to the people of your culture, you’ll never stop being conscious of it. Wherever you go for the rest of your life, you’ll be tempted to say to the people around you, “how can you listen to this stuff and not recognize it for what it is?
Dean Jackson|When she transformed into a butterfly, the caterpillars spoke not of her beauty, but of her weirdness. They wanted her to change back into what she always had been. But she had wings.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Joy is sometimes a blessing, but it is often a conquest. Our magic moment help us to change and sends us off in search of our dreams. Yes, we are going to suffer, we will have difficult times, and we will experience many disappointments — but all of this is transitory it leaves no permanent mark. And one day we will look back with pride and faith at the journey we have taken.
John E. Lewis|If not us, then who?If not now, then when?
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|We're not the same people we were then. We've changed, we've grown.
Matsuri Hino, ヴァンパイア騎士 7|by the time you open your eyes, the world might have already changed.
Martin Luther King Jr., A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches|It may well be that we will have to repent in this generation. Not merely for the vitriolic words and the violent actions of the bad people, but for the appalling silence and indifference of the good people who sit around and say, "Wait on time.
Thomas Wolfe, You Can't Go Home Again|From p. 40 of Signet Edition of Thomas Wolfe's _You Can't Go Home Again_ (1940):Some things will never change. Some things will always be the same. Lean down your ear upon the earth and listen.The voice of forest water in the night, a woman's laughter in the dark, the clean, hard rattle of raked gravel, the cricketing stitch of midday in hot meadows, the delicate web of children's voices in bright air--these things will never change.The glitter of sunlight on roughened water, the glory of the stars, the innocence of morning, the smell of the sea in harbors, the feathery blur and smoky buddings of young boughs, and something there that comes and goes and never can be captured, the thorn of spring, the sharp and tongueless cry--these things will always be the same.All things belonging to the earth will never change--the leaf, the blade, the flower, the wind that cries and sleeps and wakes again, the trees whose stiff arms clash and tremble in the dark, and the dust of lovers long since buried in the earth--all things proceeding from the earth to seasons, all things that lapse and change and come again upon the earth--these things will always be the same, for they come up from the earth that never changes, they go back into the earth that lasts forever. Only the earth endures, but it endures forever.The tarantula, the adder, and the asp will also never change. Pain and death will always be the same. But under the pavements trembling like a pulse, under the buildings trembling like a cry, under the waste of time, under the hoof of the beast above the broken bones of cities, there will be something growing like a flower, something bursting from the earth again, forever deathless, faithful, coming into life again like April.
Hermann Hesse|What we can and should change is ourselves: our impatience, our egoism (including intellectual egoism), our sense of injury, our lack of love and forbearance. I regard every other attempt to change the world, even if it springs from the best intentions, as futile.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|Like it takes so little not only to change something, but to make you forget the way it once was, as well.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|It will be difficult to break the habits of thinking Abnegation instilled in me, like tugging a single thread from a complex work of embroidery. But I will find new habits, new thoughts, new rules. I will become something else.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|And I speak of spiritual suffering! Of people seeing their talent, their work, their lives wasted. Of good minds submitting to stupid ones. Of strength and courage strangled by envy, greed for power, fear of change. Change is freedom, change is life
Jean Kwok, Girl in Translation|Nobody can change who you are, except for you.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|A story only matters, I suspect, to the extent that the people in the story change.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|If you really want things to change, you can make them change no matter where you are.
David R. Hawkins|We change the world not by what we say or do, but as a consequence of what we have become.
Shannon L. Alder|There is no perfection, only beautiful versions of brokenness.
Anita Roddick|If you think you're too small to have an impact, try going to bed with a mosquito in the room.
Amit Ray|In every change, in every falling leaf there is some pain, some beauty. And that's the way new leaves grow.
Pema Chödrön, Living Beautifully: with Uncertainty and Change|When we resist change, it’s called suffering. But when we can completely let go and not struggle against it, when we can embrace the groundlessness of our situation and relax into it’s dynamic quality, that’s called enlightenment
Plato|All is flux, nothing stays still
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|Yet I have come to believe that while the past is unchangeable, our perceptions of is are malleable...
Deb Caletti, Wild Roses|It was more work than it seemed, looking through a telescope, as the Earth was continually moving and you had to move along with it. You don't realize how fast this acutally happens, and it's kind of both creepy and wonderful when you stop to think about it. And it makes you realize there's absolutely no way to avoid change. You can sit there and cross your arms and refuse it, but underneath you, things are still spinning away.
T.S. Eliot|If time and space, as sages say,Are things which cannot be,The sun which does not feel decayNo greater is than we.So why, Love, should we ever prayTo live a century?The butterfly that lives a dayHas lived eternity.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Anyone who knows me, should learn to know me again;For I am like the Moon,you will see me with new face everyday.
Elizabeth Edwards|Resilience is accepting your new reality, even if it's less good than the one you had before. You can fight it, you can do nothing but scream about what you've lost, or you can accept that and try to put together something that's good.
Juliet Marillier, Daughter of the Forest|My world was changing, and I was not ready for it.
Alexis Carrel|Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor
Isaac Asimov, Asimov on Science Fiction|It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be...  This, in turn, means that our statesmen, our businessmen, our everyman must take on a science fictional way of thinking.
Victor Hugo, Intellectual Autobiography: Ideas on Literature, Philosophy and Religion|Change your opinions, keep to your principles; change your leaves, keep intact your roots.
Julien Smith, The Flinch|You can change the world again, instead of protecting yourself from it.
Charles de Lint, The Little Country|I love this world," he added. "That is what rules my life. When I die, I want to have done all in my power to leave it in a better state than it was when I found it. At the same time I know that this can never be. The world has grown so complex that one voice can do little to alter it any longer. That doesn't stop me from doing what I can, but it makes the task hard. The successes are so small, the failures so large and many. It's like trying to stem a storm with one's bare hands.
Sara Zarr, Sweethearts|And I don't just mean that they change you. A lot of people can change you—the first kid who called you a name, the first teacher who said you were smart, the first person who crowned you best friend. It's the change you remember, the firsts and what they meant, not really the people.
J.K. Rowling, The Tales of Beedle the Bard|Children being children, however, the grotesque Hopping Pot had taken hold of their imaginations. The solution was to jettison the pro-Muggle moral but keep the warty cauldron, so by the middle of the sixteenth century a different version of the tale was in wide circulation among wizarding families. In the revised story, the Hopping Pot protects an innocent wizard from his torch-bearing, pitchfork-toting neighbours by chasing them away from the wizard's cottage, catching them and swallowing them whole.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|Edgar, there's a difference between missing him and wanting nothing to change," she said. "They aren't the same things at all. And we can't do anything about either one. Things always change. Things would be changing right now if your father were alive, Edgar. That's just life. You can fight it or you accept it. The only difference is, if you accept it, you can get to do other things. If you fight it, you're stuck in the same spot forever. Does that make sense?"But aren't some changes worth fighting?"You know that's true."So how do you know which is which?"I don't know a way to tell for sure," she said. "You ask, 'Why am I really fighting this?' If the answer is 'Because I'm scared of what things will be like,' then, most times, you're fighting for the wrong reason."And if that's not the answer?"Then you dig in your heels and you fight and fight and fight. But you have to be absolutely sure you can handle a different kind of change, because in the end, things will change anyway, just not that way. In fact, if you get into a fight like that, it pretty much guarantees things are going to change.
A.C. Crispin, Time for Yesterday|Remember that on any world the wind eventually wears away the stone, because the stone can only crumble; the wind can change.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|There are times when the world is rearranging itself, and at times like that, the right words can change the world.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Book of Positive Quotations|Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
John F. Kennedy|Peace is a daily, a weekly, a monthly process, gradually changing opinions, slowly eroding old barriers, quietly building new structures. And however undramatic the pursuit of peace, that pursuit must 
Michelle Casto|The only person who is spiritually smart is the one who has learned how to learn, unlearn, and change directions instantly, and start all over again, if your soul calls for it.
Robin Hobb, Golden Fool|But change proves that you are still alive. Change often measures our tolerance for folk different from ourselves. Can we accept their languages, their customs, their garments, and their foods into our own lives? If we can, then we form bonds, bonds that make wars less likely. If we cannot, if we believe that we must do things as we have always done them, then we must either fight to remain as we are, or die
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|There is a curious thing that happens with the passage of time: a calcification of character... Change isn't always for the worst; the shell that forms around a piece of sand looks to some people like an irritation, and to others, like a pearl.
Tana French, In the Woods|Human beings, as I know better than most, can get used to anything. Over time, even the unthinkable gradually wears a little niche for itself in your mind and becomes just something that happened.
W. Somerset Maugham|If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like this forever. Is that good news?
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|But Gemma, you could change the world.""That should take far more than my power," I say."True. But change needn't happen all at once. It can be small gestures.""Moments. Do you understand?" He's looking at me differently now, though I cannot say how. I only know I need to look away...We pass by the pools, where the mud larks sift. And for only a few seconds, I let the magic loose again."Oi! By all the saints!" a boy cries from the river."Gone off the dock?" an old woman calls. The mud larks break into cackles."'S not a rock!" he shouts. He races out of the fog, cradling something in his palm. Curiosity gets the better of the others. They crowd about trying to see. In his palm is a smattering of rubies. "We're rich mates! It's a hot bath and a full belly for every one of us!"Kartik eyes me suspiciously. "That was a strange stroke of good fortune.""Yes it was.""I don't suppose that was your doing.""I'm not sure I don't know what you mean," I say.And that is how change happens. One gesture. One person. One moment at a time.
Peter David, Q-In-Law|If we can't alter the tide of events, at least we can be nearby with towels to mop up.
Terry Hayes, I Am Pilgrim|The world doesn't change in front of your eyes, it changes behind your back.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|People told her she hadn't changed much, in a tone which hinted they were surprised and a little disappointed she hadn't.
Orrin Woodward|You must be willing to give up what you are, to become what you want to be.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|But I must finally realize that I am subject to these sudden transformations. The thing is that I rarely think; a crowd of small metamorphoses accumulate in me without my noticing it, and then, one fine day, a veritable revolution takes place.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Then he asked if I didn’t like things changing. And I said I wouldn’t mind things changing if I became an astronaut, for example, which is one of the biggest changes you can imagine, apart from becoming a girl or dying.
Brené Brown, I Thought It Was Just Me: Women Reclaiming Power and Courage in a Culture of Shame|We cannot grow when we are in shame, and we can't use shame to change ourselves or others.
Stephen King, Doctor Sleep|I changed it. I had to. Do you know why?" She studied him, her eyes grave. "Because that was then and this is now. Because the past is gone, even though it defines the present.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|That’s when I realized that certain moments go on forever. Even after they’re over they still go on, even after you're dead and buried, those moments are lasting still, backward and forward, on into infinity. They are everything and everywhere all at once.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|That’s a funny thing: you think, when awful things happen, everything else just stops, like you would forget to pee and eat and get thirsty, but it’s not really true. It’s like you and your body are two separate things, like your body is betraying you, chugging on, idiotic and animal, craving water and sandwiches and bathroom breaks while your world falls apart.
Swami Vivekananda|Things do not grow better; they remain as they are. It is we who grow better, by the changes we make in ourselves.
Warsan Shire|You tried to change didn’t you? Closed your mouth more, tried to be softer, prettier, less volatile, less awake... You can’t make homes out of human beings. Someone should have already told you that.
Christopher Moore, Practical Demonkeeping|The prospect of change is a many-fanged beast, my dear.
Katherine Rundell, The Wolf Wilder|People say we can't do anything about the way the world is; they say it's set in stone. I say it looks like stone, but it's mostly paint and cardboard.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Sometimes, being true to yourself means changing your mind. Self changes, and you follow.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|Distance was a dangerous thing, she knew. Distance changed people.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Just that maybe … maybe you don’t want to change the story, because you don’t know what a different ending holds.
Neil Gaiman, The Wake|Omnia Mutantur, Nihil Interit. 'Everything changes, but nothing is truly lost.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you truly believe in something that is totally rejected by others, then you've just made a difference.
Sherwood Smith, Crown Duel|Except. What is normal at any given time? We change just as the seasons change, and each spring brings new growth. So nothing is ever quite the same.
Jeanette Winterson|Part broken - part whole, you begin again. ( from 'Why books seem shockproof against change.' THE TIMES: BOOKS)
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|To experience what isn't, love what is.
Dorothy Allison, Skin: Talking about Sex, Class and Literature|I wanted to start over completely, to begin again as new people with nothing of the past left over. I wanted to run away from who we had been seen to be, who we had been... It's the first thing I think of when trouble comes - the geographic solution. Change your name, leave town, disappear, make yourself over. What hides behind that impulse is the conviction that the life you have lived, the person you are, is valueless, better off abandoned, that running away is easier than trying to change things, that change itself is not possible.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|A crowd whose discontent has risen no higher than the level of slogans is only a crowd. But a crowd that understands the reasons for its discontent and knows the remedies is a vital community, and it will have to be reckoned with. I would rather go before the government with two people who have a competent understanding of an issue, and who therefore deserve a hearing, than with two thousand who are vaguely dissatisfied.But even the most articulate public protest is not enough. We don't live in the government or in institutions or in our public utterances and acts, and the environmental crisis has its roots in our lives. By the same token, environmental health will also be rooted in our lives. That is, I take it, simply a fact, and in the light of it we can see how superficial and foolish we would be to think that we could correct what is wrong merely by tinkering with the institutional machinery. The changes that are required are fundamental changes in the way we are living.
Audrey McLaughlin|When you listen, it's amazing what you can learn. When you act on what you've learned, it's amazing what you can change.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|There is never only one, of anyone
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Never be complacent about the current steps; don't agree and follow the status quo. Be determined that you are making an indelible impact with great change. Now, dress up and go to make it happen!
Samuel R. Delany, Dhalgren|You meet a new person, you go with him and suddenly you get a whole new city...you go down new streets, you see houses you never saw before, pass places you didn't even know were there. Everything changes.
Aldous Huxley|The vast majority of human beings dislike and even actually dread all notions with which they are not familiar... Hence it comes about that at their first appearance innovators have generally been persecuted, and always derided as fools and madmen.
Elana K. Arnold, Burning|Perhaps that is where our choice lies -- in determining how we will meet the inevitable end of things, and how we will greet each new beginning.
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|To achieve accurate knowledge of others, if such a thing were possible, we could only ever arrive at it through the slow and unsure recognition of our own initial optical inaccuracies. However, such knowledge is not possible: for, while our vision of others is being adjusted, they, who are not made of mere brute matter, are also changing; we think we have managed to see them more clearly, but they shift; and when we believe we have them fully in focus, it is merely our older images of them that we have clarified, but which are themselves already out of date.
Siegfried Sassoon|The fact is that five years ago I was, as near as possible, a different person to what I am tonight. I, as I am now, didn't exist at all. Will the same thing happen in the next five years? I hope so.
Kurt Lewin|If you want truly to understand something, try to change it.
Patti   Davis, Two Cats and the Woman They Own: or Lessons I Learned from My Cats|Life Lesson 8: Change is always hard, but time softens the rough edges and eases the pull of the past. Eventually, we all climb out from under the bed, and even the most unfamiliar places begin to feel like home.
Tess Gerritsen, Harvest|God, it's like reality's completely shifted on me. I used to think I was standing on such solid ground. If I wanted something badly enough, I just worked like hell for it. Now I can't decide what to do, which move to make. All the things I counted on aren't there for me anymore.
Graham Greene, The Power and the Glory|There is always one moment in childhood when the door opens and lets the future in...We should be thankful we cannot see the horrors and degradations lying around our childhood, in cupboards and bookshelves, everywhere.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The Augusteum warns me not to get attached to any obsolete ideas about who I am, what I represent, whom I belong to, or what function I may once have intended to serve. .. Even in the Eternal City (Rome), says the silent Augusteum, one must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|But wasn't that always the way. It's never something huge that changes everything, but instead the tiniest of details, irrevocably tweaking the balance of the universe while you're busy focusing on the big picture.
Jay Crownover, Jet|Sometimes, things need to change, because there just isn't any way for them to stay the same.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|I don't understand how everything changes, how the layers of your life get buried. Impossible. At some point, at some time, we must all explode.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|But what I wanted back had never really been there. He was a temporary illusion, a mirage of water after walking in the desert. I had made him up. And he could have killed me. You've got to stop the ride sometimes. Stop it and get off.
Herbert Read|In History, stagnant waters, whether they be stagnant waters of custom or those of despotism, harbour no life; life is dependent on the ripples created by a few eccentric individuals. In homage to that life and vitality, the community has to brave certain perils and must countenance a measure of heresy. One must live dangerously if one wants to live at all.
Kitty Richards, Ratatouille|You can't change nature, son!""Change IS nature, dad, the part we can influence. And it all starts when we decide.
Deepak Chopra, The Third Jesus: The Christ We Cannot Ignore|Customs change with time, so it isn't fair to permit change only when you happen to approve of it but condemn change citing biblical authority when you don't.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|Our mouths and bodies speak for us in a new language as the trees shake loose a rain of petals that stick to our slickness like skins we will wear forever. And just like that, I am changed.
Charles de Lint, Someplace to Be Flying|The best change you can make is to hold up a mirror so that people can look into it and change themselves. That's the only way a person can be changed."By looking into yourself," Zia said. "Even if you have to look into a mirror that's outside yourself to do it.""And you know," Maida added. "That mirror can be a story you hear, or just someone else's eyes. Anything that reflects back so you can see yourself in it.
bell hooks, Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center|Since we live in a society that promotes faddism and temporary superficial adaptation of different values, we are easily convinced that changes have occurred in arenas where there has been little or no change.
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|The human ego prefers anything, just about anything, to falling, or changing, or dying. The ego is that part of you that loves the status quo – even when it's not working. It attaches to past and present and fears the future.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Superstition and Other Essays|Belief is not subject to the will. Men think as they must. Children do not, and cannot, believe exactly as they were taught. They are not exactly like their parents. They differ in temperament, in experience, in capacity, in surroundings. And so there is a continual, though almost imperceptible change. There is development, conscious and unconscious growth, and by comparing long periods of time we find that the old has been almost abandoned, almost lost in the new.
Anne Bishop, Marked in Flesh|He gently kissed that scar and felt something changing inside him - just a flutter of change, there and gone, but leaving its mark.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Sixty Days and Counting|All the repetitions in the pattern were superficial; the moment was always new. It had to be lived, and then the next moment embraced as it arrived.
Archimedes, The Works of Archimedes|Give me but a firm spot on which to stand, and I shall move the earth.
Alexis de Tocqueville|I cannot help fearing that men may reach a point where they look on every new theory as a danger, every innovation as a toilsome trouble, every social advance as a first step toward revolution, and that they may absolutely refuse to move at all.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|The average personality re-shapes frequently, every few years even our bodies undergo a complete overhaul-desirable or not, it is a natural thing that we should change.
Napoléon Bonaparte|A revolution is an idea, taken up by bayonets.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|It's a girl thing, trying to change ourselves as if we can change our lives too.
Margaret Mahy, The Changeover|It changes you for ever, but you are changing for ever anyway.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|She said it was because one day I was going to have to go through a metamorphosis like a caterpillar transforming into a butterfly and that scared me, so butterflies scared me.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Hypocrite shouts about the change,but never let risk coming on his way.
Shannon L. Alder|No one can change a person, but a person can be the reason someone changes.
Noam Chomsky|Over the last 25 years, the major popular movements that have had significant impact on the general society and have changed it, that have had a major civilizing effect – the feminist movement, the environmental movement, and so on – these are mostly developments of the ‘70s and ‘80s. Their roots might be in the activism of the ‘60s, but the movements themselves developed and extended later. The same is true of the changes in respect for other cultures, rights of oppressed people, and so on. These are quite significant changes. If you compare the United States now to what it was, say, 35 years ago, the changes are quite dramatic. These are changes in popular consciousness that are quite deeply embedded.
Jill Lepore|History is hereditary only in this way: we, all of us, inherit everything, and then we choose what to cherish, what to disavow, and what do do next, which is why it's worth trying to know where things come from.
Lisa Genova, Left Neglected|I smile, loving him for changing with me, for going where my Neglect has taken us, for getting the new me.
Larry Wall|You can’t change the past. You can’t even change the future, in the sense that you can only change the present one moment at a time, stubbornly, until the future unwinds itself into the stories of our lives.
Kate Light|There Comes the Strangest MomentThere comes the strangest moment in your life,when everything you thought before breaks free--what you relied upon, as ground-rule and as ritelooks upside down from how it used to be.Skin's gone pale, your brain is shedding cells;you question every tenet you set down;obedient thoughts have turned to infidelsand every verb desires to be a noun.I want--my want. I love--my love. I'll staywith you. I thought transitions were the best,but I want what's here to never go away.I'll make my peace, my bed, and kiss this breast…Your heart's in retrograde. You simply have no choice.Things people told you turn out to be true.You have to hold that body, hear that voice.You'd have sworn no one knew you more than you.How many people thought you'd never change?But here you have. It's beautiful. It's strange.
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism|The only thing that one really knows about human nature is that it changes. Change is the one quality we can predicate of it. The systems that fail are those that rely on the permanency of human nature, and not on its growth and development.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|I took the sleeper out of Glasgow, and as the smelly old train bumped out of Central Station and across the Jamaica Street Bridge, I stared out at the orange halogen streetlamps reflected in the black water of the river Clyde. I gazed at the crumbling Victorian buildings that would soon be sandblasted and renovated into yuppie hutches. I watched the revelers and rascals traverse the shiny wet streets. I thought of the thrill and danger of my youth and the fear and frustration of my adult life thus far. I thought of the failure of my marriage and my failures as a man. I saw all this through my reflection in the nighttime window. Down the tracks I went, hardly aware that I was going further south with every passing second.
Nick Abadzis, Laika|For once, it seems there’s nothing to worry about…… for the time 
Kazuo Ishiguro, When We Were Orphans|All I know is that I've wasted all these years looking for something, a sort of trophy I'd get only if I really, really did enough to deserve it. But I don't want it anymore, I want something else now, something warm and sheltering, something I can turn to, regardless of what I do, regardless of who I become. Something that will just be there, always, like tomorrow's sky. That's what I want now, and I think it's what you should want too. But it will be too late soon. We'll become too set to change. If we don't take our chance now, another may never come for either of us.
Colson Whitehead, The Colossus of New York|You swallow hard when you discover that the old coffee shop is now a chain pharmacy, that the place where you first kissed so-and-so is now a discount electronics retailer, that where you bought this very jacket is now rubble behind a blue plywood fence and a future office building. Damage has been done to your city. You say, ''It happened overnight.'' But of course it didn't. Your pizza parlor, his shoeshine stand, her hat store: when they were here, we neglected them. For all you know, the place closed down moments after the last time you walked out the door. (Ten months ago? Six years? Fifteen? You can't remember, can you?) And there have been five stores in that spot before the travel agency. Five different neighborhoods coming and going between then and now, other people's other cities. Or 15, 25, 100 neighborhoods. Thousands of people pass that storefront every day, each one haunting the streets of his or her own New York, not one of them seeing the same thing.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|The journey itself is going to change you, so you don’t have to worry about memorizing the route we took to accomplish that change.
Sarah Dessen, The Moon and More|I would miss Colby, but it wasn't going anywhere. All the more reason why I should.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|The fate of peoples is made like this, two men in small rooms. Forget the coronations, the conclaves of cardinals, the pomp and processions. This is how the world changes: a counter pushed across a table, a pen stroke that alters the force of a phrase, a woman's sigh as she passes and leaves on the air a trail of orange flower or rose water; her hand pulling close the bed curtain, the discreet sigh of flesh against flesh.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|No marriage stays in the same pattern forever. It is both the best feature of marriage and the worst, that it inevitably changes.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Change isn't always for the worst; the shell that forms around a piece of sand looks to some people like an irritation., and to others, like a pearl.
Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now|I felt that my views and philosophies had been changed overnight. The philosophies that i had gladly carved in stone, recited and danced upon.
Jim Harrison, Legends of the Fall|His own life suddenly seemed repellently formal. Whom did he know or what did he know and whom did he love? Sitting on the stump under the burden of his father's death and even the mortality inherent in the dying, wildly colored canopy of leaves, he somehow understood that life was only what one did every day.... Nothing was like anything else, including himself, and everything was changing all of the time. He knew he couldn't perceive the change because he was changing too, along with everything
Stephen R. Covey|People can't live with change if there's not a changeless core inside them. The key to the ability to change is a changeless sense of who you are, what you are about and what you value.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|You can go home again, the General Temporal Theory asserts, so long as you understand that home is a place where you have never been.
Charles W. Chesnutt|As man sows, so shall he reap. In works of fiction, such men are sometimes converted. More often, in real life, they do not change their natures until they are converted into dust.
Dory Hollander, 101 Lies Men Tell Women -- And Why Women Believe Them|Real change will come when you focus on yourself - not on changing him, Real change comes when you are willing and able to state your claim on what you are and are not willing to live with. Just remember to let him in on it
Alison Goodman, Eona: The Last Dragoneye|You have forced your way into my Hua, Eona. Change me. First, by your power- then, just by who you are.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|Remember me for these days, not the old ones.
Josiah Bancroft, Arm of the Sphinx|We are, each of us, a multitude. I am not the man I was this morning, nor the man of yesterday. I am a throng of myself queued through time. We are, gentle reader, each a crowd within a crowd.
Sarah Ban Breathnach, Simple Abundance:  A Daybook of Comfort and Joy|Usually, when the distractions of daily life deplete our energy, the first thing we eliminate is the thing we eliminate is the thing we need the most: quiet, reflective time. Time to dream, time to contemplate what's working and what's not, so that we can make changes for the better. (January 17)
Diana Holquist, Make Me a Match|Whatever he had found, it made him a better person. Maybe that's what love was, finding the person who brings out the best in you and eliminates the worst.
Dianne Sylvan, The Body Sacred|At heart we are all powerful, beautiful, and capable of changing the world with our bare hands.
Ernst Fischer|In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|Nothing is made, nothing disappears. The same changes, at the same places, never stopping.
Cornel West, Race Matters|To be a jazz freedom fighter is to attempt to galvanize and energize world-weary people into forms of organization with accountable leadership that promote critical exchange and broad reflection. The interplay of individuality and unity is not one of uniformity and unanimity imposed from above but rather of conflict among diverse groupings that reach a dynamic consensus subject to questioning and criticism. As with a soloist in a jazz quartet, quintet or band, individuality is promoted in order to sustain and increase the creative tension with the group--a tension that yields higher levels of performance to achieve the aim of the collective project.
Maureen Johnson, The Last Little Blue Envelope|Maybe this was what Aunt Peg meant all along - returning was a weird thing. You can never visit the same place twice. Each time, it's a different story. By the very act of coming back, you wipe our what came before.
Karen Blixen, Seven Gothic Tales|The real difference between God and human beings, he thought, was that God cannot stand continuance. No sooner has he created a season of a year, or a time of the day, than he wishes for something quite different, and sweeps it all away. No sooner was one a young man, and happy at that, than the nature of things would rush one into marriage, martyrdom or old age. And human beings cleave to the existing state of things. All their lives they are striving to hold the moment fast....Their art itself is nothing but the attempt to catch by all means the one particular moment, one light, the momentary beauty of one woman or one flower, and make it everlasting.
Karl Lagerfeld|If you stick to something doggedly, you are off to a bad start.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|The Earth, time, concepts, love, life, faith justice, evil - they're all fluid and in transition. They don't stay in one form or in one place forever. The whole universe is like some big FedEx box.
George Alexiou|As you change your point of view, your views bring about a change in you.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Selected Poetry of Rainer Maria Rilke|Oh hours of childhood,when behind each shape more than the past appearedand what streamed out before us was not the f
David Levithan, Every You, Every Me|My mother said I should have a 'change of scenery.' The word scenery made be think of a play. And as we were driving around, it made sense that way. Because no matter how much the scenery changed, we were still on the same stage.
Leo Buscaglia|I believe that you control your destiny, that you can be what you want to be. You can also stop and say, 'No, I won't do it, I won't behave his way anymore. I'm lonely and I need people around me, maybe I have to change my methods of behaving,' and then you do it.
Santosh Kalwar|Life needs a constant change, minds needs the constant change, only thing that is permanent in the world is change.
Bob Greene, The Life You Want: Get Motivated, Lose Weight, and Be Happy|...the reward centers of the brain--where the pleasure of those high-calorie foods registers--also respond to other substances that bring about pleasure....But those reward centers also respond to other gratifying things, like watching a sunset or experiencing a loving touch...So while you may not be able to change the wiring in your brain, you can "feed" those reward centers other pleasures...Biology isn't destiny when you have effective strategies...
Jennifer Roberson, Lady Of Sherwood|And we are made different. On the instant. What we know, what we were, is banished by that instant, razed like a castle under siege, and nothing is recognizable is left. The world is unmade.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|The guy had literally been through hell and back. Even when he wasn’t trying, he made the toilets explode. What would Percy be like if he wanted to act scary?
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Don't trust people whose feelings change with time... Trust people whose feelings remain the same, even when the time changes.
William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury|In the South you are ashamed of being a virgin. Boys. Men. They lie about it. Because it means less to women, Father said. He said it was men invented virginity not women. Father said it's like death: only a state in which the others are left and I said, But to believe it doesn't matter and he said, That's what's so sad about anything: not only virginity and I said, Why couldn't it have been me and not her who is unvirgin and he said, That's why that's sad too; nothing is even worth the changing of it...
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|We are all glorified motion sensors.Some things only become visible to us when they undergo change.We take for granted all the constant, fixed things, and eventually stop paying any attention to them. At the same time we observe and obsess over small, fast-moving, ephemeral things of little value.The trick to rediscovering constants is to stop and focus on the greater panorama around us. While everything else flits abut, the important things remain in place.Their stillness appears as reverse motion to our perspective, as relativity resets our motion sensors. It reboots us, allowing us once again to perceive.And now that we do see, suddenly we realize that those still things are not so motionless after all. They are simply gliding with slow individualistic grace against the backdrop of the immense universe.And it takes a more sensitive motion instrument to track this.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Be different. Be original. Nobody will remember a specific flower in a garden filled with thousands of the same yellow flower, but they will remember the one that managed to change its color to purple.
Ada Limon|All night I dreamt of bonfires and burn piles and ghosts of men, and spirits behind those birds of flame. I cannot tell anymore when a door opens or closes, I can only hear the frame saying, Walk through.
Susan Patron, The Higher Power of Lucky|Because sometimes Lucky wanted to change everything, all the bad things that had happened, and sometimes she wanted everything to stay the same forever.
Michelle Moran, Rebel Queen|Pain moves us forward, changing us into something else, something we need to be.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|A person could stop a specific thing, but they couldn’t stop change in general. Rivers can’t run backward. Yet, he felt there must be an alternative, neither willfulness nor resignation. He couldn’t put words to it. All he knew was, neither of them had changed their minds and neither of them could find anything more to say.
Elizabeth Norris, Unraveling|Lives are made of strings of moments, and every once in a while, one of those moments is pivotal and defining. It changes everything, alters you so completely that when you look back, there’s a clear before and after
Catherine Valenti|The Doctor is all of us, he lives and dies as all of us, and we need him to – because no matter the anvil-imagery of the Doctor as Christ, this is actually a far older and far simpler story than that. Everything changes. We all regenerate. I am not the same woman who first saw Rose ascend. Years go by and I become someone new, with the same memories but a new face, a new self.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Complete Poems|We rest; a dream has power to poison sleep.We rise; one wand'ring thought pollutes the day.We feel, conceive, or reason; laugh or weep,Embrace fond woe, or cast our cares away;It is the same: for, be it joy or sorrow,The path of its departure still is free.Man's yesterday may ne'er be like his morrow;Nought may endure but Mutability!
Wade Davis, The Wayfinders: Why Ancient Wisdom Matters in the Modern World|Cultural survival is not about preservation, sequestering indigenous peoples in enclaves like some sort of zoological specimens. Change itself does note destroy a culture. All societies are constantly evolving. Indeed a culture survives when it has enough confidence in its past and enough say in its future to maintain its spirit and essence through all the changes it will inevitably undergo. 
Alexander Shulgin, Pihkal: A Chemical Love Story|How he could be a good user of LSD," I asked, "And know about the spiritual dimension - all that sort of thing - and still be a crook? I don't understand.""Then it's time you did. Psychedelic drugs don't change you - they don't change you character - unless you want to be changed. They enable change; they can't impose it...
Peach-Pit, Shugo Chara!, Vol. 2: Friends in Need|Are you Stupid?""Huh?""Hotoba-san, Even if you are far away the sky i always connected. Friends are friend no matter where you are. Change isn't so bad...I was scared of change too. We're both scared. Lets be friend...okay?
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|As we know from the study of history, no new system can impose itself upon a previous one without incorporating many of the elements to be found in the latter...
Stephen King|You know, small children take it as a matter of course that things will change every day and grown-ups understand that things change sooner or later and their job is to keep them from changing as long as possible. It’s only kids in high school who are convinced they’re never going to change. There’s always going to be a pep rally and there’s always going to be a spectator bus, somewhere out there in their future.
Paolo Giordano, The Solitude of Prime Numbers|She emptied herself of Fabio and of herself, of all the useless efforts she had made to get where she was and find nothing there. With detached curiosity she observed the rebirth of her weaknesses, her obsessions. This time she would let them decide, since she hadn't been able to do anything anyway. Against certain parts of yourself you remain powerless, she said to herself, as she regressed pleasurably to the time when she was a girl.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|That's a pretty story,' said Afanasievna as she let go of Ansky's genitals. 'A pity I'm too old and have seen to much to believe it.'It has nothing to do with belief,' said Ansky, 'it has to do with understanding, and then changing.
Sonia Johnson|We must remember that one determined person can make a significant difference, and that a small group of determined people can change the course of history.
Michael Cox, The Meaning of Night|The boundaries of this world are forever shifting – from day to night, joy to sorrow, love to hate, and from life itself to death; and who can say at what moment we may suddenly cross over the border, from one state of existence to another, like heat applied to some flammable substance? I have been given my own ever-changing margins, across which I move, continually and hungrily, like a migrating animal. Now civilized, now untamed; now responsive to decency and human concern, now viciously attuned to the darkest of desires.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Tibby, who was not fond of change, had once told Bridget that the present, no matter what it brought, couldn't change the past. The past was set and sealed.
Nina Hagen|As long as karma exists, the world changes. There will always be karma to be taken care of
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|Every revolution was first a thought in one man's mind, and when the same thought occurs to another man, it is the key to that era.
Richard Flanagan, Gould's Book of Fish: A Novel in Twelve Fish|Men's lives are not progressions, as conventionally rendered in history paintings, nor are they a series of facts that may be enumerated & in their proper order understood. Rather they are a series of transformations, some immediate & shocking, some so slow as to be imperceptible, yet so complete & horrifying that at the end of his life a man may search his memory in vain for a moment of correspondence between his self in his dotage & him in his youth.
David F. Jakielo|If you don't like change, you're going to like irrelevance even less.
Blue Balliett, The Calder Game|Yes, the wind came up--" Mrs. Sharpe began. She paused."And changed us all," Petra said softly.
Emily Henry, The Love That Split the World|For a moment we're both silent, staring. I wonder if either of us really sees the other clearly anymore or if we stuck looking at the frozen images of who we used to be.
Nora Roberts, Genuine Lies|Change--savor the cool, fresh flavor of it.
Harry Belafonte|After all, Paul Robeson said, ‘Artists are the radical voice of civilization.’ Each and every one of you in this room, with your gifts and your power and your skills, could perhaps change the way in which our global humanity mistrusts itself. Perhaps we as artists and as visionaries, for what’s better in the human heart and the human soul, could influence citizens everywhere in the world to see the better side of who and what we are as a species.
Dana Reinhardt, Harmless|It was then, there in the darkness, with only those little pin-points of light to see by, light from a world away where other people with their own problems and their own secrets lived their own lives, that everything in our world changed for good.
Barbara Samuel, The Sleeping Night|Maybe not. But maybe that's how the world changes, Isaiah. One father, one child, at a time.
Mary Balogh, Simply Love|My life will be what I make it," he told her. "That is true for all of us all the time. We cannot know what the future will bring or how the events of the future will make us feel. We cannot even plan and feel any certainty that our most carefully contrived plans will be put into effect. Could I have predicted what happened to me in the Peninsula? Could you have predicted what happened to you in Cornwall? But those things happened to us nevertheless. And they changed our plans and our dreams so radically that we both might have been excused for giving up, for never planning or dreaming again, for never living again. That too is a choice we all have to make.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Kalahari Typing School for Men|We shall change all that...because it is possible to change the world, if one is determined enough, and if one sees with sufficient clarity just what has to be changed.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|I've put out a lot of little roots these two years," Anne told the moon, "and when I'm pulled up they're going to hurt a great deal. But it's best to go, I think, and, as Marilla says, there's no good reason why I shouldn't. I must get out all my ambitions and dust them.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|Things are embarrassing, best to avoid them. But since your death I prefer a naturalist style of conversation. Let's strip it down to what matters. Let's have emotions and beliefs on show without the modest covering of small talk.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|If you really want to be different, you'd better keep quiet and be a good person on the inside.
C. JoyBell C.|We can't be afraid to change. You may fell secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know there is a such a thing as an ocean, a sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, maybe the very reason you don't have something better.
James     Baldwin, Nobody Knows My Name|Any real change implies the breakup of the world as one has always known it, the loss of all that gave one an identity, the end of safety. And at such a moment, unable to see and not daring to imagine what the future will now bring forth, one clings to what one knew, or dreamed that one possessed. Yet, it is only when a man is able, without bitterness or self-pity, to surrender a dream he has long possessed that he is set free - he has set himself free - for higher dreams, for greater privileges.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|Civilizations grow by agreements and accomodations and accretions, not by repudiations. The rebels and the revolutionaries are only eddies, they keep the stream from getting stagnant but they get swept down and absorbed, they're a side issue. Quiet desperation is another name for the human condition. If revolutionaries would learn that they can't remodel society by day after tomorrow -- haven't the wisdom to and shouldn't be permitted to -- I'd have more respect for them ... Civilizations grow and change and decline -- they aren't remade.
Claire Dederer, Poser: My Life in Twenty-three Yoga Poses|I had discovered something; there was a pleasure in becoming something new. You could will yourself into a fresh shape. Now all I had to do was figure out how to do it out there, in my life.
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|We do not escape our boundaries or our innermost being. We do not change. It is true we may be transformed, but we always walk within our boundaries, within the marked-off circle.
Ron Hall|If all the Christians- I mean all of 'em- got outta the pews on Sundays and into the streets, we'd shut the city down.We'd shut down hunger.We'd shut down loneliness.We'd shut down the notion that there is any such of a thing as a person that don't deserve a kind word and a second chance.
Philip Levine|… the river sliding along its banks, darker now than the sky descending a last time to scatter its diamonds into these black waters that contain the day that passed, the night to come. — Excerpt from the poem “The Mercy
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|Changes come all the time. Just as soon as things get really nice they change,' she said with a sigh.
Michael M. Rose|Maybe if we focused on being light & less on the dark, we might actually see things change.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|Art isn't only a painting; it's anything that changes someone for the better, any nonanonymous interaction that leads to a human (not simply a commercial) conclusion.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|So thoroughly and sincerely are we compelled to live, reverencing our life, and denying the possibility of change. This is the only way, we say; but there are as many ways as there can be drawn radii from one centre.
Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace|To desire to change one’s past means there is a desire to change oneself. To desire to change oneself, one must learn to change.
Derek Donais, MetalMagic: Talisman|One age ends, and another begins. It is the way of things. But, it doesn't happen all at once.
Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace|Not much in the world ends up being the same as it started out, unless of course it had a very short life cycle.
Tatjana Soli, The Lotus Eaters|Why did someone fall in love with you because you were one thing, and then want you to be something else?
Santosh Kalwar|The world has changed from quality to quantity, and so have we.
Paul Stamets, Mycelium Running: How Mushrooms Can Help Save the World|I believe that mycelium is the neurological network of nature. Interlacing mosaics of mycelium infuse habitats with information-sharing membranes. These membranes are aware, react to change, and collectively have the long-term health of the host environment in mind. The mycelium stays in constant molecular communication with its environment, devising diverse enzymatic and chemical responses to complex challenges.
Tasha Hoggatt|...give yourself permission to change your world and others around you, in a positive way, with love and respect.
Graham Joyce, Some Kind of Fairy Tale|Twenty years is, after all, a long time. We are not the same people we were. Old friends, lovers, even family members: they are strangers who happen to wear a familiar face. We have no right to claim to know anyone after such a distance.
Eddie Vedder|I had a long talk with Bruce Springsteen on a rooftop during the Vote for Change tour (in 2004). And it boiled down to this: That guy you used to be, he’s still in the car. He’ll always be in the car. Just don’t let him drive. He might be shouting out directions. But whatever you do, don’t let him get behind the wheel.
Seymour Simon|Knowledge empowers people with our most powerful tool: the ability to think and decide. There is no power for change greater than a child discovering what he or she cares about. (Speech about Global Warming read on the National Mall for the 40th anniversary of Earth Day, 2010)
Ben H. Winters, Underground Airlines|Sometimes it's possible, just barely possible, to imagine a version of this world different from the existing one, a world in which there is true justice, heroic honesty, a clear perception possessed by each individual about how to treat all the others. Sometimes I swear I could see it, glittering in the pavement, glowing between the words in a stranger's sentence, a green, impossible vision--the world as it was meant to be, like a mist around the world as it is.
Theodore J. Kaczynski, Industrial Society and Its Future: The Unabomber Manifesto|The conservatives are fools: They whine about the decay of traditional values, yet they enthusiastically support technological progress and economic growth. Apparently it never occurs to them that you can't make rapid, drastic changes in the technology and the economy of a society without causing rapid changes in all other aspects of the society as well, and that such rapid changes inevitably break down traditional values.
William Golding, A Moving Target|Perhaps the various burnings of the Alexandria Library were necessary, like those Australian Forest Fires without which the new seeds cannot burst their shells and make a young, healthy forest.
Ginger Bensman, To Swim Beneath the Earth|An airport is a potent place, a point of reunions and departures. For the traveler, it's a crossroads at the moment of decision, a flashpoint that separates intention from retreat.
Douglas B. Reeves, Leading Change in Your School: How to Conquer Myths, Build Commitment, and Get Results|Behavior precedes belief - that is, most people must engage in a behavior before they accept that it is beneficial; then they see the results, and then they believe that it is the right thing to do....implementation precedes buy-in; it does not follow it.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|The power of a bold idea uttered publicly in defiance of dominant opinion cannot be easily measured. Those special people who speak out in such a way as to shake up not only the self-assurance of their enemies, but the complacency of their friends, are precious catalysts for change.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|At any given moment in our lives, there are certain things that could have happened but didn't. The magic momentsgo unrecognized, and then suddenly, the hand of destiny changes everything.
Marshall McLuhan, Forward Through The Rearview Mirror: Reflections On And By Marshall Mc Luhan|I am resolutely opposed to all innovation, all change, but I am determined to understand what’s happening. Because I don’t choose just to sit and let the juggernaut roll over me. Many people seem to think that if you talk about something recent, you’re in favor of it. The exact opposite is true in my case. Anything I talk about is almost certainly something I’m resolutely against. And it seems to me the best way to oppose it is to understand it. And then you know where to turn off the buttons.
Kirsty Eagar, Night Beach|You cant rely on anybody being around for you, because things change.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|That speaking the words, even if true, had little power to change the inevitable or even make him feel much better.
Eleanor Roosevelt|You can't move so fast that you try to change the mores faster than people can accept it. That doesn't mean you do nothing, but it means that you do the things that need to be done according to priority.
Tom Stoppard|If you want to change something by Tuesday, theater is no good. Journalism is what does that.But, if you want to just alter the chemistry of the moral matrix, then theater has a longer half-life.
Theodore Dalrymple|There is nothing that an intellectual less likes to change than his mind, or a politician his policy.
Lauren Myracle|So, as a seventh grader,no, you weren't friends with people you didnt like. But sometimesyou also werent friends with people you did like, which was complicated, and which didnt make any sence if you tried to explain it. Sometimes things just changed. Thats where the sadness came in.
Sam Starbuck, The Dead Isle|Do you always try to upset the world as much as possible?" Clare asked.He gave her a surprised look. "Of course. Otherwise how does anything change?
Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories|Life had called his name, and without thinking, he had stepped forward. He wondered if perhaps he was becoming the person he had always wanted to be.
Gertrude Stein, Narration: Four Lectures by Gertrude Stein|It is the human habit to think in centuries from a grandparent to a grandchild because it just does take about a hundred years for things to cease to have the same meaning as they did before,
Irving Kirsch, The Emperor's New Drugs: Exploding the Antidepressant Myth|Not only are poor, unemployed, less will-educated and non-white people more likely to become depressed, but they are also least likely to benefit from treatment by either antidepressants or psychotherapy. That is why combating depression requires more than merely providing effective treatment for those who are already suffering from it. We also need the change the social conditions - such a racism, unemployment, poverty, unaffordable housing, and lack of adequate education - that put people at increased risk of becoming depressed.
Matthew Goldfinger|If anything normal were useful it would have been done already. That's why my motto is "Dare to Differ." Who know's what you'll find ?
Chris Cordova|We as human beings appear to be in the most adverse stages in our evolution. How can the Mother Earth survive when the souls of Her sons are tainted with avarice, and the very minds which shape Her fate are dominated by ego? Minds that are prone to paranoia and can no longer trust its brothers. Humanity is at a crossroads. A crossroads which speaks of either profound change or ultimate destruction.
Gouverneur Morris|They (the French) have taken genius instead of reason for their guide, adopted experiment instead of experience, and wander in the dark because they prefer lightning to light.
Matt L. Rawlins, There's an Elephant in the Room|If you can't talk about it, you can't change it.
Shamarion Whitaker|You can’t change the road you traveled from a child, but you can certainly take a different road for the journey into your future.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|This is what I say: I've got good news and bad news.The good news is, you don't have to worry, you can't change the past.The bad news is, you don't have to worry, no matter how hard you try, you can't change the past.The universe just doesn't put up with that. We aren't important enough. No one is. Even in our own lives. We're not strong enough, willful enough, skilled enough in chronodiegetic manipulation to be able to just accidentally change the entire course of anything, even ourselves.
Walter Bower|The wolf was sick, he vowed a monk to be - But when he got well, a wolf once more was he
Kate DiCamillo, The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane|Normally, Edward would have found intrusive, clingy behavior of this sort very annoying, but there was something about Sarah Ruth. He wanted to take care of her. He wanted to protect her. He wanted to do more for her. (page 135)
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|Each of us has interests which conflict the interests of everybody else... 'everybody else' we call 'society'. It's a powerful opponent and it always wins. Oh, here and there an individual prevails for a while and gets what he wants. Sometimes he storms the culture of a society and changes it to his own advantage. But society wins in the long run, for it has the advantage of numbers and of age.
William Nicholson, Shadowlands|HARRINGTON: And God hears your prayer, doesn't he? We hear Joy's getting better....LEWIS: That's not why I pray, Harry. I pray because I can't help myself. I pray because I'm helpless. I pray because the need flows out of me, waking and sleeping. It doesn't change God, it changes me.
Mary Balogh, Slightly Tempted|It was the challenge of life too, was it not? People could never be fully understood. They were ever changing, different people at different times and under different circumstances and influences. And always growing, always creating themselves anew.How impossible it was to know another human being.How impossible to know even oneself.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|With grumble, nobody changes anything, even himself.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|You do not change anything, only need to make difference.
Sharon E. Rainey, Making a Pearl from the Grit of Life|This is where life as I knew it changed. This is where a new feeling slowly, eventually, permeated every cell of my body, changing the way I took in the world. My perceptions, opinions, everything changed the year I moved from Texas to Virginia.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Door Through Space|By and large, the kind of science fiction which makes tomorrow's headlines as near as this morning's coffee has enlarged popular awareness of the modern, miraculous world of science we live in. It has helped generations of young people feel at age with a changing 
M.F.K. Fisher, The Art of Eating|Perhaps they should feel this safe sand blow away so that their heads are uncovered for a time, so that they will have to taste not only the solid honesty of my red borscht, but the new flavor of the changing world.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|[C]hange your thinking, your interpretation of he world, change the way you see! To change the way you see is to change the world. (50)
Teresa de la Parra, Las memorias de Mamá Blanca|Memories do not change, and change is the law of existence. If our dead, the closest, the most beloved, were to return to us after a long absence and instead of the old, familiar trees were to find in our souls English gardens and stone walls -- that is to say, other loves, other tastes, other interests, they would gaze upon us sadly and tenderly for a moment, wiping away their tears, and then return to their tombs to rest.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Mistress of Spices|Fennel, which is the spice for Wednesdays, the day of averages, of middle-aged people. . . . Fennel . . . smelling of changes to come.
David W. Earle|Reality may not be what you want it to be, but it is the reality you now must face. You can deny this reality and try to wish it away, or you can accept it and not waste any energy on wanting it to be different.
M.., The Meaning(s) of Life: A Human's Guide to the Biology of Souls|When you gaze out on a quiet, peaceful meadow, next to a still pond, under a motionless blue sky, you wonder how the noisy, busy cacophony of life could have arisen from such silent, motionless beginning.
William Least Heat-Moon|All of those things - rock and men and river - resisted change, resisted the coming as they did the going. Hood warmed and rose slowly, breaking open the plain, and cooled slowly over the plain it buried. The nature of things is resistance to change, while the nature of process is resistance to stasis, yet things and process are one, and the line from inorganic to organic and back is uninterrupted and unbroken.
John Berendt, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil|[Quoting Miss Harty:]"People come here from all over the country and fall in love with Savannah. Then they move here and pretty soon they’re telling us how much more lively and prosperous Savannah could be if we only knew what we had and how to take advantage of it. I call these people ‘Gucci carpetbaggers.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Be music always. Keep changing the keys, tones, pitch, and volume of each of the songs you create along your life's journey and play on.
Rémy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques|To have a solid foundation of skepticism, -that is to say, the faculty of changing at any moment, of turning back, of facing successively the metamorphoses of life.
Marcel Proust, Albertine disparue|I was not one man only but the steady advance hour after hour of an army in close formation, in which there appeared, according to the moment, impassioned men, indifferent men, jealous men.
Yael Shahar, A Damaged Mirror: A story of memory and redemption|Every action in this world, every word, every thought, has an effect. But the actor is also acted upon by his action. The condition on which you are allowed to make a change in the world is that the world changes you as well.
Eileen Anglin|Self awareness is the key, and the first step in change. We cannot change our world or ourselves without the awareness of what needs to change. To shift the patterns that disempower you, you must get honest with yourself and become aware of what they are.
Jennifer DeLucy|Life's been one tough little shit, but there's a very obvious reason why she hasn't let me get too comfy, settle too long or sink too deep. She knows she has to kick me in the ass sometimes to get me moving on my journey.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|...by the time we understand the pattern we are in, the definition we are making for ourselves, it's too late to break out of the box. We can only live in terms of the definition, like the prisoner in the cage in which he cannot lie or stand or sit, hung up in justice to be viewed by the populace. Yet the definition we have made of ourselves is ourselves. To break out of it, we must make a new self. But how can the self make a new self when the selfness which it is, is the only substance from which the new self can be made?
Steve Maraboli|CHANGE: Don’t just talk about it, go out there and do it. Don’t just meditate about it, go out there and create it. Don’t just pray about it go out there and take action; participate in the answering of your own prayer. If you want change, get out there and live it. - Steve Maraboli
Shane Claiborne, Jesus for President: Politics for Ordinary Radicals|If the people of God were to transform the world through fascination, these amazing teachings had to work at the center of these peculiar people. Then we can look into the eyes of a centurion and see not a beast but a child of God, and then walk with that child a couple of miles. Look into the eys of tax collectors as they sue you in court; see their poverty and give them your coat. Look in to the eys of the ones who are hardest for you to like, and see the One you love. For God loves good and bad people.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|Today I prayed for Boston, for America, my home away from home. Today, I realized how lucky we Sri Lankans are to have peace in our country. How I feel today, hearing of the bombs going off in the city brings back memories of how I used to feel four years ago in Sri Lanka when the LTTE was setting off bombs all around Colombo. That feeling I used to get when I hear about a bomb blast, the goosebumps, the school evacuation drills, the breaking news footage, and most of all, that fear we Sri Lankans used to feel, every second of everyday, it all came back to me today. Thank you God for bringing peace to my country, look after America the way you did Sri Lanka.
T.S. Eliot|Our second danger is to associate tradition with the immovable; to think of it as something hostile to all change; to aim to return to some previous condition which we imagine as having been capable of preservation in perpetuity, instead of aiming to stimulate the life which produced that condition in its time. . . . a tradition without intelligence is not worth having . . .
Suzanne LaFleur, Eight Keys|Well, sometimes things don't change on their own. Sometimes we have to change them.
Nick Harkaway, The Blind Giant|Something else emerges from this discussion about us as human individuals: we're not fixed, stable intellects riding along peering at the world through the lenses of our eyes like the pilots of people-shaped spacecraft. We are affected constantly by what's going on around us. Whether our flexibility is based in neuroplasticity or in less dramatic aspects of the brain, we have to start acknowledging that we are mutable, persuadable and vulnerable to clever distortions, and that very often what we want to be is a matter of constant effort rather than attaining a given state and then forgetting about it. Being human isn't like hanging your hat on a hook and leaving it there, it's like walking in a high wind: you have to keep paying attention. You have to be engaged with the world.
Cath Crowley, The Life and Times of Gracie Faltrain|How can I explain to her that I just can't come home? It's too soon, it's too late; I do want to be with Helen every second of the day but at the same time I don't want to be with her at all. I want to have back what I felt at the beginning. I could no more leave her then than leave my arms or legs. How do you find the beginning, though? There are no roads or signs. You start to doubt it even exists. The hardest thing isn't deciding that I want to go back to when Helen and Gracie and I were us. The most difficult thing is finding the map to get there.
Brian Eno, What Have You Changed Your Mind About?: Today's Leading Minds Rethink Everything|If we are ever going to achieve a rational approach to organizing our affairs, we have to dignify the process of admitting to being wrong. It doesn't help matters at all if the media, or your friends, accuse you of "flip-flopping" when you change your mind. Changing our minds is our hope for the future.
Pat Allwright, Basics of Buddhism: Key principles and how to practise|From the Buddhist perspective, the only lasting way to bring about change is for people themselves to change.
Bryant McGill|We must throw out the old, fear-based thought-forms and evolve, and begin to live as higher beings of compassion.
Markelle Grabo, The Spell Master|He smiled at me, and just like that I was completely happy to be who I was. I knew it wouldn't be easy all the time, but right now it was as simple as sunshine because Nathan was here and had helped me to realize that I was still Ramsey, no matter how much things had changed.
Galen Beckett, The Master of Heathcrest Hall|Besides, Mrs. Quesnt, did it never occur to you that we are not changing at all-that rather, we are simply becoming more ourselves?
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When we were on trees, others had lived in skies. When we reach skies, descendant of primitives will someday convey this message.
William Kittredge, We Are Not in This Together: Stories|Sometimes there is no choice but to walk into your own house. Far away, you think, and you do not want to see. You come home and you say do not tell me. You say, I have hunted the elk all over the snowfields of the Selway, and I do not want to know what happened here. And then there is a morning you walk in and take a look in your own house, like any traveler.
Grant Morrison, Supergods: What Masked Vigilantes, Miraculous Mutants, and a Sun God from Smallville Can Teach Us About Being Human|Writers and artists build by hand little worlds that they hope might effect change in real minds, in the real world where stories are read. A story can make us cry and laugh, break our hearts, or make us angry enough to change the world.
Seth Godin, Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us|Leadership, on the other hand, is about creating change you believe in.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|Mountains, according to the angle of view, the season, the time of day, the beholder's frame of mind, or any one thing, can effectively change their appearance. Thus, it is essential to recognize that we can never know more than one side, one small aspect of a mountain.
Barbara Hurd, Stirring the Mud: On Swamps, Bogs, and Human Imagination|To love a swamp, however, is to love what is muted and marginal, what exists in the shadows, what shoulders its way out of mud and scurries along the damp edges of what is most commonly praised. And sometimes its invisibility is a blessing. Swamps and bogs are places of transition and wild growth, breeding grounds, experimental labs where organisms and ideas have the luxury of being out of the spotlight, where the imagination can mutate and mate, send tendrils into and out of the water.
Tennessee Williams|When things don't change, their sameness becomes an accretion. That is why all society puts on flesh. Succumbs to the cubicles and begins to fill them.
Margaret Laurence, The Stone Angel|I can't change what's happened to me in my life, or make what's not occurred take place. But I can't say I like it, or accept it, or believe it's for the best. I don't and never shall, not even if I'm damned for it.
Ramona Ausubel, No One is Here Except All of Us|You know that smell, when you put your nose up to a pine tree?" I told her I did perfectly. "No matter how long it has been, you always will. Like you are storing a part of that tree in your own body. ... Everything stays true. You are yourself, no matter how much you have to change.
Dean Koontz, Watchers|It's so damn hard to bloom... to change. Even when you want to change, want it more than anything in the world, it's hard. Desire to change isn't enough. Or desperation. Couldn't be done without...love,
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|It's funny how things seem different, suddenly.
Anthony Lane|[W]e are not merely tempered and schooled by failure but compelled, in however subtle a fashion, to become something other than we were.
Timothy D. Lane, How People Change: How Christ Changes Us by His Grace, Leader's Guide|We are often at odds with our wise and loving Lord because the change he is working on is not the change we have dreamt about. We dream about change in it, while God is working in the midst of it to change us.
Kathe Koja, Kissing the Bee|I knew that change was coming, the way you know things you can't see, by feeling them; by instinct. The way the bees know everything they know.
Cherie Colyer, Embrace|Embraced in Isaac’s wings, I decided that change wasn’t such a bad thing. It actually gave flight to a whole new world I couldn’t wait to explore.
Rebecca McKinsey|When you don't change, history repeats itself. Then you have to decide if changing is for the best, or you keep seeing repeats because you're doing something right.
Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam: The Concept of Religion and The Foundation of Ethics and Morality|Change, development and progress, according to the Islamic viewpoint, refer to the return to the genuine Islam enunciated and practised by the Holy Prophet (may God bless and give him Peace!) and his noble Companions and their Followers (blessing and peace be upon them all!) and the faith and practice of genuine Muslims after them; and they also refer to the self and mean its return to its original nature and religion (Islam).
Bob Hicok|I like the idea of differenttheres and elsewheres, an Idaho known for bluegrass,a Bronx where people talklike violets smell. Perhaps I am somewhere patient, somehowkind, perhaps in the nookof a cousin universe I've never defiled or betrayedanyone.
Michael Cunningham, A Home at the End of the World|I suppose at heart it was the haircut that did it; that exploded the ordinary order of things and showed me the possibilities that had been there all along, hidden among the patterns in the wallpaper. In a different age, we used to take acid for more or less the same reason.
L.E. Modesitt Jr., The Parafaith War|The only absolute truth is change, and death is the only way to stop change. Life is a series of judgments on changing situations, and no ideal, no belief fits every solution. Yet humans need to believe in something beyond themselves. Perhaps all intelligences do. If we do not act on higher motivations, then we can justify any action, no matter how horrible, as necessary for our survival. We are endlessly caught between the need for high moral absolutes—which will fail enough that any absolute can be demonstrated as false—and our tendency for individual judgments to degenerate into self-gratifying and unethical narcissism. Trying to force absolutes on others results in death and destruction, yet failing to act beyond one's self also leads to death and destruction, generally a lot sooner.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|People tend to resist a change into something new and different.But after it's succeded, they easily say that the change is a must.
M. Ageyev, Novel with Cocaine|Boulevards are like people: similar in their youth, they undergo gradual change according to what ferments in them.
Terry Crowley, An Introduction to Historical Linguistics|It seems that in almost all societies, the attitudes that people have to language change is basically the same. People everywhere tend to say that the older form of a language is in some sense 'better' than the form that is being used today.
Andrew Sean Greer, The Story of a Marriage|Change was not something you waited for, quietly, mutely, in a house by the ocean, nothing would ever change unless we forced it into shape.
George Packer|This malignant persistence since September 11th is the biggest surprise of all. In previous decades, sneak attacks, stock-market crashes, and other great crises became hinges on which American history swung in dramatically new directions. But events on the same scale, or nearly so, no longer seem to have that power; moneyed interests may have become too entrenched, elites too self-seeking, institutions too feeble, and the public too polarized and passive for the country to be shocked into fundamental change.
Elif Shafak|My interest in Sufism began when I was a college student. At the time, I was a rebellious young woman who liked to wrap several shawls of ‘-isms’ around her shoulders: I was a leftist, feminist, nihilist, environmentalist, anarcho-pacifist…I wasn’t interested in any religion and the difference between ‘religiosity’ and ‘spirituality’ was lost to me. Having spent some time of my childhood with a loving grandmother with many superstitions and beliefs, I had a sense the world was not composed of solely material things and there was more to life than I could see. But the truth is, I wasn’t interested in understanding the world. I only wanted to change it.
Jane Austen|The conversation soon turned upon fishing, and she heard Mr. Darcy invite him, with the greatest civility, to fish there as often as he chose while he continued in the neighbourhood, offering at the same time to supply him with fishing tackle, and pointing out those parts of the stream where there was usually most sport. Mrs. Gardiner, who was walking arm in arm with Elizabeth, gave her a look expressive of her wonder. Elizabeth said nothing, but it gratified her exceedingly; the compliment must be all for herself. Her astonishment, however, was extreme; and continually was she repeating, "Why is he so altered? From what can it proceed? It cannot be for me, it cannot be for my sake that his manners are thus softened. My reproofs at Hunsford could not work such a change as this. It is impossible that he should still love me.
Akiroq Brost|Change is never convenient. I'm talking about acceptance here. Don't be misguided into thinking change is going to be easy. If you're facing change then you're challenging a norm, your norm. You've adapted to that and now it's being challenged. It's being turned inside out and upside down. You may feel that can't quite find your footing. It's all foreign. You may feel lost in it, quite unsure of yourself, unsure of what to do, or how to do it. Don't worry. Everything new was once like this, and you made it through. You'll find a way. Have faith. Keep hope in your heart. If you want to get to the other side of anything you need to work through and endure change. It can be awkward and uncomfortable. Change is never comfortable. It takes time and patience. It takes self-love and acceptance. It takes grace and self-forgiveness. Take it one step at a time. Break it down. You'll make it to the other side.
Peter S. Beagle, Two Hearts|It's not you worries me. The king is a good man, and an old friend, but it has been a long time, and kings change. Even more than other people, kings change.
Richie Norton|Mentors change lives, but students change mentors’ lives more.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|The years after graduation hardened me into someone quite different from the strutting graduate.. headed for New York City, ready to offer the world his talent. The world, I discovered, was not all that interested. I wandered around my early twenties, paying rent and reading classifieds and wondering why the lights were not turning green for me.
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|Even the air seems to have a smell - earthy and rich and complicated, made out of things living nd things dying and things long dead. The smell of the world where nothing stops moving, nothing stays the same.
Nabil Sabio Azadi|The winds of fortune tend to favour the sails of those who politely yell out to it, 'Nice to meet you!
Brent M. Jones|To change yourself you have to move from where you are and take a step, then you have to be willing to keep doing it
Avina Celeste|To change the world, we must look inward. If we fill our hearts with peace and love, we will see the change.
Avina Celeste|Inside of you, there is the power to change your world. Believe in good and you will find good.
Sheridan Jobbins, Wish You Were Here|You're safe, it's only change.
Gift Gugu  Mona|The fact that you are alive is what matters most because no matter what your situation is, you still have a chance to change it.
Arnold R. Beisser|Change comes about when you become what you are, not when you try to become what you are not.
Brent M. Jones|Nothing in life is guaranteed except change, but I guess that could change.
Kieran Revell, Release Your Unstoppable Power: The Journey Continues...|Changing circumstances always present great opportunities as well as new challenges. Once you recognise the relationship, you’ll understand the need for passion and persistence (KR, 1995)
Martha Heller, Be the Business: CIOs in the New Eras of IT|But moving from enabling the business to being the business is challenging work. It means changing governance models, organizational structures, delivery methodologies and hiring practices. It means transforming IT people from technologists to strategists, from constructing hard lines around IT to creating an environment devoid of organizational boundaries, and from clamping down on employees attempts to develop their own technology to embracing end-user innovation. It also means driving change in the most difficult of all arenas: the mindset, the psyche, the most deeply held ways that we understand our jobs, our success, and our professional identity.
Sharanya Haridas|Modernity is kind of a tradition and tradition itself is not a rulebook. It's a dialogue and a dialectical process— just as tradition affects us, we too affect tradition and culture, and we change it.
Margaret Wander Bonanno, Catalyst of Sorrows|There are those who like things just they are and will stop at nothing to keep them that way, and those who understand that change is the natural order of the universe, and one must change with it.
Meg Medina, Burn Baby Burn|Nothing ends. There is only transformation, ugly as it may be.
Nikki Rowe|I became a mother before becoming sick, but i never expected sickness to take away my independent mothering, so i plant trees to sooth my soul from the aching pains of losing the maternal ability to mother another child. My first born will be my only treasure, the one who knew who i was before the mess entered our lives and also the one who adapted with me to a reality we weren't certain of oh and lots of plants and plants and plants.
Vincent de Paul, TWISTED TIMES: Son of Man|When I started off, I believed that the true determinant of how great I was was through my lifestyle, wardrobe, the type of car I drove, being seen with the right people; and if I made it unscathed, the estates I would own, and how the media would be singing my name like Urbanas’s. I saw my father apologizing for not supporting me. But life is a twisty bastard. When I called it quits on robbery, drugs, hedonism, and paedophilia and most probably necromancy—the ‘scarletest’ of sins according to me—I made a vow never to live a profane life again, not even the most subtle of snares would entrap me. I had seen them all, even in their disguises, and I knew them when I saw them.
Latika Teotia|Life throws up all kinds of people. Some may be kind, gentle, caring and loving; others may be indifferent who live through without making any difference to this world and there yet others who are loud, demanding as well as dominating. It is the last variety that always takes others for granted; they WILL have their way even if it means trampling others and even hurting their feeling in the bargain. They are like predators- beasts of prey. They will pounce on the weak, and won’t hesitate to rip them apart, if it suits them. They sniff out the kind hearted and caring people. Don’t waste your energy in trying to mould them because, firstly, it’s very difficult to change them and secondly it’s most certainly not YOUR duty to change anyone. What you should do instead is to send out a very clear message that your kindness, your gentleness or your caring nature are NOT your weaknesses- they are your strength. This nature of yours gives you the courage and the strength to do what you do. Believe me; they do not have the courage to take you on because they are like bullies who are basically cowards at heart. Let kindness and gentleness be your strength.
Mel Robbins, The 5 Second Rule: Transform Your Life, Work, and Confidence with Everyday Courage|Change is hard. Logically, we know what we should do, but our feelings about doing it make our decision for us. How you feel in the moment is almost never aligned with your goals and dreams. If you only act when you feel like it, you will never get what you want.You must learn how to separate what you feel from the actions that you take.You can't control how you feel. But you can always choose how you act.
Sesan Kareem|if you will grow, everything will grow with you.
Laurie Frankel, This is How It Always Is|It happens to everyone," she assured Princess Stephanie."It does?" Stephanie doubted it."Sure. Everyone's someone else sometimes. Everyone transforms. Maybe not in quite the same way as you, but that's sort of the point. The curse - if you will - it happens to everyone, but not to any two people in the same way. And no one likes it, no matter who's waiting inside.
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|When you see disavowal, change it with your hands, if you can’t, change it with your words, and if you can’t as well, change it with your heart.” -131
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|Don’t hope the world will change, but we have to be change. ..., Allah said He will not change people’s fate, until the people themselves make the change. If you want something and want to be something, don’t just dream and pray, but make it, change it, do it here. And now!” -148
Ken Wytsma, Pursuing Justice: The Call to Live and Die for Bigger Things|Learning to change the world is rarely easy or convenient--it can be complex, costly, and messy.
Dan Brown, Inferno|If we don't embrace them, then we are as undeserving of life as the caveman who freezes to death because he's afraid to start a fire.
Farshad Asl|Don't try to compete, Create!Don't try to compare, Dominate!Don't try to complain, Change!And don't just try, Commit!This is the moment that can change your life forever!
Alice Hoffman|I do not know if he had a name, but I called him North, an appellation I think Beck would have approved of, for it was the name the Dutch called the Hudson River when they first came here, when men set to changing the world in their image, and gave all the wild things their own names.
Fred David, Strategic Management:Concepts and Cases, Global Edition|As Waterman has noted: In today’s business environment, more than in any preceding era, the only constant is change. Successful organizations effectively manage change, continuously adapting their bureaucracies, strategies, systems, products, and cultures to survive the shocks and prosper from the forces that decimate the competition.
Emory R. Frie, Enchanted Forest|Everything is going to change. We just need to see how those changes are going to play out, for better or worse.
Trishna Damodar|If life has not changed or taught you anything, you haven't been living it right!
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Sower|Your teachersAre all around you.All that you perceive,All that you experience,All that is given to youor taken from you,All that you love or hate,need or fearWill teach you--If you will learn.God is your firstand your last teacher.God is your harshest teacher:subtle,demanding.Learn or die.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I never said it was easy to find your place in this world, but I’m coming to the conclusion that if you seek to please others, you will forever be changing because you will never be yourself, only fragments of someone you could be. You need to belong to yourself, and let others belong to themselves too. You need to be free and detached from things and your surroundings. You need to build your home in your own simple existence, not in friends, lovers, your career or material belongings, because these are things you will lose one day. That’s the natural order of this world. This is called the practice of detachment.
Jamie Varon|You are as you are until you're not. You change when you want to change. You put your ideas into action in the timing that is best. That's just how it happens.And what I think we all need more than anything is this: permission to be wherever the fuck we are when we're there.You're not a robot. You can't just conjure up motivation when you don't have it. Sometimes you're going through something. Sometimes life has happened. Life! Remember life? Yeah, it teaches you things and sometimes makes you go the long way around for your biggest lessons.You don't get to control everything. You can wake up at 5 a.m. every day until you're tired and broken, but if the words or the painting or the ideas don't want to come to fruition, they won't. You can show up every day to your best intentions, but if it's not the time, it's just not the fucking time. You need to give yourself permission to be a human being.
Haresh Sippy|Times, they are a-changing. Change accordingly, the sooner the better.
John Hope Franklin|[The South's] obsession was to maintain a government, an economy, an arrangement of the sexes, a relationship of the races, and a social system that had never existed...except in the fertile imagination of those who would not confront either the reality that existed or the change that would bring them closer to reality.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|Love's cruel notion. - Every great love brings with it the cruel idea of killingthe object of that love, so that he may be removed once and for all fromthe wicked game of change: for love dreads change more than it doesdestruction.
Winston Graham, The Four Swans|Everyone," Ross said, "seems a little less concerned than I do. Am I more tender-hearted for others or only tender because of my own conscience?""We are not–untender," she said. "Not so. But maybe we are more–resigned. When a man is condemned to death we accept it, though it's sad to do so. We know we cannot change it. You hoped to change it–so it's more of a–a disappointment. You feel you have failed. We don't feel that because we never hoped to succeed.
Laiah Gifty Akita|If we come to Jesus Christ, He completely change us.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Pierrot & Columbine|Treat me well and I will tell... Treat me bad and I feel sad. Treat me good, change my mood. Treat me sweet and call it quits!
Henri Charrière, Papillon|I am not a good enough writer to convey the intense emotion I felt over my newfound self-respect. It was a rehabilitation, if not a new life. This imaginary baptism, the immersion in purity, the elevation of my being above the filth in which I'd been mired and, overnight, this sense of responsibility, made me into a different man. The convict's complexes that make him hear his chains and suspect he's being watched even after he's freed, everything I'd seen, gone through, suffered, everything that was making me tarnished, rotten and dangerous, passively obedient on the surface but terribly dangerous in rebellion, all that had disappeared as if by a miracle.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|Before I only wanted to change the world. I still want that, but it was ironic how I never wanted to change myself. Yet that's where revolutions start! And it's the only way revolutions can continue, if we keep looking inward, looking at how others might see us. That's what happened when I met Sofia. I saw myself the way she saw me.
Shannon Hale, Once Upon a Time: A Story Collection|Fortune-teller tea. Give it a sip!"The liquid was pink and smelled of strawberries, but when Maddie drank it, the flavor was deep and a little bitter, followed by a sudden burst of sweetness.Her father returned. "Well?" he asked."It started out as black licorice and then melted into butterscotch," she said."Oh, my girl, the tea is telling you that this is the year to keep your ear to the ground and listen for surprises. Change is coming!"Maddie's stomach was full of thoughts and her head full of butterflies. She checked her watch again. She couldn't wait for it all to begin.
Denis Hachey, Mind to Mind Conversation: Change Your Mind, Change Your Life|Too many people live miserable lives, but they don’t do anything to change them.
Anthony T. Hincks|A positive is just two negatives going in two different directions. So, if something doesn't work, change tact, and come at it from a different direction. You never know, it may just work.That's being positive for ya!
Anthony T Hincks|When you change your dress,you want to look your best.But when you change your lover,it's simply for another.
Machel Shull|For example, if you think you are a certain way as a person and that is just who you are and you don't have the power to change, that will become true for you. Whatever image, thoughts or words you continuously play in your conscious mind, your soul (subconscious) will believe. So think the best. Suggest the best.
Machel Shull|Affirmations take our thoughts to a more protective and powerful place. By affirming good, by affirming daily gratitude, you, yourself will find more peace from giving your thoughts a break from the worry cycle.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|That's old Twoflower, Rincewind thought. It’s not that he doesn’t appreciate beauty, he just appreciates it in his own way. I mean, if a poet sees a daffodil he stares at it and writes a long poem about it, but Twoflower wanders off to find a book on botany. He just looks at things, but nothing he looks at is ever the same again. Including me, I suspect.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With every circumstance, there is grace for change.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There are times in life that we ascribe qualities or traits to other people that are inaccurate or fail to recognize other aspects of their being because we are emotionally invested in that person fulfilling a specific role in our life. When we claim that the other person changed it is not so much that they altered their core composition, but we now must admit to ourselves that our original perception of them was imprecise.
Anthony T. Hincks|No Goodbye'The floods of tears,Flow for thee,As I remember how it used to be.Your gentle touch,Your tender caress,Your scented perfume,Your tender kiss.But things do change,In the blink of an eye,An errant driver,No goodbyes.All I remember,Is how it was,Before that fatal night,When all was lost."I love you.
Jay Woodman|If you want to change something, whether in a relationship, work, or anywhere, identify and focus on the few most important bits, and don't throw in extras to mess it up.
NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New Names|Running and chanting, the word change in the air like it's something you can grab and put in your mouth and sink your teeth into.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you're tired of triviality, maybe it's time you changed your life.
Erik Pevernagie|It’s hard to safeguard a genuine life course, when love tips over from endearing care into tedium, through laziness of imagination or loss of interest, and the storyline becomes barren and desolate, insipidly dull, turning into a threadbare act with the same trite modus operandi. “The same procedure as every year, James!” ("Things needing to be changed")
Karishma Magvani|One day I hope to hear "this is the world we live in" used in a positive light.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that positivity— real positivity— is like the butterflies. The whole essence of the butterfly: caterpillar, cocoon, winged creature. When I look at a butterfly, I not only see a winged beauty, but I also see a strong beauty! A mind that decided: "I'm going to become better, I'm not going to be afraid of the dark, I'm going to roll myself up in this thing that I am and I will come out winged and colourful." A butterfly can never become a butterfly unless the caterpillar realises that it needs to become one. This, to me, is true positivity. I don't like what others do— the way they paint on colours and tape on wings. I like what the caterpillars do. They truly BECOME.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|I think that sitting there talking to Dan was a thing that had a great impression on my life. I know that being an idiot and all, I ain't supposed to have no philosophy of my own, but maybe it's just because nobody never too the time to talk to me about it. It was Dan's philosophy that everything that happen to us, or for that matter, to anything everywhere, is controlled by natural laws that govern the universe. His views were extremely complicated, but the gist of what he said begun to change my whole outlook on things.
George Bernard Shaw|Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds, cannot change anything.
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|What was it like then to witness the transformation wrought by this construction? A geometric idea of precision suddenly imposed on a landscape, lived on and in for centuries. The land itself like a body submitted to military discipline. Or like a mind, tutored along certain acceptable pathways, so that finally all that lies outside certain avenues of thought begins to assume an air of unreality.The land of course is still there. Only now it has receded into the background. It is what you see in your peripheral vision as you speed down the highway. The complexity of it, the intricate presence of it, has been reduced now to a single word, jungle. If once you breathed its breath or slept surrounded by its dark or wakened with its light, you no longer remember. You tell yourself life has improved. The jungle is in the past. To enter it is to stray from the path, or to be pulled down into some unknown depth. It is an exotic place, intriguing but also unpredictable, uncontrolled, threatening the well-paved order of existence.
Amanda Ashton-Booth|Change is your gateway to opportunity, opportunities will lead you to a new and fulfilling life.
Patricia Lockwood, Priestdaddy: A Memoir|There is a love for structure in them that I recognize, and a desire to worship correctness that I know and I share. When I look at them, I think: to prize traditionalism above all else in a church that began in revolution is to do a great violence to it. But I feel that same ache for the past in myself: to uphold the columns of literature, grammar, the Western tradition. The English language began as an upheaval; I am not protecting it when I try to guard it against change. The Jesus Christ of it, Chaucer, walked across the water telling dirty jokes, made twenty stories stretch to feed a million people, spelled the word "cunt" five ways, performed miracles. Any innovation I put down on paper is an attempt to remind myself of this. I am not modern. I was not born to blaze new paths or bring down walls. I break form against my nature to tell myself that revolution, too, is a tradition that must be upheld.
J.R. Rim|The digital detox isn't what you think it is. It's like a diet. Once you go on it, you feel better until you log into social media again. If you want real change, figure out what works best for your lifestyle.
Michael   Lewis, The Undoing Project: A Friendship That Changed Our Minds|Danny explained, “Reforms always create winners and losers, and the losers will always fight harder than the winners.” How did you get the losers to accept change? The prevailing strategy on the Israeli farms – which wasn’t working very well – was to bully or argue with the people who needed to change. The psychologist Kurt Lewin had suggested persuasively that, rather than selling people on some change, you were better off identifying the reasons for their resistance, and addressing those. Imagine a plank held in place by a spring on either side of it, Danny told the students. How do you move it? Well, you can increase the force on one side of the plank. Or you can reduce the force on the other side. “In one case the overall tension is reduced,” he said, “and in the other it is increased.” And that was a sort of proof that there was an advantage in reducing the tensions. “It’s a key idea,” said Danny. “Making it easy to change.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you're a square peg in a society full of round holes, it's time to change the playing board.
Beverly L. Anderson, Stolen Innocence|Fuck normal.” [Varick] took [Kieran’s] crumpled wrapper and slowly straightened it out on the table. He began to fold it in half, then half again, and finally one last time in half, making a neat square. “Normal is a societal construct that is created by people. There is no consistency across civilizations or cultures. What is normal to one person is not normal to another. It once was normal to own slaves and be prejudiced against people of color like yourself. It was once normal to make women wear dresses and cover themselves. And long ago it was normal to cut off someone’s hand for stealing instead of putting them in jail. Eventually, all societal constructs fall to new ideas. Normal is one of them.” Kieran stared at him with his mouth slightly open. “Now, just fold up your silly wrapper like you want to.
Emery Lord, The Names They Gave Us|Whose empire did you just overthrow?" My own.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|You get a strange feeling when you're about to leave a place...like you'll not only miss the people you love but you'll miss the person you are now at this time and this place, because you'll never be this way ever again.
David Amerland, The Sniper Mind: Eliminate Fear, Deal with Uncertainty, and Make Better Decisions|Every physical response, every psychological change and every mental transformation starts with the mind.
Georgi Tenev, Party Headquarters|Like a needle jabbed into your arm, reality stings you, hurting you more than your skin and flesh. You realize that you're nobody. The electricity's gone out, the darkness is your sudden enemy...you have to protect yourself from the dark. Otherwise the world goes out, along with the artificial lights from the power plant. The night once again disintegrates into atoms, changes from cultivated to wild, fitting itself afterward into its original black hues, its cat skin.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Capability: Building Lego Like Capability Into Business Competency|Managing change is no longer a one-time initiative, and change management turns to be a strategical ongoing capability in today’s digital organizations.
Dean Jackson, The Poetry of Oneness: Illuminating Awareness of the True Self|When she transformed into a butterfly,the caterpillars spoke not of her beauty, but of her weirdness.They wanted her to change back into what she always had been.But she had wings.
Emery Lord, The Names They Gave Us|Well, you change as you get older, especially at this time in your life. You become more yourself, hopefully. And sometimes that changes the dynamic, even with people you love. So it's not that you were wrong. You were right for that time. But you grow up and you grow out of relationships. Even the ones you thought, at one point, might be forever.
Georgi Tenev, Party Headquarters|We did everything correctly, following the established plan approved by management!' Just as under socialism--we do and did everything correctly, yet life, the world, continues to collapse beneath our feet like a reactor that has entered a runaway state of nuclear meltdown. Is there any need to explain what those two great liberating words mean: chain reaction?
John Darnielle, Universal Harvester|It's in the nature of the landscape to change, and it's in the nature of people to help the process along...
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|For twelve school years, every morning, she had turned left out the front door to get to work. Now the taxi turned right, spiriting her off in the opposite direction.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|Only Catherine has the capacity to change and mature, although here...our heroine pays a dear price for this change. And she does take a form of revenge on both her father and her suitor: she refuses to give in to them. In the end, she has her triumph.
Teresa Schultz, The Bible In Poetry,|We can only trust God to change hearts and lives, and let Him use us to stand up for Him, and to love the hurting.
Chief Black Elk|Everything an Indian does is in a circle, and that is because the power of the World always works in circles, and everything tries to be round . . . The sky is round and I have heard the earth is round like a ball, and so are all the stars. The wind in its greatest power whirls, birds make their nest in circles, for theirs is the same religion as ours. The sun comes forth and goes down again in a circle. The moon does the same and both are round. Even the seasons form a great circle in their changing, and always come back again to where they were. Our teepees were round like the nests of birds. And they were always set in a circle, the nation’s hoop.
Haresh Sippy|CHANGE WITH THE TIMES...The early bird will benefit the most,the ones who don't will be left out.
John E. Lewis|If not now, then when?
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|It is as simple as that. Birds fly because they have wings and so when you can’t grow the wings, you can’t be called a bird. Leaders make impacts because they create new ideas and so if you can’t think of any new innovative ideas, you can’t be a leader.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|When I returned to New York, it had already changed. I always wished things could just remain.
Fennel Hudson, Fine Things - Fennel's Journal - No. 8|In with the new, out with the old.’ That’s what we’re told. We have to change, adapt, compromise.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|In order to fit our needs and wants, we are constantly adjusting and altering our behaviors and feelings. Metaphorically speaking, we are constantly giving birth to priorities; our priorities are perpetually reassessed and we perpetually adjust to accomplish them.Some call this "Change." I call it, improving ourselves by means through the inner self.
Steven Magee|If you think that climate change and global warming are not going to affect you, then you are easily misled.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Until you fall in love with positive change, becoming passionate about improving the status quo, you won’t become a leader.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|A great number isn’t bad though, but doesn’t take numbers to change the world.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|What it takes is the passion to lead and the commitment to that passion through a lifetime. A great number isn’t bad though, but doesn’t take numbers to change the world.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|With the years, we become even more ourselves and call this change.
Fatima Faisal|It's not the surrounding that has changed, it's us who changed.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Be the initiator of things you wish to see, but can’t see. Be the originator of things you wish you feel but can’t feel.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everybody wants a change and change happens in the life of everybody each day, but not all changes are preferable
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The leader’s joy is the success of change, the evidence of progress and the actualization of a better life.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|To wipe out abuse is not enough; you have to change people's whole outlook. The mill is no longer standing, but the wind's still there, blowing away.
Scott Cawthon, Five Nights at Freddy's: The Silver Eyes|The things that had changed seem out of place, and the things that had remained the same made Charlie feel out of place.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Perhaps many things inside you have been transformed; perhaps somewhere, someplace deep inside your being, you have undergone important changes while you were sad. The only sadnesses that are dangerous and unhealthy are the ones that we carry around in public in order to drown them out with the noise; like diseases that are treated superficially and foolishly, they just withdraw and after a short interval break out again all the more terribly; and gather inside us and are life, are life that is unlived, rejected, lost, life that we can die of.
Anthony T. Hincks|It's too late to change the world, but, hopefully it's not too late to change ourselves.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Everything's always changing, Charlie. We become who we are. The mask melts into the face.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The human mind’s innate ability to imagine and create ensures that we never remain stalled out in who we are. We constantly seek to amend our circumference and circumstances, craft and redraft our emotional, social, political, economic, and artistic being.
Steven Magee|If you think that climate change and global warming are hoaxes, then you are easily fooled.
Steven Magee|There are no electromagnetic field (EMF) book millionaires yet, but that may change with the roll out of the fifth generation (5G) wireless networks.
Malebo Sephodi|In order to validate our Africanness, we hold on to tradition at all cost, banning critical engagement in an attempt to preserve its sacredness
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Use your now well now! There is always another day to change something, but all the days we may meet may never be the same. Use your now well now!
Fennel Hudson, Fine Things - Fennel's Journal - No. 8|Change, it seems, is inevitable. And so is compromise.
Fennel Hudson, Fine Things - Fennel's Journal - No. 8|Things today ‘sure ain’t like they used to be’. They’ve changed, moved on, progressed.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, Herland|it is only in social relations that we are human...to be human women must share in the totality of humanity's common life. Women, forced to lead restricted lives, retard all human progress. Growth of organism, the individual or social body requires use of all of our powers in four areas: physical, intellectual, spiritual and social
R.J. Groves, Writing You: An Unlikely Romance|There was nothing she would ever change about him , except for who he thought she was.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Nobody|She wasn’t going to sit and wait. She was done waiting, because you could spend your whole life waiting for something to happen. Something big. You could wait and wait, and even if something big happened, even if it finally happened—it didn’t change anything.
Crystal Kadakia, The Millennial Myth: Transforming Misunderstanding Into Workplace Breakthroughs|Millennials, instead of a danger, are really a reflection of the society in which they grew up in, and in which all of us now live.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|Life’s journey does not take place down an easy roadway, as some might imagine. It takes place inside a giant house with a million doorways. Every day of our lives we are faced with decisions to make, doorways to walk through. It can be confusing at times, like walking through a carnival maze. Some decisions we make are big, some small, but they all have consequences..
Lance Olsen, Calendar of Regrets|Everything changes, sweetheart. The universe loves to happen.
Gift Gugu Mona|Poverty should first be addressed in the mind because even if you give millions to a poor person, until there's a change of mindset, they will still remain the same.
Susan Hill, Mrs de Winter|I had changed, and gone on changing, but I did not fully remember how it had begun, or understand why.
Kate Skylark, Daddy's Wicked Parties: The Most Shocking True Story of Child Abuse Ever Told|We cannot change or put right the past, it is our choice whether to be happy in this very moment. The present is all we have and problems only live in the past or the future.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Change is a quintessential element of progress. Without change, progress is non-existent.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Easter is the miracle of transformation as seen in the change of seasons, in the maturation of mortal persons, and in the resurrection of souls.
John Hawkins, 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know|I love you," "I was wrong," and "I apologize" are powerful words. They can save marriages, deepen friendships, and change lives. Don't be afraid to use them.
John Hawkins, 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know|The key thing to keep in mind is that people do change, but they do it in their own time, for their own reasons. That's why you can hope for change, you can encourage change, you can communicate that you want change, but there are never any guarantees that it will happen.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|It doesn't mean anything;It doesn't change anything,Except the way I see myself,And it's not supposed to do that.I shouldn't feel this way;I should cry this way,But I kind of do.Yeah, I kind of do.
Catherine Louise Birmingham|You can only get to where you want to be, through where you are now.
Kabelo Mabona|Pain means change is coming. When you are going through a hell, or turmoil, know that change is coming. Don't be afraid of pain, losing, failing or trying - change is coming. There's no gain without pain, just hold on, change is coming. God is not yet finished, hold on.
Kabelo Mabona|Every year is a year of impact, a month of change and a day of new encounters. Its all in the mind to make the impact, see the change and conquer new encounters.
Caroline George, The Vestige|Our surroundings fade and we exist in unison, two people who once shared cups of coffee, unprecedentedly ourselves in a changing world.
Jennifer Finney Boylan, Long Black Veil|How much could the person you love change, and still remain the same person to whom you'd made your promise? We don't expect our lovers to remain the same over the course of a long relationship. In fact, if you're married at sixty-five to the same person you married when you were twenty, your marriage has probably failed. But there are changes, over time, that spell doom for a marriage, although exactly what these are, and to what degree, varies from couple to couple. For some people, vast changes over time make no difference to the fundamental sense of devotion one soul has for another. But for others, relatively small changes can push things to the breaking point: gaining or losing weight, gaining or losing faith, gaining or losing wealth. How does any relationship survive in the end, when change is the only constant?
John     Davidson|You’re young, and like anything new. It’s change you want. I’m middle-aged, and there’s nothing staler to me than change. Constant comfort and little luxuries as regular as the clock are fresher than change.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Remember, life is a bit tough most of the time.Also remember, if it was easy it would be boring.
Sesan Kareem|Change is automatic, but progress is not. Death is certain, but LIVING a good life is a CHOICE
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|No matter what we think we should do, I don’t think you can coerce yourself into loving your neighbor—or your boss—when you can’t stand him. But if you try to understand your feelings of dislike with mindfulness and compassion, being sure not to forget self-compassion, you create the possibility for change.
Durga Chew-Bose, Too Much and Not the Mood|Change, I've come to understand, rises up like nausea: the promise of relief is what makes it bearable.
Germany Kent|Dear God, Thank you for waking me up today and for your everlasting love and never ending mercy and for my blessed day ahead.
Rebecca McNutt, Listen is Silent, or The Usurer|Tony and Peg have two kids, Terry-Lynn and Harvey, both of whom are enrolled in so many extracurricular and afterschool clubs that they hardly ever see their parents. If Terry-Lynn is in Girl Guides, she doesn’t have to see Peg inviting the Purolator man in for “a cup of coffee”. If Harvey is in the anime drawing club, he doesn’t have to see Peg kissing Mr. Cooper from across the street, even if all the other neighbours secretly know what’s going on. Tony has no idea, all he knows is that Peg isn’t the same Peg he married back in 2003. All he knows is that she’s changed a great deal, and not for the better, like a beautiful butterfly regressing back into a devouring, ugly caterpillar in the span of only a couple of months.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|When we hesitate to change on time, we predispose ourselves to miss the boat that would take us to our envious future...
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Change for someone today and tomorrow you will hear them say, "You are not the same.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|There is a reason life has put you in the current circumstances,Life will always test you, it will always try to make you stronger.Life only wants you to be better then you were yesterday.
Chris Guillebeau, The Happiness of Pursuit: Finding the Quest That Will Bring Purpose to Your Life|When discontent sets in it's time to make some changes. In a world where so much is possible, yet so many people are unhappy, there has to be another way.
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|Before we leave the gravesite, Mary sings Mother's favorite gospel hymn ...Mary's lovely voice rises and lingers in the air, and by the end of the song most of us are crying. I am too, though I still don't know what those stars are meant to represent. My mistake, I suppose, is in thinking they should mean something.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|Meditation does not involve trying to change your thinking by thinking some more. It involves watching thought itself. The watching is the holding. By watching your thoughts without being drawn into them, you can learn something profoundly liberating about thinking itself, which may help you to be less of a prisoner of those thought patterns (….)
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|They put me in a box, and every time I try to nudge the lid open, they slam it back down. It’s like nothing about me is allowed to change.
Jinnul Jr.|Life is limited by death to make us hurry, though we can't change the past, atleast we change for good and to never repeat the same mistakes again.
Donald Pillai|Our big opportunity may be right where we are right now. We have the sense to realize that a single idea can change the way we think, the way we feel, and the way we live, that right now is one of those moments when we have the ability to influence the future right now. Believe it!
Jacob Bronowski, The Origins of Knowledge and Imagination|The creative personality is always one that looks on the world as fit for change and on himself as an instrument for change. Otherwise, what are you creating for? If the world is perfectly all right the way it is, you have no place in it. The creative personality thinks of the world as a canvas for change and of himself as a divine agent of change.
Sunday Adelaja|We should be disciplined and responsible and then our prosperity will be stable despite any economic crisis, inflation or a change of government
Sunday Adelaja|We must change our way of thinking, correct our plans and envision new ways of attaining our goals
Samantha Shannon, The Song Rising|When you dream of change, it shines bright, like fire, and burns away all the rot that came before it. It's swift and inexorable. You cry for justice, and justice is done. The world stands with you in your fight. But if there was one thing I had learned in these last few weeks, it was that change had never been that simple. That kind of revolution existed only in daydreams.
Iris Murdoch, The Nice and the Good|But very few ordeals are redemptive and I doubt if the descent into hell teaches anything new. It can only hasten processes which are already in existence, and usually this just means that it degrades. You see, in hell one lacks the energy for any good change. This indeed is the meaning of hell.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|The moment when mortality, ephemerality, uncertainty, suffering, or the possibility of change arrives can split a life in two. Facts and ideas we might have heard a thousand times assume a vivid, urgent, felt reality. We knew them then, but they matter now. They are like guests that suddenly speak up and make demands upon us; sometimes they appear as guides, sometimes they just wreck what came before or shove us out the door. We answer them, when we answer, with how we lead our lives. Sometimes what begins as bad news prompts the true path of a life, a disruptive visitor that might be thanked only later. Most of us don’t change until we have to, and crisis is often what obliges us to do so. Crises are often resolved only through anew identity and new purpose, whether it’s that of a nation or a single human being.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Nothing that remains static is truly ever alive. Nature does not abide idleness. All energy sources of the natural world and the cosmos are in a constant motion, they are in a perpetual state of fluctuation. All forms of living must make allowances for the seasons of change. The Earth itself is twirling through space, spinning on its axis analogous to a child’s top. The unpredictable forces of instability brought about by a combination of motion, change, and flux propels the miraculous dynamism of existence.
Sunday Adelaja|Being born-again Christian gives God the opportunity to gradually change your heart, mind, and thoughts
Sister Hazel|If you want to be somebody else, change your mind.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you.
Susan C. Young|Once you embrace that continuous change is a natural process for your growth and evolution, you will be reminded that who, what, and where you are now is a temporary condition. Understanding this fact is foundational for hope, positive change and resilient transformation.
Susan C. Young|Re is a prefix, which when used in front of a word, changes its meaning to convey a fresh beginning, a do-over, a repeat, a shift in perspective, or an opportunity to create something new. When you add the prefix Re, you are activating the power of the word to head in a new direction to build momentum for positive change and transformation.
Susan C. Young|Sometimes the changes in your life will be planned with strategy, optimism, and intention. Other changes, however, will catch you by surprise, sabotage your success, break your heart, cause you stress, or leave you feeling lost. Whether you are dealing with planned or unplanned change, there will always be a degree of adaptation and reorientation required in order for you to be resilient.
Susan C. Young|The importance of reviewing is apparent and proven. However, the majority of people do not do it in their own lives. Do you want to live your best life now? Take deliberate action and begin to REVIEW where you have been, where you are now, and where you would like to be.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Scholars postulate that the only thing that does not change is the every varying world. Other renowned thinkers postulate that the natural state of all things is to remain the same. Perhaps both propositions are vital. Perhaps it is normal to resist change because it threatens our present state of being. Perhaps it is natural to attempt to preserve the status quo because we are part of the external world and we wish to persevere, not expire. Perhaps it is inevitable that we all change. The natural forces are impossible to blunt.
Jeffrey Fry|In time of macromental change, only the adaptable survive.
Marilyn Hilton, Full Cicada Moon|Even now, that day reminds me that raindrops are stronger than hammers.
DaShanne Stokes|Discovering that I was adopted redefined my entire world, but it taught me that who you are doesn't change.
David Crosby|You do not get to choose the events that come your way nor the sorrows that interrupt your life. They will likely be a surprise to you, catching you off quard and unprepared. You may hold your head in your hands and lament your weak condition and wonder what you ought to do. To suffer, that is common to all. To suffer and still keep your composure, your faith and your smile, that is remarkable. Pain will change you more profoundly than success or good fortune. Suffering shapes your perception of life, your values and priorities, and your goals and dreams. Your pain is changing you.
DaShanne Stokes|Being denied their original birth certificates isn't just a problem for adoptees. It's a social problem, requiring social change.
Richie Norton|To be humble is to be teachable. Meek, not weak. The most humble people are the most aggressive leaders. Aggressive because to be truly taught, is to sincerely do. To lead. To start. To achieve. Willingly and urgently doing the work to make change.
Atul Gawande, The Checklist Manifesto: How to Get Things Right|Just ticking boxes is not the ultimate goal here. Embracing a culture of teamwork and discipline is. And if we recognised the opportunity, the two-minute WHO checklist is just a start.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|What is happening is something new in my life. I think many people have a sense of shape, of unfolding, in their lives. This sense makes it possible for them to say: Yes, this new person is important to me: he, or she, is the beginning of something I must live through. Or: This emotion, which I have not felt before, is not the alien I believed it to be. It will now be part of me and I must deal with it.It is easy now, looking back over my life to say: That Anna, in that time, was such and such a person. And then, five years later, she was such and such. A year, two years, five years of a certain kind of being can be rolled up and tucked away, or ‘named’ — yes, during that time I was like that. Well now I am in the middle of such a period, and when it is over I shall glance back at it casually and say: Yes, that’s what I was.
Helen Macdonald, H is for Hawk|The light that filled my house was deep and livid, half magnolia, half rainwater. Things sat in it, dark and very still.
Jeffrey Fry|Great leadership involves three things. The ability to realize when you are wrong, a willingness to learn from it, and an eagerness to change course if necessary.
Chris Colfer, Stranger Than Fanfiction|You can change a body, but you can't change a soul. The heart wants what it wants.
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|Does the butterfly lose time in the months it grows from caterpillar to flying beauty? One day, I’m going to want to sleep twelve hours at a stretch and I won’t be able to. I’m not losing time. I am going through a metamorphosis.
Luigina Sgarro|If we lived the plans we do more as bets than as forecasts, we would be less anxious and more prepared for the unexpected.
Daniel Tammet, Thinking In Numbers: On Life, Love, Meaning, and Math|[Tolstoy] denounced [many historians'] lamentable tendency to simplify. The experts stumble onto a battlefield, into a parliament or public square, and demand, "Where is he? Where is he?" "Where is who?" "The hero, of course! The leader, the creator, the great man!" And having found him, they promptly ignore all his peers and troops and advisors. They close their eyes and abstract their Napoleon from the mud and the smoke and the masses on either side, and marvel at how such a figure could possibly have prevailed in so many battles and commanded the destiny of an entire continent. "There was an eye to see in this man," wrote Thomas Carlyle about Napoleon in 1840, "a soul to dare and do. He rose naturally to be the King. All men saw that he was such."But Tolstoy saw differently. "Kings are the slaves of history," he declared. "The unconscious swarmlike life of mankind uses every moment of a king's life as an instrument for its purposes." Kings and commanders and presidents did not interest Tolstoy. History, his history, looks elsewhere: it is the study of infinitely incremental, imperceptible change from one state of being (peace) to another (war).The experts claimed that the decisions of exceptional men could explain all of history's great events. For the novelist, this belief was evidence of their failure to grasp the reality of an incremental change brought about by the multitude's infinitely small actions.
DaShanne Stokes|Racist legacy laws and modern racist practices are all part of the same system, and it needs to be changed now.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|Be the time he finds his way out of the chamber and the planetarium, he has become me.
Nickolas Butler|We think the world is steady, rolling through space beneath our feet, day and night, rain and sunlight. And then, one day, you just fall off the planet and drift away, into outer space, and everything you thought was true all the laws that bound your life before, all the rules and norms that kept things in place, that kept you in place, they're gone. And nothing makes sense anymore. Gravity is gone. Love is gone.
Peter Straub, Brief Lives|Of course, the truth is that no one likes change. People in hell not only refuse to leave it, they invite you in, too. Even people who have blasted the other lives that touched their own blasted lives proudly declare in old age that they would not change a thing -- all that cursing and screaming was their life, by God, and it is not possible to imagine any other. Change introduces unpredictability, uncertainty, a universe of disorder. Right before an amoeba splits in two, it says to itself, uh uh, no way, I ain't gonna do that, nope.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Take a close look at nature and you’ll see that every living creature is wired for mutation and variation. The fact that people can say, “I’m not the same person I used to be,” is the greatest of all miracles.
Benyf, 11.11.11 After so Many Years of Tears: Letters to My Distant Soul-Mate|I wasn’t crying, but my heart was crying. I wasn’t feeling, but my heart was bleeding. Now I am crying, but my heart is healing. I am learning that I know nothing.
DaShanne Stokes|You can flip a coin to change its face, but it remains the same coin.
Sandeep Sahajpal|You are constantly becoming what you have been deserving to be, and if you do not like the scripting, you have all the mens to change it for better.
Danny Stone|Change your language, change your mindset, change your actions, change your life
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|Popular upheaval, political turmoil, industrial progress—any combination of these can cause the evolution of a society to leapfrog generations, sweeping aside aspects of the past that might otherwise have lingered for decades. And this must be especially so, when those with newfound power are men who distrust any form of hesitation or nuance, and who prize self-assurance above all.
Ufuoma Apoki|We see so much bad and evil that we forget there could still be good left, somewhere. If you think you deserve to be treated well, it’s a sign that there still so much good left. People only treat us as best as their ability allows them; if you deserve more, try as much as you can to treat them better.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|Change is constant, but no amount of change will turn the attitude of vulture to that of eagle.
Kevin Crossley-Holland, Heartsong|Everything, I thought, everything keeps changing. Changing shape, changing colour, changing sound.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|The natural world is built upon common motifs and patterns. Recognizing patterns in nature creates a map for locating yourself in change, and anticipation what is yet to come.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Shame often causes me to hide my mistakes from others. But really, when I make a mistake, I should make it loud and clear, so I can see that it didn’t work as a strategy, and be able to make a course correction, either by myself or with the help of others.
D.H. Lawrence|The day of the absolute is over, and we're in for the strange gods once more
K. Weikel, Building Monsters|I'm changing and I'm terrified of how weak I feel, how vulnerable my flesh and soul has become because of this girl.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Change moves incrementally from breath to breath and moment to moment, allowing for course-correction along the way.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Separation from the community creates isolation. Isolation is the source of most physical, emotional and spiritual disease.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Everything in my environment is offering me feedback, if I will only listen.
Kayla Krantz, The Council|The way I see it, you can live your life as is, continuing to feel like an underdog, or you can step up. Be someone who matters, and make a change.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Healing is essential for lasting change. ...healing is a transformation, not just a quick fix; a change from an inhibited or impaired state to one of greater health, integration and connection. What was damaged must be soothed, repaired, restored, and given new pathways in which to grow and flourish. In order for change to be thorough, old patterns need to be dissolved, and new, more coherent and refined constructs, formed. In creating coherency in new forms, what has become fragmented or separated, injured or diseased must be made whole again, or perhaps made whole for the first time.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|The more I can accept the fact that change is moving all the time, and that the change I am experiencing right now is just the change of this moment and that this moment will change into the next and the next, the less need I will have to clutch in fear.
Sunday Adelaja|We can only change life in the country and radically reform society by having God’s wisdom, strength and authority
Sunday Adelaja|Spiritual regeneration is a change on the inside of a person or nation as a a result of coming to Jesus, and a change of value system in his life
Sunday Adelaja|Until we realize that we are the children of the Almighty God and start acting like His representatives on the earth, nothing will change in our country
Sunday Adelaja|Without having any relationship with God, we will not change anything in our world
Sunday Adelaja|The time has come for every Christian to change his position, to change the dimensions of his vision
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Emotions have their own movement. They move like waves: huge tsunami waves, choppy rapids, or long slow tides. The best way I know to work with emotion, especially strong and difficult emotion is to let it move like a wave, allow it to complete its movement and, eventually, to leave. If the movement gets held back, if it gets trapped and stagnates, or an inner turbulence stirs, the unexpressed emotion and grief can turn into physical illness, fatigue, depression, anxiety, or other displaced emotion.
Sunday Adelaja|A person or nation begins to live and act according to the word of God, as a result of change in the value system and therefore life around them changes
Sunday Adelaja|A person or nation begins to live and act according to the word of God, as a result of change in the value system and therefore life around them changes.
Sunday Adelaja|Christians have a real chance to change the society that is I darkness, to help every person see the light of God’s love
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|In order to be effective, be responsive. In order to be responsive, listen.
Lindy West, Shrill: Notes from a Loud Woman|Real change is slow, hard, and imperceptible.
Armin Houman|I can´t change my past, or predict my future. But i can shape my present.
Natasha Tsakos|Let’s create positive change on this planet; With either: the hyper sophisticated tools we have, or the mobile device we are
Lailah Gifty Akita|Take the chance, change is possible.
Marty Rubin|There is no "the way things are." Every day is different, and you live it differently.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Once you accept your circumstances and decide to take action, you can welcome change. Change is an opportunity to form new habits and become who you are meant to be.
Lisa Berne, The Laird Takes a Bride|Change was coming.Change was coming, and it was good.
Gyan Nagpal|In changing times, question everything you take for granted.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|Whether the changes that are coming in your life will be unexpected or determined by your choices and actions, the wheels are in motion. The adventure has just begun.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|We give people political labels, sexual labels, and religious labels. But in the process, we strip them of their individuality and complexity. Prejudice is pre-judging. It's assuming that bad stories end badly, but Jesus is in the business of turning bad beginnings into happily ever afters....God cannot give up on you. It's not in His nature. His goodness and mercy will follow you all the days of your life. All you have to do is turn around. All you have to do is crash the party!
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|The spiritual tipping point is when the pain of staying the same becomes greater than the pain of change. Sadly, too many of us get comfortable with comfort. We follow Christ to the point of inconvenience, but no further. That's when we need a prophet to walk into our lives, throw a mantle around our shoulders, and wake us up to a new possibility, a new reality. We need a prophet to boldly confront Plan B and call us back to Plan A.
Jeanne Meyerowitz|In the late nineteenth century women lodgers, alone in the city, epitomized the purity of endangered woman-hood; in the early twentieth century the same women were among the first "respectable" women broadcast as happy sexual objects.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If mediocrity is your benchmark, you always sit on the bench!
Erik Pevernagie|Without a clear-cut vision and a proper reading of the roadmap we may not reach the buoyant shores of the horizon. If we only keep looking into the middle distance, we might easily walk straight into the wall. ("Change of Vision")
C. JoyBell C.|Life begins when we get tired of our own bullshit. We must all get bloody tired of our own bullshit, in order for our lives to begin.
Joseph Campbell, Sukhavati|We're in a free fall into the future. We don't know where we're going. Things are changing so fast. And always when you're going through a long tunnel, anxiety comes along. But all you have to do to transform your hell into a paradise is to turn your fall into a voluntary act. It's a very interesting shift of perspective . . . Joyfully participate in the sorrows of the world and everything changes.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Change is a difficult process. It can truly take place in an environment of support, structure, and sacrifice. Support comes from asking for help, seeking professional coaching, and surrounding yourself with the right people. Structure requires accountability, a follow-up system, and action. Sacrifice requires paying the price and getting out of your comfort zone but staying in your strength zone.
Isabella Poretsis|If you don't like something don't protest from a far. Work within it to change it. Otherwise, you'll just be one voice of many rather than a trusted voice of influence.
C. JoyBell C.|Who we are is who we ACTUALLY are. It's never who we create in order for people to see. You might really hate who you actually are, so then you create a sub-genus type of yourself for other people to see. But that never changes who you are. The sub-genus type won't change your genus. The only way we change who we are is by looking at ourselves in the mirror long enough to make us vomit over our disgusting waywardness and long enough to fall in love with our strengths. But you can't just fall in love with your strengths. You also need to vomit over your hypocrisies and all of your other bullshit. And you can't just vomit, either. You also have to clean it up and embrace yourself afterwards. This is how you change your genus.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Humans are funny. The more someone doesn’t want someone, the more that someone wants that someone. The time came when she started pulling away. She had developed a tendency to focus on the things that she didn’t respect in him and eventually that’s all she saw.
Ross  Turner, Midnight|Wherever man did not settle, the world was not owned.It was not wanted.In time of course this was bound to change, for there is never enough it seems.
Ari Berk & Carolyn Dunn, Coyote Speaks: Wonders of the Native American World|When a person sets out upon a journey - whether to hunt for food or knowledge, to make war, or even to visit the Otherworld - they are never the same when they return. Traveling changes us. Journeys shapes our memories and expand our experiences. Those things we bring back from the hunt - either food or knowledge - sustain us and keep us curious about the world. Think of your own travels and adventures out upon the land or in foreign countries: What wonderful stories do you have to tell? What experiences have you "hunted" or sought on your travels? What have you learned from the land? The stories told about journeys are as important (perhaps more important) than the destination. The journey lasts for only a fixed time, but the stories told of it, the wisdom brought back, can keep traveling forever, keep living, even after the tellers have traveled on.
Duane Hewitt|If ever we find the truth to be offensive, then we must be prepared to change what is true.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|People have the notion of saving the world by shifting things around, changing the rules, and who’s on top, and so forth. No, no! Any world is a valid world if it’s alive. The thing to do is to bring life to it, and the only way to do that is to find in your own case where the life is and become alive yourself.
Jeffrey Fry|Excellence does not come from believing in excellence, but from constant change, challenge, and improvement.
Anthony Liccione|She knows her timing, always knows. The time to strike or the time to starve. Her eyes as a clock, she watches she waits she learns, and in the second she blinks, she changes her mind just like that.
Alex George, Setting Free the Kites|Sometimes life-changing moments slip by unnoticed, their significance only becoming apparent in the light of subsequent events.
Vironika Tugaleva|The most profound personal growth does not happen while reading a book or meditating on a mat. It happens in the throes of conflict—when you are angry, afraid, frustrated. It happens when you are doing the same old thing and you suddenly realize that you have a choice.
Kamand Kojouri|The guilt you felt when you were smiling and others were suffering, the guilt you felt when you were petty with friends and impatient with your parents, when you were rude to your teachers and didn’t stand up for strangers, that guilt is marvellous. It proves that you are human, that you want to be better. Thank this guilt for teaching you, for making you aware. And now endeavour to better yourself. It is a lifelong work to become the person we want to be.
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|But if we do not like the person we have learned to be, should we just sit in front of our fufu, doing nothing? I think, James, that maybe it is possible to make a new way.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|As long as [man] does not convert it into action, it does not matter how much he thinks about this new repentance... Wallow in it... Write a book about it; that is often an excellent way of sterilising the seeds which [Heavenly Father] plants in a human soul... Do anything but act. No amount of piety in his imagination and affections will harm [the cause of evil] if [it is kept] out of his will... The more often he feels without acting, the less he will ever be able to act, and, in the long run, the less he will be able to feel.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Your thought determines your mood and to a great extent, your mood determines your thought, though sometimes it is hard to determine someone’s thought by the mood of the person! When the mind changes, something changes! When the mind changes, the face changes! Change your mind and see!
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Or we'll go that way. Or we'll walk on the highways now, and we'll have time to putthings into ourselves. And some day, after it sets in us a long time, it'll come out ofour hands and our mouths. And a lot of it will be wrong, but just enough of it will beright. We'll just start walking today and see the world and the way the world walksaround and talks, the way it really looks. I want to see everything now. And whilenone of it will be me when it goes in, after a while it'll all gather together inside and it'llbe me. Look at the world out there, my God, my God, look at it out there, outside me,out there beyond my face and the only way to really touch it is to put it where it'sfinally me, where it's in the blood, where it pumps around a thousand times tenthousand a day. I get hold of it so it'll never run off. I'll hold on to the world tight someday. I've got one finger on it now; that's a beginning.
David Levithan, The Twelve Days of Dash and Lily|But I don't like it, okay? I don't like how everything is changing. It's like when you're a kid, you think that things like the holidays are meant to show you how things always stay the same, how you have the same celebration year after year, and that's why it's so special. But the older you get, the more you realize that, yes, there are all these things that link you to the past, and you're using the same words and singing the same songs that have always been there for you, but each time, things have shifted, and you have to deal with that shift. Because maybe you don't notice it every single day. Maybe it's only on days like today that you notice it a lot. And I know I'm supposed to be able to deal with that, but I'm not sure I can deal with that.--David Levithan (p. 201 in galley)
Kim Stanley Robinson, The Years of Rice and Salt|Nothing was ever normal again.Many lives change like that -- all of a sudden, and forever.
Unknown|If elections could change anything, they would have already made them forbidden.
Philip Yancey, What's So Amazing About Grace?|Change came from below, as it usually does, rather than being imposed from above.
Gift Gugu Mona|Since we aim for a healthy life for all, we should teach young girls that their worth can't be validated by dating older rich men, because that is risky for their health. Until we change certain perceptions in society, we will keep fighting the same battles.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Your thought determines your mood and to a great extent, your mood determines your thought, though sometimes it is hard to determine someone’s thought by the mood of the person! When the mind changes, something change! When the mind changes, the face changes! Change your mind and see!
Kim Holden, So Much More|the person you’ve always wanted to be. Some days your heart will be in it, and some days you’ll fake it, but eventually it will become a habit and without thinking about it, you will be changed anew. A new attitude. A new outlook. A new perspective. The human mind is a wonderful thing to grant us that kind of change.
Andrew Wommack, A Better Way to Pray|As you spend time with the King of kings and the Lord of lords, His attitude becomes your attitude.
Paul Gibbons, Reboot Your Career: A Blueprint for Finding Your Calling, Marketing Yourself, and Landing Great Gigs|Change is the part of the very definition of life. The world changes, and flourishing demands constant growth and life-long learning.
Farshad Asl|You only can get out of your challenges by changing yourself. Change comes from within...A greater passion, a greater commitment and a greater life. You can begin today.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Face your fears by remembering the power of God's cleaning truth. To change the way you are, change the way you think.
Chuck Wendig, Invasive|We’re here to change the world, not participate in its tedium.
C.M. Stunich, Bad Nanny|It means something, but it doesn't change anything.
Andrew Wommack, A Better Way to Pray|Eternal life truly begins the moment you’re born again. It’s a present tense—not future tense—reality. If you’re a believer, eternal life is now!
Samuel Johnson|Our minds, like our bodies, are in continual flux; something is hourly lost, and something acquired.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|If we understand how the brain works, we can understand how to work it.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Enlightenment – whether defined as spiritual awakening, liberation, or other form of illumination and attentiveness – requires inner transformation brokered by study of our limitations and application of a welcoming spirit of conscious appreciation. Self-knowledge commences by looking for the sacred light of awareness essential to spawn profound change in a person’s character.
John Corey Whaley, Noggin|That's the thing. You come back and you expect everyone to be just the way they were when you left. But it's not that easy, okay? You can't just force us all to be how you liked us.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|When you compare yourself against someone else, you always lose.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|When we look at things differently, things look different.
Auliq-Ice|We cannot properly defend and protect ourselves without confidence. Confidence is vital, we must learn that confidence in life matters a lot.
Mariana Zapata, Wait for It|All I could think about as I stood there was that sometimes life gave you a tragedy that burned everything you knew to the ground and changed you completely. But somehow, if you really wanted to, you could learn how to hold your breath as you made your way through the smoke left in its wake and you could keep going. And sometimes, sometimes, you could grow something beautiful from the ashes that were left behind. If you were lucky.
Bill Maher|I'm always amazed at the human capacity to not make fundamental changes, but instead merely adapt. I see these pictures of people in Beijing and New Delhi, walking around with masks on, because you can't walk outside your house and breathe? If you can't breathe?…If that's not the cue to make a fundamental change, I don't know what is!
Agatha Christie, Hercule Poirot's Christmas|I am pointing to you that under these conditions--mental strain, physical malaise--it is highly probable that dislikes that were before merely mild and disagreements that were trivial might suddenly assume a more serious note. The result of pretending to be a more amiable, a more forgiving, a more high-minded person than one really is, has sooner or later the effect of causing one to behave as a more disagreeable, a more ruthless and an altogether more unpleasant person than is actually the case! If you dam the stream of natural behavior, mon ami, sooner or later the dam bursts and cataclysm occurs.
Leo Tolstoy, What Is Art?|I know that most men—not only those considered clever, but even those who are very clever, and capable of understanding most difficult scientific, mathematical, or philosophic problems—can very seldom discern even the simplest and most obvious truth if it be such as to oblige them to admit the falsity of conclusions they have formed, perhaps with much difficulty—conclusions of which they are proud, which they have taught to others, and on which they have built their lives.
Bhoopal M|Piece makes Peace , Pain makes Paint, A Word create World. "The One person can change you, Maybe ubiquitous r inconspicuous.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|An exceptional future can only be built on the transformation of the mess I’ve made, not the elimination of it.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|For him, too, starting over, departures, a new life had a certain luster, but he knew that only the impotent and the lazy attach happiness to such things. Happiness implied a choice, and within that choice a concerted will, a lucid desire. He could hear Zagreus: "Not the will to renounce, but the will to happiness.
Steve Maraboli|Don’t ask me to apologize for holding up a mirror. If you don’t like what it’s reflecting, take accountability and change it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Don’t ever rule out the option of U-turn in your life, because one day you will need it! The moment you realize that you are going to the wrong direction, turn to the right direction instantly, with a beautiful U-turn!
Annie Morecambe|If you truly love who you are, travel through this life with conviction, spread joy to others, embrace changes as they happen, then you will find balance in your life.
Sandesh limbu|Respect, love, Trust; Every such things works both ways. If yeu want someone to respect yeu, yeu must respect that someone too.
Sandesh limbu|We ,human beings, are strong because we are capable of change
Chanda Kaushik|The more you resist change, the more it will be painful for you to accept it.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|... Weber insists that one should not give up or lose faith in the face of this struggle. Indeed, he calls for us to engage in, rather than withdraw from, the problems of this world. He reminds us, for example, that while 'successful political action is always the "art of the possible" ... the possible is often reached only by striving to attain the impossible that lies beyond it'.
Lewis Hyde, Trickster Makes This World: Mischief, Myth, and Art|There is no way to suppress change…not even in heaven; there is only a choice between a way of living which allows constant, if gradual alterations and a way of living that combines great control and cataclysmic upheavals. Those who panic and bind the trickster choose the latter path. It would be better to learn to play with him, better especially to develop skills (cultural, spiritual, artistic) that allow some commerce with accident, and some acceptance of the changes that contingency will always engender.
Sandesh Hukpachongbang|Respect, love, trust; Every such thing works both ways.If yeu want someone to respect yeu, yeu must respect that someone too.
Deyth Banger, The Life of One Kid 1|I don't feel good anymore with this skin... probably a new title... a new chapter.. something new will be more okay than that... to much honesty... I am not on this... After all if you don't know this fact, I am going to point it to you... Marriage is successful if it's build on a lie...
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|[Concerning postmodernism:] The aim of this experimental history is to disturb the ontological security of modern identity and hence to provoke the possibility of otherness through exposition of the cultural difference concealed by, and within, the order of modern rationalism.
Sandesh Hukpachongbang|We, human beings , are strong because we are capable of change .
Anthony Liccione|Don't be in temper, to leave so quickly, that I may be dying. But all too soon, the leaves and debris will gather elsewhere.
Marty Rubin|You can't judge the present by the past. Each day is different, and you live it differently.
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|The experience was like running into someone you hadn't seen since middle school - you recognize them, but what you really notice is the ways they've changed. They don't match your memory of how they should look and for a second you're thrown off, because your memory of them IS them.
Martina Boone, Illusion|The hardest part of changing things is knowing how much needs changing,
Rana Dasgupta, Solo|Reality is never clear, said Boris. It's never final. You can always change it or see it a different way.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|You never know what will last."He said that earlier, about accidents, about never knowing which one is just a kink in the road and which one is a fork, about never knowing your life is changing until it's already happened."I think sometimes you do know," I say, my voice filling with emotion.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|...that whole day, being with Willem, being Lulu, it made me realize that all my life I've been living in a small, square room, with no windows and no doors. And I was fine. I was happy, even. I thought. Then someone came along and showed me there was a door in the room. One that I'd never even seen before. Then he opened it for me. Held my hand as I walked through it. And for one perfect day, I was on the other side. I was somewhere else. Someone else. And then he was gone, and I was thrown back into my little room. And now, no matter what I do, I can't seem to find that door.
Roshan Sharma|Life is not about changing the external circumstances, to please your internal world, rather life is to change your internal circumstances so that you can accept, whatever takes place in the external world.
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|A living culture is a progressive culture. It not only allows change, but actively encourages it.
Roshan Sharma|The more you remain aware with all the internal and external changes of life, more you allow yourself to move deeper towards the source.
Nadia Hashimi, When the Moon is Low|An entire lifetime can change in one afternoon. The rest of the world can continue on, unaware of a quiet, solitary cataclysm occurring a few feet away.
Khali Raymond|In life, you got two objectives. Make money and make a change.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|We might not return from this voyage. None of us. We might all lay down our lives when we reach the end, and not ever know whether our sacrifice changed anything for the better.”“It will be for the better,” Magiano replies. “We cannot just die, not without trying. Not without fighting.”“Do you really believe that?” I ask. “Why are we doing this, anyway? To preserve my own life, and yours—but what has the world ever done for us in order to deserve our sacrifice?”Magiano’s brows furrow for a moment, then he leans in closer. “We exist because this world exists. It’s a responsibility of ours, whether or not anyone will remember it.” He nods at me. “And they will. Because we will return and make sure of it.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Wisdom in the workplace means to inspire creativity, learning, and progression, but discourage unprofessionalism and negativity.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Innovation is the change, Change Management needs to be an integral part of innovation management.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|The “result” of micromanagement is perhaps tangible in the short run, but more often causes damage for the long term.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|To think critically, it is first maturing and distancing a bit from self, no matter what level one lives on Maslow’s hierarchy of needs.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|To clear the path, whether that be the elimination of obstacles, closing the blind spots, or to provide guidance, so that the business as a whole can take a digital leap and unleash its full potential.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Be humble, desire insight, squash arrogance, and be cognizance of unknown.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Whatever the measurement system is, it needs to be consistent, repeatable and as unbiased as possible.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|When you're ready to live as the victor and not the victim, you have to change the language that you give to yourself and then you have to change the conversation that you give to others. Words matter.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|If you make change part of your operation routine and your DNA, and then change becomes easier to deal with, and even become an ongoing core business capability.
