Ellie Wiesel|And then, there was no longer any reason for me to fast. I no longer accepted God's silence. As I swallowed my ration of soup, I turned that act into a symbol of rebellion, of protest against Him. And I nibbled on my crust of bread. Deep inside me, I felt a great void opening.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|The only measure of judging a human being is through that person’s character, because character is not determined by race, religion, gender or social status. And one who recognizes this simple fact of human life behaves the same with the scientist, the janitor and the sex-worker.
John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton, Lectures on the French Revolution|The theory of the relations between states and churches is bound up with the theory of Toleratio, and on that suject the eighteenth century scarcely rose above an intermittend, embarrassed, and unscientific view. For religious liberty is composed of the properties both of religion and of liberty, and one of its factors never became an object of disinterested observation among actual leaders of opinion. They preferred the argument of doubt to the argument of certitude, and sought to defeat intolerance by casting out revelation as they had defeated the persecution of witches by casting out the devil. There remained a flaw in their liberalism, for liberty apart from belief is liberty with a good deal of the substance taken out of it. The problem is less complicated and the solution less radical and less profound.
Maya Angelou|I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.
L. Frank Baum, The Lost Princess of Oz|No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire.
Daniel J. Boorstin|The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Jace?""Yeah?""How did you know I had Shadowhunter blood? Was there some way you could tell?"The elevator arrived with a final groan. Jace unlatched the gate and slid it open. The inside reminded Clary of a birdcage, all black metal and decorative bits of gilt. "I guessed," he said, latching the door behind them. "It seemed like the most likely explanation.""You guessed? You must have been pretty sure, considering you could have killed me."He pressed a button in the wall, and the elevator lurched into action with a vibrating groan that she felt all through the bones in her feet. "I was ninety percent sure.""I see," Clary said.There must have been something in her voice, because he turned to look at her. Her hand cracked across his face, a slap that rocked him back on his heels. He put a hand to his cheek, more in surprise than pain. "What the hell was that for?"The other ten percent," she said, and they rode the rest of the way down to the street in silence.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|It is the absence of facts that frightens people: the gap you open, into which they pour their fears, fantasies, desires.
Isaac Asimov|Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|If you knew what was going to happen, if you knew everything that was going to happen next—if you knew in advance the consequences of your own actions—you'd be doomed. You'd be ruined as God. You'd be a stone. You'd never eat or drink or laugh or get out of bed in the morning. You'd never love anyone, ever again. You'd never dare to.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before.
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|I do not pretend to be able to prove that there is no God. I equally cannot prove that Satan is a fiction. The Christian god may exist; so may the gods of Olympus, or of ancient Egypt, or of Babylon. But no one of these hypotheses is more probable than any other: they lie outside the region of even probable knowledge, and therefore there is no reason to consider any of them.
Albert Einstein|Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social enviroment. Most people are incapable of forming such opinions.", 1953)
Ronald E. Osborn|Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
Janet Fitch|Remember it all, every insult, every tear. Tattoo it on the inside of your mind. In life, knowledge of poisons is essential. I've told you, nobody becomes an artist unless they have to.
Charles Darwin, The Descent of Man|Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
Anonymous, Popol Vuh|The first men to be created and formed were called the Sorcerer of Fatal Laughter, the Sorcerer of Night, Unkempt, and the Black Sorcerer … They were endowed with intelligence, they succeeded in knowing all that there is in the world. When they looked, instantly they saw all that is around them, and they contemplated in turn the arc of heaven and the round face of the earth … [Then the Creator said]: 'They know all … what shall we do with them now? Let their sight reach only to that which is near; let them see only a little of the face of the earth!… Are they not by nature simple creatures of our making? Must they also be gods?
Jane Austen|A woman, especially if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Remember my friend, that knowledge is stronger than memory, and we should not trust the weaker
Corrie ten Boom, The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom|And so seated next to my father in the train compartment, I suddenly asked, "Father, what is sexsin?"He turned to look at me, as he always did when answering a question, but to my surprise he said nothing. At last he stood up, lifted his traveling case off the floor and set it on the floor.Will you carry it off the train, Corrie?" he said.I stood up and tugged at it. It was crammed with the watches and spare parts he had purchased that morning.It's too heavy," I said.Yes," he said, "and it would be a pretty poor father who would ask his little girl to carry such a load. It's the same way, Corrie, with knowledge. Some knowledge is too heavy for children. When you are older and stronger, you can bear it. For now you must trust me to carry it for you.
Yukio Mishima, The Temple of the Golden Pavilion|What transforms this world is — knowledge. Do you see what I mean? Nothing else can change anything in this world. Knowledge alone is capable of transforming the world, while at the same time leaving it exactly as it is. When you look at the world with knowledge, you realize that things are unchangeable and at the same time are constantly being transformed.
Lao Tzu|Knowledge is a treasure, but practice is the key to it.
Isaac Asimov|...We now know the basic rules governing the universe, together with the gravitational interrelationships of its gross components, as shown in the theory of relativity worked out between 1905 and 1916. We also know the basic rules governing the subatomic particles and their interrelationships, since these are very neatly described by the quantum theory worked out between 1900 and 1930. What's more, we have found that the galaxies and clusters of galaxies are the basic units of the physical universe, as discovered between 1920 and 1930....The young specialist in English Lit, having quoted me, went on to lecture me severely on the fact that in every century people have thought they understood the universe at last, and in every century they were proved to be wrong. It follows that the one thing we can say about our modern 'knowledge' is that it is wrong...My answer to him was, when people thought the Earth was flat, they were wrong. When people thought the Earth was spherical they were wrong. But if you think that thinking the Earth is spherical is just as wrong as thinking the Earth is flat, then your view is wronger than both of them put together.The basic trouble, you see, is that people think that 'right' and 'wrong' are absolute; that everything that isn't perfectly and completely right is totally and equally wrong.However, I don't think that's so. It seems to me that right and wrong are fuzzy concepts, and I will devote this essay to an explanation of why I think so.When my friend the English literature expert tells me that in every century scientists think they have worked out the universe and are always wrong, what I want to know is how wrong are they? Are they always wrong to the same degree?
Plato, The Republic|Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam|When you reach the end of what you should know, you will be at the beginning of what you should sense.
John  Adams, The Works Of John Adams, Second President Of The United States|Let us tenderly and kindly cherish therefore, the means of knowledge. Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write .
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|Then why do you want to know?""Because learning does not consist only of knowing what we must or we can do, but also of knowing what we could do and perhaps should not do.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Circus of the Damned|He was twenty. I remembered twenty. I'd known everything at twenty. It took me another year to realize I knew nothing. I was still hoping to learn something before I hit thirty, but I wasn't holding my breath.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|I have always thirsted for knowledge, I have always been full of questions.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Do not repeat after me words that you do not understand. Do not merely put on a mask of my ideas, for it will be an illusion and you will thereby deceive yourself.
Edward Said|All knowledge that is about human society, and not about the natural world, is historical knowledge, and therefore rests upon judgment and interpretation. This is not to say that facts or data are nonexistent, but that facts get their importance from what is made of them in interpretation… for interpretations depend very much on who the interpreter is, who he or she is addressing, what his or her purpose is, at what historical moment the interpretation takes place.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|The size and age of the Cosmos are beyond ordinary human understanding. Lost somewhere between immensity and eternity is our tiny planetary home. In a cosmic perspective, most human concerns seem insignificant, even petty. And yet our species is young and curious and brave and shows much promise. In the last few millennia we have made the most astonishing and unexpected discoveries about the Cosmos and our place within it, explorations that are exhilarating to consider. They remind us that humans have evolved to wonder, that understanding is a joy, that knowledge is prerequisite to survival. I believe our future depends on how well we know this Cosmos in which we float like a mote of dust in the morning sky.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Knowledge grows exponentially. The more we know, the greater our ability to learn, and the faster we expand our knowledge base.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|You differ from a great man in only one respect: the great man was once a very little man, but he developed one important quality: he recognized the smallness and narrowness of his thoughts and actions. Under the pressure of some task that meant a great deal to him, he learned to see how his smallness, his pettiness endangered his happiness. In other words, a great man knows when and in what way he is a little man. A little man does not know he is little and is afraid to know. He hides his pettiness and narrowness behind illusions of strength and greatness, someone else's strength and greatness. He's proud of his great generals but not of himself. He admires an idea he has not had, not one he has had. The less he understands something, the more firmly he believes in it. And the better he understands an idea, the less he believes in it.
Ezra Pound|Properly, we should read for power. Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand.
Arthur Conan Doyle, A Study in Scarlet|Dr. Watson's summary list of Sherlock Holmes's strengths and weaknesses:"1. Knowledge of Literature: Nil.2. Knowledge of Philosophy: Nil.3. Knowledge of Astronomy: Nil.4. Knowledge of Politics: Feeble.5. Knowledge of Botany: Variable. Well up in belladonna, opium, and poisons generally. Knows nothing of practical gardening.6. Knowledge of Geology: Practical but limited. Tells at a glance different soils from each other. After walks has shown me splashes upon his trousers, and told me by their colour and consistence in what part of London he had received them.7. Knowledge of Chemistry: Profound.8. Knowledge of Anatomy: Accurate but unsystematic.9. Knowledge of Sensational Literature: Immense. He appears to know every detail of every horror perpetrated in the century.10. Plays the violin well.11. Is an expert singlestick player, boxer, and swordsman.12. Has a good practical knowledge of British law.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Philosophical Investigations|The problems are solved, not by giving new information, but by arranging what we have known since long.
Clarence Darrow|I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure — that is all that agnosticism means.
Ian McEwan|No one knows anything, really. It's all rented, or borrowed.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Valuing knowledge above all else results in a lust for power, and that leads men into dark and empty places.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|She was heartily ashamed of her ignorance - a misplaced shame. Where people wish to attach, they should always be ignorant. To come with a well−informed mind is to come with an inability of administering to the vanity of others, which a sensible person would always wish to avoid. A woman especially, if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Habit is the intersection of knowledge (what to do), skill (how to do), and desire (want to do).
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, Indomitable Spirit|When learning is purposeful, creativity blossoms. When creativity blossoms, thinking emanates. When thinking emanates, knowledge is fully lit. When knowledge is lit, economy flourishes.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Knowledge is a tool, and like all tools, its impact is in the hands of the user.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|The true birthplace is that wherein for the first time one looks intelligently upon oneself; my first homelands have been books, and to a lesser degree schools.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|They trespassed upon my thoughts. They were intruders whose knowledge of life was to me an irritating pretense, because I felt so sure they could not possibly know the things I knew. Their bearing, which was simply the bearing of commonplace individuals going about their business in the assurance of perfect safety, was offensive to me like the outrageous flauntings of folly in the face of a danger it is unable to comprehend. I had no particular desire to enlighten them, but I had some difficulty in restraining myself from laughing in their faces, so full of stupid importance.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|....a good book can teach you about the world and about yourself. You learn more than how to read better; you also learn more about life. You become wiser. Not just more knowledgeable - books that provide nothing but information can produce that result. But wiser, in the sense that you are more deeply aware of the great and enduring truths of human life.
Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules|Words define us,' Mom continued, as I struggled to make my clumsy marks look like her elegant script. 'We must protect our knowledge and pass it on whenever we can. If we are ever to become a society again, we must teach others how to remain human.
Bill Bullard|Opinion is really the lowest form of human knowledge. It requires no accountability, no understanding. The highest form of knowledge… is empathy, for it requires us to suspend our egos and live in another’s world. It requires profound purpose larger than the self kind of understanding.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays Including Essays, First & Second Series, English Traits, Nature & Considerations by the Way|We are students of words: we are shut up in schools, and colleges, and recitation -rooms, for ten or fifteen years, and come out at last with a bag of wind, a memory of words, and do not know a thing.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become.
Richard Feynman|We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on.
Anton Chekhov|These people have learned not from books, but in the fields, in the wood, on the river bank. Their teachers have been the birds themselves, when they sang to them, the sun when it left a glow of crimson behind it at setting, the very trees, and wild herbs.
Samuel Johnson, The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia|Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|His priority did not seem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them that nothing, not even... knowledge, was foolproof.
Ramakrishna, Sayings of Sri Ramakrishna|Only two kinds of people can attain self-knowledge: those who are not encumbered at all with learning, that is to say, whose minds are not over-crowded with thoughts borrowed from others; and those who, after studying all the scriptures and sciences, have come to realise that they know nothing.
Hippocrates|People think that epilepsy is divine simply because they don't have any idea what causes epilepsy. But I believe that someday we will understand what causes epilepsy, and at that moment, we will cease to believe that it's divine. And so it is with everything in the universe
Osho, The Book of Secrets|Only a blind man can easily define what light is. When you do not know, you are bold. Ignorance is always bold; knowledge hesitates. And the more you know, the more you feel that the ground underneath is dissolving. The more you know, the more you feel how ignorant you are.
Timothy Leary, Chaos & Cyber Culture|And a new philosophy emerged called quantum physics, which suggest that the individual’s function is to inform and be informed. You really exist only when you’re in a field sharing and exchanging information. You create the realities you inhabit.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Learn to distinguish the difference between errors of knowledge and breaches of morality. An error of knowledge is not a moral flaw, provided you are willing to correct it; only a mystic would judge human beings by the standard of an impossible, automatic omniscience. But a breach of morality is the conscious choice of an action you know to be evil, or a willful evasion of knowledge, a suspension of sight and of thought. That which you do not know, is not a moral charge against you; but that which you refuse to know, is an account of infamy growing in your soul. Make every allowance for errors of knowledge; do not forgive or accept any break of morality.
Hippocrates|There are in fact two things, science and opinion; the former begets knowledge, the latter ignorance.
Voltaire|Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in Eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
Albert Einstein, On Cosmic Religion and Other Opinions and Aphorisms|I believe in intuition and inspiration. Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution. It is, strictly speaking, a real factor in scientific research.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|A teacher who cannot explain any abstract subject to a child does not himself thoroughly understand his subject; if he does not attempt to break down his knowledge to fit the child's mind, he does not understand teaching.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|Anna's eyes soften, and the stubborn tears begin to recede. The way she stands, the way she breathes, I know she wants to come closer. New knowledge fills up the air between us and neither of us wants to breathe it in.
Sophocles, Oedipus Rex|Alas, how terrible is wisdomwhen it brings no profit to the man that's wise!This I knew well, but had forgotten it,else I would not have come here.
Anne Rice, Vittorio, The Vampire|We all suffer under a curse, the curse that we know more than we can endure, and there is nothing, absolutely nothing we can do about the force and the lure of this knowledge.
Richard Dawkins|Science replaces private prejudice with public, verifiable evidence.
Sam Harris|Are you really surprised by the endurance of religion? What ideology is likely to be more durable than one that conforms, at every turn, to our powers of wishful thinking? Hope is easy; knowledge is hard. Science is the one domain in which we human beings make a truly heroic effort to counter our innate biases and wishful thinking. Science is the one endeavor in which we have developed a refined methodology for separating what a person hopes is true from what he has good reason to believe. The methodology isn't perfect, and the history of science is riddled with abject failures of scientific objectivity. But that is just the point-these have been failures of science, discovered and corrected by-what, religion? No, by good science.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|Very few beings really seek knowledge in this world. Mortal or immortal, few really ask. On the contrary, they try to wring from the unknown the answers they have already shaped in their own minds -- justifications, confirmations, forms of consolation without which they can't go on. To really ask is to open the door to the whirlwind. The answer may annihilate the question and the questioner.
Dalai Lama XIV|Peace does not mean an absence of conflicts; differences will always be there. Peace means solving these differences through peaceful means; through dialogue, education, knowledge; and through humane ways.
Nikki Sixx, The Heroin Diaries: A Year In The Life Of A Shattered Rock Star|You know, it's pretty easy reading this book to see why I was angry and confused for all those years. I lived my life being told different stories: some true, some lies and I still don't know which is which. Children are born innocent. At birth we are very much like a new hard drive - no viruses, no bad information, no crap that's been downloaded into it yet. It's what we feed into that hard drive, or in my case "head drive" that starts the corruption of the files.
John Berger, Ways of Seeing|The relation between what we see and what we know is never settled. Each evening we see the sun set. We know that the earth is turning away from it. Yet the knowledge, the explanation, never quite fits the sight.
Garth Nix, Lady Friday|Knowledge, like all things, is best in moderation," intoned the Will. "Knowing everything means you don't need to think, and that is very dangerous.
Christine de Pizan, The Treasure of the City of Ladies|Ah, child and youth, if you knew the bliss which resides in the taste of knowledge, and the evil and ugliness that lies in ignorance, how well you are advised to not complain of the pain and labor of learning.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When walking alone in a jungle of true darkness, there are three things that can show you the way: instinct to survive, the knowledge of navigation, creative imagination. Without them, you are lost.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|Of whom and of what can I say: "I know that"! This heart within me I can feel, and I judge that it exists. This world I can touch, and I likewise judge that it exists. There ends all my knowledge, and the rest is construction. For if I try to seize this self of which I feel sure, if I try to define and to summarize it, it is nothing but water slipping through my fingers. I can sketch one by one all the aspects it is able to assume, all those likewise that have been attributed to it, this upbringing, this origin, this ardor or these silences, this nobility or this vileness. But aspects cannot be added up. This very heart which is mine will forever remain indefinable to me. Between the certainty I have of my existence and the content I try to give to that assurance the gap will never be filled.
Werner Heisenberg|An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his subject, and how to avoid them.
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|If a person holds no ambitions in this world, he suffers unknowingly. If a person holds ambitions, he suffers knowingly, but very slowly.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|You read a book for the story, for each of its words," Gordy said, "and you draw your cartoons for the story, for each of the words and images. And, yeah, you need to take that seriously, but you should also read and draw because really good books and cartoons give you a boner."I was shocked:"Did you just say books should give me a boner?""Yes, I did.""Are you serious?""Yeah... don't you get excited about books?""I don't think that you're supposed to get THAT excited about books.""You should get a boner! You have to get a boner!" Gordy shouted. "Come on!"We ran into the Reardan High School Library."Look at all these books," he said."There aren't that many," I said. It was a small library in a small high school in a small town."There are three thousand four hundred and twelve books here," Gordy said. "I know that because I counted them.""Okay, now you're officially a freak," I said."Yes, it's a small library. It's a tiny one. But if you read one of these books a day, it would still take you almost ten years to finish.""What's your point?""The world, even the smallest parts of it, is filled with things you don't know."Wow. That was a huge idea.Any town, even one as small as Reardan, was a place of mystery. And that meant Wellpinit, the smaller, Indian town, was also a place of mystery."Okay, so it's like each of these books is a mystery. Every book is a mystery. And if you read all of the books ever written, it's like you've read one giant mystery. And no matter how much you learn, you keep on learning so much more you need to learn.""Yes, yes, yes, yes," Gordy said. "Now doesn't that give you a boner?""I am rock hard," I said.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|I know how you feel," I said. "You run into something you totally don't get, and it's scary as hell. But once you learn something about it, it gets easier to handle. Knowledge counters fear. It always has.
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|When you have wisdom that another person knows that he needs, you give it freely. But when the other person doesn't yet know that he needs your wisdom you keep it to yourself. Food only looks good to a hungry man.
Samuel Johnson|Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information on it.
Jay Woodman|When we make judgements we're inevitably acting on limited knowledge, isn't it best to ask if we seek to understand, or simply let them be?
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|If you do not know where you come from, then you don't know where you are, and if you don't know where you are, then you don't know where you're going. And if you don't know where you're going, you're probably going wrong.
T.S. Eliot, Selected Essays|Someone said, 'The dead writers are remote from us because we know so much more than they did.' Precisely, and they are that which we know.
Robert G. Ingersoll|The more a man knows, the more willing he is to learn. The less a man knows, the more positive he is that he knows everything...
Georges Bataille, The Unfinished System of Nonknowledge|I think that knowledge enslaves us, that at the base of all knowledge there is a servility, the acceptation of a way of life wherein each moment has meaning only in relation to another or others that will follow it.
Claudia Gray, A Thousand Pieces of You|I see... the way you're always searching. How much you hate anything fake or phony. How you're older than your years, but still... playful, like a little girl. How you're always looking into people, or wondering what they see when they look back at you. Your eyes. It's all in the eyes.
C.G. Jung|Astrology is assured of recognition from psychology, without further restrictions, because astrology represents the summation of all the psychological knowledge of antiquity.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|Qui plussait, plus se tait. French, you know. The more a man knows, the less he talks.
Bertrand Russell|What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite.
Michael  Jackson|Human knowledge consists not only of libraries of parchment and ink - it is also comprised of the volumes of knowledge that are written on the human heart, chiselled on the human soul, and engraved on the human psyche. 
Robert B. Parker, Mortal Stakes|Yeah. Floyd is his batman."His what?"Batman, like in the British army, each officer had a batman, a personal servant."You spend too much time reading, Spenser. You know more stuff that don't make you money than anybody I know.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|I was hugely impressed... was the ultimate example of a man who knew what he didn't know, was perfectly willing to admit it, and didn't want to leave until he understood. That's heroic to me. I wish every grad student had that attitude.
David Baldacci, The Simple Truth|Depending on the situation, sometimes you can know a person better in ten minutes than someone you have crossed paths with all your life.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When most of the greatest individuals in history were misunderstood and you've spent so much of your own adult life misunderstood, you can't help but believe that the majority of people know very little worth knowing.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|The soil needs the seed and the seed needs the soil. The one only has meaning with the other. It is the same thing with human beings. When male knowledge joins with female transformation, then the great magical union is created, and its name is wisdom. Wisdom means both to know and to transform.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|Because a doubt is not a denial. Doubt is a powerful tool, and it should be applied to history.
Thomas S. Monson|We need learn what we need to learn, know what we need to know, and do what we need to do.
John  Adams, The Letters of John and Abigail Adams|...Turn our thoughts, in the next place, to the characters of learned men. The priesthood have, in all ancient nations, nearly monopolized learning. Read over again all the accounts we have of Hindoos, Chaldeans, Persians, Greeks, Romans, Celts, Teutons, we shall find that priests had all the knowledge, and really governed all mankind. Examine Mahometanism, trace Christianity from its first promulgation; knowledge has been almost exclusively confined to the clergy. And, even since the Reformation, when or where has existed a Protestant or dissenting sect who would tolerate a free inquiry? The blackest billingsgate, the most ungentlemanly insolence, the most yahooish brutality is patiently endured, countenanced, propagated, and applauded. But touch a solemn truth in collision with a dogma of a sect, though capable of the clearest proof, and you will soon find you have disturbed a nest, and the hornets will swarm about your legs and hands, and fly into your face and eyes.]
Dan Barker, Godless: How an Evangelical Preacher Became One of America's Leading Atheists|People are invariably surprised to hear me say I am both an atheist and an agnostic, as if this somehow weakens my certainty. I usually reply with a question like, 'Well, are you a Republican or an American?' The two words serve different concepts and are not mutually exclusive. Agnosticism addresses knowledge; atheism addresses belief. The agnostic says, 'I don't have a knowledge that God exists.' The atheist says, 'I don't have a belief that God exists.' You can say both things at the same time. Some agnostics are atheistic and some are theistic.
Imran Khan|The more you study, the more you know; how less you know.
Robert Liparulo, House of Dark Shadows|Knowledge was like candy: you never turned it down, especially if you didn't have to work too hard to get it.
Steven Erikson, Midnight Tides|Chaos needs no allies, for it dwells like a poison in every one of us.
Jaree Francis|Sometimes you're not ready to give the world quite what it wants. And that's okay, because the Earth is generously patient.
Jenny Offill, Dept. of Speculation|A few nights later, I secretly hope that I might be a genius. Why else can no amount of sleeping pills fell my brain? But in the morning my daughter asks me what a cloud is and I cannot say.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Detachment is not the absence of emotion, it is the process of becoming one with the Oneness that is the Universe. To be detached, is to realize that the fullness of all there is, is too much to react to with just one emotion, one thought, or any bias. To be detached, is to acknowledge all, without owning any of it. To be detached, is to summon forth the whole entirety of understanding, to the fragment that is the void.
Charles Baudelaire|I set out to discover the why of it, and to transform my pleasure into knowledge.
W.E.B. Du Bois, Dusk of Dawn|There is but one coward on earth, and that is the coward that dare not know.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Parents are always more knowledgeable than their children, and children are always smarter than their parents.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations. Books, the oldest and the best, stand naturally and rightfully on the shelves of every cottage. They have no cause of their own to plead, but while they enlighten and sustain the reader his common sense will not refuse them. Their authors are a natural and irresistible aristocracy in every society, and, more than kings or emperors, exert an influence on mankind.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness|No one has free will until they are an adult, and by then the choices that were made for them, have already set them on a course that gives limited freedom in the choices to be made.
Nancy Astor the Viscountess Astor|We women talk too much, but even then we don't tell half what we know.
Leonardo da Vinci|The acquisition of knowledge is always of use to the intellect, because it may thus drive out useless things and retain the good. For nothing can be loved or hated unless it is first known.
Jack Canfield, Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul II|Each day is an adventure in discovering the meaning of life. It is each little thing that you do that day - whether it be spending time with your friends, running in a cross-country meet or just simply staring at the crashing ocean- that holds the key to discovering the meaning of life. I would rather be out enjoying these things than pondering them. We may never really discover the meaning of life, but the knowledge we gain in our quest to discover it is truly more valuable. 
Donald Rumsfeld|Reports that say that something hasn't happened are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are known knowns; there are things we know we know. We also know there are known unknowns; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns- the ones we don't know we don't know.
Dave Eggers, You Shall Know Our Velocity!|How had this happened? Everyone in the world knew more than us, about everything, and this I hated then found hugely comforting.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Those at too great a distance may, I am well are, mistake ignorance for perspective.
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|He felt a spasm of excitement because he knew instinctively who it was, or at least knew who it was he wanted it to be, and once you know what it is you want to be true, instinct is a very useful device for enabling you to know that it is.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|I am blind and limited. I would be a fool think myself wise. And so, not knowing what the universe means, I can only try to be responsible with the knowledge, the strength, and the time given to me. I must be true to my heart.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|It is said there are flowers that bloom only once in a hundred years. Why should there not be some that bloom once in a thousand, in ten thousand years? Perhaps we never know about them simply because this "once in a thousand years" has come today.
Tom Stoppard, Arcadia|If knowledge isn't self-knowledge it isn't doing much, mate. Is the universe expanding? Is it contracting? Is it standing on one leg and singing 'When Father Painted the Parlour'? Leave me out. I can expand my universe without you. 'She walks into beauty, like the night of cloudless climes and starry skies, and all that's best of dark and bright meet in her aspect and her eyes.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach, System of Nature|If the ignorance of nature gave birth to such a variety of gods, the knowledge of this nature is calculated to destroy them.
Muhammad Ali, The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey|My wealth is in my knowledge of self, love, and spirituality.
Aimee Carter, Pawn|But the world is out there, and it understands that the illusion of knowledge and freedom is not the same as the real thing. Eventually it will fade, and there are those who will do whatever it takes to make that happen sooner rather than later.
C.S. Friedman, When True Night Falls|I sold my soul for knowledge of the future, only to have that very pact render me forever ignorant (Gerald Tarrant).
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Knowledge is power, and the right knowledge lets man perform miraculous, almost godlike tasks.
Robert Kirkman, The Walking Dead, Compendium 1|But honestly... I just don't know what anyone's thinking. To me, that's scarier than any half-rotten ghoul trying to eat my flesh.
Paul Auster, The Invention of Solitude|And if Amsterdam was hell, and if hell was a memory, then he realized that perhaps there was some purpose to his being lost. Cut off from everything that was familiar to him, unable to discover even a single point of reference, he saw that his steps, by taking him nowhere, were taking him him nowhere but into himself. He was wandering inside himself, and he was lost. Far from troubling him, this state of being lost because a source of happiness, of exhilaration. He breathed it into his very bones. As if on the brink of some previously hidden knowledge, he breathed it into his very bones and said to himself, almost triumphantly: I am lost.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|The knowledge that he had left me with no intent ever to return had come over me in tiny droplets of realization spread over the years. And each droplet of comprehension brought its own small measure of hurt...He had wished me well in finding my own fate to follow, and I never doubted his sincerity. But it had taken me years to accept that his absence in my life was a deliberate finality, an act he had chosen, a thing completed even as some part of my soul still dangled, waiting for his return.
António R. Damásio, The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the Making of Consciousness|...I sense that stepping into the light is also a powerful metaphor for consciousness, for the birth of the knowing mind, for the simple and yet momentous coming of the sense of self into the world of the mental.
Albert Einstein|As our circle of knowledge expands, so does the circumference of darkness surrounding it.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|Until every soul is freely permitted to investigate every book, and creed, and dogma for itself, the world cannot be free. Mankind will be enslaved until there is mental grandeur enough to allow each man to have his thought and say. This earth will be a paradise when men can, upon all these questions differ, and yet grasp each other's hands as friends. It is amazing to me that a difference of opinion upon subjects that we know nothing with certainty about, should make us hate, persecute, and despise each other. Why a difference of opinion upon predestination, or the trinity, should make people imprison and burn each other seems beyond the comprehension of man; and yet in all countries where Christians have existed, they have destroyed each other to the exact extent of their power. Why should a believer in God hate an atheist? Surely the atheist has not injured God, and surely he is human, capable of joy and pain, and entitled to all the rights of man. Would it not be far better to treat this atheist, at least, as well as he treats us?Christians tell me that they love their enemies, and yet all I ask is—not that they love their enemies, not that they love their friends even, but that they treat those who differ from them, with simple fairness.We do not wish to be forgiven, but we wish Christians to so act that we will not have to forgive them. If all will admit that all have an equal right to think, then the question is forever solved; but as long as organized and powerful churches, pretending to hold the keys of heaven and hell, denounce every person as an outcast and criminal who thinks for himself and denies their authority, the world will be filled with hatred and suffering. To hate man and worship God seems to be the sum of all the creeds.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|For if we're destroyed, the knowledge is dead...We're nothing more than dust jackets for books...so many pages to a person...
Robert Jordan, A Crown of Swords|If you don't know everything, you must go on with what you do know.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Flight of the Eagle|To ask the 'right' question is far more important than to receive the answer. The solution of a problem lies in the understanding of the problem; the answer is not outside the problem, it is in the problem.
Huston Smith, Beyond the Post-Modern Mind: The Place of Meaning in a Global Civilization|The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder.
Gene Wolfe, Shadow & Claw|There is no magic. There is only knowledge, more or less hidden.
Tibor Kalman|Your children will smash your understanding, knowledge and reality. You will be better off. Then they will leave. You'll miss them forever.
Henry David Thoreau, Walking|A truly good book is something as natural, and as unexpectedly and unaccountably fair and perfect, as a wild-flower discovered on the prairies of the West or in the jungles of the East. Genius is a light which makes the darkness visible, like the lightning’s flash, which perchance shatters the temple of knowledge itself--and not a taper lighted at the hearthstone of the race, which pales before the light of common day.
Wilkie Collins, Armadale|The books—the generous friends who met me without suspicion—the merciful masters who never used me ill! The only years of my life that I can look back on with something like pride... Early and late, through the long winter nights and the quiet summer days, I drank at the fountain of knowledge, and never wearied of the draught.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|I had felt the shot coming; I hadn’t realized the bow was loaded with this very quarrel, perfectly calibrated to hit him hardest. What part of me had been studying him, stockpiling knowledge as ammunition?
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|Knowledge is like money: To be of value it must circulate, and in circulating it can increase in quantity and, hopefully, in value.
Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra|What we most love is not what we know, but what knows us and draws us. . . . (78)
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|You may not see it now," said the Princess of Pure Reason, looking knowingly at Milo's puzzled face, "but whatever we learn has a purpose and whatever we do affects everything and everyone else, if even in the tiniest way.
Lisa Cach, Wake Unto Me|Because some information is better than no information. Life does not give you big, simple answers, Caitlyn. It demands patience, focus, and an open, intelligent mind to gather the pieces of a puzzle and fit them together into a coherent whole. Nothing worth knowing is ever easily learned.
John Gardner, Grendel|I know everything, you see,' the old voice wheedled. 'The beginning, the present, the end. Everything. You now, you see the past and the present, like other low creatures: no higher faculties than memory and perception. But dragons, my boy, have a whole different kind of mind.' He stretched his mouth in a kind of smile, no trace of pleasure in it. 'We are from the mountaintop: all time, all space. We see in one instant the passionate vision and the blowout.
A.E. Housman, Selected Prose|The sum of things to be known is inexhaustible, and however long we read, we shall never come to the end of our story-book.", 3 October 1892)
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach, System of Nature|All children are atheists, they have no idea of God.
Michael Michalko|Creativity is paradoxical. To create, a person must have knowledge but forget the knowledge, must see unexpected connections in things but not have a mental disorder, must work hard but spend time doing nothing as information incubates, must create many ideas yet most of them are useless, must look at the same thing as everyone else, yet see something different, must desire success but embrace failure, must be persistent but not stubborn, and must listen to experts but know how to disregard them.", December 6, 2011)]
Robert G. Ingersoll|I admit that reason is a small and feeble flame, a flickering torch by stumblers carried in the star-less night, -- blown and flared by passion's storm, -- and yet, it is the only light. Extinguish that, and nought remains.
Stacey Jay, Of Beast and Beauty|But maybe that isn't possible. Maybe the mind of the majority is always the healthy mind, simply by virtue of its numbers. Maybe it's the definition of madness to believe I'm right and everyone else if wrong, to find my thoughts rational and reasonable when almost the entire world finds them damaged and flawed.
Dave Eggers|Everyone in the life before was cranky, I think, because they just wanted to know.--After I Was Thrown in the River and Before I Drowned
William H. Armstrong|Do you believe that you really have a desire to learn, or would you, had you been left alone from birth, be totally primitive and beastlike in your thoughts and feelings?
Marcel Proust|As long as reading is for us the instigator whose magic keys have opened the door to those dwelling-places deep within us that we would not have known how to enter, its role in our lives is salutary. It becomes dangerous, on the other hand, when, instead of awakening us to the personal life of the mind, reading tends to take its place, when the truth no longer appears to us as an ideal which we can realize only by the intimate progress of our own thought and the efforts of our heart, but as something material, deposited between the leaves of books like a honey fully prepared by others and which we need only take the trouble to reach down from the shelves of libraries and then sample passively in a perfect repose of mind and body.
Ravi Zacharias|To sustain the belief that there is no God, atheism has to demonstrate infinite knowledge, which is tantamount to saying, “I have infinite knowledge that there is no being in existence with infinite knowledge
Neil deGrasse Tyson|I would teach how science works as much as I would teach what science knows. I would assert (given that essentially, everyone will learn to read) that science literacy is the most important kind of literacy they can take into the 21st century. I would undervalue grades based on knowing things and find ways to reward curiosity. In the end, it's the people who are curious who change the world.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|Television, radio, and all the sources of amusement and information that surround us in our daily lives are also artificial props. They can give us the impression that our minds are active, because we are required to react to stimuli from the outside. But the power of those external stimuli to keep us going is limited. They are like drugs. We grow used to them, and we continuously need more and more of them. Eventually, they have little or no effect. Then, if we lack resources within ourselves, we cease to grow intellectually, morally, and spiritually. And we we cease to grow, we begin to die.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|The ability to retain a child's view of the world with at the same time a mature understanding of what it means to retain it, is extremely rare - and a person who has these qualities is likely to be able to contribute something really important to our thinking.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|Was not Hypatia the greatest philosopher of Alexandria, and a true martyr to the old values of learning? She was torn to pieces by a mob of incensed Christians not because she was a woman, but because her learning was so profound, her skills at dialectic so extensive that she reduced all who queried her to embarrassed silence. They could not argue with her, so they murdered her.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Of what a strange nature is knowledge! It clings to a mind when it has once seized on it like a lichen on a rock." - Frankenstein p115
Allan J. Hamilton, Zen Mind, Zen Horse: The Science and Spirituality of Working with Horses|I was drawn to horses as if they were magnets. It was in my blood. I must have inherited from my grandfather a genetic proclivity toward the equine species. Perhaps there's a quirk in the DNA that makes horse people different from everyone else, that instantly divides humanity into those who love horses and the others, who simply don't know.
James A. Michener|Public libraries have been a mainstay of my life. They represent an individual's right to acquire knowledge; they are the sinews that bind civilized societies the world over. Without libraries, I would be a pauper, intellectually and spiritually.
Blaise Pascal|Since we cannot know all there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Everything stated or expressed by man is a note in the margin of a completely erased text. From what's in the note we can extract the gist of what must have been in the text, but there's always a doubt, and the possible meanings are many.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|There is, so I believe, in the essence of everything, something that we cannot call learning. There is, my friend, only a knowledge-that is everywhere, that is Atman, that is in me and you and in every creature, and I am beginning to believe that this knowledge has no worse enemy than the man of knowledge, than learning.
Samuel Johnson|Mankind have a great aversion to intellectual labor; but even supposing knowledge to be easily attainable, more people would be content to be ignorant than would take even a little trouble to acquire it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|We do not learn for the benefit of anyone, we learn to unlearn ignorance.
Christopher Hitchens|The offer of certainty, the offer of complete security, the offer of an impermeable faith that can’t give way, is an offer of something not worth having. I want to live my life taking the risk all the time that I don’t know anything like enough yet; that I haven’t understood enough; that I can’t know enough; that I’m always hungrily operating on the margins of a potentially great harvest of future knowledge and wisdom. I wouldn’t have it any other way.
Moderata Fonte, The Worth of Women: Wherein Is Clearly Revealed Their Nobility and Their Superiority to Men|[I]t was with a good end in mind – that of acquiring the knowledge of good and evil – that Eve allowed herself to be carried away and eat the forbidden fruit. But Adam was not moved by this desire for knowledge, but simply by greed: he ate it because he heard Eve say it tasted good.
Erol Ozan, Talus|Isn’t that wonderful? That feeling of not knowing too much about something… Incomplete information… Endless possibilities… When you don’t know much about something, it’s the most exciting sensation.-Kutsnetz in TALUS
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|First, the avid student must be aware that when the world was young it knew only seven things: water, life and death, salt, night, birds and the length of an hour.
Cuthbert Soup, Another Whole Nother Story|Musicians have always had a better understanding of love than the rest of us. Over the years they have told us that love: is like a rock, is here to stay, is all you need, will find a way, will keep us together, will tear us apart, sucks.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Enough talk, now read!
John Logan, Red|When I was your age, art was a lonely thing: no galleries, no collecting, no critics, no money. We didn't have mentors. We didn't have parents. We were alone. But it was a great time, because we had nothing to lose and a vision to gain.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Advance of Science in the Last Half-Century|From the dawn of exact knowledge to the present day, observation, experiment, and speculation have gone hand in hand; and, whenever science has halted or strayed from the right path, it has been, either because its votaries have been content with mere unverified or unverifiable speculation (and this is the commonest case, because observation and experiment are hard work, while speculation is amusing); or it has been, because the accumulation of details of observation has for a time excluded speculation.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|I am not omniscient, but I know a lot.
Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies|If it were customary to send little girls to school and teach them the same subjects as are taught to boys, they would learn just as fully and would understand the subtleties of all arts and sciences.
John Archibald Wheeler|We live on an island surrounded by a sea of ignorance. As our island of knowledge grows, so does the shore of our ignorance.
Masashi Kishimoto|Everyone lives bound by their own knowledge and awareness. They define that as reality; but knowledge and awareness are vage, and perhaps better called illusions.
Neal Stephenson, Anathem|They knew many things but had no idea why. And strangely this made them more, rather than less, certain that they were right.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|Man wants three things; life, knowledge, and love.
Christiaan Huygens, Oeuvres Completes|I believe that we do not know anything for certain, but everything probably.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|Facts or opinions which are to pass through the hands of so many, to be misconceived by folly in one, and ignorance in another, can hardly have much truth left.
Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam: The Concept of Religion and The Foundation of Ethics and Morality|It is like the thirsty traveller who at first sincerely sought the water of knowledge, but who later, having found it plain perhaps, proceeded to temper his cup with the salt of doubt so that his thirst now becomes insatiable though he drinks incessantly, and that in thus drinking the water that cannot slake his thirst, he has forgotten the original and true purpose for which the water was sought.
Amitav Ghosh, The Shadow Lines|Nobody knows, nobody can ever know, not even in memory, because there are moments in time that are not knowable.
Carl Sagan, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God|I would suggest that science is, at least in my part, informed worship.
Abraham Joshua Heschel, Man Is Not Alone: A Philosophy of Religion|The Search for reason ends at the known; on the immense expanse beyond it only the sense of the ineffable can glide. It alone knows the route to that which is remote from experience and understanding. Neither of them is amphibious: reason cannot go beyond the shore, and the sense of the ineffable is out of place where we measure, where we weigh. We do not leave the shore of the known in search of adventure or suspense or because of the failure of reason to answer our questions. We sail because our mind is like a fantastic seashell, and when applying our ear to its lips we hear a perpetual murmur from the waves beyond the shore. Citizens of two realms, we all must sustain a dual allegiance: we sense the ineffable in one realm, we name and exploit reality in another. Between the two we set up a system of references, but we can never fill the gap. They are as far and as close to each other as time and calendar, as violin and melody, as life and what lies beyond the last breath.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|In order to survive, a plurality of true communities would require not egalitarianism and tolerance but knowledge, an understanding of the necessity of local differences, and respect. Respect, I think, always implies imagination - the ability to see one another, across our inevitable differences, as living souls. (pg. 181, Sex, Economy, Freedom, and Community)
Villiers de L'Isle-Adam|I am a man who knows nothing, guesses sometimes, finds frequently and who's always amazed.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms|As the biggest library if it is in disorder is not as useful as a small but well-arranged one, so you may accumulate a vast amount of knowledge but it will be of far less value to you than a much smaller amount if you have not thought it over for yourself; because only through ordering what you know by comparing every truth with every other truth can you take complete possession of your knowledge and get it into your power.
Tom Stoppard, The Invention of Love|It's where we're nearest to our humanness. Useless knowledge for its own sake. Useful knowledge is good, too, but it's for the faint-hearted, an elaboration of the real thing, which is only to shine some light, it doesn't matter where on what, it's the light itself, against the darkness, it's what's left of God's purpose when you take away God.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|The meditative mind sees disagreeable or agreeable things with equanimity, patience, and good-will. Transcendent knowledge is seeing reality in utter simplicity. (146)
Tom Stoppard|Real data is messy. ...It's all very noisy out there. Very hard to spot the tune. Like a piano in the next room, it's playing your song, but unfortunately it's out of whack, some of the strings are missing, and the pianist is tone deaf and drunk- I mean, the noise! Impossible! 
Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson Including a Journal of a Tour to the Hebrides, Vol 2|Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it. When we enquire into any subject, the first thing we have to do is to know what books have treated of it. This leads us to look at catalogues, and at the backs of books in libraries.
Vivian Amis, I Am: The Key to Manifesting|The less you know, the more you will be knownThe less you want, the more you will haveThe less you are, the more you will be
Anne Carson, Eros the Bittersweet|Then the edge asserts itself. You are not a god. You are not that enlarged self. Indeed, you are not even a whole self, as you now see. Your new knowledge of possibilities is also a knowledge of what is lacking in the actual.
Stephen Fry|I'm fat because I'm greedy, and if my mind is fat it's because I'm curious.
Plato, The Republic|And whenever any one informs us that he has found a man who knows all the arts, and all things else that anybody knows, and every single thing with a higher degree of accuracy than any other man –whoever tells us this, I think that we can only imagine him to be a simple creature who is likely to have been deceived by some wizard or actor whom he met, and whom he thought all-knowing, because he himself was unable to analyze the nature of knowledge and ignorance and imitation.
Cate Kennedy, Dark Roots: Stories|I watch people sometimes, wonder how they can walk around with the weight of what they know.
Donna Jo Napoli|Learning is not the accumulation of knowledge, but rather, one thing only: understanding
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|You know a trillion times more about art than me. But I’ve learned that it isn’t necessary to know all that much. You just make what you wanna see, right? It’s a game, right? It’s like being paid for dreaming.
Archibald MacLeish|What is more important to a library than anything else -- than everything else -- is the fact that it exists.", American Scholar; Washington, DC, June 5, 1972]
Isaac Asimov, The Secret of the Universe|What would you consider a good job?" Answered as follows:"A good job is one in which I don't have to work, and get paid a lot of money."When I heard that I cheered and yelled and felt that he should be given an A+, for he had perfectly articulated the American dream of those who despise knowledge. What a politician that kid would have made.
Derren Brown, Tricks of the Mind|Moreover, knowledge and investigation help promote wonder they do not destroy it. Whatever our tastes, we can generally appreciate such things as music, art or wine better when we understand a bit about them. We read up on our favourite singers or artists because we feel we can appreciate their work better when we know how they think and what they bring to their work. The giddy delight and curiosity that comes from marvelling at the beauty of this universe is deepened, not cheapened, by the laws and facts science gives us to aid our understanding. In a similar way, the psychological tricks at work behind many seemingly paranormal events are truly more fascinating than the explanation of other-worldiness precisely because they are of this world, and say something about how rich and complex and mysterious we are as human beings to be convinced by such trickery, indeed to want to perpetuate it in the first place.
Stuart Aken|If knowledge is power, let's spread it as widely as possible and dilute it to deny those who would abuse it.
Noah Webster|The foundation of all free government and all social order must be laid in families and in the discipline of youth. Young persons must not only be furnished with knowledge, but they must be accustomed to subordination and subjected to the authority and influence of good principles. It will avail little that youths are made to understand truth and correct principles, unless they are accustomed to submit to be governed by them.
Tommy Lee Jones|A thousand years ago, everybody knew the Earth was the center of the universe. Five hundred years ago, they knew the Earth was flat. Fifteen minutes ago, you knew we humans were alone on it. Imagine what you'll know tomorrow.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Better to keep it in the old heads, where no one can see it or suspect it. We are all bits and pieces of history and literature and international law. Byron, Tom Paine, Machiavelli, or Christ, it's here. And the hour's late. And the war's begun. And we are out here, and the city is there, all wrapped up in its own coat of a thousand colors... All we want to do is keep the knowledge we think we will need intact and safe. We're not out to incite or anger anyone yet. For if we are destroyed, the knowledge is dead, perhaps for good... Right now we have a horrible job; we're waiting for the war to begin and, as quickly, end. It's not pleasant, but then we're not in control, we're the odd minority crying in the wilderness. When the war's over, perhaps we can be of some use in the world.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord|To be agreeable in society, you must consent to be taught many things which you already know.
Anne Rice, Blackwood Farm|Knowledge drifts in and out of my mind", said Lestat with a little look of honest distress and a shake of his head. "I devour it and then I lose it and sometimes I can't reach for any knowledge that I ought to possess. I feel desolate, but then knowledge returns or I seek it out in a knew source."(...)"But you love books, then", Aunt Queen was saying. I had to listen."Oh, yes," Lestat said. "Sometimes they're the only thing that keeps me alive.""What a thing to say at your age", she laughed."No, but one can feel desperate at any age, don't you think? The young are eternally desperate," he said frankly. "And books, they offer one hope - that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe, one is saved.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Was it wisdom? Was it knowledge? Was it, once more, the deceptiveness of beauty, so that all one’s perceptions, half-way to truth, were tangled in a golden mesh? Or did she lock up within her some secret which certainly Lily Briscoe believed people must have for the world to go on at all? Every one could not be as helter skelter, hand to mouth as she was. But if they knew, could they tell one what they knew? Sitting on the floor with her arms round Mrs. Ramsay’s knees, close as she could get, smiling to think that Mrs. Ramsay would never know the reason of that pressure, she imagined how in the chambers of the mind and heart of the woman who was, physically, touching her, were stood, like the treasures in the tombs of kings, tablets bearing sacred inscriptions, which if one could spell them out, would teach one everything, but they would never be offered openly, never made public. What art was there, known to love or cunning, by which one pressed through into those secret chambers? What device for becoming, like waters poured into one jar, inextricably the same, one with the object one adored? Could the body achieve, or the mind, subtly mingling in the intricate passages of the brain? or the heart? Could loving, as people called it, make her and Mrs. Ramsay one? for it was not knowledge but unity that she desired, not inscriptions on tablets, nothing that could be written in any language known to men, but intimacy itself, which is knowledge, she had thought, leaning her head on Mrs. Ramsay’s knee.
John Henry Newman, The Idea of a University|If then a practical end must be assigned to a University course, I say it is that of training good members of society... It is the education which gives a man a clear, conscious view of their own opinions and judgements, a truth in developing them, an eloquence in expressing them, and a force in urging them. It teaches him to see things as they are, to go right to the point, to disentangle a skein of thought to detect what is sophistical and to discard what is irrelevant.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The Christian does not avoid sin to achieve salvation, but rather salvation brings him to a desire not to sin. The closer that one's spirit is synchronized with the holy knowledge of God, the more he comprehends how and why sin is destructive to himself and others in each and every circumstance. The dwindling desire for sin is a premature gift of Heaven - where there will be no sin, where all will, too, possess that full and complete wisdom; all will have perfect reasons not to sin. In this way, free will might still exist, but the shared wisdom of God will simply outwit all desires, impulses, and needs to sin.
Brandon Sanderson, Towers of Midnight|So long as we do not depend on the facts entirely, incomplete knowledge is better than complete ignorance.--Egwene al'Vere
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Since the earliest days of our youth, we have been conditioned to accept that the direction of the herd, and authority anywhere — is always right.
Rodolphe Kasser, The Gospel of Judas Together with the Letter of Peter to Phillip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos|Look, you have been told everything. Lift up your eyes and look at the cloud and the light within it and the stars surrounding it. And the star that leads the way is your star." So Judas lifted up his eyes and saw the luminous cloud, and he entered it.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Everybody liked better to conjecture how the thing was, than simply to know it; for conjecture soon became more confident than knowledge, and had a more liberal allowance for the incompatible.
Stuart Aken|Knowledge, like money and muck (manure), serves us best when spread evenly.
Kahlil Gibran|And even as each one of you stands alone in God's knowledge, so must each one of you be alone in his knowledge of God and in his understanding of the earth.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Passion for knowledge, motivation for continuous learning.
Mark Christensen, Aloha|In the new century science will defeat famine, boredom, and the plague, but . . . vital knowledge will become so elevated that nobody will know how anything works. . . . the good news is that everybody will be empowered; the bad news is nobody will understand why.
Gemma Malley|Before he'd met Anna, he'd thought he'd known what love was, thought he'd understood about friendship, romance, all o fit, but he hadn't - not at all. Until he'd held Anna in his arms, until he'd let her see his soul, until he'd heard her cry gently when he made love to her for the first time, he'd known nothing.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Knowledge is the most prized commodity in the entire universe, and it is infinite in its commodity.
Robert  Burton, The Anatomy of Melancholy|That which others hear or read of, I felt and practised myself; they get their knowledge by books, I mine by melancholizing.
Jamie Leanne Gaines|If you truly want to know a person, talk to their enemies.
Elon Musk|It is important to view knowledge as sort of a semantic tree -- make sure you understand the fundamental principles, ie the trunk and big branches, before you get into the leaves/details or there is nothing for them to hang on to.
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|This magical, marvelous food on our plate, this sustenance we absorb, has a story to tell. It has a journey. It leaves a footprint. It leaves a legacy. To eat with reckless abandon, without conscience, without knowledge; folks, this ain't normal.
Larry Crabb, Inside Out: Real Change Is Possible If You're Willing to Start from The...|We must admit that simply knowing the contents of the Bible is not a sure route to spiritual growth. There is an aweful assumption in evangelical churches that if we can just get the Word of God into people's heads, then the Spirit of God will apply it to their hearts. That assumption is aweful, not because the Spirit never does what the assumption supposes, but because it excused pastors and leaders from the responsibility to tangle with people's lives. Many remain safely hidden behind pulpits, hopelessly out of touch with the struggles of their congregations, proclaiming the Scriptures with a pompous accuracy that touches no one. Pulpits should provide bridges, not barriers, to life-changing relationships.
George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss|[She was] a creature full of eager, passionate longings for all that was beautiful and glad; thirsty for all knowledge; with an ear straining after dreamy music that died away and would not come near to her; with a blind unconscious yearning for something that would link together the wonderful impressions of this mysterious life, and give her soul a sense of home in it.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|You know what I should do?" Hoshino asked excited. "Of course," the cat said. "What'd I tell you? Cats know everything. Not like dogs.
Robertson Davies, Tempest-Tost|Oho, now I know what you are. You are an advocate of Useful Knowledge.... Well, allow me to introduce myself to you as an advocate of Ornamental Knowledge. You like the mind to be a neat machine, equipped to work efficiently, if narrowly, and with no extra bits or useless parts. I like the mind to be a dustbin of scraps of brilliant fabric, odd gems, worthless but fascinating curiosities, tinsel, quaint bits of carving, and a reasonable amount of healthy dirt. Shake the machine and it goes out of order; shake the dustbin and it adjusts itself beautifully to its new position.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|No civilization, including Plato's, has ever been destroyed because its citizens learned too much.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|You don’t know anything, but I know even less.
The New York Times|...wearing a turban of yellow, signifying knowledge, and a robe of purple, portraying purity and activity, Virchand Gandhi of Bombay delivered a lecture on the religions of India....
Diana Wynne Jones, Unexpected Magic: Collected Stories|After this, Boy became very curious about the mansion where the clothes and the food came from. He made me describe everything. Then he asked Good Thing 'Are there books in this mansion, too?''And pictures and jewels,' Good Thing said through me. 'What does Master wish me to fetch? There is a golden harp, a musical box like a bird, a—''Just books,' said Boy. 'I need to learn. I'm still so ignorant.
Ali Smith, There but for the|It is important to know the stories and histories of things, even if all we know is that we don't know.
Alan Sokal|Thus, by science I mean, first of all, a worldview giving primacy to reason and observation and a methodology aimed at acquiring accurate knowledge of the natural and social world. This methodology is characterized, above all else, by the critical spirit: namely, the commitment to the incessant testing of assertions through observations and/or experiments — the more stringent the tests, the better — and to revising or discarding those theories that fail the test. One corollary of the critical spirit is fallibilism: namely, the understanding that all our empirical knowledge is tentative, incomplete and open to revision in the light of new evidence or cogent new arguments (though, of course, the most well-established aspects of scientific knowledge are unlikely to be discarded entirely).. . . I stress that my use of the term 'science' is not limited to the natural sciences, but includes investigations aimed at acquiring accurate knowledge of factual matters relating to any aspect of the world by using rational empirical methods analogous to those employed in the natural sciences. (Please note the limitation to questions of fact. I intentionally exclude from my purview questions of ethics, aesthetics, ultimate purpose, and so forth.) Thus, 'science' (as I use the term) is routinely practiced not only by physicists, chemists and biologists, but also by historians, detectives, plumbers and indeed all human beings in (some aspects of) our daily lives. (Of course, the fact that we all practice science from time to time does not mean that we all practice it equally well, or that we practice it equally well in all areas of our lives.)
Isaac Watts, The Improvement of the Mind to Which Are Added a Discourse on the Education of Children|Once a day, especially in the early years of life and study, call yourselves to an account what new ideas, what new proposition or truth you have gained, what further confirmation of known truths, and what advances you have made in any part of knowledge.
Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger: Die letzten Geheimnisse der Illuminaten oder An den Grenzen des erweiterten Bewusstseins|Belief in the traditional sense, or certitude, or dogma, amounts to the grandiose delusion, "My current model" -- or grid, or map, or reality-tunnel -- "contains the whole universe and will never need to be revised." In terms of the history of science and knowledge in general, this appears absurd and arrogant to me, and I am perpetually astonished that so many people still manage to live with such a medieval attitude.
Friedrich Schiller|Only through Beauty's morning-gate, dost thou penetrate the land of knowledge.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|In the beginning..when ray and day hadn't yet come into existence at all, there was a kind of radiance that illuminates universe. That radiance is the light of knowledge and goodness. That radiance will persistently and consistently shines brightly even after all the stars and moons in this vast universe died out.
Allen Smith|In order to be really good as a librarian, everything counts towards your work, every play you go see, every concert you hear, every trip you take, everything you read, everything you know. I don’t know of another occupation like that. The more you know, the better you’re going to be.
Peter M. Senge|Through learning we re-create ourselves. Through learning we become able to do something we never were able to do. Through learning we reperceive the world and our relationship to it. Through learning we extend our capacity to create, to be part of the generative process of life
Ramakrishna|That knowledge which purifies the mind and heart alone is true Knowledge, all else is only a negation of Knowledge.
Henry Hazlitt|The dilemma is this. In the modern world knowledge has been growing so fast and so enormously, in almost every field, that the probabilities are immensely against anybody, no matter how innately clever, being able to make a contribution in any one field unless he devotes all his time to it for years. If he tries to be the Rounded Universal Man, like Leonardo da Vinci, or to take all knowledge for his province, like Francis Bacon, he is most likely to become a mere dilettante and dabbler. But if he becomes too specialized, he is apt to become narrow and lopsided, ignorant on every subject but his own, and perhaps dull and sterile even on that because he lacks perspective and vision and has missed the cross-fertilization of ideas that can come from knowing something of other subjects.
Charlie Fletcher, Silvertongue|We oft know little of who we were, only something of who we are, and nothing of who we may be.
Jürgen Moltmann, The Trinity and the Kingdom|The motive that impels modern reason to know must be described as the desire to conquer and dominate. For the Greek philosophers and the Fathers of the church, knowing meant something different: it meant knowing in wonder. By knowing or perceiving one participates in the life of the other. Here knowing does not transform the counterpart into the property of the knower; the knower does not appropriate what he knows. On the contrary, he is transformed through sympathy, becoming a participant in what he perceives.
Olavo de Carvalho|Only the subject's individual consciousness can testify for the unwitnessed acts, and there is no act more deprived of external testimony than the act of knowing.
Letitia Landon|Whatever people in general do not understand, they are always prepared to dislike; the incomprehensible is always the obnoxious.
Edwin Arnold, The Light of Asia|Shall any gazer see with mortal eyes,Or any searcher know by mortal mind,Veil after veil will lift--but there must be Veil upon veil behind.
Alfred de Vigny, Stello|Oh, I have a habit of letting myself be lectured on the things I know best. I like to see if they are understood in the same way I understand; for there are many ways of knowing the same thing
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Mercy!" cried Gandalf. "If the giving of knowledge is to be the cure of your inquisitiveness, I shall spend all the rest of my days in answering you. What more should you like to know?""The names of all the stars, and of all living things, and the whole history of Middle-Earth and Over-heave and of the Sundering Seas," laughed Pippin. "Of course! What less?
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|Emotion, which is suffering, ceases to be suffering as soon as we form a clear and precise picture of it.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|The power of thought is the light of knowledge, the power of will is the energy of character, the power of heart is love. Reason, love and power of will are perfections of man.
Thomas Brooks|If it is not strong upon your heart to practice what you read, to what end do you read? To increase your own condemnation? If your light and knowledge be not turned into practice, the more knowing a man you are, the more miserable a man you will be in the day of recompense; your light and knowledge will more torment you than all the devils in hell. Your knowledge will be that rod that will eternally lash you, and that scorpion that will forever bite you, and that worm that will everlastingly gnaw you; therefore read, and labor to know that you may do--or else you are undone forever.
Milton H. Erickson|When I wanted to know something, I wanted it undistorted by somebody else's imperfect knowledge.
Brian Cox|Life, just like the stars, the planets and the galaxies, is just a temporary structure on the long road from order to disorder. But that doesn't make us insignificant, because we are the Cosmos made conscious. Life is the means by which the universe understands itself. And for me, our true significance lies in our ability to understand and explore this beautiful universe.
Confucius, The Analects|If things far away don’t concern you, you’ll soon mourn things close at hand.
David Halberstam, The Best and the Brightest|There was, I found, always more to learn.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|A monk should surely love his books with humility, wishing their good and not the glory of his own curiosity; but what the temptation of adultery is for laymen and the yearning for riches is for secular ecclesiastics, the seduction of knowledge is for monks.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Origins: Fourteen Billion Years of Cosmic Evolution|... informed ignorance provides the natural state of mind for research scientists at the ever-shifting frontiers of knowledge. People who believe themselves ignorant of nothing have neither looked for, nor stumbled upon, the boundary between what is known and unknown in the cosmos.
Jonathan D. Spence, Emperor of China: Self-Portrait of K'ang-Hsi|If you want to really know something you have to observe or experience it in person; if you claim to know something on the basis of hearsay, or on happening to see it in a book, you'll be a laughingstock to those who really know.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Icehenge|We dream, we wake on a cold hillside, we pursue the dream again. In the beginning was the dream, and the work of disenchantment never ends.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|Go on, my dear," urges the snake. "Take one. Hear it? 'Pluck me,' it's saying. That big, shiny red one. 'Pluck me, pluck me now and pluck me hard.' You know you wan
Roger Bacon, Mathematics|Neglect of mathematics work injury to all knowledge, since he who is ignorant of it cannot know the other sciences or things of this world. And what is worst, those who are thus ignorant are unable to perceive their own ignorance, and so do not seek a remedy.
Ogwo David Emenike|Knowing trees, I came to realize, understand and appreciate the act of patience.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, Poetry and Prose|I have sent books and music there, and all / Those instruments with which high spirits call / The future from its cradle, and the past / Out of its grave, and make the present last / In thoughts and joys which sleep, but cannot die, / Folded within their own eternity.
Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam: The Concept of Religion and The Foundation of Ethics and Morality|The greatest challenge that has surreptitiously arisen in our age is the challenge of knowledge, indeed, not as against ignorance; but knowledge as conceived and disseminated throughout the world by Western civilization; knowledge whose nature has become problematic because it has lost its true purpose due to being unjustly conceived, and has thus brought about chaos in man's life instead of, and rather than, peace and justice; knowledge which pretends to be real but which is productive of confusion and scepticism, which has elevated doubt and conjecture to the 'scientific' rank in methodology; knowledge which has, for the first time in history, brought chaos to the Three Kingdom of Nature; the animal, vegetal and mineral.
Silverwolf|Politics:Lies about the truth,or the truth about lies?
M.C. Humphreys|If you ask me what remains to be known in the future, I’ll say, ‘Memorize all the world’s encyclopedias.’ Once you do that, forget all that fancy junk and rake the leaves – else I’m gonna take a stick to you, boy.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|Wandering across the vast room, I stopped at a set of shelves as high as the ceiling, and holding about six hundred volumes - all classics on the history of Soalris, starting with the nine volumes of Giese's monumental and already relatively obsolescent monograph. Display for its own sake was improbable in these surroundings. The collection was a respective tribute to the memory of the pioneers. I took down the massive volumes of Giese and sat leafing through them. Rheya had also located som reading matter. Looking over her shoulder, I saw that she had picked one of the many books brought out by the first expedition, the Interplanetary Cookery Book, which could have been the personal property of Giese himself. She was pouring over the recipes adapted to the arduous conditions of interstellar flight. I said nothing, and returned to the book resting on my knees. Solaris - Ten Years of Exploration had appeared as volumes 4-12 of the Solariana collection whose most recent additions were numbered in the thousands.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|When all this is over, people will try to blame the Germans alone, and the Germans will try to blame the Nazis alone, and the Nazis will try to blame Hitler alone. They will make him bear the sins of the world. But it's not true. You suspected what was happening, and so did I. It was already too late over a year ago. I caused a reporter to lose his job because you told me to. He was deported. The day I did that I made my little contribution to civilization, the only one that matters.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|You can know a thing to death and be for all purposes completely ignorant of it. A man can know his father, or his son, and there might still be nothing between them but loyalty and love and mutual incomprehension.
James George Frazer, The Magic Art and the Evolution of Kings, Vol 1. The Golden Bough, Part 1|The propensity to excessive simplification is indeed natural to the mind of man, since it is only by abstraction and generalisation, which necessarily imply the neglect of a multitude of particulars, that he can stretch his puny faculties so as to embrace a minute portion of the illimitable vastness of the universe. But if the propensity is natural and even inevitable, it is nevertheless fraught with peril, since it is apt to narrow and falsify our conception of any subject under investigation. To correct it partially - for to correct it wholly would require an infinite intelligence - we must endeavour to broaden our views by taking account of a wide range of facts and possibilities; and when we have done so to the utmost of our power, we must still remember that from the very nature of things our ideas fall immeasurably short of the reality.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|We must not attach knowledge to the mind, we have to incorporate it there.
Isaac Asimov|One might suppose that reality must be held to at all costs. However, though that may be the moral thing to do, it is not necessarily the most useful thing to do. The Greeks themselves chose the ideal over the real in their geometry and demonstrated very well that far more could be achieved by consideration of abstract line and form than by a study of the real lines and forms of the world; the greater understanding achieved through abstraction could be applied most usefully to the very reality that was ignored in the process of gaining knowledge.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|The acquisition of knowledge always involves the revelation of ignorance - almost is the revelation of ignorance. Our knowledge of the world instructs us first of all that the world is greater than our knowledge of it. To those who rejoice in the abundance and intricacy in Creation, this is a source of joy, as it is to those who rejoice in freedom...To those would-be solvers of "the human problem," who hope for knowledge equal to (capable of controlling) the world, it is a source of unremitting defeat and bewilderment. The evidence is overwhelming that knowledge does not solve "the human problem." Indeed, the evidence overwhelmingly suggests - with Genesis - that knowledge is the problem. Or perhaps we should say instead that all our problems tend to gather under two questions about knowledge: Having the ability and desire to know, how and what should we learn? And, having learned, how and for what should we use what we know? (pg. 183, People, Land, and Community)
George Orwell, 1984|At present nothing is possible except to extend the area of sanity little by little. We cannot act collectively. We can only spread our knowledge outwards from individual to individual, generation after generation.
Milan Kundera, Encounter|The novel was born with the Modern Era, which made man, to quote Heidegger, the "only real subject," the ground for everything. It is largely through the novel that man as an individual was established on the European scene. Away from the novel, in our real lives, we know very little about our parents as they were before our birth; we have only fragmentary knowledge of the people close to us: we see them come and go and scarcely have they vanished than their place is taken over by others: they form a long line of replaceable beings. Only the novel separates out an individual, trains a light on his biography, his ideas, his feelings, makes him irreplaceable: makes him the center of everything.
John Ashbery, Self-Portrait in a Convex Mirror|Its a bit mad. Too bad, I mean, that getting to know each just for a fleeting second Must be replaced by unperfect knowledge of the featureless wholeLike some pocket history of the world, so generalAs to constitute a sob or wail
Noam Shpancer, The Good Psychologist|...knowledge imprisons you. You cannot escape it. What you know you cannot unknow. That's why knowledge is dangerous. Learning will redefine your world, irreversibly.
Carl Sagan|In that case, on behalf of Earthlife, I urge that, with full knowledge of our limitations, we vastly increase our knowledge of the Solar System and then begin to settle other worlds.
Margery Allingham, Dancers in Mourning|But there are roughly two sorts of informed people, aren't there? People who start off right by observing the pitfalls and mistakes and going round them, and the people who fall into them and get out and know they're there because of that. They both come to the same conclusions but they don't have quite the same point of view.
Elaine Ostrach Chaika|Trivia are not knowledge. Lists of facts don't comprise knowledge. Analyzing, hypothesizing, concluding from data, sharing insights, those comprise knowledge. You can't google for knowledge.
Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss|In order to exert influence over people, there were other things that could be used besides love. Knowledge seemed to be an equally strong force, perhaps even stronger. Whoever possessed knowledge not only had power over the changeable passions of people, but also power over their thinking, over their minds, hearts and souls.
Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss|Whoever possessed knowledge not only had power over the changeable passions of people, but also power over their thinking, over their minds, hearts and souls.
Matt Baldwin, Snow rising|New knowledge enhances an ever increasing sense of our own ignorance. The more we know, the more we know we don't know. Feynman called it 'the expanding frontier of ignorance'.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|It is high time for the living to get tough, for toughness is indispensable in the struggle to safeguard and develop the life-force; this will not detract from their goodness, as long as they stand courageously by the truth. There is ground for hope in the fact that among millions of decent, hard-working people there are only a few plague-ridden individuals, who do untold harm by appealing to the dark, dangerous drives of the armored average man and mobilizing him for political murder. There is but one antidote to the average man's predisposition to plague: his own feelings for true life. The life force does not seek power but demands only to play its full and acknowledged part in human affairs. It manifests itself through love, work and knowledge.
Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses|A book is a product of a pact with the Devil that inverts the Faustian contract, he'd told Allie. Dr Faustus sacrificed eternity in return for two dozen years of power; the writer agrees to the ruination of his life, and gains (but only if he's lucky) maybe not eternity, but posterity, at least. Either way (this was Jumpy's point) it's the Devil who wins.
Thomas Jefferson|A nation which expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, expects that which never was and never will be.
Glenn Doman, How to Teach Your Baby Math|The more you test him, the slower he will learn and the less he'll want to do. The less you test him, the quicker he will learn and the more he'll want to learn. Knowledge is the most precious gift you can give your child. Give it as generously as you give him food.
Peter F. Drucker|The knowledge that we consider knowledge proves itself in action. What we now mean by knowledge is information in action, information focused on results.
Floriano Martins|We live in the hope that life will be different. Just a little more substance perhaps in the intrinsic frailty of the days. Such resignation frightens me. Between gunshots I get drunk. In secret, all knowledge becomes anxiety.
John Stuart Mill, Auguste Comte And Positivism|Foresight of phenomenon and power over them depend on knowledge of their sequences, and not upon any notion we may have formed respecting their origin or inmost nature.
Graham Greene, The Ministry of Fear|Knowledge was the great thing--not abstract knowledge in which Dr. Forester had been so rich, the theories which lead one enticingly on with their appearance of nobility, of transcendent virtue, but detailed, passionate, trivial human knowledge.
Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to G.H.|Ignorance of the law of irreducibility was no excuse. I could no longer excuse myself with the claim that I didn't know the law -- for knowledge of self and of the world is the law that, even though unattainable, cannot be broken, and no one can excuse himself by saying that he doesn't know it. . . . The renewed originality of the sin is this: I have to carry out my unknowing, I shall be sinning originally against life.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|Amory, sorry for them, was still not sorry for himself - art, politics, religion, whatever his medium should be, he knew he was safe now, free from all hysteria - he could accept what was acceptable, roam, grow, rebel, sleep deep through many nights...There was no God in his heart, he knew; his ideas were still in riot; there was ever the pain of memory; the regret for his lost youth - yet the waters of disillusion had left a deposit on his soul, responsibility and a love of life, the faint stirring of old ambitions and unrealized dreams...And he could not tell why the struggle was worth while, why he had determined to use to the utmost himself and his heritage from the personalities he had passed...He stretched out his arms to the crystalline, radiant sky."I know myself," he cried, "but that is all.
C.S. Goto|And so even the righteous heart is besieged by the blinding light of false knowledge. Falsity is like an ocean that presses around solitary moments of truth, treatening to overwhelm or blind the seekers of knowledge, to eradicate them in an instant of self-deceiving brilliance.Knowledge is power; it guards our souls - guard it well.
Jane Borodale, The Book of Fires|Nothing good was learnt too swiftly. Knowledge should be a purposeful accumulance of observed experience, applied and tested to the full.
Richard Feynman, The Pleasure of Finding Things Out: The Best Short Works of Richard P. Feynman|We absolutely must leave room for doubt or there is no progress and there is no learning. There is no learning without having to pose a question. And a question requires doubt. People search for certainty. But there is no certainty. People are terrified — how can you live and not know? It is not odd at all. You only think you know, as a matter of fact. And most of your actions are based on incomplete knowledge and you really don't know what it is all about, or what the purpose of the world is, or know a great deal of other things. It is possible to live and not know.
Samuel Johnson, The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia|Ignorance, when voluntary, is criminal, and a man may be properly charged with that evil which he neglected or refused to learn how to prevent.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|Later times have laid all the blame upon the Goths and Vandals, but, however unwilling the partizans of the Christian system may be to believe or to acknowledge it, it is nevertheless true, that the age of ignorance commenced with the Christian system.There was more knowledge in the world before that period, than for many centuries afterwards; and as to religious knowledge, the Christian system, as already said, was only another species of mythology; and the mythology to which it succeeded, was a corruption of an ancient system of theism.; and if we take our stand about the beginning of the sixteenth century, we look back through that long chasm, to the times of the Ancients, as over a vast sandy desert, in which not a shrub appears to intercept the vision to the fertile hills beyond.
Ken Kesey|One of the dumbest things you were ever taught was to write what you know. Because what you know is usually dull. Remember when you first wanted to be a writer? Eight or ten years old, reading about thin-lipped heroes flying over mysterious viny jungles toward untold wonders? That's what you wanted to write about, about what you didn't know. So. What mysterious time and place don't we 
Robert Boyle|The phaenomena afforded by trades, are a part of the history of nature, and therefore may both challenge the naturalist's curiosity and add to his knowledge, Nor will it suffice to justify learned men in the neglect and contempt of this part of natural history, that the men, from whom it must be learned, are illiterate mechanicks... is indeed childish, and too unworthy of a philosopher, to be worthy of an honest answer.
Leigh Brackett, The Long Tomorrow|You can’t destroy knowledge. You can stamp it under and burn it up and forbid it to be, but somewhere it will survive.
Julia Seitz|Knowledge may be power, but cake has great bargaining properties
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Most often, what I don’t know will have a vastly greater bearing on my life that what I do know.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|Anger has its place, but it will not serve you here, the way of the warrior is the way of knowing. Of that knowledge requires you to use anger, then you use anger, but you cannot wrest forth knowledge by losing your temper.
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|A person must earn enlightenment, Eragon. It is not handed down to you by others, regardless of how revered they be.
Dejan Stojanovic|Total knowledge is annihilation Of the desire to see, to touch, to feel The world sensed only through senses And immune to the knowledge without feeling.
Jim Al-Khalili|By the time of the arrival of Islam in the early seventeenth century CE, what we now call the Middle East was divided between the Persian and Byzantine empires. But with the spread of this new religion from Arabia, a powerful empire emerged, and with it a flourishing civilization and a glorious golden age.Given how far back it stretches in time, the history of the region -- and even of Iraq itself -- is too big a canvas for me to paint. Instead, what I hope to do in this book is take on the nonetheless ambitious task of sharing with you a remarkable story; one of an age in which great geniuses pushed the frontiers of knowledge to such an extent that their work shaped civilizations to this day.
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|...to her all books were the same and, as with her subjects, she felt a duty to approach them without prejudice...Lauren Bacall, Winifred Holtby, Sylvia Plath - who were they? Only be reading could she find out.
Monique Rockliffe|Pursue knowledge as though it is your life-blood, then you will know greatness!
Gene Edward Veith Jr., Loving God with All Your Mind: Thinking as a Christian in a Postmodern World|Many modern artists, philosophers, and theologians reject the knowledge of the past. Thus they must continually start over again from ground zero, their vision restricted to their own narrow perspectives, making themselves artificially primitive.
Florian Schneider|Collaborations are the black holes of knowledge regimes. They willingly produce nothingness, opulence and ill behavior. And it is their very vacuity that is their strength...It does not entail the transmission of something from those who have to those who do not, but rather the setting in motion of a chain of unforeseen accesses.
Francis Bacon|I would address one general admonition to all, that they consider what are the true ends of knowledge, and that they seek it not either for pleasure of the mind, or for contention, or for superiority to others, or for profit, or for fame, or power, or any of these inferior things, but for the benefit and use of life; and that they perfect and govern it in charity. For it was from lust of power that the Angels fell, from lust of knowledge that man fell, but of charity there can be no excess, neither did angel or man come in danger by it.
Elizabeth Pantley|So, your best defense is knowledge. It really is power, as they say...The more you know, the more easily you will develop your own philosophies about child rearing. When you have your facts straight, and when you have a parenting plan, you will be able to respond with confidence to those who are well-meaning but offering contrary or incorrect advice.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|There's no short-cut in life but with right knowledge, you can fast-track things to come to pass.
Woodrow Wilson|We have not given science too big a place in our education, but we have made a perilous mistake in giving it too great a preponderance in method in every other branch of study.
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|A farmer friend of mine told me recently about a busload of middle school children who came to his farm for a tour. The first two boys off the bus asked, "Where is the salsa tree?" They thought they could go pick salsa, like apples and peaches. Oh my. What do they put on SAT tests to measure this? Does anybody care? How little can a person know about food and still make educated decisions about it? Is this knowledge going to change before they enter the voting booth? Now that's a scary thought.
Donella H. Meadows, Thinking in Systems: A Primer|Remember, always, that everything you know, and everything everyone knows, is only a model. Get your model out there where it can be viewed. Invite others to challenge your assumptions and add their own.
Iain Pears, An Instance of the Fingerpost|In my small way, I preserved and catalogued, and dipped into the vast ocean of learning that awaited, knowing all the time that the life of one man was insufficient for even the smallest part of the wonders that lay within. It is cruel that we are granted the desire to know, but denied the time to do so properly. We all die frustrated; it is the greatest lesson we have to learn.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Time after time have nations, ay, and rich and strong nations, learned in the arts, been, and passed away to be forgotten, so that no memory of them remains. This is but one of several; for Time eats up the works of man.
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|Farms and food production should be, I submit, at least as important as who pierced their navel in Hollywood this week. Please tell me I'm not the only one who believes this. Please. As a culture, we think we're well educated, but I'm not sure that what we've learned necessarily helps us survive.
Robin Wall Kimmerer|With words at your disposal, you can see more clearly. Finding the words is another step in learning to see.
John Logan|You have a lot to learn, young man. Philosophy. Theology. Literature. Poetry. Drama. History. Archeology. Anthropology. Mythology. Music. These are your tools as much as brush and pigment. You cannot be an artist until you are civilized. You cannot be civilized until you learn. To be civilized is to know where you belong in the continuum of our art and your world. To surmount the past, you must know the past.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|For you see, when us people who know run into each other that's an event. It almost never happens. Sometimes we meet each other and neither guesses that the other is one who knows. That's a bad thing. It's happened to me a lot of times. But you see there are so few of us.
Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories|...I like stories very much,” the priest said. “They help me understand myself better.
J. P. Vinluca, Aiko and the Dragon|Foolish men always believe that a little knowledge will give them control over the world, but it is no more than a display of their vanity.
J.I. Packer, Knowing God|We feel that, for the honour of God (and also, though we do not say this, for the sake of our own reputation as spiritual Christians), it is necessary for us to claim that we are, so to speak, already in the signal-box, here and now enjoying the inside information as to the why and wherefore of God’s doings. This comforting pretence becomes part of us: we feel sure that God has enabled us to understand all His ways with us and our circle thus far, and we take if for granted that we shall be able to see at once the reason for anything that may happen to us in the future. And then something very painful and quite inexplicable comes along, and our cheerful illusion of being in God’s secret councils is shattered. Our pride is wounded; we feel that God has slighted us; and unless at this point we repent, and humble ourselves very thoroughly for our former presumption, our whole subsequent spriritual life may be blighted.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|While we can learn or study techniques for almost anything we might want to accomplish, real understanding is not the mere accumulation of knowledge. Understanding cannot be realized by listening or reading about the realization of others. It must be achieved firsthand via substantive, direct perception in the moment.
Anton Zeilinger|Maybe knowledge is as fundamental, or even more fundamental than [material] reality.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|So we couldn't mingle with them, but we could eavesdrop. We got our knowledge that way--we caught it like germs.
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio, The Book of Flights|I thought that to get to know a desert it was enough to have been there. I thought that to have seen the dogs dying along the Cholula road, or to have seen the eyes of the lepers at Chiengmai gave me the right to talk about it. To have seen! To have been there! Rubbish! The world is not a book, it proves nothing. The spaces one has crossed were dark corridors with closed doors. The faces of the women to whom one gave oneself up completely: did they speak for anyone but themselves? The cities of man are secret. One walks along their streets, one sees them shine under one's feet, but one is not there, one never enters them. The dusty fields inhabited by people who are hungry, who wait patiently, are paradises of luxury and nourishment; shining at a vast distance from intelligence, at a vast distance from reason. They are not to be subjugated.
C. JoyBell C.|There is no quarrel between science and spirituality. I often hear people of science trying to use it to prove the nonexistence of the spiritual, but I simply can't see a chasm in between the two. What is spiritual produces what is scientific and when science is used to disprove the spiritual, it's always done with the intent to do so; a personal contempt. As a result, scientists today only prove their inferiority to the great founding fathers of the sciences who were practitioners of alchemy. Today's science is washed-out and scrubbed-down and robbed of everything mystical and spiritual, a knowledge born of contempt and discontent. Or perhaps, there are a few who wish to keep those secrets to themselves and serve everyone else up with a tasteless version of science and the idiots of today blindly follow their equally blind leaders.
Jared Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed|Science is often misrepresented as ‘the body of knowledge acquired by performing replicated controlled experiments in the laboratory.’ Actually, science is something broader: the acquisition of reliable knowledge about the world.
George Friedman, The Next 100 Years: A Forecast for the 21st Century|The computer focuses ruthlessly on things that can be represented in numbers. In so doing, it seduces people into thinking that other aspects of knowledge are either unreal or unimportant. The computer treats reason as an instrument for achieving things, not for contemplating things. It narrows dramatically what we know and intended by reason.
Lois McMaster Bujold, The Curse of Chalion|In mysticism, knowledge cannot be separated from a certain way of life which becomes its living manifestation. To acquire mystical knowledge means to undergo a transformation; one could even say that the knowledge is the transformation. Scientific knowledge, on the other hand, can often stay abstract and theoretical. Thus most of today’s physicists do not seem to realize the philosophical, cultural and spiritual implications of their theories.
William Sheldon|Continued observations in clinical psychological practice lead almost inevitably to the conclusion that deeper and more fundamental than sexuality, deeper than the craving for social power, deeper even than the desire for possessions, there is a still more generalized and universal craving in the human make-up. It is the craving for knowledge of the right direction - for orientation.
Amin Maalouf, Orígenes|Nothing is born of nothing, least of all knowledge, modernity, or enlightened thought; progress is made in tiny surges, in successive laps, like an endless relay race. But there are links without which nothing would be passed on, and for that reason, they deserve the gratitude of all who benefited from them.
Meredith Ann Pierce, The Son of Summer Stars|Flame is not the only fire.” Her tone turned almost stern. “You have brought your folk another spark far greater than any flame. You have opened their eyes to the world, Aljan, shown them lands and peoples formerly beyond their ken. You have whistled them out of their cramped, closed, inward-facing ring and led them into my Dance, the Great Circle and Cycle encompassing all. <…> Nay, flame has not been the greatest of my gifts to you. Knowledge, Aljan, that even now remakes the world. Knowledge is the fire.
Bill Gaede|Whereas a novice makes moves until he gets checkmated (proof), a Grand Master realizes 20 moves in advance that it’s futile to continue playing (conceptualizing).
E.M. Forster|But nothing in India is identifiable, the mere asking of a question causes it to disappear and merge into something else.
Michael E. Krauss|Each language is a unique repository of facts and knowledge about the world that we can ill afford to lose, or, at the least, facts and knowledge about some history and people that have their place in the understanding of mankind. Every language is a treasury of human experience. Eyak doesn't give a damn about tenses. But it sure does give a damn about other things, much more than I do. Therefore it broadens your thinking, enriches your ability to understand the world- to deal with reality and experience.
Lynn Hoffman|In an age when mass pleasures like television are becoming more feeble and homogeneous, the very act of discrimination becomes a form of protest. At a time when mass marketing of food produces a product so disgusting that it has to be wrapped in distracting gimmicks to be sold, the mere fact of paying attention to what you eat and drink and telling the truth about taste is a revolutionary act.
Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin|The worn soles of Daffy's boots skidded on the icy stones. He'd been saving up for a new pair for Christmas, but then he'd come across an encyclopaedia in ten volumes, going cheap. Boots might last ten years, at best, but knowledge was eternal.
Marybeth Lorbiecki, Things, Natural, Wild, and Free: The Life of Aldo Leapold|But it was Aldo’s pen that became his most forceful tool. He started a newsletter for rangers called the Carson Pine Cone. Aldo used it to “scatter seeds of knowledge, encouragement, and enthusiasm.” Most of the Pine Cone’s articles, poems, jokes, editorials, and drawings were Aldo’s own. His readers soon realized that the forest animals were as important to him as the trees. His goal was to bring back the “flavor of the wilds.
Francis S. Collins, The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief|There were long stretches of DNA in between genes that didn't seem to be doing very much; some even referred to these as "junk DNA," though a certain amount of hubris was required for anyone to call any part of the genome "junk," given our level of ignorance.
Marianne Moore, Complete Poems|Wolf's wool is the best wool, but it cannot be sheared, because the wolf will not comply. With knowledge as with wolves' surliness, the student studies voluntarily, refusing to be less than individual. He "gives his opinion and then rests upon it"; he renders service when there is no reward, and is too reclusive for some things to seem to touch him; not because he has no feeling but because he has so much.
Christopher Crawford|knowledge without application is like a book that is never read' Christopher Crawford, Hemel Hempstead.
Tiffini Johnson, The Character|Books whose topics I thoroughy depsise are accapteble because they often force the reader to think and to examine his own beliefs. In an age where most people are either blindly obedient or radical, exposing oneself to the ideas contained in even the most controversial of books is a good thing.
Leanna Renee Hieber, The Strangely Beautiful Tale of Miss Percy Parker|As the Promethean fire which banished Darkness, so Knowledge bears the Power and the Light.
Cristina Marrero|As outsiders looking in, my readers and I must reform how we think so we may open ourselves to new forms of knowledge.
Gene Wolfe, The Citadel of the Autarch|You believe me wise because I taught you once, but I have not been north, as you have. You have seen (what) I have never seen...You flatter me by asking my opinion.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|[Photography] allows me to accede to an infra-knowledge; it supplies me with a collection of partial objects and can flatter a certain fetishism of mine: for this 'me' which like knowledge, which nourishes a kind of amorous preference for it. In the same way, I like certain biographical features which, in a writer's life, delight me as much as certain photographs; I have called these features 'biographemes'; Photography has the same relation to History that the biographeme has to biography.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Ideas were found by the freethinker, expressed by poet with the new words,formulated by scholar into knowledge.
Rodolphe Kasser, The Gospel of Judas Together with the Letter of Peter to Phillip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos|But God caused knowledge to be given to Adam and those with him, so that the kings of chaos and the underworld might not lord it over them." [--Jesus]
Sebastian Faulks, A Week in December|I suppose it was a dream that lasted really about fifty years. By the time universal education had begun to work properly, say 1925, and the time the first teachers started to hold back information, say 1975. So a fifty-year dream.""I think what's happened is that because they themselves know less than their predecessors, innovators and leaders today have remade the world in their own image. Spellchecks. Search engines. They've remodeled the world so that ignorance is not really a disadvantage. And I should think that increasingly they'll carry on reshaping the world to accommodate a net loss of knowledge.
David Strorm, How Animals Have Sex: A Guide to the Reproductive Habits of Creatures Great and Small|But the main reason you should read this is that I don't see why I should have to know all these terrible, terrible things and you should get off scot free.
Kenneth A. Bruffee, Collaborative Learning: Higher Education, Interdependence, and the Authority of Knowledge|Knowledge is a social construct, a consensus among the members of a community of knowledgeable peers.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The knowledge of the Universe is not secret, but is placed in the heart of every grandma and grandpa who have nothing and yet give everything to their grandchildren, in the eyes of every mother holding her baby close to her heart, in the spirit of every father holding the hand of his child walking for the first time.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable|You cannot do anything with knowledge unless you know where it stops, and the costs of using it.
Richard Rohr, The Divine Dance: The Trinity and Your Transformation|Knowing without loving is frankly dangerous for the soul and for society. You'll critique most everything you encounter and even have the hubris to call this mode of reflexive cynicism "thinking" (whereas it's really your ego's narcissistic reaction to the moment). You'll position things to quickly as inferior or superior, "with me" or "against me," and most of the time you'll be wrong.
Patricia A. McKillip, The Forgotten Beasts of Eld|I wish you were small again, so I could hold you in my arms and comfort you. But you are grown, and you know that for some things there is no comfort.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers|It is more important that we listen to others than to always be speaking, for in that way we learn what there is to know. We should be easy to talk to, and grateful for new information.
Unknown|Before you assume, learn. Before you judge, understand. Before you hurt, feel. Before you say, think.
Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum|…the more things you know, or pretend to know, the more powerful you are. It doesn’t matter if things are true. What counts, remember, is to possess a secret.
Irenaeus of Lyons, Against Heresies 2|For it is not needful, to use a common proverb, that one should drink up the ocean who wishes to learn that its water is salt.
V Moody|Knowledge accumulated and lived inside of you. He wasn’t sure how it happened, but if you had the pieces of a puzzle in your mind, they would eventually drift close enough to fit together. It had happened too many times for him to doubt it. The answer always came. You just had to be able to recognise when it did. And then you had to figure out what to do with it. In some cases, it might come and go without you even noticing.
Marty Rubin|What should be boundless is one's love of life, not one's love of art or knowledge.
James Blish, A Case of Conscience|[A]ll knowledge goes through both stages, the annunciation out of noise into fact, and the disintegration back into noise again. The process involved was the making of increasingly finer distinctions. The outcome was an endless series of theoretical catastrophes.
Roger Bacon, The Opus Majus of Roger Bacon|Now there are four chief obstacles in grasping truth, which hinder every man, however learned, and scarcely allow anyone to win a clear title to learning, namely, submission to faulty and unworthy authority, influence of custom, popular prejudice, and concealment of our own ignorance accompanied by an ostentatious display of our knowledge.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Science is thus a paradigm for how we ought to gain knowledge—not the particular methods or institutions of science but its value system, namely to seek to explain the world, to evaluate candidate explanations objectively, and to be cognizant of the tentativeness and uncertainty of our understanding at any time.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The most powerful affirmation doesn’t come from the conscious mind but from your Soul, an affirmation in which you are not trying to convince yourself of something you don’t believe, but rather you are becoming aware of the truth and the reality of what you truly are.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|A short while ago I foolishly thought I could learn everything - all the knowledge in the world. Now I hope only to be able to know of its existence, and to understand one grain of it.
Ernest Hemingway, Death in the Afternoon|Every novel which is truly written contributes to the total of knowledge which is there at the disposal of the next writer who comes, but the next writer must pay, always, a certain nominal percentage in experience to be able to understand and assimilate what is available as his birthright and what he must, in turn, take his departure from. If a writer of prose knows enough about what he is writing about he may omit things that he knows and the reader, if the writer is writing truly enough, will have a feeling of those things as strongly as though the writer had stated them. The dignity of movement of an ice-berg is due to only one-eighth of it being above water. A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing. A writer who appreciates the seriousness of writing so little that he is anxious to make people see he is formally educated, cultured or well-bred is merely a popinjay. And this too remember; a serious writer is not to be confounded with a solemn writer. A serious writer may be a hawk or a buzzard or even a popinjay, but a solemn writer is always a bloody owl.
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|Uthlubul ilma walau bisshin,” meaning, “Seek knowledge, even if it’s as far as China.” -17
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|How lucky are you as seekers of knowledge because God will ease your way into heaven, angels will spread their wings for you, even the inhabitants of the heart and sky, down to the whales beneath the sea, will ask mercy for those who have knowledege...” -48
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|knowledge is like nur, a ray of light. And light cannot come and be in a dark place. Because of that, clean your hearts and your minds, so that light can come, touch, and brighten your soul,” -178
viral panchal|B E H A V I O U R is Sometimes greater than knowledge, because in Life there are many situations where knowledge fails..but ..Behaviour can handle E V E R Y T H I N G.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Given the opportunity of 'Earth-School' enrollment - some are humble enough to learn and grow, stubborn enough to fail and repeat, and wise enough to graduate and never return.
Mahrukh|Look how far we have come;then the fight was to save the libraries, to save knowledge and today the fight is to save the weapons, to save power.
Amy Rachiele, Mobster's Angel|People should know, only what they need to know.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The people of the light, loves the light of knowledge.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Most people have not become better than they were five years ago because people hardly invest time into improving their knowledge, skills, and talents.
Alan J. Perlis, Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs|I hope the ﬁeld of computer science never loses its sense of fun. ... What you know about computing other people will learn. Don’t feel as if the key to successful computing is only in your hands. What’s in your hands I think and hope is intelligence: the ability to see the machine as more than when you were ﬁrst led up to it, that you can make it more.
Haruki Murakami, Men Without Women: Stories|There were times he thought it would have been far better to never have known. Yet he continued to return to his core principle: that, in every situation, knowledge was better than ignorance. However agonizing, it was necessary to confront the facts. Only through knowing could a person become strong.
Lailah Gifty, Akita|Is there any knowledge that refreshes the soul, renew the spirit, and restored the body like the study of the Holy Scriptures?
Ayn Rand, The Voice of Reason: Essays in Objectivist Thought|But of all the deadly theories by means of which you are now being destroyed, I would like to warn you about one of the deadliest and most crucial: the alleged dichotomy of science and ethics. It is the doctrine that man's science and ethics - or his knowledge and values, or his body and soul - are two separate, antagonistic aspects of his existence, and that man is caught between them, as a precarious, permanent traitor to their conflicting demands.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Don’t live your life not to know what to do with your time. If you don’t have any results to show for all your passing time, then you must have been trivializing time and you must have been living your life carelessly.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It is a pity that dead men are still impacting the world while men who are still alive are wasting away, roaming the world without an understanding of what to do with their time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you know what the treasure of time is worth, if you know that time is a resource, then you will actually be able to convert your time into any product you want.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|There will be great reason to suspect the Men of jealousy; and it cannot be rash to say, that their only reason for locking up from us all the avenues of knowledge, is the fear of our excelling them in it. (...) Had we the same advantages of study allowed us which the Men have, there is no room to doubt but we should at least keep pace with them in the sciences, and every useful knowledge. It can only then be a mean dastardly jealousy in them to exclude us from those advantages, in which we have so natural a right to emulate them.
Harrish Sairaman|You can only control what you know, what you don’t know, will control YOU!
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Your gifts, talents, and calling will help you to know what you must do.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Where the spirit of godliness is, where there are godly principles in action, where there is justice and peace, there will surely be prosperity.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|It is this spirit of godliness that will bring forth the attributes, the principles and the life style of godliness.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Godliness is not just a doctrine, a belief or a principle, it has a personality.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When greed is enthroned, be it in a community or nation, ungodliness is celebrated at the altar of human pleasure.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you are pushed to the wall, you will act and do things you have never done before.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|You are not entitled to stand or speak on behalf of the people or society, except that you are already provoked.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Whatever it is in life that is worth attaining, there must be something that is provoking an individual to go for that thing passionately.
Sunday Adelaja|Wherever you are, be ready to create the enabling spiritual atmosphere for the sake of the kingdom of God.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|There is definitely a positive aspect of anger such as, anger at sin and anger at ungodliness or injustice of the society.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|A man’s life is not qualified by how much wealth, power, pleasure or control he has, but by the values of godliness he possesses.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you are really angry, then you must be willing to pay the price of being alone or be remanded for someone else to have their freedom, illumination and justice.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Do not waste your anger, you may just be the candidate to deliver a people from oppression or injustice.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If there is a construction or a pathway in the spirit to be made, it is the way of godliness.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The truth is that if you do not join the way of godliness, then you do not have any reason to complain when the ungodly are busy planning and making the pathway of ungodliness.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If the weeds are removed and there is nothing planted, it is the weeds that will keep growing.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Planting of godliness must be a continuous thing, however, one needs to start the planting of godliness from the home front.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When every opportunity given to you is used to serve the people, you are on the path of life’s purpose to the fullness.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you have experienced injustice and insulted by the ungodliness, then you are a candidate to stand against the same.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you are ready to make a difference and shine, then you must be ready to pay the price by laboring rightly with your mouth and with hands.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Covetousness gives birth to violence, while violence gives birth to oppression.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you see injustice among the nations, you will find out that the root cause is covetousness.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If there is any society where the leaders lack the knowledge and the importance of justice, then oppression will be a common neighbor of the citizens.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Every opportunity, every influence and affluence you possess, could not have been for you alone, but to act as a platform to impact a generation.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|At the root of every form of ungodliness, injustice, nepotism, selfishness, every rivalry and competitive jealousy, is the monster called greed.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|As a result of this greed for power, the poor is not only silenced but also oppressed.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If people in the position of power are not made to be accountable, then, ungodliness, injustice and oppression will continue to be the order of the day in the society.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Until there is equal and fair portion of opportunities apportioned for every citizen, the power structure may need to be restructured.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|To be compassionate, you have to forget your own comfort zone and live well because you live beyond yourself.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Just as you are what you think, you are also what you dream.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When someone finds his or her mind is not free or in mental bondage, such a person might as well not be free physically.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If a person is not free, his right is restricted.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If we could be humble enough to submit our passions, sentiments and even weaknesses to God Almighty, he would successfully convert them to something positive that would eventually glorify Him.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When it comes to change; feelings like frustrations, anger and irritations can easily be converted by each person to become a powerful force of change.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Whatever your passion, make sure you hold unto a philosophy that is bigger and greater than you.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Stay with your passion but have a philosophy that is beyond your strength so that you can have a legacy, even a legacy that will outlast you.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you dream of what you want to see, whether in your life, home, community or nation, you need to keep watching those dreams until they come to fulfillment.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|While in bondage, the strength of the mind is not put into full action in order to maximize its full potential.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|You can be a person with a strong passion or holy anger and be furious in a way that will make the society safer, godly, with social justice and equity.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|To be able to impact the society and to be an agent of change, you have to make yourself available to serve.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|To be honorable, you have to make sacrifices for others.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|You have received a mandate not given by man, but given and empowered by God, to bring justice to the people and godliness on the earth.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you see your country going through economic problems, the best thing to do is to come up with a strategy, plan and vision of how to affect the economy of the nation, rather than simply fixing your own individual economic problem.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you are frustrated with the elite of your society, do something about it.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When everybody contributes a change to what he or she notices, it is then we will change our world.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When insulted by injustice, face it, stand up against it and demand your right and justice.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Your voice may not be loud today or be heard today, but make sure you are still standing on your feet.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|You may be the change and light needed by others, to shine on their path.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|This is the way to shine; to make a difference even as you choose to stand up, speak out and maintain a valid positive opinion.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|There is a commanded blessing on anyone that values, esteems and stands for justice in society.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Without a measure of anger against injustice, a person, a society or a whole nation would have to live perpetually under the bondage of injustice.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|In every civilized society, there is an established institution put in place to design laws that make people live civilized and having rights and privileges as citizens of that nation.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Never misuse your God-given opportunities, it may be the path to fulfilling your destiny.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you are going to speak out against injustice, if you are angry at ungodliness in the society, then you have the opposing force to contend against.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|You must build and develop a greater force on the inside of you, in this way, you will be able to speak and stand against ungodliness and injustice in the land.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If lawmakers in nations today refused to be bribed and be corrupted by some larger-than-life leaders, the people will be less insulted and molested by ungodliness and injustice.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Actually, everyone, in one way or the other is being insulted by ungodliness and injustice, be it racial injustice, inequality, economic injustice, and the spread and campaign of ungodliness sweeping the land.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Whenever you are being insulted by ungodliness and injustice, endeavor to speak against it, endeavor to stand up against it, and expect to see change.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The human voice is still the most paramount vessel or weapon to use, to uphold justice and to protest against injustice.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|We are not poor because we do not have money, we are poor because we do not know how to make money.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The church needs to arise not just against total and absolute ignorance, the church also needs to arise against half-truth or falsehood, which is some of the things that are prevailing in our churches today.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|You have a right to have a godly anger to bring about change, godliness and justice in the society.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|To some extent, it is almost blasphemous to think that insult, anger and irritation could be a positive force.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Our passion, even our insult, could be turned into a blessing.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The main recipients of injustice in any society are the afflicted the distressed and the troubled one, both in soul and in body.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|For any display of displeasure or anger against injustice and ungodliness, there is a reward and a godly result.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|For every seed of godliness, kindness and justice sowed, there will be surely be a harvest of goodness, significance and greatness.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When a hypocrite or a wicked leader is in power, anyone that becomes popular or stands out easily becomes a prey.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Some of the common occurrences of injustice are the presence of poverty, starvation, gender inequality, neglected widows and orphans and the injustice towards other vulnerable groups of people.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|God calls ignorance the rejection of knowledge, which simply means it is actually a choice to be ignorant.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you decide not to discipline yourself to seek for knowledge in any area, God sees it as the rejection of knowledge.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If we really want to represent God in our day and time, we must embrace knowledge.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you reject knowledge, God rejects you.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|We have to seek knowledge, and infuse ourselves with so much light that can only come from knowledge.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When we begin to shine, the darkness of ignorance will disappear from our society.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When there’s darkness, there are all kinds of evil things happening, rebellion is there, and corruption is operating.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Where there is darkness, there is chaos and confusion, but when light shines, things are set in order and the light rules and governs.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Life comes from light: if we are under God’s shining light, life will be generated and the divine life will grow in us.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you live in light, you live under God’s rulership.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you live in darkness, you live under the ruler-ship of the devil.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|There are several grave consequences that come with lack of knowledge, the paramount is destruction.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Knowledge acted upon makes all the difference, produces the different results we have in life.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|It means that the lack of knowledge is the foundation for all life failures, destruction, depression, difficulties, hatred, bitterness, envy, etc.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|It’s like we are having a harvest of destruction in our nations, continent and world today, all because of ignorance.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Ignorance can stifle learning, especially if the ignorant person believes that he or she is not ignorant.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|A person who falsely believes he or she is knowledgeable will not seek out clarification of his or her beliefs, but rather rely on his or her ignorant position.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The higher the proportion of adults with low literacy proficiency is, the slower the overall long-term GDP growth rate is.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When we neglect knowledge, we have indirectly rejected light.
Sunday Adelaja|If there is anything the devil will want to keep you from having, it is knowledge.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If it is God’s business, then it should be your business.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Ignorance is a very useful weapon in the hands of the devil against humanity, especially Christians.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Let’s stop glorifying the devil, giving him power that he does not deserve or have.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When we live in ignorance, we live in darkness and that is where the devil rules.
Sunday Adelaja|To break yourself loose from the dominion, rulership and manipulation of the devil, you have to embrace light (knowledge).
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Darkness is subject to light, and can never manifest itself in the presence of light.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The only reason for your intimidation by the devil, and you're being afraid of him, or what he can do is because you are living in ignorance (darkness) which is his territory.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|For you to be able to turn on the light in the darkness, you have to live in the light.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|As long as you are ready to pay this price for living in the light (knowledge), the darkness (ignorance) becomes a servant to you.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When there is no personal responsibility in any society, there cannot be a responsible government.
Henry A. Giroux, America at War with Itself: Authoritarian Politics in a Free Society|Pedagogy is always about power, because it cannot be separated from how subjectives are formed, desires mobilized, how some experiences are legitimized and others are not, or how some knowledge is considered acceptable while other forms are excluded from the curriculum.
Anthony  Ryan, Blood Song|The promise of power wasn't enough, he thought. So now she tempts me with knowledge.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is only One holy Knowledge, the excellent knowledge of God.
Sunday Adelaja|When people refuse to pay the price of personal responsibility for the problems of the nation, these same people end up paying the high price of irresponsibility, which is often in tragedy and sorrow.
Colleen Ferrary Bader|When you finally learn that you are not the smartest person in the room- you will build a better product, have better relationships, and eliminate wasted time.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Until we begin to live for people and stop living for self, we have not started living, we just exist.
Carol A Brown|special" knowledge gives them a sense of power, control, status and/or monetary gain. For some, the need to belong is so powerfulthat they choose to ignore the fact that the power they think are wielding actually controls, manipulates, and abuses them.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If Nigeria will change for the better, then we must take responsibility for the changes in Nigeria.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we seek the knowledge God, all other knowledge will be given to us.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Stupidity is brief and guileless, while wit equivocates and hides. Wit is a scoundrel, while stupidity is honest and sincere.
Stefan Zweig, The Collected Stories of Stefan Zweig|Holding a precious book meant to Mendel what an assignment with a woman might to another man. These moments were his platonic nights of love. Books had power over him; money never did. Great collectors, including the founder of a collection in Princeton University Library, tried in vain to recruit him as an adviser and buyer for their libraries—Jakob Mendel declined; no one could imagine him anywhere but in the Café Gluck. Thirty-three years ago, when his beard was still soft and black and he had ringlets over his forehead, he had come from the east to Vienna, a crook-backed lad, to study for the rabbinate, but he had soon abandoned Jehovah the harsh One God to give himself up to idolatry in the form of the brilliant, thousand-fold polytheism of books. That was when he had first found his way to the Café Gluck, and gradually it became his workplace, his headquarters, his post office, his world. Like an astronomer alone in his observatory, studying myriads of stars every night through the tiny round lens of the telescope, observing their mysterious courses, their wandering multitude as they are extinguished and then appear again, so Jakob Mendel looked through his glasses out from that rectangular table into the other universe of books, also eternally circling and being reborn in that world above our own.
Nouman Ali Khan|When ignorance is passed down for a long time without giving it a second thought, it leads to evil because you are doing it without knowledge.
Galileo Galilei|Where the senses fail us, reason must step in.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What is essence of knowledge, if it does not change the way we act?
Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.|I realized that the knowledge I gained over this period in my life was power, and it felt like a waste not to share that wealth with the world, with people who could benefit,
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever holds the keys to house of knowledge, must open the door, for those who search for light of knowledge to enter.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you seek first God's Kingdom, shall find the key to knowledge.
Alastair Agutter|Perhaps the secret to life is to understand simplistic perfection. A phenomena that surrounds us all each day in our natural world and by appreciating such beauty and wonder, can provide us with great fulfilment and enlightenment from the knowledge of learning.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we seek the excellent knowledge of Christ Jesus, we shall be filled with fullness of God.
Daniel C. Dennett, From Bacteria to Bach and Back - The Evolution of Minds|That's a rhetorical question, and trying to answer rhetorical questions instead of being cowed by them is a good habit to cultivate.
Brian L. Weiss, Many Lives, Many Masters: The True Story of a Prominent Psychiatrist, His Young Patient, and the Past Life Therapy That Changed Both Their Lives|Our task is to learn, to become God-like through knowledge. We know so little. You are here to be my teacher. I have so much to learn. By knowledge we approach God, and then we can rest. Then we come back to teach and help others.
Prophet Mohammed|A person is a scholar as long as he seeks knowledge. Once he thinks he knows, only then he becomes an ignorant.
Dada Bhagwan|When one gathers all the books of all worldly religions, when one beholds (dharan) them, then the phenomenon of religious upholding (dharma dharan) occurs. When that religious upholding becomes 100% strong, then the essence [marma] begins to manifest. When the essence becomes 100% strong, then the extract of the Knowledge [gnanark] begins to manifest. Here, we make you ‘drink’ (absorb) directly, the ‘Extract of the Knowledge’.
Robin Sacredfire|Here's a resume of crucial knowledge you should have in today's world but universities are not providing: Financial - Not just on management, but also on how to profit, how to manage and control flows of income; Linguistic - In today's world, speaking only a language is prove of lack of education. Knowing two languages is a basic necessity, and knowing three languages is essential, while knowing four is merely the ideal situation. Which four languages? Chinese, English, Spanish, and another of your choice, just for fun; Intellectual - It's not about what you know; it’s all about how you think about what you know. Therefore, it's ridiculous to think that there’s only one answer and one way to examine our life. Most students are extremely dumb because they lack the ability to educate themselves, despite their certificates or where they’ve studied. They never read with an intention in mind. And as they graduate, they become completely futile as individuals. This situation is the same all over the world. Millions are graduating every year, without any significant knowledge to live with. Their books are often outdated once they graduate and they're unable to learn by themselves and develop the necessary skills to adjust to the economic society in which we live. Maybe they can keep a job for 3 or 5 years of their life, but then are surprised to lose it and never finding a suitable job again. The world is changing very fast and most people can’t or are unwilling to recognize this fact.
Dada Bhagwan|Worldly things (laukik) are perceived through the senses (indriya-gamya). That, which is beyond the world (alaukik), is perceived [through the knowledge which is] beyond the senses (atindriya-gamya).
Eric Dinerstein, What Elephants Know|If the shrike did not eat the grasshoppers, then the grasshoppers would eat all the grass, and there would be none left for the deer...and the deer are food for the tiger. Life in the jungle is a giant spiderweb; if you touch one strand, it will vibrate at the other end. We cannot separate nature into good and bad, Rita. The gods do not will it so.
Eraldo Banovac|In general, sharing and using things decreases their value. However, knowledge increases by implementation and especially by sharing among people.
Dada Bhagwan|That which comes forth, is present and cautions at all times is called ‘Gnan’ (Eternal knowledge). That indeed is the Soul [Our True Self]. The Soul is not separate from the Knowledge.
Matt Kindt, Unity, Volume 5: Homefront|Harada: Failure is essential, Amanda. It's the motivator. Even as an infant. You fall and fall again until eventually you can put one foot in front of the other and walk.Amanda: I don't like the not knowing. Not knowing what's wrong. Not knowing what I'm doing. Not knowing what's happening next.Harada: You're human. Of course you don't like it. The trick is learning to savor the unknown. To embrace mystery. Trust me... too much knowlegde can become... will become a bigger burden than ignorance and failure will ever be.
Dada Bhagwan|When someone picks the Gnani Purush’s [the enlightened one’s] ‘pocket’, how does the Gnani Purush’’ look at it? “Very well! This amount is now credited to my account”! Money spent for the home is money down the drain. How can anyone ‘see’ this [fact] with the narrow inner intent of ‘mine and yours’? With an all encompassing [broader] intent, one will see ‘as it is’, that is called ‘Gnan’ [Knowledge].
Dada Bhagwan|Unity does not exist in the world. Only when the Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] grants moksha [liberation], does unity arise. Unity cannot prevail without Gnan [knowledge of the self].
Dada Bhagwan|Even the slightest criticism of others is an impediment (hindrance) to Absolute Knowledge (Kevalgnan, Absolute Enlightenment). It also hinders Atmagnan (Knowledge of the Self), also hinders Samkit (Self-realization).
Dada Bhagwan|There are two aspects to this world; even though it is fickle, it is within principle. Through the medium of the five senses and intellectual knowledge, it appears fickle and through ‘Gnan’ (Real Knowledge) it appears to be within principle.
Nivu|when you know more than you know, there's more to know
John Polkinghorne, Quantum Physics and Theology: An Unexpected Kinship|The widespread success of science is too significantan issue to be treated as if it were a happy accident that we arefree to enjoy without enquiring more deeply into why this isthe case. Critical realist achievements of this kind cannot be amatter of logical generality, something that one would expectto be attainable in all possible worlds. Rather, they are an ex-perientially confirmed aspect of the particularity of the worldin which we live and of the kind of beings that we are. Achiev-ing scientific success is a specific ability possessed by human-kind, exercised in the kind of universe that we inhabit. I believethat a full understanding of this remarkable human capacityfor scientific discovery ultimately requires the insight that ourpower in this respect is the gift of the universe’s Creator who,in that ancient and powerful phrase, has made humanity in theimage of God (Genesis 1:26–27).
Dada Bhagwan|The knowledge, which makes you ‘emotional’, is worldly awareness. True awareness does not make you ‘emotional’.
Dada Bhagwan|The whole world reacts negatively to loss. What wrong has loss done? If you ask God if he has any profit or loss, then God would tell you, 'You are looking at it from an illusory viewpoint, you are seeing ‘relative’ and that is why you see everything as a profit or loss. I see through Real knowledge’.
Dada Bhagwan|The entire world is surviving only due to ‘beliefs’, not because of ‘Knowledge’ (Gnan). Every human being is (living) only because of beliefs.
Robert Anton Wilson, The Earth Will Shake: The History of the Early Illuminati|I'm sorry There are some jokes you cannot understand until you have been a fool many, many years and thought yourself finally cured and then found out that you had just become a different kind of fool.
Dada Bhagwan|People in the world ask for forgiveness, but [true] ‘pratikraman’ does not happen by doing that. That is like when people casually say ‘sorry’ or ‘thank you’. There is no significance in that; the significance is of ‘alochana-pratikraman-pratyakhyan’ (acknowledgement of the mistake, repentance and asking for forgiveness for the mistake, remorse and avowal not to repeat the mistake, respectively).
Dada Bhagwan|The one whose ‘alochana (confession of mistakes), pratikraman (asking for forgiveness) and pratyakhyan (avowal to never repeat the mistake)’ are true (done correctly), he is bound to attain the knowledge of the Self (attain self realization).
Dada Bhagwan|The essence of the world is Sachchidanand [sat-chit-anand, eternal knowledge and vision leads to bliss].
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is no Sachchidanand [sat-chit-anand, eternal knowledge and vision leading to bliss], there is night (darkness).
Dada Bhagwan|In saying the word ‘Sachchidanand’ [sat-chit-anand, eternal knowledge and vision leading to bliss], it has great ‘effect’. There is an ‘effect’ even when it is said without the understanding [of it’s meaning]. When it is said with the understanding, there is tremendous benefit. Saying these words produces vibrations and everything churns. Everything is ‘Scientific’.
Dada Bhagwan|It is Vitaraag vignan [the Spiritual Science of the Enlightened Ones] to look at gain, and to see losses is the knowledge of worldly wanderings.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is lack of ‘Gnan’ (Knowledge and experience of the Self; real Knowledge) there is worldly existence and where there is ‘Gnan’ (Real Knowledge), there is no worldly existence.
Dada Bhagwan|Gnan’ [True Knowledge, Knowledge of one’s own self], is freedom itself. It keeps one in Moksha [liberated state] and prevents [karmic] bondage.
Fidel Castro, My Life: A Spoken Autobiography|Ignorance is the root of many ills. Knowledge must be the fundamental ally of nations that aspire, despite all their tragedies and problems, to become truly emancipated, to build a better world.
Martin Pretchel|Nature doesn’t need knowledge, because nature is knowledge, knowledge manifest.
Alfred Korzybski, Science and Sanity: An Introduction to Non-Aristotelian Systems and General Semantics|We humans, through old habits, and because of the inherent structure of human knowledge have a tendency to make static, definite, and, in a way, absolutistic one-valued statements. But when we fight absolutism, we quite often establish, instead, some other dogma equally silly and harmful. For instance, an active atheist is psycho-logically as unsound as a rabid theist.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What is knowledge, if it does to shape our conduct?
Dante Alighieri, Paradiso|Open thy mind; take in what I explain and keep it there; because to understand is not to know, if thou dost not retain...
Doris P. Johnson|Your Core Values are the "glue" that holds your business together.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is competition, one cannot attain (true) 'Knowledge'.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|...[M]oral instruction, although containing much that is convincing for the reason, ...accomplishes... little... [because] the teachers themselves have not got their own notions clear, and when they endeavor to make up for this by raking up motives of moral goodness from every quarter, trying to make their physic right strong, they spoil it.
Gift Gugu Mona|Sometimes you should ask yourself if the world would be a better place without your existence, then you would know if you are on the right path or not.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Reality is mainly based on knowledge, what you do not know doesn't exist to you. Above all get knowledge and wisdom.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Reality is based mainly on knowledge, what you do not know doesn't exit for you.
Dada Bhagwan|That which the entire world regards as ‘mine’, it is [really] ‘not mine’; this Knowledge itself is the Self, the Soul.
Dada Bhagwan|There are two types of knowledge. One is about what is right and wrong, what is helpful and harmful in this world, and the second is about the path to final Liberation (Moksha). The one who attains the knowledge about Moksha will indeed get the knowledge about what is helpful and harmful in the world. Or else, there should be saints around who know about what is helpful and harmful in this world.
Dada Bhagwan|There are three types of talks: 1. Knowledge based talks. 2. Intellect-based talks 3. Talks void of intellect. The world is running as a result of these three types of talks. Intellectuals will find intellect-void-talks as being incorrect. Those void of intellect will find intellect based talks to be incorrect. And where there are talks with Knowledge (Gnan), there is no such thing as correct or incorrect.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the definition of Gnan [true knowledge]? It is that which must be present without fail when needed. Who should be the one imparting this Knowledge? It is not acceptable coming from any ordinary person. It must be from one whose speech has power (vachanbad), so that it will be present when needed. The Gnan [Knowledge] has to present itself, otherwise the work cannot be accomplished.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as one is the doer of the actions, there is agnan [all other knowledge other than one’s own true self, wordly knowledge]. Agnan is the cause for the worldly life.
Dada Bhagwan|This ‘Knowledge’ manifested in 1958! That day I became a ‘Gnani’ (the enlightened one)! The day before that, ‘I’ too was agnani (ignorant of the Self), wasn’t I?
Dada Bhagwan|The ‘information’ one receives from within, shows credit [punya] and debit [paap] karmas. All the Knowledge-Vision is present within. Everything can be Known from within but only as long as you do not create obstructions. If you were to cross-over [violate] it, then the ‘information’ will stop coming through.
Dada Bhagwan|The actions carried out with ignorance of the Self [agnan bhaav, ignorance intent] is all bondage. Every action done with the awareness of I am pure Soul [gnan bhaav, knowledge intent], will grant liberation.
John   Kramer, Blythe|The people’s silence is a tyrant’s greatest advocate. The less captives talked, the less they knew; the less they knew, the more they feared; and the more they feared, the more easily others could manipulate them to their own ends, the more easily the captives could be controlled.
J. Robert Oppenheimer|In some sort of crude sense, which no vulgarity, no humor, no overstatement can quite extinguish, the physicists have known sin; and this is a knowledge which they cannot lose.
Amy Harmon, The Bird and the Sword|Often-times, grass was more useful than gold. Man was more desirable than a beast. Chance was more seductive than knowledge, and eternal life was completely meaningless without love.
Ruth Ozeki, My Year of Meats|I would like to think of my 'ignorance' less as a personal failing and more as a massive cultural trend, an example of doubling, of psychic numbing, that characterizes the end of the millennium. If we can’t act on knowledge, then we can’t survive without ignorance.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|It never ceased to amaze me how she just had the facts always, in her head. It occured to me that if, or when, she died, a whole load of facts, a body of knowledge, might disappear without a trace.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In the world of personal development and spiritual growth, a seeker embarks on a path of self-discovery and self-improvement. A seeker desires to discover knowledge and use an enhanced level of personal awareness to alter their behavior, opinions, beliefs, and point of view in order to experience reality in a different and more wholesome manner than the prior path that lead to self-rejection.
philosopher Mario Bunge|the problem of a worker in today’s knowledge industry is not the scarcity of information but its excess. … In order to learn anything, we need time. And to make time we must use information filters allowing us to ignore most of the information aimed at us. We must ignore much to learn a little.
James Bergson|Many people come and go,knowing not why they ever did so.A miserable thing can it be -unconscious of why thy Creator made thee.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The more we know, the more we grief.
Hilary Mantel|Evidence is always partial. Facts are not truth, though they are part of it – information is not knowledge. And history is not the past – it is the method we have evolved of organising our ignorance of the past. It’s the record of what’s left on the record. It’s the plan of the positions taken, when we to stop the dance to note them down. It’s what’s left in the sieve when the centuries have run through it – a few stones, scraps of writing, scraps of cloth. It is no more “the past” than a birth certificate is a birth, or a script is a performance, or a map is a journey. It is the multiplication of the evidence of fallible and biased witnesses, combined with incomplete accounts of actions not fully understood by the people who performed them. It’s no more than the best we can do, and often it falls short of that.
Miyamoto Musashi, The Book of Five Rings|In my school, no consideration is given to anything unreasonable; the heart of the matter is to use the power of the knowledge of martial arts to gain victory any way you can.
Walt Disney Company, Belle's Discovery|You have a lot to explore beyond this cottage if you want to know everything about the world. Explore until your heart is full, Belle. And then explore some more.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|Sufism," according to the Sufi, "is an adventure in living, necessary adventure.
Eraldo Banovac|I've tried to solve problems to the best of my knowledge. Many times I was successful, but sometimes I also failed. And now I finally understand – that's life.
Ron Brackin|When God asks a question, it is always rhetorical.
Jeannine Atkins, Finding Wonders: Three Girls Who Changed Science|Names and knowledge change, the way the turningworld brings color or deep shadows, without a soundeven as soft as the twist of a key in a lock.
Charles Sanders Peirce, The Fixation of Belief|To satisfy our doubts . . . it is necessary that a method should be found by which our beliefs may be determined by nothing human, but by some external permanency -- by something upon which our thinking has no effect. . . . Our external permanency would not be external, in our sense, if it was restricted in its influence to one individual. It must be something which affects, or might affect, every man. And, though these affections are necessarily as various as are individual conditions, yet the method must be such that the ultimate conclusion of every man shall be the same. Such is the method of science. Its fundamental hypothesis, restated in more familiar language, is this: There are Real things, whose characters are entirely independent of our opinions about them; those Reals affect our senses according to regular laws, and, though our sensations are as different as are our relations to the objects, yet, by taking advantage of the laws of perception, we can ascertain by reasoning how things really and truly are; and any man, if he have sufficient experience and he reason enough about it, will be led to the one True conclusion. The new conception here involved is that of Reality.
Andrew J. Bacevich, Washington Rules: America's Path to Permanent War|Worldly ambition inhibits true learning. Ask me. I know. A young man in a hurry is nearly uneducable: He knows what he wants and where he’s headed; when it comes to looking back or entertaining heretical thoughts, he has neither the time nor the inclination. All that counts is that he is going somewhere. Only as ambition wanes does education become a possibility.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Know thy self, and the world will be thy oyster!
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Truth in the human world, is constructed, defined and then reconstructed by the human self.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|It's hard to know what's right in this life,' she said. 'We do what we can, but what we really need is mercy. Do you know who taught me that?' A grin. 'You.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|There are too many literati, yet very few are smart; knowledge is acquired far too easily.
Eraldo Banovac|A wise man is humble, knowing he actually doesn't know much.
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|...sometimes it's best not to know, because even when you know, it doesn't matter anyway. Ignorance is bliss. Knowledge is often a responsibility nobody wants.
Sunday Adelaja|You must learn to see everything around yourself as a resources, your opportunities, and turn them into your weapons to get them working in your favor, in order to achieve your goal
Sunday Adelaja|You cannot do everything by yourself, you need to learn how to delegate responsibility and trust people that everything will be done on time and with highest quality
Sunday Adelaja|Often, we only dream of something but do not fulfill our purpose and that is because we do not know how to go from dream to its fulfilment
Sunday Adelaja|Your goal must be divided into smallest measurable and visible period of time- a day, so you know exactly what to do everyday
Sunday Adelaja|The person who knows his calling will not be embarrassed in front of great and famous people because he knows who he is, and he knows the purpose of his life
Greg Grandin, Kissinger's Shadow: The Long Reach of America's Most Controversial Statesman|Henry, there’s something I would like to tell you, for what it’s worth, something I wish I had been told years ago. You’ve been a consultant for a long time, and you’ve dealt a great deal with top secret information. But you’re about to receive a whole slew of special clearances, maybe fifteen or twenty of them, that are higher than top secret.I’ve had a number of these myself, and I’ve known other people who have just acquired them, and I have a pretty good sense of what the effects of receiving these clearances are on a person who didn’t previously know they even existed. And the effects of reading the information that they will make available to you.First, you’ll be exhilarated by some of this new information, and by having it all—so much! incredible!—suddenly available to you. But second, almost as fast, you will feel like a fool for having studied, written, talked about these subjects, criticized and analyzed decisions made by presidents for years without having known of the existence of all this information, which presidents and others had and you didn’t, and which must have influenced their decisions in ways you couldn’t even guess. In particular, you’ll feel foolish for having literally rubbed shoulders for over a decade with some officials and consultants who did have access to all this information you didn’t know about and didn’t know they had, and you’ll be stunned that they kept that secret from you so well.You will feel like a fool, and that will last for about two weeks. Then, after you’ve started reading all this daily intelligence input and become used to using what amounts to whole libraries of hidden information, which is much more closely held than mere top secret data, you will forget there ever was a time when you didn’t have it, and you’ll be aware only of the fact that you have it now and most others don’t … and that all those other people are fools.Over a longer period of time—not too long, but a matter of two or three years—you’ll eventually become aware of the limitations of this information. There is a great deal that it doesn’t tell you, it’s often inaccurate, and it can lead you astray just as much as the New York Times can. But that takes a while to learn.In the meantime it will have become very hard for you to learn from anybody who doesn’t have these clearances. Because you’ll be thinking as you listen to them: “What would this man be telling me if he knew what I know? Would he be giving me the same advice, or would it totally change his predictions and recommendations?” And that mental exercise is so torturous that after a while you give it up and just stop listening. I’ve seen this with my superiors, my colleagues … and with myself.You will deal with a person who doesn’t have those clearances only from the point of view of what you want him to believe and what impression you want him to go away with, since you’ll have to lie carefully to him about what you know. In effect, you will have to manipulate him. You’ll give up trying to assess what he has to say. The danger is, you’ll become something like a moron. You’ll become incapable of learning from most people in the world, no matter how much experience they may have in their particular areas that may be much greater than yours.
Ismail Kadare, The Pyramid|They had never previously been obliged to engage in such mental effort, and it gave them headaches. However, although the aim of their quest forever eluded them, they ended up finding its outline. If not the thing itself, then at least its shadow.They debated at length on all that referred to it and, to their great surprise, realised that they were already perfectly aware of what they had been looking for. They had always been privy to the main point, the first principle, of the pyramid's raison-d'être, except that it had lain in their minds in a pre-verbal, indeed in an unthinking state. The papyri of the archives had only draped it in words and in meaning. Insofar as a shadow can be draped.
Sunday Adelaja|Usually, when people get an idea, they are eager to start acting immediately, immerse themselves in the process without creating a system of actions, without being knowledgeable of the matter, without analyzing and estimating everything beforehand
Atom Tate|Now if we only knew what it means to know, we would be conscious.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If don’t want to be eliminated, you must be innovative. Update your knowledge and you won’t be outmoded.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty|Personal life, expression, knowledge, and history advance obliquely, and not directly, toward ends or toward concepts. That which is sought too deliberately is not obtained.
Erwin Schrödinger, What Is Life? with Mind and Matter and Autobiographical Sketches|We have inherited from our forefathers the keen longing for unified, all-embracing knowledge.
Sunday Adelaja|Specific knowledge is needed in every work, if we want to have success
Sunday Adelaja|The reason for the absence of success in your life is not due to the lack of money, but to not having enough knowledge of the principles of success
Sunday Adelaja|We have to continually grow in the knowledge of Christ, in order to avoid every limitation of our human understanding, and allow the Lordship of God’s information, which is hidden in His wisdom
Deyth Banger|Out there, there is some kinda genius person... I am talking about Sherlock Holmes... First very fast talking + in the same full of knowledge.
Sunday Adelaja|The more we know, the deeper we will understand our topic, so it will be easier to implement it
Mark  Lawrence, Red Sister|People always want to know things . . . until they hear them, and then it's too late. Knowledge is a rug of a certain size, and the world is larger. It's not what remains uncovered at the edges that should worry you, rather what is swept beneath.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|WONDERLANDIt is a person's unquenchable thirst for wonderThat sets them on their initial quest for truth.The more doors you open, the smaller you become.The more places you see and the more people you meet,The greater your curiosity grows.The greater your curiosity, the more you will wander.The more you wander, the greater the wonder.The more you quench your thirst for wonder,The more you drink from the cup of life.The more you see and experience, the closer to truth you become.The more languages you learn, the more truths you can unravel.And the more countries you travel, the greater your understanding.And the greater your understanding, the less you see differences.And the more knowledge you gain, the wider your perspective,And the wider your perspective, the lesser your ignorance.Hence, the more wisdom you gain, the smaller you feel.And the smaller you feel, the greater you become.The more you see, the more you love --The more you love, the less walls you see.The more doors you are willing to open,The less close-minded you will be.The more open-minded you are,The more open your heart.And the more open your heart,The more you will be able to Send and receive --Truth and TRUEUnconditionalLOVE.
Donald J. Trump|You know what uranium is, right? This thing called nuclear weapons like lots of things are done with uranium including some bad things.
Dani Shapiro, Devotion: A Memoir|It wasn't so much that I was in search of answers. In fact, I was wary of the whole idea of answers. I wanted to climb all the way inside of the questions and see what was there.
Sunday Adelaja|Use your knowledge and physical strength. You have the opportunity today, start living for Him
Sunday Adelaja|Devotion to goal, knowing your purpose and calling helps you go through pain, hindrance and crisis
Sunday Adelaja|Serve the Lord with what you have — your substance, strength, knowledge, and ability
Sunday Adelaja|Know who you are, know your mission and educate yourself in your mission field
Lao Tzu|In pursuit of knowledge, every day something is acquired. In pursuit of wisdom, every day something is dropped.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|There is only one ideal in the world, which is, the light of knowledge – the light of truth.
Sunday Adelaja|You can be a sincere person devoting yourself to your husband child or boss, but your sincerity cannot and will not, fill the gap in your knowledge about your life purpose
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|It's one of the great fallacies, it seems to me," said Lee, "that time gives much of anything but years and sadness to a man.""And memory.""Yes, memory. Without that, time would be unarmed against us.
Eraldo Banovac|Each type of knowledge has value; however, from an engineering point of view, practical knowledge seems to be more valuable than theoretical knowledge.
Eraldo Banovac|Knowledge can be acquired by education, reading, communicating and observing, but also simply by living.
Sunday Adelaja|Being aware of who you are, you will ensure that you do not waste your time spending energy on unnecessary things
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Psychologically speaking, far from being worthless, a system is indeed necessary, for any kind of human endeavor. A structure aids in the mind’s endeavor of learning. But the moment the mind becomes dependent on the system and starts trusting the system more than the internal faculties of the mind, the very element of education fades away from the system.
Sunday Adelaja|The earlier you know who you are, the more effective and successful a life you will be able to live
George Eliot, Middlemarch|I cannot imagine myself without some opinion, but I wish to have good reasons for them.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Now the common human perception about the purpose of academic institutions, is that, they are meant to put a stamp of approval on the students, so that later on the students can show off their stamp in order to make a living. The parents invest money to get the stamp, and the child uses that stamp to make more money. Where is the element of education in this whole process!
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|All knowledge is born in the mind, and circumstances make them manifest.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|After all, what is education, if not the unparalleled means to transcend the self- imposed physical limits of the mind and the body.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|All the calculus, quantum mechanics and languages in the world are worthless pieces of information, if they are not brought to the service of the society.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|If we are to rise as real Sapiens, we must work towards spreading education among the masses.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The only service to be done for our downtrodden sisters and brother, is to give them education to develop their individuality. We must give them ideas, alongside cultivating their living conditions.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The methodical implementation of modern human faculties that allow us human beings to transcend the physical limits of biological evolution is Education. However, today, the term education has become somehow synonymous with economic benefits and due to the primeval craving for security, it has disgracefully lost its very core of transcendence into the unknown. Thus, the very evolutionary seeds that gave birth to the method known as education have gone almost extinct in the modern industrialized system of soulless competition and regurgitation. Hence emerged the reason for me to get to the root of its quite unofficially accepted problems, and to concoct the thought processes that would make necessary amendments to the perceptual errors of what I call the three major nodes of education system, which are the teachers, the students and the parents.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Education is not the amount of information that is pushed into the brain and causes havoc there, undigested all through a lifetime. Education must be a symposium of life-building, character- making and assimilation of ideas in the pursuit of building a more harmonious, peaceful and truly civilized world.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Sometimes, changing circumstances also changes relationships.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Change is difficult, since it challenges the status quo.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Knowledge is something that fire cannot burn, water cannot wet, air cannot dry, thieves cannot steal, and the more you spend the more it increases.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|In relationships, the cheater is unable to trust anyone, including the cheated.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|The winning strategy is the one that successfully adapts to the changing circumstances of time, place, and person.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Those benefiting from the status quo, resist change.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Relationships need to be valued today, for tomorrow is uncertain.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Knowledge if churned like milk, results in the butter of wisdom.
Shon Mehta|When I was young, I thought I was a very smart and learned person.But now, the more I read, the more I learn, the more I think, the humbler I become.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Over time, repetition brings perfection, which brings success.
Rajen Jani|How one treats another one, determines success.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|With a common ground, solution of problems is easy.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Addressing the interests of the audience, results in effective communication.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|For further communication, previous communication may be archived or discarded.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Even if all communication from everyone is followed, yet one cannot please everyone.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Actions undertaken in anger, only result in pain, sorrow, and regret.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Leaders rule hearts, not people.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|If the difficult tasks are completed first, then the remaining tasks seem easy.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|The clearer the objective, the better the performance.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Any work not executed honestly, fails to fulfill its objective.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Criticizing is easy, performing is difficult.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You are not white,but a rainbow of colors.You are not black,but golden.You are not just a nationality,but a citizen of the world.You are not just for the right or left,but for what is right over the wrong.You are not just rich or poor,but always wealthy in the mind and heart.You are not perfect, but flawed.You are flawed, but you are just.You may just be conscious human,but you are also a magnificentreflection of God.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|For self-educated scientists and thinkers such as Charles Darwin, Srinivasa Ramanujan, Leonardo-da-Vinci, Michael Faraday, myself and many others, education is a relentless voyage of discovery. To us education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|If education were the same as information, the encyclopedias would be the greatest sages in the world.
Christopher Langan|Owing to the shape of a bell curve, the education system is geared to the mean. Unfortunately, that kind of education is virtually calculated to bore and alienate gifted minds. But instead of making exceptions where it would do the most good, the educational bureaucracy often prefers not to be bothered.In my case, for example, much of the schooling to which I was subjected was probably worse than nothing. It consisted not of real education, but of repetition and oppressive socialization (entirely superfluous given the dose of oppression I was getting away from school). Had I been left alone, preferably with access to a good library and a minimal amount of high-quality instruction, I would at least have been free to learn without useless distractions and gratuitous indoctrination. But alas, no such luck.Let’s try to break the problem down a bit. The education system […] is committed to a warm and fuzzy but scientifically counterfactual form of egalitarianism which attributes all intellectual differences to environmental factors rather than biology, implying that the so-called 'gifted' are just pampered brats who, unless their parents can afford private schooling, should atone for their undeserved good fortune by staying behind and enriching the classroom environments of less privileged students.This approach may appear admirable, but its effects on our educational and intellectual standards, and all that depends on them, have already proven to be overwhelmingly negative. This clearly betrays an ulterior motive, suggesting that it has more to do with social engineering than education. There is an obvious difference between saying that poor students have all of the human dignity and basic rights of better students, and saying that there are no inherent educationally and socially relevant differences among students. The first statement makes sense, while the second does not.The gifted population accounts for a very large part of the world’s intellectual resources. As such, they can obviously be put to better use than smoothing the ruffled feathers of average or below-average students and their parents by decorating classroom environments which prevent the gifted from learning at their natural pace. The higher we go on the scale of intellectual brilliance – and we’re not necessarily talking just about IQ – the less support is offered by the education system, yet the more likely are conceptual syntheses and grand intellectual achievements of the kind seldom produced by any group of markedly less intelligent people. In some cases, the education system is discouraging or blocking such achievements, and thus cheating humanity of their benefits.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The system that aims at educating our boys and girls in the same manner as in the circus where the trainer teaches the lion to sit on a stool, has not understood the true meaning of education itself. Instead of being like a circus where the trainer uses his stick to make animals do stunts to serve the interest of the audience, the system of education should be like an Orchestra where the conductor waves his stick to orchestrate the music already within the musicians’ heart in the most beautiful manner. The teacher should be like the conductor in the orchestra, not the trainer in the circus.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|A healthy and ideal system of education would be where a teacher would patiently impart knowledge, instead of curriculum, upon the students, only after assessing their acceptability – where a student would acquire knowledge in order to learn, not to earn – where the parents would be willing to make necessary sacrifices in order to adorn their child with curiosity and thereafter nourish that curiosity, regardless of how absurdly impractical it becomes to the eyes of the society.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The point is, education in its truest form, is the foundation of all human endeavors. It is the most noble of all the civilized elements of human consciousness. Education enables the humans to achieve their fullest mental and physical potential in both personal and social life. The ability of being educated is what distinguishes humans from animals. You can teach a cockatoo to repeat a bunch of vocabularies, but you cannot teach it to construct a space shuttle and go to the moon.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Instead of being like a circus where the trainer uses his stick to make animals do stunts to serve the interest of the audience, the system of education should be like an Orchestra where the conductor waves his stick to orchestrate the music already within the musicians’ heart in the most beautiful manner. The teacher should be like the conductor in the orchestra, not the trainer in the circus.
Nan Shepherd, The Living Mountain|Summer on the high plateau can be delectable as honey; it can also be a roaring scourge. To those who love the place, both are good, since both are part of its essential nature. And it is to know its essential nature that I am seeking here. To know, that is, with the knowledge that is a process of living. This is not done easily nor in an hour. It is a tale too slow for the impatience of our age, not of immediate enough import for its desperate problems. Yet it has its own rare value. It is, for one thing, a corrective of glib assessment: one never quite knows the mountain, nor oneself in relation to it. However often I walk on them, these hills hold astonishment for me. There is no getting accustomed to them.
Krishna Udayasankar, Three|It is easier to not know than to not comprehend, for not knowing implies that the world is large, and that is a fact. Not comprehending is a far more personal fault.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|This is not education my friend. It is a process of manufacturing computation devices that look like Homo sapiens, and thereby falsely labeled as Education.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|All systems of the society should serve the mind, instead of the mind serving the systems.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Life introduces us to the gentle, cosmic rhythms of an extraneous world. What is objective truth might exceed human capacity to ever fully perceive, comprehend, and explain.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Mind is the Alpha – Mind is the Omega. There is nothing else in the pursuit of knowledge. And more importantly, there is nothing else in education. All systems of the society should serve the mind, instead of the mind serving the systems.
Eraldo Banovac|If you cannot solve a problem, ask someone who knows.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|In sales, every prospect is a potential customer.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|In order to sell, salespersons have to correctly evaluate and cater to customer choices.
Topsy Gift|Time is deceptive, it gives you an impression that its with you but passes away without your knowledge
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|He, who don’t know the Almighty God don’t know what He knows for what he knows, knows the Almighty God as the Supreme God!
Zaman Ali, Humanity|Knowledge leads towards different kind of societies then those societies don’t relate with each other because people in those societies think, act and reacts with their knowledge that create different ways of life and different recognitions of humans.
Mike Klepper|People too often tolerate uncertainty prior to taking action; worse, some people believe that omniscience or infallibility are prerequisites for being certain, so they conclude that certainty (and therefore knowledge) is never possible. To any person who proclaims that "you can never be certain of anything", ask them: "are you sure?" and watch what happens.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Once you die, that’s it – game over.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Once you die, that’s it – game over. Death is the ultimate cessation of the individual Self.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|every single explanation that your brain concocts about a certain phenomenon on earth, is merely a virtual hunch of the neurons. Now, when your brain has access to more information, the resulting hunch would be more accurate, than another person who has less access.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|When you don’t have explanation for a certain phenomenon, as a real human, you should suspend judgement, instead of concocting supernatural explanations out of ignorance and primordial fanaticism.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|If I knew how and where to sacrifice myself, I must know how and where to save myself.
Calvin Coolidge|Knowledge comes, but Wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
H.P. Lovecraft|The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its content. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant we should voyage far. The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into peace and safety of a new dark age.
Augustine of Hippo, Letters of St. Augustine|No one should be ashamed to admit that they do not know what they do not know, in case while feigning knowledge, they come to deserve to never know.
Tracy Rees, Amy Snow|Disseminating knowledge is the human duty, sharing it about so that all can benefit.
Jeanine Joy Ph D|In America, we have an education system where we mass produce high school and college graduates that leads us into a false sense of security that wise people who came before us figured out what we need to know to have the best possible life and that when we have completed our education that knowledge has been imparted to us.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|What one person calls miracle, I call nature.
Empedocles|Weak and narrow are the powers implanted in the limbs of men; many the woes that fall on them and blunt the edge of thought; short is the measure of the life in death through which they toil; then are they borne away, like smoke they vanish into air, and what they dream they know is but the little each hath stumbled on in wandering about the world; yet boast they all that they have learned the whole—vain fools! for what that is, no eye hath seen, no ear hath heard, nor can it be conceived by mind of man. Thou, then, since thou hast fallen to this place, shalt know no more than human wisdom may attain.
Torin Sarasas|Imagination is bigger than knowledge. Yet, facts are often bigger than imagination. We didn't imagine up a black hole. We found it. We didn't imagine up the Big Bang. If it really happened we found it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without knowledge, we are weak.
Abhijit Naskar|Imagine the ancient society of India, and in fact all over the world, a few thousands years ago. In those days, rational thinking was quite scarce. Ignorance was the default mode of thinking. Only a handful of individuals were capable of higher intellectual thinking.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|That all our knowledge begins with experience there can be no doubt. For how should the faculty of knowledge be called into activity, if not by objects which affect our senses and which, on the one hand, produce representations by themselves or on the other, rouse the activity of our understanding to compare, connect, or separate them and thus to convert the raw material of our sensible impressions into knowledge of objects, which we call experience? With respect to time, therefore, no knowledge within us is antecedent to experience, but all knowledge begins with it.But though all our knowledge begins with experience, is does not follow that it all arises from experience. For it is quite possible that even our empirical knowledge is a compound of that which we perceive through impressions, and of that which our own faculty of knowledge (incited by sense impressions) supplies from itself, a supplement which we do not distinguish from that raw material until long practice and rendered us capable of separating one from the other.It is therefore a question which deserves at least closer investigation and cannot be disposed of at first sight: Whether there is any knowledge independent of all experience and even of all impressions of the senses? Such knowledge is called 'a priori' and is distinguished from empirical knowledge, which has its source 'a posteriori', that is, in experience...
Sunday Adelaja|The knowledge that God lives in us will destroy all the limitations in the mind of those who have the name of Christ, but yet are weak
Edward Said, Orientalism|Knowledge means rising above immediacy, beyond self, into the foreign and distant. The object of such knowledge is inherently vulnerable to scrutiny; the object is a ‘fact’ which, if it develops, changes, or otherwise transforms itself in the way that civilizations frequently do, nevertheless is fundamentally, even ontologically stable. To have such knowledge of such a thing is to dominate it, to have authority over it.
Robin Sacredfire|Whenever we talk about darkness and light, the terms seem so abstract that many consider the answers to be found in meditation and yoga, but I’m here to tell you that the answers are in the books you will never read, waiting all your life in the libraries you ignored and the bookstores you didn’t visit. I’m here to tell you as well that you are your own Satan and evil can’t possibly interfere more in your life than what you’re already doing to yourself by remaining ignorant. Until you choose the light, darkness is your personal choice, and there’s no reason to feel any empathy for you.
Jim Rohn|Ignoranceis not bliss. Ignorance is tragedy. Ignorance isdevastation. Ignorance creates lack. Ignorancecreates disease. Ignorance will shorten your life.Ignorance will empty your life and leave you withthe husks, nothing to account for. No, ignorance isnot bliss.Here’s another note to make: What you don’t knowwill hurt you. What you don’t know will tragicallyaffect your life. What you don’t know will leaveyour life empty. What you don’t know will leaveyou without a relationship. We’re all affected byknowledge, whether we know or whether we don’tknow. That’s why you’ve got to read the books.
Sunday Adelaja|For every success, there is a system
Wilhelm Reich, The Mass Psychology of Fascism|Work democracy cannot be imposed on people as a political system. It depends on the consciousness on the part of the working people in all professions of their responsibility for the social process. This consciousness may be present or it may grow in an organic manner, like a tree or an animal organism. The growth of this consciousness of social responsibility is the most important prerequisite for the prevention of the cancer-like growth of political systems in the social organism. If they are allowed to grow, they will sooner or later bring about social chaos. Furthermore, such consciousness of responsibility alone will, in the course of time, bring the institutions of human society into harmony with the natural functions of work democracy. Political systems come and go without stopping or fundamentally changing the social process. But the pulse of human society would stopand not return should the natural life functions of love, work and knowledge cease for only one day. Natural love, vitally necessary work and scientific search are rational life functions. They can inherently be nothing but rational. Consequently, they are diametrically opposed to any kind of irrationalism. Political irrationalism which infests, deforms and destroys our lives, is — in the strictly psychiatric sense—a perversion of social life, caused by the ostracizing of the natural life functions and by their exclusion from the determination of social life.
Isaac Asimov, The Foundation Trilogy|Q. You do not consider your statement a disloyal one?A. No, sir. Scientific truth is beyond loyalty and disloyalty.Q. Can you prove that this mathematics is valid?A. Only to another mathematician.Q. Your claim then is that your truth is of so esoteric a nature that it is beyond the understanding of a plain man. It seems to me that truth should be clearer than that, less mysterious, more open to the mind.A. It presents no difficulties to some minds. The physics of energy transfer, which we know as thermodynamics, has been clear and true through all the history of man since the mythical ages, yet there may be people present who would find it impossible to design a power engine. People of high intelligence, too.
Lyudmila Ulitskaya, The Big Green Tent|Form is what transforms the content of a work into its essence. Do you understand? The character of music arises out of its form like steam from water,’ Yury Andreevich said. ‘With solid understanding of the general laws of form, which encompass all that is amenable to formulation, one can, by groping further, perceive the individual, the particular. Then, subtracting the general, one can sense a residue where wonder lurks in its purest, most undiluted form. Herein lies the goal of theory: the more fully one grasps what is available for comprehension, the more intensely the ineffable shines.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Come out, O lions, and shake off the ancient mysticism and prejudices.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|We need to study the Word of God diligently. But we don't need to know more. We need to do more with what we know. At the end of the day, God will not say, "Well thought, Intellectual," or "Well said, Orator." There is only one commendation: "Well done, good and faithful servant!
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|In the Hebrew language, there is no distinction between knowing and doing. Knowing is doing and doing is knowing. In other words, if you aren't doing it, then you don't really know it...The phrase all out literally means "maximum effort."It's giving God everything you've got -- 100 percent. It's loving God with all your heart, soul, mind and strength. It's not just worshiping God with your words. It's worshiping God with blood, sweat, and tears. It's more than sincere sentiments. It's sweat equity in kingdom causes.You cannot be the hands and feet of Jesus if you're sitting on your butt.
Vinicius Montgomery|Reading is a powerful force that illuminates the darkness. Unfortunately, few have the courage to walk against the world in search of knowledge that transforms reality.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|It is crucial to understand the difference between knowledge, which are facts and data, wisdom, which is your ability to judge and determine which aspects of your knowledge are applicable and useful to your life, and insight, which is the deepest level of knowing based on experience, and the most meaningful to your life and success.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If seek the light of knowledge of God, we know how to live.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|The yogi, or the man of knowledge, or a devotee—all these people have got to get their mind withdrawn from the world and get it confined and concentrated in the seventh plane to see the various sportive forms of God . This is the only way and it is so eternally.
Dada Bhagwan|In the current era, to take adjustments in worldly interactions is knowledge (Gnan). One is to adjust to ‘disadjustments'.
Ross  Turner, Midnight|If there was one advantage of the numerous lifetimes he’d been forced to endure, it was undoubtedly knowledge.
Kamand Kojouri|Do not give them a candle to light the way, teach them how to make fire instead. That is the meaning of enlightenment.
Leopoldo Gout, Genius: The Game|To Learn is to create. Learning- whether it is programming, mathematics, art, music, poetry, biology, or chemistry- is all about breaking down walls and freeing the one thing that kept us alive: knowledge.Knowledge expands freedom in all its forms. Knowledge breaks down walls. It liberates the oppressed. We are committed to knowledge. Knowledge as a hammer against classism, against sexism, against racism, against gender discrimination, against slavery, against bigotry, against war, against hatred. If there is darkness in the world, we will light it up.
Isidor Rabi|Wisom is inseparable from knowledge; it is knowledge plus a quality which is within the human being. Without it, knowledge is dry, almost unfit for human consumption, and dangerous to application.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|When knowledge is put into practice, then through your experience of it, it becomes your insight.
S.J. Kincaid, The Diabolic|Our ancestors sought knowledge, but we, their descendants, glorify ignorance.
Erin Forbes, Fire & Ice: The Elementals|I did not know what the future would bring, but I knew that life is not merely about knowledge. It is about the courage and trust that we place in our stories.
attributed to Maya Aangelou|Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Heart|Life isn't static, and sometimes, we don't realize the value of knowledge or even of people, until further down the track, when we're mature enough to truly understand.
Tahir Shaz D|Knowing something is just something, until you apply your knowledge to make it everything.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|The key question, it seemed to him, was that of whether man was to obey Nature, or attempt to command her. It had been answered long, long ago, claimed Moss; man's very essence lay in the fact that he had elected to command. But to Stenham that seemed a shallow reply. To him wisdom consisted in the conscious and joyous obedience to natural laws, yet when he had said that to Moss, Moss had laughed pityingly. 'My dear man, wisdom is a primitive concept,' he had told him. 'What we want now is knowledge.' Only great disillusionment could make a man say such a thing, Stenham believed.
Todd Stocker|Execution is something, but timing is everything.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|When I was eighteen or twenty, I knew everything except what I wanted. I knew all about people, and poetry, and love, and music, and politics, and baseball, and history, and I played pretty good jazz piano. And then I went traveling, because I felt that I might have missed something and it would be a good idea to learn it before I got my master's degree. (...) And the older I grew, and the farther I traveled, the younger I grew and the less I knew. I could feel it happening to me. I could actually walk down a dirty street and feel all my wisdom slipping away from me, all the things I wrote term papers about.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|A leader’s purpose is to provide knowledge and generate trust through kindness. This will provide a foundation that allows others to make choices, right or wrong, and grow in a positive manner from the experience.
Chip Heath, Made to Stick: Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die|Once we know something, we find it hard to imagine what it was like not to know it.
Nicolás Gómez Dávila|In spiritually arid centuries, the only man to realize that the century is dying from thirst is the man who still harnesses an underground spring.
Charlotte Eriksson|This year has taught me the simple craft of belief. I believe in the things I’ve nurtured and built this year. Slowly but carefully. Such as understanding, knowledge, passion, strength; the hundreds of songs I’ve written, the 365 poems, the books I’ve read and the miles I’ve run. The resolution to breathe, to meditate, to not harm my mind or body even when I’ve felt like it. 
Abhijit Naskar|The are two kinds of people in this modern society. First and the majority are those fools who think they are wise, and second are the few wise individuals who know that they are fools.
Heraclitus|Because it is so unbelievable, the truth often escapes being known.
Muhammad Zaki|Knowledge is to seek, but not a job...
Natasha Farrant, The Secret Diary of Lydia Bennet|Do not be afraid of books, Miss Bennet. Simply treat them with the respect they deserve, and you will be richly rewarded. You do not have to be clever or rich or have attended celebrated schools or universities in order to appreciate them. It is enough simply to have an open and receptive mind-- and sometimes, it is true, a little perseverance. But you must not be afraid, Miss Bennett, for books do not judge you.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Shall that be shut to man, which to the beast Is open? or will God incense his ire For such a petty trespass? and not praise Rather your dauntless virtue, whom the pain Of death denounced, whatever thing death be, Deterred not from achieving what might lead To happier life, knowledge of good and evil; Of good, how just? of evil, if what is evil Be real, why not known, since easier shunned? God therefore cannot hurt ye, and be just; Not just, not God: not feared then, nor obeyed: Your fear itself of death removes the fear. Why then was this forbid? Why, but to awe; Why, but to keep ye low and ignorant, His worshippers? He knows that in the day Ye eat thereof, your eyes, that seem so clear, Yet are but dim, shall perfectly be then Opened and cleared, and ye shall be as gods, Knowing both good and evil, as they know.
Abhijit Naskar|Truth evolves incessantly. If it does not, it's no truth at all.
T. H. Huxley|The known is finite, the unknown is infinite; intellectually we stand on an islet in the midst of an illimitable ocean of inexplicability. Our business in every generation is to claim a little more land.
Peter H. Diamandis, Bold: How to Go Big, Create Wealth and Impact the World|For linear-thinking companies, the six Ds of exponentials are the six horsemen of the apocalypse—no question about it.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|We all tend to make zealous judgments and thereby close ourselves off from revelation. If we feel that we already know something in its totality, then we fail to keep our ears and eyes open to that which may expand or even changes that which we so zealously think we know.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|The purpose of education should ultimately be the advancement of the species. And for this to actually happen, the world needs the kind of education by means of which character is formed, strength of the mind is increased and the human intellect is expanded beyond its own limits.
Margaret Maclure, Discourse in Educational and Social Research|Perhaps the nearest one could get to a common characteristic of poststructuralism would be a radical suspicion of reason, order and certainty as governing principles of knowledge and existence...the absurd and the irrational can no longer be distinguished from the real and the rational
Abhijit Naskar|There is a system alright, but the actual element of education has long gone.
Todd Coburn, Reflection of the Son|Only in full surrender to the Spirit and to the Writings of God can a man or woman hope to find wisdom, knowledge, or an understanding of Spiritual things.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Many people know they're working, but not what they're working.
Jaime Tenorio Valenzuela|the measure of achievements in life are directly related to the acquire knowledge, not to the social recognition.
Sesan Kareem|Maybe you have been wondering about how to win the battle of life. Dress in the armour of war; be well grounded in the requisite knowledge to win your battle. Refine your skills, talents and tactics and forge ahead with determination. Prepare in advance and enter the war with the right strategy. Work with your warriors as a team. Avoid unnecessary mistakes and learn from your errors. Use the right weapons in your arsenal at the right time. Attack your struggles and protect your dreams. Know that timing is everything. Never give up until you destroy all your roadblocks. Capitalise on your strength and with victory in focus you will become a winner.
Christopher Langan|There is nothing to be gained by pretending that academic involvement is necessary, or even always desirable, in the quest for truth and knowledge.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|Sam enjoyed knowledge. The accumulation and distribution of facts gave him a feeling of control, of utility, of the opposite of the powerlessness that comes with having a smallish, underdeveloped body that doesn't dependably respond to the mental commands of a largish, overstimulated brain.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|Religion, for instance, cannot be accepted or rejected out of hand, until the student knows exactly what religion means.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|The function of the university is not simply to teach breadwinning, or to furnish teachers for the public schools, or to be a centre of polite society; it is, above all, to be the organ of that fine adjustment between real life and the growing knowledge of life, and adjustment which forms the secret of civilisation.
Kambiz Shabankare|The problem arises when a society respects its scholars lesser and lesser and replaces intellectualism with anti-intellectualism. Such society forces the most intellectual members of its, toward alienation and instead develops populism and irrationalism and then calls it anti-elitism. On the other hand, scholars, due to being undermined by the society, find any effort hopeless and isolate themselves into their work. For a scholar, personally, nothing changes because the scholar always is a scholar no matter having someone to share the knowledge with or not, but the true problem forms in the most ordinary sections of the society, which eventually creates an opportunity for propaganda, conspiracy theories, rhetoric, and bogus.
Nuno Roque|I spent most of my life trying to specialize myself. I went to theater school, film school, music school, mime school ... Finally, I was able to gather enough knowledge to build the confidence to create my own work, that goes utterly against the sense of specialization.
Jean-François Lyotard, The Postmodern Condition: A Report on Knowledge|... In the discourse of today's financial backers of research, the only credible goal is power. Scientists, technicians, and instruments are purchased not to find truth, but to augment power.
Rembrandt|Try to put well into practice what you already know. In so doing, you will, in good time, discover the hidden things you now inquire about.
John Okechukwu Munonye, A Wreath For The Maidens|We should, I think, proceed to enquire into what we mean by ideals - or rather, to examine, critically, the nature of those acts which to us appear to be outward manifestations of idealisms
Michael Sipser, Introduction to the Theory of Computation|... theory is good for you because studying it expands your mind... Specific technical knowledge, though useful today, becomes outdated in just a few years. Consider instead the abilities to think, to express yourself clearly and precisely, to solve problems, and to know when you haven’t solved a problem. These abilities have lasting value. Studying theory trains you in these areas.
Abhijit Naskar|Books may be the most valuable treasure of knowledge, but it is the human mind, that turns that knowledge into wisdom.
Duke Leto Atreides|Once you have explored a fear, it becomes less terrifying. Part of courage comes from extending our knowledge.
Felix O. Hartmann, Dark Age|Knowledge is power. The moment the masses acquire this power, control fades. And when control fades, chaos erupts.
Roshan Sharma|The natural order of life is not the thinking and imagination, but living in the moment, with absolute trust.
Mildred D. Taylor, Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry|As soon as we were outside, I whipped my hand from his. 'What's the matter with you? You know he was wrong.' Stacey swallowed to flush his anger, then said gruffly, "I know it, and you know it, but he don't know it, and that's where the trouble is. Now come on before you get us into a real mess.
Idries Shah|People in this civilization are starving in the middle of plenty. This is a civilization that is going down, not because it hasn't got the knowledge that would save it, but because nobody will use the knowledge.
Elias Canetti, Die gerettete Zunge: Geschichte einer Jugend|For I believe that part of knowledge is its desire to show itself and its refusal to put up with a merely hidden existence. I find mute knowledge dangerous, for it grows ever more mute and ultimately secret, and must then avenge itself for being secret.
Babu Rajan|Takes long,Stings hard,Benefit's large.That's your experience in life. :)
Roshan Sharma|The knowledge or information from different source can be misunderstood, unless you experience life, within. All the wisdom and bliss comes from within, and you can have, all the answers of life, when you look inside.
Babu Rajan|Takes long,Stings hard,Benefit's large.And that's your experience in life :)
Sesan Kareem|The personal development triangle includes, "knowledge" "Skills" and "Attitude." Knowledge is the foundation of all successes. the right skills will take us to great heights of accomplishment within a short period of time. But ultimately, the right attitude of faith, hope, commitment, patience, giving and determination will make anyone a super achiever.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|...were these Essays of mine considerable enough to deserve a critical judgment, it might then, I think, fallout that they would not much take with common and vulgar capacities, nor be very acceptable to the singular and excellent sort of men; the first would not understand them enough, and the last too much; and so they may hover in the middle region.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|... Lyotard suggests that while discourse operates as a system of representation which defines meanings according to their relation to other concepts in that system, figure is the realm of the singular, of that which refuses to, or simply cannot, be captured and systematized by the concept.
Sudipto Zephyr Ghosh|I know ..you know .. Together, we know nothing.
Jean-François Lyotard, The Postmodern Condition: A Report on Knowledge|Knowledge [savoir] in general cannot be reduced to science, nor even to learning [connaissance]. Learning is the set of statements which, to the exclusion of all other statements, denote or describe objects and may be declared true or false. Science is a subset of learning. It is also composed of denotative statements, but imposes two supplementary conditions on their acceptability: the objects to which they refer must be available for repeated access, in other words, they must be accessible in explicit conditions of observation; and it must be possible to decide whether or not a given statement pertains to the language judged relevant by the experts.
John Steinbeck, Cup of Gold: A Life of Sir Henry Morgan, Buccaneer, with Occasional Reference to History|It was strange to Old Robert that he, who knew so much more than his neighbors, who had pondered so endlessly, should be not even a good farmer. Sometimes he imagined he understood too many things ever to do anything well.
Stewart Stafford|Human knowledge is but a ripple on the water's surface. To go deeper, we must accept the fact that we don't know everything
Dele Ayo Bankole|It is better to know so much about a few but important things, than to know so little about life, and much about trivial things.
Greg Mongrain, To Kill a Sorcerer|Knowledge is a mighty tool, but how it will affect a person is unpredictable.
James Hauenstein|Before you start your full day of watching Equestrian Square Dancing, Soccer Balling, Hoop Dreaming, Cricket Batting, Rugby Punching, Volleyball Chopping, Skateboard Falling, Martial Arts Bowing, Bicycle Peddlers, and College Football Hecklers, maybe we have time to learn somethingScientifically.
Munia Khan|In old days, instead of asking a teacher, people looked at the dictionary to know the complete definition of teacher. Now Google becomes our teacher and to know about Google, people Google it.
Jehovah, New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures|...'By wisdom a house is built up,And by discernment it is made secure.By knowledge its rooms are filledWith all sorts of precious and pleasant treasures.'– Proverbs 24:3, 4
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Philosophical Investigations|Imagine a person whose memory could not retain what the word 'pain' meant—so that he constantly called different things by that name—but nevertheless used the word in a way fitting in with the usual symptoms and presuppositions of ‘pain’—in short he uses it as we all do. Here I should like to say: a wheel that can be turned though nothing else moves with it, is not part of the mechanism
Daniel C. Dennett|I agree with Abhijit Naskar that the path of tolerance is the only way—but it must be accompanied by continued pressure to break down barriers to access to information, so that our tolerance isn’t exploited to further the ends of totalitarian religious groups.
Norhafsah Hamid, Back to Basics|The power of knowledge is so great and forceful, if only we knew.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Did I know myself less, I might perhaps venture to handle something or other to the bottom, and to be deceived in my own inability; but sprinkling here one word and there another, patterns cut from severalpieces and scattered without design and without engaging myself too far, I am not responsible for them, or obliged to keep close to my subject, without varying at my own liberty and pleasure, and giving up myself to doubt and uncertainty, and to myown governing method, ignorance.
Dele Ayo Bankole|Knowledge is what you know,that gives you an edge overthe ordinary person.
Bertrand Russell|Change is scientific, ‘progress’ is ethical. Change is indubitable whereas progress is a matter of controversy.
Abhijit Naskar|Know the One - the Self, and you'll know the All.
Deyth Banger|This guy and this guy and this guy… knew a lot of but couldn't find the words which could explain the "knowledge".
Abhijit Naskar|Knowledge is worth nothing, until it is put to practice.
Criss Jami|The talk of sin is of course to many a big turn-off; to others, an even bigger myth - because in reality, sin is like the spiritual equivalent of a microscopic parasite, or a virus, or better yet even, an infectious disease. And just as one might never know of, until visiting a competent doctor, the tiny pathogens progressively eroding one's body, so we might never know that in sin we are eroding our being and losing direction until hearing the Word of God rightfully applied. Therefore I ask, which of the doctors would then be the more competent: the one who finds the problem and gives the solution, or the one who willfully ignores the problem (or rather finds the problem when it is much too late)? Seldom does anyone write off the knowledge of medicine for the physical body as primitive practice, so neither must the knowledge of the Word of God for one's spiritual well-being remain written off as primitive practice - quite the opposite really. As it is written thus: 'Lean not on your own understanding.
George Orwell, 1984|If one is to rule, and to continue ruling, one must be able to dislocate the sense of reality.
Adam Kirk Smith|When you have knowledge, patience, and passion, and pair those with hard work, you will find success -- but don’t ever forget about kindness.
Roshan Sharma|Everything that you wish to know, or desire for life, exists in you. All you have to do is take your attention inward and begin your search within.
Baruch Spinoza, Theological-Political Treatise|Every person should embrace those [dogmas] that he, being the best judge of himself, feels will do most to strengthen in him love of justice.
Thomas Cardinal Wolsey|Be very, very careful what you put in that head, because you will never, ever get it out.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God’s genius is as wide as the cosmos, while by comparison our intelligence can find room on the head of a pin.
Scott Westerfeld, The World of the Golden Compass: The Otherworldly Ride Continues|Ignorance doesn't lead to salvation, nor does knowledge pave the way to sin. - Cinda Williams Chima
Cecilia Payne-Gaposchkin, Cecilia Payne-Gaposchkin: An Autobiography and Other Recollections|I was to blame for not having pressed my point. I had given in to Authority when I believed I was right. That is another example of How Not To Do Research. I note it here as a warning to the young. If you are sure of your facts, you should defend your position.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|By studying yesterday, you will understand today.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Intelligence and wisdom are certainly compatible, however they are rarely seen in each other’s company.
Saminu Kanti|Education does not exist for the benefit of students or for the benefit of their parents. It's exists for the benefit of social order. You do not need to be a student or have a child who is a student to benefit from education. Every second of every day of your life, you benefit from education.
Faisal Nawaz Maitlo|If you have knowledge, then use it for educating not for degrading.
Robin Jarvis, Thomas|The path of life is strewn with many perils and the folly of knowledge is one of the greatest dangers. Wisdom is a treacherous weapon, little master, for it is sundered from compassion. All too often the end of the journey gains more import than it should and the wise become blind to the road and the method of their passing.
Roshan Sharma|When you look at the external reality, you may assume you know everything, but when you close your eyes and try to look into the darkness of your internal reality, all the knowledge of the external life fails to create a way out of the darkness.
Roshan Sharma|When you perceive through your senses, the object may be, of the outside world, but you see the object, inside of you, in your awareness field.
Baruch Spinoza, Theological-Political Treatise|He who, while unacquainted with these writings, nevertheless knows by the natural light that there is a God having the attributes we have recounted, and who also pursues a true way of life, is altogether blessed.
Roshan Sharma|If you live with the limited beliefs of your mind, you cannot see life, beyond the physical existence, while in reality, the life happens at a much deeper level.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Two there are, who are never satisfied; The lover of the world and the lover of Knowledge.
Simone de Beauvoir, Force Of Circumstance|Yet I loathe the thought of annihilating myself quite as much now as I ever did. I think with sadness of all the books I’ve read, all the places I’ve seen, all the knowledge I’ve amassed and that will be no more. All the music, all the paintings, all the culture, so many places: and suddenly nothing. ... If it had at least enriched the earth; if it had given birth to… what? A hill? A rocket? But no. Nothing will have taken place. I can still see the hedge of hazel trees flurried by the wind and the promises with which I fed my beating heart while I stood gazing at the gold-mine at my feet: a whole life to live. The promises have all been kept. And yet, turning an incredulous gaze towards that young and credulous girl, I realise with stupor how much I was gypped.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|Very often history is a means of denying the past. Denying the past is to refuse to recognise its integrity. To fit it, force it, function it, to suck out the spirit until it looks the way you think it should. We are all historians in our small way.
R.L. Hemlock|Libraries are more than just a storage place for books, they are treasure troves filled with creativity and knowledge. And that knowledge can be empowering.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality|The drive to knowledge has become too strong for us to be able to want happiness without knowledge or of a strong, firmly rooted delusion; even to imaginesuch a state of things is painful to us! Restless discovering and divining has such an attraction for us, and has grown as indispensable to us as is to the lover his unrequited love, which he would at no price relinquish for a state of indifference – perhaps,indeed, we too are unrequited lovers.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|Education being a change of behavior as a result of experience brings about wisdom and knowledge. While knowledge comes from what we read or study, wisdom comes from what we observe and experience.The purpose of education is not to affect negatively but to positively affect. When I see people using whatever wisdom or knowledge they have to cheat, I see an abuse of education all borne out of ignorance.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Do I make up some ‘god’ in my mind, or do I make up my mind to know God?
Ibn Yamin (Translated by Niayesh Afshordi)|One who knows and knows that he knows…His horse of wisdom will reach the skies.One who knows, but doesn’t know that he knows…He is fast asleep, so you should wake him up!One who doesn’t know, but knows that he doesn’t know…His limping mule will eventually get him home.One who doesn’t know and doesn’t know that he doesn’t know…He will be eternally lost in his hopeless oblivion!
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|In order for knowledge to be of value, there must be an internal process of understanding how that knowledge applies to reality. Furthermore, that understanding must be translated into a corresponding change of behavior. This is the process of learning. Learning is the process of adapting knowledge and experience into a change of behavior.
Max Weber|The intellect, like all cultural values, has created an aristocracy based on the possession of rational culture and independent of all personal ethical qualities of man. The aristocracy of intellect is hence an unbrotherly aristocracy.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Origin of Inequality|We seek knowledge only because we desire enjoyment, and it is impossible to conceive why a person who has neither desires nor fears would take the trouble to reason.
J. Grant Howard, Balancing Life's Demands: A New Perspective on Priorities|J.I. Packer says that we have "conformed to the modern spirit: the spirit, that is, that spawns great thoughts of man and leaves room for only small thoughts of God." We have "allowed God to become remote." Christians who don't have an expanding, deepening knowledge of God are like players who have no coach, no rule book, no game schedule, no playing field, no training program. They are depending on one thing to win - uniforms.
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|We are wise when we live according to what we have come to understand. Wisdom is not altogether about the amount of understanding that we possess. Wisdom is about living according to the understanding that we have already discovered. Wisdom is doing that which we understand. Wisdom comes only in doing. It is an easy thing to gain knowledge and experience, yet harder to understand and become wise.
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|Liberty creates an environment where all living beings within a society have an equal opportunity to exercise freedom. An equal opportunity to exercise freedom would further infer that, in liberty, living beings have equal access to knowledge and experience. Knowledge and experience are both inseparable from freedom. Liberty is balanced societal freedom and may also be considered balanced knowledge and experience. With equal access to knowledge and experience, living beings have an equal opportunity to enhance their abilities. Liberty is perceived as true freedom because it maximizes the opportunities for most living beings within a society.
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|Power is the ability to bring to past a desired result. The exercise of power requires action. The key to power is in understanding how to use that which is already available to us in order to accomplish a sought after goal. The power comes from understanding and acting according to that understanding. When we live according to Truth, we thereby bring power to light. Yet we are never powerful because of ourselves, it is Truth alone that is powerful. We are, therefore, powerful only in proportion to our understanding in light of our situation. Understanding who, what, when, where, how, or why in light of our current situation is what determines the balance of power. Power is the effect of understanding. Therefore, the one who seeks to be powerful must first seek out knowledge and experience by the means of questioning and curiosity. Only through knowledge and experience may we obtain understanding. Only through understanding may we obtain power, and understanding is the power of the wise.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Only the foolish would think that wisdom is something to keep locked in a drawer. Only the fearful would feel empowerment is something best kept to oneself, or the few, and not shared with all.
Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel|Of course, even before Flaubert, people knew stupidity existed, but they understood it somewhat differently: it was considered a simple absence of knowledge, a defect correctable by education. In Flaubert's novels, stupidity is an inseparable dimension of human existence. It accompanies poor Emma throughout her days, to her bed of love and to her deathbed, over which two deadly agélastes, Homais and Bournisien, go on endlessly trading their inanities like a kind of funeral oration. But the most shocking, the most scandalous thing about Flaubert's vision of stupidity is this: Stupidity does not give way to science, technology, modernity, progress; on the contrary, it progresses right along with progress!
Warren Ellis, Crécy|These things are going to look primitive to you, but you have to remember that we’re not stupid. We have the same intelligence as you. We simply don’t have the same cumulative knowledge you do. So we apply our intelligence to what we have.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|People who give the best are those who give of themselves – your time, talents, words, knowledge.
Nicholas Browne|I love people that read. I think it screams humility. When someone reads, they are essentially admitting they want more, that the world is not enough for them. They want more knowledge, more experience. Whatever this life is, they want more of it.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|He who believes not in your quest should not sail with you, so that he won't sink your ship.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|You may have good skills and better knowledge, but it is your attitude that will bring people closer to you.
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|Everybody possesses knowledge and experience that is considered to be unique to them alone; therefore, everyone has something to learn from everyone else.
Abby Fabiaschi, I Liked My Life|In the argument over whether knowledge is power or ignorance is bliss, it seems I've always come down on the side of ignorance. And when that's the side you fall on, you don't realize it until it's too late.
Joseph P. Kauffman, Stillness: A Guide to Finding Your Inner Peace|Much of our suffering is caused by our false perceptions and attachment to mental images. We assume things to be true without really knowing whether they are true or not, then create a world of hurt for ourselves and others.
John Cheever|Like all bitter men, Flint knew less than half the story and was more interested in unloading his own peppery feelings than in learning the truth.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Using reason without applying it to experience only leads to theoretical illusions. Ideas derived from real world experiences lead to acquisition of knowledge, and the accumulation of time-tested principles leads to wisdom.
Joseph P. Kauffman, Stillness: A Guide to Finding Your Inner Peace|Our perception is our window to the world, and we need to wipe the dust off of our window often so we can continue to see through it clearly.
Joseph P. Kauffman, Stillness: A Guide to Finding Your Inner Peace|Many people have failing relationships because they have not really fallen in love with each other, but they have fallen for the mental images they have created of one another. We assume we know our partner, we think about them nonstop, creating many different ideas of who they are, what they like, and how we will be together, then as soon as our partner does something that doesn’t fit with our mental image of them, we become sad, upset, confused, or heart broken. Our partner did not cause our suffering; we caused it, through our false perceptions and mental images.
Joseph P. Kauffman, Stillness: A Guide to Finding Your Inner Peace|The majority of people in modern society feel separated—from the world, each other, and themselves. This feeling of separation is a resultfrom we humans attempting to separate ourselves from nature, and consequently forgetting who we really are.
Joseph P. Kauffman, Stillness: A Guide to Finding Your Inner Peace|When we think of something, we create a mental image of it, and our image is then always filtered through our mental perception. We may meet someone one day when they are in a bad mood, we then make a false assumption that this person does not like us. We have created an image of this person, and now every time we meet them, we associate this person with our negative mental image of them. We don’t interact with them as they are in this moment; we interact with how we think they are.
Rachel Naomi Remen, Kitchen Table Wisdom: Stories That Heal|Facts bring us to knowledge, but stories lead to wisdom.
Christina Engela|If we refuse to accept knowledge because it frightens us, we will never grow. If we give in to fear, we will never outgrow hatred
Saaif Alam|When you initiate something creative and develop your policies that are solution based, you would then be able to flourish audiences who can heavily rely on your ideas for future success.
Samantha Hunt, Mr. Splitfoot|Why do the living assume the dead know better than we do?Like they gained some knowledge by dying, but why wouldn’t they just be the same confused people they were before they died?
Pearl Zhu, Digital Valley: Five Pearls of Wisdom to Make Profound Influence|Creativity has many dimensions, with multi-faceted truth and myth and manifold knowledge.
Ryan Letourneau|If we had less people who don't know what they are talking about acting like they know what they are talking about, then that's one step closer to making the world a better place.
Eraldo Banovac|Knowledge is a unique kind of property, indeed: you can share it with others, while still possessing it.
kambiz shabankareh|Good heart does not produce science or even art, but knowledge does, intellect does and absolutely expertise does.
Barbara Wersba, Walter: The Story of a Rat|Dear Miss Pomeroy, I am saddened by the things I do not know. There are hundreds--thousands--of books in the world and I will never be able to read all of them.I am old.Walter
Debasish Mridha|Creativity is a song of knowledge, imagination, and action.
Joseph P. Kauffman, Stillness: A Guide to Finding Your Inner Peace|We spend so much of our time lost in thought, trying to label everything as isolated objects and events. Though we fail to realize that our thoughts are incapable of defining anything in its totality. We can think about a situation for as long as we want to, but our thoughts will never know the situation exactly as it exists.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Everything turns in circles and spirals with the cosmic heart until infinity. Everything has a vibration that spirals inward or outward — and everything turns together in the same direction at the same time. This vibration keeps going: it becomes born and expands or closes and destructs — only to repeat the cycle again in opposite current. Like a lotus, it opens or closes, dies and is born again. Such is also the story of the sun and moon, of me and you. Nothing truly dies. All energy simply transforms.
Carlo Rovelli, Seven Brief Lessons on Physics|Here, on the edge of what we know, in contact with the ocean of the unknown, shines the mystery and beauty of the world. And it’s breathtaking.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance.
Chuck Klosterman, But What If We're Wrong?|We’re starting to behave as if we’ve reached the end of human knowledge. And while that notion is undoubtedly false, the sensation of certitude it generates is paralyzing.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Ultimately, nobody can get more out of things, including books, than he already knows.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|It is usually unbearably painful to read a book by an author who knows way less than you do, unless the book is a novel.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|You are more likely to find three TVs inside a randomly selected house than you are to find a single book that is or was not read to pass an exam, to please God, or to be a better cook.
Theodore Schick Jr., How to Think about Weird Things: Critical Thinking for a New Age|The amount of understanding produced by a theory is determined by how well it meets the criteria of adequacy–testability, fruitfulness, scope, simplicity, conservatism–because these criteria indicate the extent to which a theory systematizes and unifies our knowledge.
Catherine de Hueck Doherty, Sobornost: Experiencing Unity of Mind, Heart and Soul|There is no sobornost without crucifixion, because it is through pain that one acquires that deep knowledge that has nothing to do with books and education… that deep knowledge that is given by God and by God alone that builds the foundation of unity. People thus united are transparent, and it is in those depths that one finds, I repeat, the foundation of sobornost… of unity.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|It’s there in your own Bible, Carlotta. Two trees—knowledge and life. You eat of the tree of knowledge, and you will surely die. You eat of the tree of life, and you remain a child in the garden forever, undying.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|There are things in life that science will never be able to see. We have to rely on what has been passed from our ancestors, generation to generation.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Loyalty|Teachers see coldness in the world and light fires in the minds of their students, hoping for a warm summer. Sadly, some cannot bear the flame, some turn away from the heat, and some twist the fire to burn.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Demetrius the grammarian finding in the temple of Delphos a knot of philosophers set chatting together, said to them, “Either I am much deceived,or by your cheerful and pleasant countenances, you are engaged in no very deep discourse.” To which one of them, Heracleon the Megarean, replied: “ ’Tis for such as are puzzled about inquiring whether the future tense of the verb Ballo be spelt with adouble L, or that hunt after the derivation of the comparatives Cheirou and Beltiou, and the superlatives Cheiriotou and Beliotou, to knit their brows whilst discoursing of their science; but as to philosophical discourses, they always divert and cheer up those that entertain them, and never deject them or make them sad.
Bikash Bhandari|The word "Wisdom" was for the people who have high level of inferiority complex and who are battling with some hard times.
Debasish Mridha|Knowledge is the most essential ingredient of life, and it comes from curiosity.
Debasish Mridha|Common sense comes not just from knowledge, but also from wisdom.
Marek Halter, Mary of Nazareth|I no longer know what the Lord wants of us... Even what we're doing here seems pointless to me! What's the use of the books I've brought with me? All those bookcases in the house? The things we learn, the things we discuss? Not so long ago, I was convinced that cultivating our minds would help us change the course of this world. I told myself, 'We women should change. Then we might be able to curb the folly of men.' I don't believe that now. As soon as I leave Magdala, as soon as I spend a day in the streets of Tarichea, I get the feeling we're becoming more and more learned and more and more useless.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|How would you ever come to know God’s name for that star? – You wouldn’t, He holds it close, the boy said. It’s a thing you’ll never know. It’s a lesson that sometimes we’re meant to settle for ignorance. Right there’s what mostly comes of knowledge [boy tips his chin at the battlefield]
Debasish Mridha|If your thirst for knowledge is strong enough, you will find the waters to satisfy it.
Steven Magee|You know when 1 in 2 marriages ends in divorce, 1 in 42 boys have Autism, and safety complaints from the majority of whistle-blower's are not being upheld, that you are living in a seriously dysfunctional society.
Markus Gabriel, Why the World Does Not Exist|When, at a closer glance, so many objects are questionable, when all knowledge seems to be clothed in a kind of deep unknowing, why do we still place any trust at all in reality as it appears to us, in the world in which we seem to live?
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|Cities are more than the sum of their infrastructure. They transcend brick and mortar, concrete and steel. They're the vessels into which human knowledge is poured.
Anna Breslaw, Scarlett Epstein Hates It Here|It's amazing how the more you read, the less you know.
Christopher Langan|We live in a highly complex, technological world – and it's not entirely obvious what's right and what's wrong in any given situation, unless you can parse the situation, deconstruct it. People just don't have the insight to be able to do that very effectively.
Jennifer Donnelly, These Shallow Graves|You, on the other hand, wish to know things. And no one can forgive a girl for that.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|Despite these afternoon misgivings and self-reproaches I clung to my notion, ill-defined though it was, that a serious study of human knowledge, or theory, or belief, if undertaken with a critical but not a cruel mind, would in the end yield some secret, some valuable permanent insight, into the nature of life and the true end of man.
John Ruskin, Sesame and Lilies|the true knowledge is disciplined and tested knowledge,—not the first thought that comes, so the true passion is disciplined and tested passion,—not the first passion that comes. The first that come are the vain, the false, the treacherous; if you yield to them they will lead you wildly and far, in vain pursuit, in hollow enthusiasm, till you have no true purpose and no true passion left. Not that any feeling possible to humanity is in itself wrong, but only wrong when undisciplined.
Kathleen McCook|There is a difference between information and knowledge, and the most important role of the library is not providing access to information; it is supporting, enhancing, and facilitating the transfer of knowledge - in other words, education.
Look Im A Cat|Knowledge is the Best Weapon, Experience is the Best Teacher,Respect is the Best Admirer, But Life Is the Best Answer
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|I have accepted that I don't know all the things that I ought to know, but I do know things that I need to know.
Eric Roxas|To admit your ignorance is freeing. To say, "I don't know" is to free yourself from having to come up with a bullshit answer.
Amit Kalantri|Be a true traveller, don't be a temporary tourist.
Umberto Eco|I like the notion of stubborn incuriosity. To cultivate a stubborn incuriosity, you have to limit yourself to certain areas of knowledge. You cannot be totally greedy. You have to oblige yourself not to learn everything. Or else you will learn nothing.
Debasish Mridha|Knowledge, ideas, and wisdom are the most powerful forces that we can use to improve lives while bringing peace to this beautiful world.
David Nicholls, Starter for Ten|the crucial thing about an education is the opportunity tat it brings, the doors it opens, because otherwise knowledge, in and of itself, is a blind alley
Danny Listyo|The more knowledge that distributed, the more people know, so the more worthless that knowledge.
Amit Kalantri|A man might share his wealth, but never his authority.
Amit Kalantri|Travelling shouldn't be just a tour, it should be a tale.
M.L. Wang, Theonite: Planet Adyn|Power means different things to different people. For poets and politicians, words are power. For some, money is power. For most of Earth’s history, weaponry and resources have constituted power. My grandfather always told me—and I believed for many years—that knowledge was power. But the funny thing about power is that no matter what you think it is, or how much you think you have, it’s the people above and all around you who get the final say.
Amit Kalantri|Be creative while inventing ideas, but be disciplined while implementing them.
Michel Foucault, The Order of Things: An Archaeology of the Human Sciences|This book first arose out of a passage in Borges, out of the laughter that shattered, as I read the passage, all the familiar landmarks of my thought—our thought that bears the stamp of our age and our geography—breaking up all the ordered surfaces and all the planes with which we are accustomed to tame the wild profusion of existing things, and continuing long afterwards to disturb and threaten with collapse our age-old distinction between the Same and the Other. This passage quotes a ‘certain Chinese encyclopaedia’ in which it is written that ‘animals are divided into: (a) belonging to the Emperor, (b) embalmed, (c) tame, (d) suckling pigs, (e) sirens, (f) fabulous, (g) stray dogs, (h) included in the present classification, (i) frenzied, (j) innumerable, (k) drawn with a very fine camelhair brush, (l) et cetera, (m) having just broken the water pitcher, (n) that from a long way off look like flies’. In the wonderment of this taxonomy, the thing we apprehend in one great leap, the thing that, by means of the fable, is demonstrated as the exotic charm of another system of thought, is the limitation of our own, the stark impossibility of thinking that.
Criss Jami|The only sort of pride that may serve a man well on that rarest occasion is his hatred of being wrong. It keeps his mouth shut, his ears open, and his research extensive. And yet this is also the deadliest because when he is in fact proven wrong, he absolutely refuses to acknowledge it. It then keeps his mouth open, his ears shut, and his research inexistent.
Gabriella Jording|Foreign to knowledge, mystery to senses, alien to emotion: LOVE.
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|Falsity consists in the privation of knowledge, which inadequate, fragmentary, or confused ideas involve.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Success, Bill Gates said, is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.Same goes for good looking people. Beauty reduces the consciousness that it takes more to catch the heart of the right partner.We often think being good at one thing is all we need to succeed, but hey, success is less of what you are good at, but more of what you are good for.Of what use is beauty with no brains, culture without character, knowledge that does not impact, or skill that does not add value?For any seemingly "good" thing to last, great attention we must pay to the unseen intrinsic component that sustains it.
Amit Kalantri|Life is not only about acquiring knowledge, it is about applying knowledge.
Criss Jami|Know the word of God not in order that by doing so you might be saved; know it rather so that unlike the many you are not easily deceived. You may find that, evidently, a great many of the so-called novel ideas of the present were made without a clue that 'God', if you will, already laid profound discourse on or against them ages ago: no man has gone against God in such a way that God, from the beginning, did not already expect him to. Then, insofar as this, you will remain clear in that it is not at all that the Christian should be against newness; quite the opposite really - for a major point of Christianity is about one constantly being made new in Christ - it is only that many people are not actually bringing true newness to the table, and this is precisely because they do not first apply (or let alone even know) the wisdom of old.
Amit Kalantri|Enjoy without injury, live without loss.
Werley Nortreus|In life, you learned that not all white people are racist, not all black folks are criminals, let's admit it and love one another..
Amit Chatterjee|Future has a scheming, naughty and intelligent mind. It is never fully predictable!
Steven Magee|If I were to go back in time with the knowledge that I have today about Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS), I would invest the money into changing the electrical characteristics of my body and exhaust that route first, particularly if no one else in the home is showing the condition. If everyone is sick in the home, it is probably an environmental issue that warrants expense on changing the environmental factors.
Amit  Chatterjee|Wisdom is available free of charge, but one has to give away somethings to acquire it!
Peter Mayle|Perhaps the single most enjoyable part of my researches, which covered a period of about four years, was meeting the artists themselves, the people who provide the luxuries. All of them, from tailors and boot makers to truffle hunters and champagne blenders, were happy in their work, generous with their time, and fascinating about their particular skills. To listen to a knowledgeable enthusiast, whether he's talking about a Panama hat or the delicate business of poaching foie gras in Sauternes, is a revelation, and I often came away wondering why the price wasn't higher for the talent and patience involved.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Knowledge, Understanding, Wisdom: the tripartite force in the pursuit of Divine Access|Where there is knowledge, the rooms arefurnished with valuable, beautiful things.(GNB)
Danail Hristov, The End of the Jesus Era|Life continues even if no one has proven to us the shape and size of the Earth, even if no one has informed us about the composition of air and the depth of sky.We will not float in weightlessness simply because we have not read the lesson on gravity.
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|Sometimes one has to know something many times over. Sometimes one forgets, and then remembers. And then forgets, and then remembers. And then forgets again.
Stewart Stafford|When you choose to look down on something, you render yourself incapable of understanding it.
Moutasem Algharati|Knowledge is a commodity to be shared. For knowledge to pay dividends, it should not remain the monopoly of the selected few.
Allan Amanyire|History, Geology, Psychology, Philosophy, Chemistry, Physics, Theology, Mathematics, Technology, Sociology, Biology, and the list goes on and on. If all this body of knowledge exist for human consumption, why would I specialize in only one field?
Raheel Farooq|Philosophers wonder when they do not know, artists when they do.
Neal Stephenson, The Diamond Age: or, A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer|In your Primer you have a resource that will make you highly educated, but it will never make you intelligent. That comes from life. Your life up to this point has given you all the experience you need to be intelligent, but you have to think about those experiences. If you don't think about them, you'll be psychologically unwell. If you do think about them, you will become not merely educated but intelligent.
Nikki Rowe|They judged me like they would judge themselves and that's what they could never understand, we are all human but we are not the same.
Abdulkadir Abdullahi Mohamed Mirre|People believe that Noah's Ark is a legend when we are already apart of this legend, look around what do you see?
Auliq-Ice|When it comes to learning, there are no boundaries and restrictions literally; all you have to do is to start it where you are.
Gaia Servadio, Renaissance Woman|This was the end of the Renaissance. Culture, once beloved and fostered by the papacy, opened the way to dangerous freedom. Then - as now - knowledge, culture, intellectual curiosity became suspect, even dangerous to oppressive regimes: knowledge leading to engaging the mind into reasoning, culture into wanting to know more, intellectual curiosity sharpening the appetite for information, fact. Ignorance was considered safe and political oppression went hand in hand with the congregation of the Inquisition.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as one sees faults with the world, he prevails in the knowledge of the senses. The inner purification has not yet occurred in him.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|Blount sat down to the table and leaned over close to Singer. "There are those who know and those who don't know. And for every ten thousand who don't know there's only one who knows. That's the miracle of all time - the fact that these millions know so much but don't know this. It's like in the fifteenth century when everybody believed the world was flat and only Columbus and a few other fellows knew the truth. But it's different in that it took talent to figure that the earth is round. While the truth is so obvious it's a miracle of all history that people don't know.
Michael Crichton, Micro|If nothing else, school teaches that there is an answer to every question; only in the real world do young people discover that many aspects of life are uncertain, mysterious, and even unknowable. If you have a chance to play in nature, if you are sprayed by a beetle, if the color of a butterfly's wing comes off on your fingers, if you watch a caterpillar spin its cocoon-- you come away with a sense of mystery and uncertainty. The more you watch, the more mysterious the natural world becomes, and the more you realize how little you know. Along with its beauty, you may also come to experience its fecundity, its wastefulness, aggressiveness, ruthlessness, parasitism, and its violence. These qualities are not well-conveyed in textbooks.
Marc Ashton|Even though I left school at age fifteen, I loved learning and continued to learn through my careers as a photojournalist, filmmaker, and explorer. I was taught that education is the great equalizer and knowledge is power. I prefer to think that knowledge is understanding; the more one knows, the less one fears.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|Failure to find the truth is perhaps an intellectual defeat, but failure to look for the truth is an intellectual surrender.
Abhijit Naskar|Should you wish to pursue the infinity of truth, you must make yourself humble as ashes and vigorous as the wind.
James Emlund|The acquiring of intelligence doesn't require an institution if you got the heart to seek knowledge, and the balls to use it as wisely as those who came before you.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|They say "the taste of the pudding is in the eating," but that doesn't apply to "a square peg in a round hole".If the peg is driven by hunger to give and desire to fill, and the hole on the other hand is moved by thirst to receive and purpose to fulfil, then a deep knowledge of the reason for existence, a mutual understanding of roles, and the wisdom to effectively carry out those roles are very key, if we must have a round peg in a round hole, or a square peg in a square hole.But then again, who cares about "shape" in desperation?!
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|The quest for knowledge is what makes humans survive, even if it hurts.” I have trouble imagining that this éminence grise was once a sixteen-year-old Hungarian boy in a death camp. “There’s a troublesome verse from Ecclesiastes about this,” he tells me. “It says that the more we know, the more pain we have. But because we are human beings, this must be. Otherwise we become objects rather than subjects.” He pauses for a moment to let this sink in. “Of course, it hurts when we see pictures of people throwing themselves out of windows, children who are orphaned, the widows,” Wiesel says. “But there is no way out of what we’ve seen.” “And how do we live with what we know?” I ask “How can we live with not knowing?
Kiady Diaz|Those with knowledge crave to become wiser, not powerful.
Ullmann, Linn|A man wakes up and for a few moments he experiences everything exactly as it is. Jon wrote: A man wakes up and is lucid. It doesn’t last long, though, he thought, that kind of lucidity. If it did you wouldn’t be able to stand it, it would kill you.
John Fowles, The Collector|Look, Miranda, he said, those twenty long years that lie between you and me. I've more knowledge of life than you, I've lived more and betrayed more and seen more betrayed. At your age one is bursting with ideals. You think that because I can sometimes see what's trivial and what's important in art that I ought to be more virtuous. But I don't want to be virtuous. My charm (if there is any) for you is simply frankness. And experience. Not goodness. I'm not a good man. Perhaps morally I'm younger even than you are. Can you understand that?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Truth is the preferred weapon of God, and censorship is the most abused tool of the Devil.
Criss Jami|So the paradox goes: No man who is really ignorant is ever aware that he is ignorant. That is its finest, most faulty manifestation; there can be no true ignorance without first some claim of intelligence or consciousness, or superiority or enlightenment.
Terry Pratchett, The Science of Discworld|As humans, we have invented lots of useful kinds of lie. As well as lies-to-children ('as much as they can understand') there are lies-to-bosses ('as much as they need to know') lies-to-patients ('they won't worry about what they don't know') and, for all sorts of reasons, lies-to-ourselves. Lies-to-children is simply a prevalent and necessary kind of lie. Universities are very familiar with bright, qualified school-leavers who arrive and then go into shock on finding that biology or physics isn't quite what they've been taught so far. 'Yes, but you needed to understand that,' they are told, 'so that now we can tell you why it isn't exactly true.' Discworld teachers know this, and use it to demonstrate why universities are truly storehouses of knowledge: students arrive from school confident that they know very nearly everything, and they leave years later certain that they know practically nothing. Where did the knowledge go in the meantime? Into the university, of course, where it is carefully dried and stored.
Carl Sagan|The suppression of uncomfortable ideasmay be common in religion and politics, but it is not the path to knowledge; it has no placein the endeavor of science.
Jules Verne|Still, for long the love of science triumphed over all other feelings. He became an artist deeply impressed by the marvels of art, a philosopher to whom no one of the higher sciences was unknown, a statesman versed in the policy of European courts. To the eyes of those who observed him superficially he might have passed for one of those cosmopolitans, curious of knowledge, but disdaining action; one of those opulent travelers, haughty and cynical, who move incessantly from place to place, and are of no country.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|Sufis (the name for the realised individual, not the learner or follower) are reunited with objective Reality and Unity.
Ramesh Ponnuru|[To admit that college isn't for everyone] may sound élitist. It may even sound philistine, since the purpose of a liberal-arts education is to produce well-rounded citizens rather than productive workers. But perhaps it is more foolishly élitist to think that going to school until age 22 is necessary to being well-rounded, or to tell millions of young adults that their futures depend on performing a task that only a minority of them can actually accomplish.It is absurd that people have to get college degrees to be considered for good jobs in hotel management or accounting — or journalism. It is inefficient, both because it wastes a lot of money and because it locks people who would have done good work out of some jobs. The tight connection between college degrees and economic success may be a nearly unquestioned part of our social order. Future generations may look back and shudder at the cruelty of it.
Mark Hodder, The Curious Case of the Clockwork Man|The acquisition of knowledge has become too intimidating a prospect for them, so they shun it in favour of faith.
Hymen Chonon Berkowitz|Where should one turn for guidance in an appraisal of of the essence of justice, morality, ethics, religion, science, literaturem, and the like? Not to the past, for history is willfully misinterpreted; and not to the church, which is ineffective because of the cowardice of its leaders. Even science cannot be helpful beccause its exponents have succeeded only in destroying the harmony of life. It is therefore the duty of literature to rediscover the truth and beauty of life that other means have failed to find.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|By degrees they spoke of education , and the book-learning that forms one part of it; and the result was that Ruth determined to get up early all throughout the bright summer mornings, to acquire the knowledge hereafter to be give to her child. Her mind was uncultivated, her reading scant; beyond the mere mechanical arts of education she knew nothing; but she had a refined taste, and excellent sense and judgment to separate the true from the false.
Debasish Mridha|Intelligence is not knowledge, but it is a state of mind.
Alex Stein, Weird Emptiness: Essays and Aphorisms|If the gods exist, then it does not matter whether or not this is something that one knows.
James Jean-Pierre|Ignorance is toxic. If a man hands you a cup of coffee and pours in what he calls liquid sugar when the container clearly says poison, how bliss is your ignorance?
Charles Wheelan, Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science|How much does it cost to treat leprosy? One $3 dose of antibiotic will cure a mild case; a $20 regimen of three antibiotics will cure a more severe case. The World Health Organization even provides the drugs free,but India‘s health care infrastructure is not good enough to identify the afflicted and get them themedicine they need.So, more than 100,000 people in India are horribly disfigured by a disease that costs $3 to cure.That is what it means to have a per capita GDP of $2,900.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, it is a great Self-effort to deliberately remain ignorant despite knowing, right? I deliberately remain ignorant in spite of having the Knowledge.
Muriel Barbery|There are days when I feel I have been able to grasp all there is to know in one single gaze, as if invisible branches suddenly spring out of nowhere, weaving together all the disparate strands of my reading--and then suddenly the meaning escapes, the essence evaporates, and no matter how often I reread the same lines, they seem to flee ever further with each subsequent reading...
Murad S. Shah|The questions you don't ask are just as important as you do. The questions you ask show what you understand, and ones you don't show what you know.
Laurence Overmire|There is no nobler profession, nor no greater calling, than to be among those unheralded many who gave and give their lives to the preservation of human knowledge, passed with commitment and care from one generation to the next.
Rebecca Solnit|The thing the nature of which is totally unknown to you is usually what you need to find, and finding it is a matter of getting lost. The word "lost" comes from the Old Norse los, meaning the disbanding of an army, and this origin suggests soldiers falling out of formation to go home, a truce with the wide world. I worry now that many people never disband their armies, never go beyond what they know.
Slavoj Žižek|Experts are by definition the servants of those in power: they don't really THINK, they just apply their knowledge to problems defined by the powerful.
Criss Jami|Pride is pride not because it hates being wrong, but because it loves being wrong: To hate being wrong is to change your opinion when you are proven wrong; whereas pride, even when proven wrong, decides to go on being wrong.
William Shakespeare, Love's Labour's Lost|Come on then, I will swear to study soTo know the thing I am forbid to know- Berowne
Andrew Loomis|One’s skill is never complete, one’s knowledge is forever lacking, one’s taste is invariably altered, one’s opinion ever subject to controversy. There is a complete and constant urge towards improvement.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I spent all the money I had, to get the sacred books of my life.
Trevor Driggers|The internet is a blessing and curse, because it's a gateway to an endless plethora of information. However it's flooded with pseudoscience, fringe science, false information, contrived statements, pure lies, & utter misrepresentations of facts.  It's essentially a situation were you're mining for genuine gold in a cave of fools gold, & while genuine gold exists, it's overwhelmed & obscured so often by imitation.
Dr. MaryAnn Diorio|He who thinks he knows it all knows very little." ~ Dr. MaryAnn Diorio
Debasish Mridha|Knowledge is the seed for thought. Knowledge, experience, and thoughts give birth to wisdom.
Barry Schwartz|on "idea technology"--Science creates ideas, science creates ways of understanding. And in the social sciences, ways of understanding ourselves. And they have an enormous influence on how we think, what we aspire to, and how we act. ......idea technology may be the most profoundly important technology that science gives us.......we do have to worry about the theories we have of human nature, because human nature will be changed by the theories we have that are designed to explain and help us understand human beings....it is only human nature to have a human nature that is very much the product of the society in which people live.--TED The way we think about work is broken
Alberto Villoldo|We must think of ourselves as a tribe — as an international community that has come together with a common purpose of being initiated into the process.We all have to do it together. There is a link that happens — where THE growth, my growth, depends on the others' growth around us.We can no longer take these steps by ourselves. We have created a synergistic community. We must take a step towards knowledge together.
James Jean-Pierre|It pains me to have all this knowledge and no one to share it with, I’d have to say its number 3 on my list. – Of what causes me the most pain.
James Jean-Pierre, Unlocking Of Secrets|If my brain was examined, they'd call me crazy… and for a long time I thought I was. Articles, doctors and psychiatrist and a whole bunch of other people constantly tell me there’s something wrong with me, so how could I not believe it. I now realize I’m not crazy, I just have access to a different part of the brain. A part of the brain that will cause people to kill themselves, because it’s so hard to handle.
Norris J. Lacy, The Post-Vulgate Cycle: The Merlin Continuation|... the more I seek, the less I find.
Aaron Russo|Every man is insane, however only a few actually have true insanity.
G. Willow Wilson, Alif the Unseen|So the stories aren't just stories, is what you're saying. They're really secret knowledge disguised as stories.""One could say that of all stories, younger brother.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The Creator favors the man who loves over the man who hates. If you teach hatred to your children, one day your child will have that hatred reflected back onto them, or onto you.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|The glass candle is meant to represent truth and learning, rare and beautiful and fragile things. It is made in the shape of a candle to remind us that a maester must cast light wherever he serve, and it is a sharp to remind us that knowledge can be dangerous.
Kathryn Schulz, Being Wrong: Adventures in the Margin of Error|The world is outside us; our senses are within us. How, then, do the two come together so that we can know something? Obviously our senses can't go forth and drag an actual chunk if the world back to their internal lair, intact and as is, for the benefit of the rest if the brain.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|The difficulty of learning the dead languages does not arise from any superior abstruseness in the languages themselves, but in their being dead, and the pronunciation entirely lost. It would be the same thing with any other language when it becomes dead. The best Greek linguist that now exists does not understand Greek so well as a Grecian plowman did, or a Grecian milkmaid; and the same for the Latin, compared with a plowman or a milkmaid of the Romans; and with respect to pronunciation and idiom, not so well as the cows that she milked. It would therefore be advantageous to the state of learning to abolish the study of the dead languages, and to make learning consist, as it originally did, in scientific knowledge.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|That which is now called learning, was not learning originally. Learning does not consist, as the schools now make it consist, in the knowledge of languages, but in the knowledge of things to which language gives names.
Sultan Alzahrani|The Angry Face" cannot deliver the knowledge correctly often!
Criss Jami|For a great many skeptics are put to waste. But this is meant in the sense that which they vainly focus their energy on ridiculing a certain tiny denomination of Biblical fundamentalism, a denomination seated just one chair away from unbelief; they, the skeptics, cannot believe because they are the most literal of fundamentalists: of those that which must interpret Scripture only by means of a sort of obsolete and dead script of intellectual incompetence. By all means, this is supposed to happen - Scripture states of itself that all thought and interpretation is folly without the Holy Spirit - but on the other hand, it seems, ironically, that if one thinks that the Bible is, in its true essence, an outdated text, he doesn't know much about the world around him nor those who live in it. Either that, or he doesn't know much about what it says in relation to the world around him nor to those who live in it. It's as though he, too, is dead to the world and it to him. He has no spirit: he can only possibly understand Scripture as deceased rather than the modern world's very living narrative.
Deyth Banger|You have this and this, soon it will come and this and you are still at this level of knowledge... so poor for you!
Sultan Alzahrani|The Angry Face, cannot deliver the knowledge correctly often!
Kemi Sogunle|When you hoard knowledge, you deprive yourself of blessings and growth.
Matthew Norman, Domestic Violets|I know nothing,” I say, cheerfully.“You never seem to. Have you ever wondered why that is?”“It’s very deliberate. I’ve found that knowledge is usually a burden. I prefer to be surprised and then eventually horrified.
Dada Bhagwan|All the activities that are happening in this world are indeed done through the intellect; there is no need for Knowledge there. Knowledge is indeed in Knowledge (Knowing). And whatever actions are done through the intellect, the Knowledge ‘Knows’ it too.
Dada Bhagwan|Every action (‘doing’) causes bondage. ‘Doing’ is not needed for Liberation. For liberation, ‘action’ of Knowledge is required. Action of ignorance [of the self] is bondage. Action done with egoism is known as ignorant-action and the action done without egoism is known as knowledge-action.
Kathryn Schulz, Being Wrong: Adventures in the Margin of Error|Reliance on other people's knowledge. . . . buys us all a lot of time. It also buys us, in essence, many billions of prosthetic brains.
Kathryn Schulz, Being Wrong: Adventures in the Margin of Error|The world is outside us; our senses are within us. How, then, do the two come together so that we can know something? Obviously our senses can't go forth and drag an actual chunk of the world back to their internal lair, intact and as is, for the benefit of the rest of the brain.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The sacred souls with humility, seek knowledge from the Great Spirit.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|The less he understands something, the more firmly he believes in it.
Nikki Rowe|I don't wear the opinions of others anymore, I learnt to dress myself.
Rashedur Ryan Rahman|when you become addict in to MATERIAL things in life then the TRUE natural life start to run away from you, YES! it's can give you certain pleasure in the society but in the same time it will sabotage your true HAPPINESS of life which we could have simply with GRATITUDE and FORGIVENESS
Amit Dixit|About my father.....My father was a very simple person. When I was small I never understood why he is so simple actually I disliked it. He use to go to office and return late and have dinner with us. I use to think he never stood for me on anything. But he was the person who uses to take me to the market for Diwali shopping. He uses to give me 20 Rs to eat at school when he had only 30. He tried to fulfill all my wishes in his range. He uses to take me on his bicycle after school tuition and walk while making me sit on bicycle. He uses to scare away lizards for me. He uses to play with me. He was the one who told me to work hard when I failed. He never scolded me for studies but only when I killed an insect intentionally. He was the one who taught me physics and mathematics.Once he found a wounded parrot on the road and he bought him home. He brought medicine for him and applied it on his wounds. Later on a cat took that parrot and he ran after her but the parrot died. He did not had proper food for three four days.He spent each and every penny of his earning for our happiness and never forgot to return any pending amount. He use to talk to us but very less and joke sometimes. His style was very different, we use to tell him to use dye or color on his hairs but he always refused. And when he smiled and laughed he doesn’t stop. For every question he had one answer:-“TRUST GOD HE WILL DO EVERYTHING,HE IS THE ONE WHO DOES EVERYTHING”. He uses to discuss with us lot on Bhagwat Gita. Once he told me:- “ Bade prem se milna jag mae sabse aye insaan na jane kis vesh mae tujse mil jayen bhagwaan(meet each person with full love as you never know in which form god will come in front of you)”.To that I replied:-“ But according to Bhagwat gita this is kalyug and all will deceive you if you do that”. He never drunk alcohol or had non-veg.His habits were like –“If he don’t want to do something he will not do it”. But later on he started consulting me (A foolish person like me).I use to shout at him each time I was leaving home as he use to put my wallet at some secret safe place. And when he had not kept it even I use to say “you must have kept it”. He just kept quiet. But later I came to know about the place and it was always the same and I myself realized that why am I shouting at him. Once he said to me “ bache apne aap he sekhtae hain(Children learn by themselves)”. I daily use to woke up walk up to him and say something and then lie down beside him and sleep again. I had lot of fights with him and he was never angry on me. He was just realizing that I am becoming responsible son and we had lot of dreams together and we use to plan a lot.His smile, his eyes, his habits, his innocence, his politeness , his sense of responsibility , his teachings , his knowledge ,his humble nature, his moral values, his love for humans and animals, being non arrogant , no anger, he was never hungry for money , his voice :-“ hello Sonu beta , theak ho ( My Son – Sonu , are you fine)” , his watch, his mobile case, his phone, his shoes, his specs , his laugh, his jokes and all the qualities that were infinite.
Miyamoto Musashi|From one thing, know ten thousand things.
Norton Juster|Words and numbers are of equal value, for in the cloak of knowledge one is warp and the other woof.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We spend great sum of money to buy good books, so that we can satisfy our pleasure of reading.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The longer the wondering, the longer the writing.
Ken Liu, The Man Who Ended History: A Documentary|The fact that we can never have complete, perfect knowledge does not absolve us of the moral duty to judge and to take a stand against evil.
Dual Authorship.|No man has all the knowledge on any subject at any time." - Rev., Dr. John Q. Kenzy - I added to Dr, Kenzy's quote as follows: "So then we can all stand to learn more about what we know or what we think we know." C. R. Lord
Unarine Ramaru|Don't just become a monument of information, rather a solace of knowledge refuge.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|I know a great number of things, though never all at once or for very long.
Debasish Mridha|The sun enlightens everyone, but the light of knowledge enlightens those who are actively seeking the light.
Dada Bhagwan|What is considered [True] Knowledge? There should be solution from all sides, there should be no contradiction. It is a non-contradicting principle when a spoken sentence will be the same even after fifty years; there will be no contradictions.
Dada Bhagwan|Union with [True] Knowledge is ‘Principle’ [Established Truth] and union with the three [mind, speech and body] is ‘non principle’ [absence of principle].
Dada Bhagwan|Knowledge’ may be there but ‘correctness’ is required along with it. If you have ‘knowledge’ but don’t have the ‘correctness’; you will go to moksha, but others will not gain any benefit!
Dada Bhagwan|What is the body complex (pudgal)? It is influx and outflow (puran-galan); it is credit and debit. And if you attain knowledge of the Soul, the Self, then you will attain Moksha (liberation).
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Understanding knowledge as an essential element of love is vital because we are bombarded daily with messages that tell us love is about mystery, about that which cannot be known. We see movies in which people are represented as being in love who never talk with one another, who fall into bed without ever discussing their bodies, their sexual needs, their likes and dislikes. Indeed, the message is received from the mass media is that knowledge makes love less compelling; that it is ignorance that gives love its erotic and transgressive edge. These messages are brought to us by profiteering producers who have no clue about the art of loving, who substitute their mystified visions because they do not really know how to genuinely portray loving interaction.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The truly wise are meek. Yet being small and meek do not make one weak. Arming oneself with true knowledge generates strong confidence and a bold spirit that makes you a lion of God. The Creator does not want you to suffer, yet we are being conditioned by society to accept suffering, weak and passive dispositions under the belief that such conditions are favorable by God. Weakness is not a virtue praised by God. How could he desire for you to be weak if he tells us to stand by our conscience? Doing so requires strength. However, there is a difference between arrogance when inflating your ego, and confidence when one truly gets closer to God. One feels large, while the other feels small. Why? Because a man of wisdom understands that he is just a small pea in a sea of infinite atoms, and that in the end — we are all connected. And did you not know that the smaller a creature is, the bolder its spirit?
Criss Jami|Some of the most polished ideas are discovered through healthy, honest debate, so if you don't argue with yourself every once in a while, other people will gladly point out if, in any sense, you missed a spot.
Jean-François Lyotard, Libidinal Economy|Are we, intellectual sirs, not actively or passively 'producing' more and more words, more books, more articles, ceaselessly refilling the pot-boiler of speech, gorging ourselves on it rather, seizing books and 'experiences', to metamorphose them as quickly as possible into other words, plugging us in here, being plugged in there, just like Mina on her blue squared oilcloth, extending the market and the trade in words of course, but also multiplying the chances of jouissance, scraping up intensities wherever possible, and never being sufficiently dead, for we too are required to go from forty to the hundred a day, and we will never play the whore enough, we will never be dead enough
Bram Stoker|There is a reason that all things are as they are, and did you see with my eyes and know with my knowledge, you would perhaps better understand.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|We are generally treated based on how much or little we have, earn, or know—or seem to have, earn, or know.
John F. Kennedy|In a time of turbulence and change, it is more true than ever that knowledge is power.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|HOW CAN YOU KNOW THIS?” the Voice demanded.“I look at things and think about them,” Folly replied. “And use my intuition, of course, and deduction and induction, as well as any historical or theoretical models that seem to apply.
Theodore Volgoff, The Pool|To uncover new knowledge, and to find the truth, one must dare venture into the unknown.
Shiv Khera, You Can Win: A Step by Step Tool for Top Achievers|Schools are a fountain of knowledge: some students come to drink , some to sip and others just to gargle.
Francis Bacon|If in other sciences we should arrive at certainty without doubt and truth without error, it behooves us to place the foundations of knowledge in mathematics.
Dada Bhagwan|Circumstances can change through worldly knowledge (ignorance of the self, the Soul) and also through (true) knowledge (realization of the self). With ignorance, circumstances will bring entanglements and with (true) knowledge, circumstances will bring solutions. (True) Knowledge itself changes circumstances. Is God likely to come down and do so?
Dada Bhagwan|Kashays [anger-pride-deceit-greed] will not leave by suppressing them, they go away through Gnan (Enlightened Knowledge).
NITYA MORE|What comes from experience is knowledge,what comes naturally is wisdom.
Amit Kalantri|Knowledge was scattered treasure, education organized it into art, commerce and science.
Deyth Banger|The Best films are a small amount, some films learn us things which we won't forget, others just show us one of the things which we already know others just lose our time. But which are the best? and Which you will choose?.. Are the best two questions you must ask yourself before you start watching a film!
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you search enough, you will find.
Jule Warner|Isn't it a good thing we don't know everything? If we did, we wouldn't have a reason to have curiosity, and curiosity is like imagination, taking us back to the time when we were just children in our own fantasylands.
