Stephen Lovegrove|Whether we are at Cafe Gratitude or Carl’s Jr, whether we are in a cathedral or in a nightclub, whether we are inside of a mosque or on the metro, every single moment is a sacred moment. A moment far too important for us to miss. When we miss the people and the experiences and the feelings of our lives, we miss God. We don’t get to know the joy of seeing God show up in the world. More profoundly, we don’t get to participate in the wonder of God showing up in the world.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts Devotional: Reflections on Finding Everyday Grace|While I may not always feel joy, God asks me to give thanks in all things because He knows that the feeling of joy begins in the action of thanksgiving.
Sam Politinsky|My life consists of two things,Pain and hardship that no one but me can describe,Love and joy that can only be mesured in who I am
Douglas Adams|He hadn't realized that life speaks with a voice to you, a voice that brings you answers for the questions you continually ask of it, had never consciously detected it or recognized its tones until it now said something it had never said to him before, which was "yes".
Kary Rader, A Taylor-Made Life|may he bring you life, and in that life, may you find joy.
Michael Levy|New Year, new month, new day, new moment, all places we have never been before. Enjoy each experience with relish & spice... tasty times ahead.
Marcia Lebhar|The author of Hebrews says what kept him (Jesus) going was "the joy set before him" (Hebrews 12:2). The joy of accomplishing what had been lovingly planned from the beginning...the joy of pleasing his Father. And you. Your face was before him. He was willing to bear the terrible irony of obscurity to accomplish the plan, to please his Father, and to win you.
Kathryn Davis, Duplex|There was a worm addicted to grape leaves, she continued, and suddenly it woke up. Call it a miracle, whatever, something woke it up and it wasn’t a worm anymore. It was the whole vineyard, and the orchard too, the fruit, the trunks, an ever-expanding joy that didn’t need to devour anything.
James L. Craig|If I live for you, I can fulfill your happiness, but if you allow me to then you don't care about mine.
Lisa Bedrick|As Christians, we call ourselves people of faith, but how much practical faith do we really have?
Debasish Mridha|We are the source of infinite love, infinite joy, and infinite happiness, but we spend our whole life looking for love, joy and happiness. How foolish is this?
Debasish Mridha|Service is joy, service is happiness.
Debasish Mridha|With your, love touch someone's heart, feel their soul, enjoy their bliss, share your joy, and then become their friend.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Give a smile always, not once a while. Life's great when you wake up and ignore the scaring nightmares you had. Forget the bitter bile; life's sweet beyond River Nile. File your teeth out and smile!
Anonymous|Until further notice, celebrate everything.
Ellen G. White|At the very crisis, when Satan seemed about to triumph, the Son of God came with the embassage of divine grace.
Jennifer Lynch|464Joy is found in the breath of acceptance knowing that all is well in our world, if we surrender with grace.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|People lack morals, good moral character is important in every aspect of your life. Honesty and Integrity opens the door. Your character allows others to see you for who you truly are. Make your first impression a lasting impression. Ironically it may be your last impression
Don Carpenter|The more he loved and was loved, the better his life got. At once it seemed to Jack like a magical solution to everything. If only everyone loved everyone else! Then there would be no trouble in the world. It seemed so easy. If we all just reached our hands out to each other, what peaks of human joy could we not achieve!
Gabor Maté|Adults envy the open-hearted and open-minded explorations of children; seeing their joy and curiosity, we pine for our own capacity for wide-eyed wonder.
Sadhguru|The most beautiful moments in life are moments when you are expressing your joy, not when you are seeking it.
Debasish Mridha|A little caring, a little love, and a little kindness can give you joy and bring enduring happiness.
Debasish Mridha|A loving heart is the source of all happiness, all joy and all bliss.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is there when you express kindness, compassion, and unconditional love and fill yourself with bliss and joy.
Debasish Mridha|Be the gardener of love and joy, Happiness will bloom in your garden.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever you smile, whenever you care, whenever you love, whenever you share, your spirit will dance with joy because happiness is there.
Debasish Mridha|Service is joy, Service is the kindnessService is love, Service is the happiness
Debasish Mridha|I am responsible for my life, my happiness, and my joy. I am responsible for my faults, which will destroy.
Debasish Mridha|When we learn to enjoy success as well as failure, we will be eternally happy and joyful for sure.
Debasish Mridha|Do what you like and like what you doIt will bring success, joy and happiness to you.
Debasish Mridha|Sadness is pervasive, so focus on joy, focus on happiness.
Debasish Mridha|When happiness depends on a situation or creation, it is not happiness; it is the joy of action.
Debasish Mridha|Life is not about success; life is about joy, peace, and happiness.
Thomas More|If it be a point of humanity for man to bring health and comfort to man, and especially to mitigate and assuage the grief of others, and by taking from them the sorrow and heaviness of life to restore them to joy, that is to say, to pleasure, why may it not then be said that nature does provoke every man to do the same to himself?
Swami Dhyan Giten|The mother is the child's first relationship, his whole world, his existence. If there is love in the relationship between the child and the mother, the child learns to trust himself, to trust others and to trust life. If there is no love in the relationship between the mother and the child, the child learns to distrust himself, to distrust others and to distrust life.
Swami Dhyan Giten|A child comes from God, a child is a gift from God, but a child is not our possession. Give the child unconditional love and freedom. Respect the child, the child has its own soul. The child has its own way.
Debasish Mridha|Let me be kind, let me be compassionate, let me be joyful, and let me sing a song of love.
Debasish Mridha|You are a gift, so open yourself everyday to see the beauty with love, wonder and feel the joy.
Debasish Mridha|No matter wherever you are,share your joy to make this world joyful and better.
Debasish Mridha|Live, not just for livingLive, not just for gettingLive for the beauty of lovingLive for the joy of giving.
Debasish Mridha|A writer draws a road map where readers walks with their love, joy, anger, tears, and dismay. Every story, every poem, has different meanings for every reader.
Debasish Mridha|Life has sadness, joy, beauty, like poetry.So be passionate and write a great story.
Debasish Mridha|To feel pure joy, sell your pride and be loving and kind.
Shannon L. Alder|A warrior doesn’t worry. He or she evaluates the situation, investigates the source, calculates the risks and benefits, formulates a plan then puts it into action.
Sue Detweiler, 9 Traits of a Life-Giving Mom: Replacing My Worst with God's Best|As you walk with Jesus, resting your head on His heart, you will learn to know His Word, His will, and His ways. You will want to obey Him, not out of forced compliance, but out of heartfelt connection. Your joy will abound as you remain in His love.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|So difficult is it for us to know, with the dead as with the living, whether a thing would cause them joy or sorrow!
Germany Kent|Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy and the make the most of where you are.
Richard Rohr|We have been shown how to fight hate without becoming hate ourselves. We have been given a Companion and a Friend and not just a good idea. We have been given joy in the midst of failure, and not just a way of winning or being right.
Emily Arden, Lover by Moonlight: Deception: Book One|It was a perfect moment and she was shocked to feel a tear roll slowly down her cheek. The warm droplet reached his finger where it lay against her skin, and even though it was far too dark to see anything clearly, she sensed that he was bringing it up to his mouth.
Ellen G. White|But Jesus, our Advocate, presents an effectual plea in behalf of all who by repentance and faith have committed the keeping of their souls to Him.He pleads their cause, and by the mighty arguments of Calvary vanquishes their accuser.
Emily Arden, Lover by Moonlight: Deception: Book One|Perhaps it was the darkness and secrecy that lent an extra layer of excitement to their meeting? Certainly, all of her other senses felt heightened to an almost unbearable extent. She couldn’t see, but she could hear the distant strains of dance music as the steady beat thrummed through her body; and she could feel so much with just one touch.
George Matheson|Men ask for a rainbow in the cloud; but I would ask more from Thee. I would be, in my cloud, myself a rainbow -- a minister to others' joy. My patience will be perfect when it can work in the vineyard
Therese May, By Moonlight|It wasn’t a normal joy, it was a bitter joy, but somehow the bitterness made the joy even more wonderful.
Elizabeth Eulberg, Better off Friends|I remembered reading somewhere that if you smile at something, it automatically makes you happier.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|God is not ignoring your prayers, He is working behind the scene perfecting all that concerns you, praise Him.
Ayn Rand, We the Living|And because she worshipped joy, Kira seldom laughed and did not go to see comedies in theaters. And because she felt a profound rebellion against the weighty, the tragic, the solemn, Kira had a solemn reverence for those songs of defiant gaiety.
Ashay Abbhi, Chronicles of Urban Nomads|There was a spring in his carefully measured step. He opened the door and let the sunlight in, as if opening himself up, letting pent-up energy out and, letting the world enter inside- letting the light illuminate him. It was strange to see him like that, a tad amusing perhaps. He had thought it over. He had decided to welcome me with happiness and joy and to present his best self to me, whenever I decide to come.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|There is no destination; when you manifest the love, health, money you so desire and deserve, you will have the desire to manifest more. Your soul wants all these experiences and declaring your desires is just a way of directing you towards a pathway that will give you all the experiences you want on a deeper level. Fly up in your balloon, take your loved ones with you and while you are up there, make rainbows appear, just like I did.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|You have the power to shape your life the way you want it to be. Every though, every word, every action guides you with a purpose. And that purpose is to fulfill your destiny. Some may say you're just a dreamer. But everything imagined began with a dream.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A joyful life,reaching out to people from all walks of life.
Vishwas Chavan|We alays blame the outer world for our failures, unhappiness and frustration. It is time to realise that it is health, harmony and wealth of our inner world that determine the degree of our success, joy, peace and bliss.
Jeremiah Burroughs|A godly man in the midst of the waves and storms that he meets with can see the glory of heaven before him and so contents himself. One drop of the sweetness of heaven is enough to take away all the sourness and bitterness of all the afflictions in the world. We know that one drop of sourness, or one drop of gall will make bitter a great deal of it; but if you put a spoonful of gall into a cup of sugar, it will embitter that. Now it is otherwise in heaven: one drop of sweetness will sweeten a great deal of sour affliction, but a great deal of sourness and gall will not embitter a soul who sees the glory of heaven that is to come.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not allow what you long for...., prevent you from enjoying the moment. Be joyful in the present, at the appointed time your wish will be granted.
Charles de Leusse|Love is tears of joy, this is the baptism of fingers. (L'amour, c'est larme de joie, - C'est le baptême des doigts)
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Joy is a flame that glimmers only in the palm of the open and humble hand. In an open and humble palm, released and surrendered to receive, light dances, flickers happy. The moment the hand is clenched tight, fingers all pointing towards self and rights and demands, joy is snuffed out. Anger is the lid that suffocates joy until she lies limp and lifeless.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Wonderful life, life live to inspired other people.
Beverley Nichols, Down the Garden Path|It was not till I experimented with seeds plucked straight from a growing plant that I had my first success...the first thrill of creation...the first taste of blood. This, surely, must be akin to the pride of paternity...indeed, many soured bachelors would wager that it must be almost as wonderful to see the first tiny crinkled leaves of one's first plant as to see the tiny crinkled face of one's first child.
Shannon L. Alder|Do not conform to seek the seekers, but leave the leavers. Wisdom comes from facing what you do not yet understand.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|I've said this before, but people love you for so many reasons. Some love you only for what you do for them. Some love you for how much money you spend. Some love you for your possessions. By now, we should know that isn't love, but merely infatuation. Don't be fooled into thinking a person like that is going to hang around once those things are gone.
Agnostic Zetetic|All I’m saying is that I want you to be happy. I don’t care how it happens, or what it takes to facilitate it. I don’t care if it happens with me or without me. I don’t care if you use me to get there, or if I’m entirely irrelevant to your process. None of me is attached to how your happiness happens; I care only that it does.
Ayn Rand, The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism|One gains a profoundly personal, selfish joy from the mere existence of the person one loves. It is one’s own personal, selfish happiness that one seeks, earns and derives from love.
Jonathan Sacks|When my late father died — now I'm in mourning for my late mother — that sense of grief and bereavement suddenly taught me that so many things that I thought were important, externals, etc., all of that is irrelevant. You lose a parent, you suddenly realize what a slender thing life is, how easily you can lose those you love. Then out of that comes a new simplicity and that is why sometimes all the pain and the tears lift you to a much higher and deeper joy when you say to the bad times, "I will not let you go until you bless me.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Fresh, solid ideas feel like gifts to writers, therefore every morning is Christmas.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Many things are spoken out loud, but be careful of those words that you whisper to yourself. You have the ability to uplift yourself or condemn yourself. If your thoughts are depressingly running across your mind. You need to make adjustments and change your way of thinking.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|As a poet there is something about joy I find hard to express, whereas every other emotion is rather simple. For instance, you never feel so bad that you can't describe how bad you feel, but joy on the other hand is far too divine for human language.
Moffat Machingura, Life Capsules|Crying makes problems seem longer, and laughing makes problems seem shorter. Therefore in life if you cannot find a way out of your problems just take a short cut through them: that shortcut is laughter.
Wendy Beckett, Sister Wendy's Meditations on Joy|Although we cannot command it, we choose joy, making a deliberate commitment to happiness (essentially another word for peace).
Swami Dhyan Giten|When I was 15 years old, I came in contact with my first ashram, my first spiritual commune, in the form of Ljusbacken ("The Hill of Light") in Delsbo in beautiful Halsingland in the north of Sweden. Ljusbacken consisted of an international gathering of yogis, meditators, therapists, healers and seekers of truth. It was on Ljusbacken that I for the first time came in contact with my path in life: meditation.It was also on Ljusbacken that I meet people for the first time in my 15 year old life, where I on a deep wordless level felt that I meet people, who were on the same path as me. It was the first time that I meet people, who could put words on and confirm my own inner thirst after something that I could only occasionally sense vaguely, like some sort of inner guiding presence, or like a beacon in the distant far out on the open and misty ocean. For the first time in my life, I meet brothers, sisters and friends on the inner path. It was also on Ljusbacken that I meet the mystery called love for the first time in my 15 year old life. With my 15 year old eyes, I watched with wide eyed fascination and fear filled excitement the incomprehensible mystery, which is called woman.My own thirst after truth, together with my inner guiding light, resulted in an early spiritual awakening when I was 15 years old. It led me back to the inner path, which I have already followed for many lives. It led me back to a life lived with vision, with dedication and meaning, and not only a life governed by the endless desires of the ego, a mere vegetating without substance between life and death. It led me to explore the inner journey again, to discover the inner being, the meditative quality within, and to come in intimate contact with the endless and boundless ocean of consciousness, like the drop surrenders to the sea. At the source, the drop and ocean are one.
Toni Sorenson|If you’re giving to get, all you’ll receive is disappointment. But if you’re giving to give, all you’ll receive is joy.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Healing is the way of the heart. This book is an invitation to open our heart. Healing is a love affair with life.Healing is pure love. Love is what creates healing. Spiritual healing is to be one with ourselves. And to be one with ourselves is to be in joy.Healing is to develop our inner being. Healing is to discover that which is already perfect within ourselves. It is to rediscover our inner life source. Spiritual healing is to be one with life. We are never really alone, it is our idea of a separate "I" that creates the feeling of being separate from life, from the Whole.In reality there is only one heart, a pulsating Existential heart. Our own heart pulsates in unity with the Existential heartbeats. We are all notes in the Existential music, and without our unique note the music would not be complete. We are all needed in the Whole; we all have our unique fragrance, quality and gifts to contribute to the Whole.More than 30 years ago, I had an individual consultation with a spiritual teacher. I did not have time to sit down before I got the question: "You are interested in healing, are you not?" It was the first time that I encountered the topic that would become my way and deep source of joy in life. This spiritual teacher finished the consultation saying: "You will be a fine healer."The art of healing is the psychology of being, the science of inner transformation. The psychology of being begins where Western psychology ends. It goes beyond Skinner, Freud, Jung, Rogers, Maslow and humanistic psychology. The psychology of being is the psychology of consciousness, a psychology for inner transformation. It is not basically a question of psychology, it is a question of being. The psychology of being begins where we are, and take us to everything that we can be.The underlying theme the psychology of being is meditation - but not meditation as a static technique - but as the capacity to BE with ourselves and others in a quality of watchful awareness, acceptance and realization.The art of being is a search beyond the personality. It a search beyond the thoughts, the emotions and the learned attitudes of the personality, to the inner being, to the depth within, which is hidden in ourselves.The inner being is a deep acceptance of ourselves as we are; the inner being is to be available to life. The inner being is to be in unity with life. This book is an invitation to meet the inner being, our inner source of love, joy, acceptance, humor, intuition, understanding, wisdom, truth, silence and creativity.
Wendy Beckett, Sister Wendy's Meditations on Joy|In grief, part of the pain comes from our feeling that we should not suffer so - that it is fundamentally alien to our being, this even though we all suffer, and frequently. Yet we reject suffering as a basic human truth, while greeting joy as integral to our very substance.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Working with people is basically not a question of formal education; working with people is a question of energy and awareness. Everyone can basically work with people. It is a question of developing a presence and a quality to work from. It is also about discovering our own unique way to be and work with people from our authentic inner being.The most important healing- and therapeutic ability is the capacity to be present. To be present means to develop a presence and a quality to work from. It means to be present with an open and relaxed heart, and to be grounded in our inner being, in the meditative quality within.Presence means to work from a meditative quality, from an inner "yes"-quality, from a state of non-doing. It is to be present for another person as a supporting light, as a supporting presence.Meditation is the way to deepen our capacity to be present, and explore how to bring the meditative presence into the healing- and therapeutic process. It is about developing a meditative presence and quality, to develop the inner "yes"-quality, the silence and emptiness within ourselves, the inner source of healing and wholeness, the capacity to surrender to life.
Carmela Dutra|When you find that one book, that one that makes you tingle. It's almost like you found a little piece of magic.
Wendy Beckett, Sister Wendy's Meditations on Joy|This is the real power of joy, to make us certain that, beneath all grief, the most fundamental of realities is joy itself.
Elizabeth Goudge, A City of Bells|For a few minutes the anxiety that tormented him had vanished, leaving his mind as serene as the beauty he looked at. Very lovely, he thought, are the sudden moments of relief that come in the midst of strain, those moments of forgetfulness when we are "teased out of thought" by a bird or a flower or the sight of old roofs in the sun; lovely though so transient, the reversal of those brief moments of misery that visit us even in the midst of joy.
Geoffrey Wood|Joy is that paradox where a man so trusts, is so enraptured, as to be caught up and lost in the other, while at the same time, being utterly known by the other, thus utterly himself.
Geoffrey Wood|In Joy, to lose one’s life is to gain it, and Joy never loses an opportunity to be lost in the other.
Andrew Murray, The Master's Indwelling|I see what the joy is; it is the joy of always loving, it is the joy of losing my own life in love to others.
Angelica Hopes|True sense of humour and true, deep happiness never depend on the after effects of destructive vices
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|I feel like spring after winter, and sun on the leaves; and like trumpets and harps and all the songs I have ever heard!
David W. Earle|The key problem I encounter working with wounded, depressed, and unhappy people is a lack of connection…starting from a disconnection from themselves and then with others. This is why love often becomes so distorted and destructive. When people experience a disconnection from themselves, they feel it but do not realize the problem.
David W. Earle|You did not invent these family habits. Your family is like mine, for thousands and thousands of years our families have embraced a dysfunctional lifestyle, passing these habits as gospel on to subsequent generations. This was not done out of malice, spite, or hate, but what they knew best. As ineffective as these habits are, you never stopped to consider another way of loving.
David W. Earle|No one escapes some degree of chaos for it is so ever prevalent; it is the human experience. This realization does not mean we can’t improve. It does mean we can accept our state of chaos, lighten up on ourselves, have fun, and work on improving…we are a work in progress. Enjoy the journey.
Donna Lynn Hope|Joy – in the fall, winter, and always in the mountains where people are few, wildlife is abundant and there is peace in the quiet.
Sue Fitzmaurice|When you stop doing what insults your Soul, your Journey accelerates and your Life beings to fill with joy.
Sue Fitzmaurice|Even when we're standing at the scariest precipice ever, our soul still cries out for joy.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|But does it make any sense at all to know that it ends badly for all of us, even the happiest of us, and that we all lose everything that matters in the end-and yet to know as well, despite all this, as cruelly as the game is stacked, that it's possible to play it with a kind of joy?To try to make some meaning out of all this seems unbelievably quaint. Maybe I only see a pattern because I've been staring too long. But then again, to paraphrase Boris, maybe I see a pattern because it's there.
Stephanie Lahart|They said that you would never make it, but you did. They said that you would quit, but you persevered and fought through every obstacle that came your way. They said that you didn’t have what it takes, but you proved them ALL wrong. Not only do you have success, but you have peace and joy within. You never compromised your character and you tackled everything with dignity. You didn’t allow any challenges to discourage you, because you knew all along that there was a winner in you. You doubted yourself at times, but you didn’t allow anything or anybody to keep you down. You made it! Be proud of your accomplishments! Enjoy all of the benefits from your hard work and dedication!
David W. Earle|Many of the habits of dysfunctional families use are not from the lack of love but are the result of fear. Knowing the love-limiting habits and behaviors of dysfunctional families is a wonderful beginning to lower the fear, allowing us to be real, allowing us all to learn how to love better.
Loren Eiseley|At the core of the universe, the face of God wears a smile
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|She was capable of causing me pain, but no longer any joy. Pain alone kept my wearisome attachment alive.
Moffat Machingura, Life Capsules|If neither crying nor laughing can change my circumstances, then I rather go through them laughing.
S.D. Gordon|There are always lone hearth-fires; so many! And those who sit beside them, with the empty chair, cannot restrain the tears that will come. One sits alone so much. There is some One unseen, just here within reach. But somehow we don't realize His presence. Realizing is blessed, but--rare. It belongs to the mood, to the feelings. It is dependent on weather conditions and bodily conditions. The rain, the heavy fog outside, the poor sleep, the twinging pain, these make one's mood so much, they seem to blur out the realizing.But there is something a little higher up than realizing. It is yet more blessed. It is independent of these outer conditions, it is something that abides. It is this: recognizing that Presence unseen, so wondrous and quieting, so soothing and calming and warming. Recognize His presence--the Master's own. He is here, close by; His presence is real. Recognizing will help realizing, too, but it never depends on it.Aye, more, immensely more, the Truth is a Presence, not a thing, a fact, a statement. Some One is present, a warm-hearted Friend, an all-powerful Lord. And this is the joyful truth for weeping hearts everywhere, whatever be the hand that has drawn the tears; by whatever stream it be that your weeping willow is planted.
Raphael Zernoff|My Personal Super Shortcut To Happiness- When you prefer to lighten up your self-awareness, allow yourself to focus on your strongest joy, passion, and excitement. It is something you can do at every moment of your life, whenever you become aware of not feeling well. Always choose, out of all available joys, passions and excitements, as small as they may be, whatever makes you feel good about yourself. Act on the joy you determine as the passion of the moment, and enjoy it as long as it is fun for you. When it stops being enjoyable or when there is something else, which you become aware of, as more pleasurable, do it. You do not need any reason to have in order to embrace what interests you. You do not need any reason either, to stop doing something in the middle, when it does not excite you anymore. Whatever you choose to follow as your joy, as small and insignificant as it may appear, have no expectations, how this little joy can take you to your big dreams. Enjoy it only because you like it, and not because you expect some specific outcome in the future.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|You must maintain a state of happiness, state of joy to let the positive thoughts emanate from your mind.. If you are in a state of joy, your thoughts emanate positive energy, and you can influence others without much efforts.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Grace for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|Fear pushes us down; joy picks us up!" (EL)
Jennifer Hillman|We are the oneness in love, joy and happy. We share this moment in time to experience the fullest and expansion of all our existence to collapse and be redefine into the truth of who and what we are and always will be. ~jh
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom Vol. II: Guidance from the Book of Changes|The person with a joyous heart is a treasure to be with, a wellspring of inspiration, and a fit companion. When we are joyous of heart, we hear a resonance in the songs of the birds, see resonance in the opening of a flower, and feel it in the pressure of a friend’s hand.
David W. Earle|Many people look at their past and bemoan their mistakes. Those errors in judgment, behavior, hurting others, and the wrong decisions may be what consumes them now. It does not have to be that way, for recovering from a traumatic situation is all a matter of how we think about what happened. It is not so much about what happened to us as what we make of the circumstance.
Jacob Nordby|Every pain, addiction, anguish, longing, depression, anger or fearis an orphaned part of usseeking joy, some disowned shadow wanting to returnto the lightand homeof ourselves.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|People need to understand that not everyone is out to hurt you. There are still some great people in this world. Do not allow yourself to believe that everyone is up to no good. Just because you have encountered some rude people along the way, doesn't mean that everyone is that way. When it comes to matters of the heart, Know which bridges to cross and which ones to burn.
Jacob Nordby|There is no greater moment in life than that when we discover the unique design which has shaped our lives from the moment of birth, save one:The instant we recognize destiny, accept it and then begin to create the rest of our own lives within it using the power of free will.When this threshold has been crossed, nothing can stop our inevitable journey into the highest good for ourselves and all around us.This is healing.This is actualization.This is integration.This is joy.And it is the birthright of every incarnated soul on this planet.
Emmuska Orczy, The Scarlet Pimpernel|She looks very virtuous and very melancholy.""Virtue is like the precious odors, most fragrant when it is crushed.
Johnson Bandi|When our sensitivity to feel pain decreases, so does our sensitivity to feel joy with it.
Marty Rubin|Being alive is having what I want, that is my joy, my happiness.
Ellen G. White, Patriarchs And Prophets|It was only by faith in Christ that they could secure pardon of sin and receive strength to obey God's law. They must cease to rely upon their own efforts for salvation, they must trust wholly in the merits of the promised Saviour, if they would be accepted of God.
Raphael Zernoff|There is always someone who cares for us and loves us. We may not always be aware of that yet we are very much needed and truly loved by the Universe. Everything that exists is needed, because what is not needed is not created. This is the way the Universe understands existence. When we let go of those people around us who are no longer compatible with our preference, which is love, peace and joy, we open the door to many new friends who love us for who we choose to be, and not for who they want us to be.
Jacob Nordby|Among the greatest tragedies is a person who believes that they aren't meant to win--by winning I mean find their purpose, passion and joy in life.They believe that other people have better DNA or happiness genes or something, but that they themselves are missing a critical chromosome.This is a lie and it is begging to be un-believed.For the moment we know the truth about ourselves, we can take both responsibility for our own lives and inspired action to create exactly the life which is our birthright.In other words, you were meant to win. You were created for joy.
Dean Koontz, The City|If you're going to keep the music in you, Jonah, you've got to play a little bit every day purely for pleasure. Otherwise, you'll lose the joy of it, and if you lose the joy, you won't sound good to those who know piano - or to yourself.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The intellect can only think about or analyze joy, but cannot feel it.
David W. Earle|...the state of perfection is an elusive goal; demanding something so obscure as almost unattainable and can become a compulsive, crazy making squirrel-on-a-wheel way of living.
Paul Bamikole|Good dancers awaken the joy in our hearts, we have seen them ablaze on stage, videos, on our streets, in the theaters, in our homes, schools and they have successfully ignited the love of dancing in our soul. At least, this is the major reason why dancers are born and made.
Vivian Amis, The Essentials of Life|We seek love in relationships, peace in security, and joy in material things...but these feelings are divine and not dependent on any outer circumstances.
Raphael Zernoff|Any tiniest feeling, which fills you with peace and joy can grow to the size of a mountain, when you act on it with no expectation, where and how it must take you. Enjoy the moment of harmony and know that you can trust your Self.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The source calls to you. Find a quiet place and listen for the voice of creation. Look upon the horizon and see the future of your new life, where you are again a natural soul living in joy and peace.
Swami Dhyan Giten|The New Man is the most important things that is happening in the world today.The new man will have to find new forms of communication, working together and sharing, because the old man and the old society will not disappear immediately. The old man will also put up a fight.The new man is a new humanity. Up to now, man has lived a pathological life, a neurotic life, a destructive life. During modern times, during the last 3000 years, there have been 6000 wars. You can not call this humanity healthy.Once in a while a Buddha, a Jesus, a Socrates, appeared, but each person is born to be a Buddha.How can I become the new man? The new man means a new consciousness, a new being. Humanity can not be saved if the new man does not arrive. Before it was not a necessity, but now it is absolutely necessary because now the war technology can destroy the whole earth. if not the new man arrives, if not people become more aware, awake and conscious, then this earth will not survive.The New Man means to develop all the three dimensions of being, all the three doors to God: the head, the dimension of thinking, logic and reason, the heart, the dimension of joy, trust, intuition, relationships, beauty, creativity and a sense of unity in love and the being, the dimension of meditation, silence, emptiness and oneness with life.The first level of the head is the dimension of ideas, intellect, hypothesis, theories, logic, analysis, rationality and dualistic thinking.The first level is the level of the mind, which means a continuous oscillation like a pendulum between the mind's memories of the past and the ideas, dreams and expectations of the future.The second level of the heart is the dimension of joy, acceptance, trust, understanding, trust, friendship, relationships, intuition, empathy, creativity, compassion, humor, playfulness and a sense of unity in love. The third level of being is the dimension of presence, awareness, meditation, silence, emptiness and wholeness. The third level is our connection with our inner life source.The new man means awareness, consciousness, love and creativity.The new man means meditation, to be in contact with our own inner source of silence.And if more people become meditative, the earth becomes filled with the fragrance of the new man.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Joy is a practice, not an involuntary state.
Gabriel Brunsdon, Azlander: Second Nature|For all beings within this universal kingdom, their magnetic north rests in genuine mirth.
Evinda Lepins|Joy is not a denial of painful circumstances, but a certainty that He is at work while we are in them. EL
Swami Dhyan Giten|Love is the radiance, the fragrance of knowing oneself, of being oneself. Love is overflowing joy. Love is when you have seen that you are not separate from Existence. Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being. Fear is the opposite of love. In love, one expands. In fear, one shrinks. In fear, one becomes closed. In love, one opens.In fear, one doubts. In love, one trusts. Do not be afraid, this Existence is not your enemy. This existence loves you, this existence is ready to support you in any way. Trust and you will feel a new overflowing energy. That energy is love. That energy wants to bless the whole existence. Because of this energy, one feels blessed. Love is a deep desire to bless the whole Existence.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The greatest joys are found not only in what we do and feel, but also in what we hope for.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|People on corporate conveyor belts, like animals in slaughter-chutes are all part of the same big massacre of joy.
Steve Goodier|Through life, I want to walk gently. I want to treat all of life – the earth and its people – with reverence. I want to remove my shoes in the presence of holy ground. As much as possible, I want to walk in peace.I want to walk lightly, even joyfully, through whatever days I am given. I want to laugh easily. I want to step carefully in and out of people's lives and relationships. I don't want to tread any heavier than necessary.And throughout life, I think I would like to walk with more humility and less anger, more love and less fear. I want to walk confidently, but without arrogance. I want to walk in deep appreciation. I want to be genuinely thankful for life's extravagant, yet simple, gifts – a star-splattered night sky or a hot drink on an ice-cold day.If life is a journey, then how I make that journey is important. How I walk through life.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Feeling bad is not the problem.The problem is that we feel bad about feeling bad.Once you begin to let go of feeling bad about feeling bad,and start feeling better about feeling bad,then pretty soon you'll just feel better.And then you'll feel awesome.
Rémy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques|Abstractions do us much harm by impelling us to the quest of the absolute in all things. Joy does not exist, but there are joys: and these joys may not be folly felt unless they are detached from neutral or even painful conditions. The idea of continuity is almost self-negating. Nature makes no leaps; but life makes only bounds. It is measured by our heartbeats & these may be counted. That there should be, amid the number of deep pulsations that scan the line of our existence, some grievous ones, does not permit the affirmation that life is therefore evil. Moreover, neither a continuous joy would be perceived by consciousness.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Transformation occurs when you open your mind to experience freedom. During the process, you transform your thoughts which enable you to leave behind old habits and negative thinking. You are then able to conquer your fears and remove self doubt. This irrevocable tranformation allows you to be seen in a new light. It reveals your unique characteristics and truthfulness.
Kathryn V. White|My art is an act of creation and destruction, with all the sorrow and joy these engender as well as all the shadow and light these contain.
Munia Khan|My tears of joyhear the raindrops crying,as the rain never wants to pourdown on my cloudy dayswhen I makeour love-dreamsfor the sun to dreamonly for you....(From the poem "Only For You" By Munia Khan)
Eknath Easwaran, Take Your Time: How to Find Patience, Peace, and Meaning|Meditation is the basis of a life of splendid health, untiring energy, unfailing love, and abiding wisdom. It is the very foundation of that deep inner peace for which every one of us longs. No human being can ever be satisfied by money or success or prestige or anything else the world can offer. What we are really searching for is not something that satisfies us temporarily, but a permanent state of joy.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|Sylvia possessed a deeply conditioned respect for authority. She wanted desperately to live up to the expectations of a society that viewed her as a bright, charming, enormously talented disciple of bourgeois conformity. On the other hand, she ached to experience life in all its grim and beautiful complexity. The poetic eye was always at work examining the nuance and measuring obscure detail, turning conversation into ultimatum (Steiner)
Abraham Hicks|If your dominant intent is to feel joy while you are doing the work, your triad of intentions-freedom, growth and joy-will come quickly and easily into alignment. See your "career" as one of creating a joyful life experience. You are not a creator of things or a regurgitator of what someone else has created or a gatherer of stuff. You are a creator, and the subject of your creation is your joyful life experience. That is your mission. That is your quest. That is why you are here.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Because we are always growing, life compounds and magnifies what is already in us. If you are miserable you grow in misery and if you are joyful you grow in joy. This makes self-love is the perfect soil from which to grow love.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The true creator-self is a light-at-heart and care-free child, who accesses destiny as a simple act of joyful play.
Nick Hornby|I would never attempt to dissuade anyone from reading a book. But please, if you're reading something that's killing you, put it down and read something else, just as you would reach for the remote if you weren't enjoying a TV program...All I know is that you can get very little from a book that is making you weep with the effort of reading it. You won't remember it, and you'll be less likely to choose a book over [insert popular contemporary TV program] next time you have a choice.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|There are many ways to manifest, but the most effective and joyous creators all create in the space of love.
Ellen G. White, Patriarchs And Prophets|The fatal effects of sin can be removed only by the provision that God has made. The Israelites saved their lives by looking upon the uplifted serpent. That look implied faith. They lived because they believed God's word, and trusted in the means provided for their recover. So to sinner may look to Christ, and live. He receives pardon through faith in the atoning sacrifice. Unlike the inert and lifeless symbol, Christ has power and virtue in Himself to heal the repenting sinner.
Shannon L. Alder|A man worth being with is one…That never lies to youIs kind to people that have hurt himA person that respects another’s lifeThat has manners and shows people respectThat goes out of his way to help peopleThat feels every person, no matter how difficult, deserves compassionWho believes you are the most beautiful person he has ever metWho brags about your accomplishments with prideWho talks to you about anything and everything because no bad news will make him love you lessThat is a peacemakerThat will see you through illnessWho keeps his promisesWho doesn’t blame others, but finds the good in them That raises you up and motivates you to reach for the starsThat doesn’t need fame, money or anything materialistic to be happyThat is gentle and patient with childrenWho won’t let you lie to yourself; he tells you what you need to hear, in order to help you growWho lives what he says he believes inWho doesn’t hold a grudge or hold onto the past Who doesn’t ask his family members to deliberately hurt people that have hurt himWho will run with your dreamsThat makes you laugh at the world and yourselfWho forgives and is quick to apologizeWho doesn’t betray you by having inappropriate conversations with other womenWho doesn’t react when he is angry, decides when he is sad or keep promises he doesn’t plan to keepWho takes his children’s spiritual life very seriously and teaches by exampleWho never seeks revenge or would ever put another person downWho communicates to solve problemsWho doesn’t play games or passive aggressively ignores people to hurt themWho is real and doesn’t pretend to be something he is notWho has the power to free you from yourself through his positive outlookWho has a deep respect for women and treats them like a daughter of GodWho doesn’t have an ego or believes he is better than anyoneWho is labeled constantly by people as the nicest person they have ever metWho works hard to provide for the familyWho doesn’t feel the need to drink alcohol to have a good time, smoke or do drugsWho doesn't have to hang out a bar with his friends, but would rather spend his time with his familyWho is morally free from sinWho sees your potential to be greatWho doesn't think a woman's place has to be in the home; he supports your life mission, where ever that takes youWho is a gentlemanWho is honest and lives with integrityWho never discusses your private business with anyoneWho will protect his familyWho forgives, forgets, repairs and restoresWhen you find a man that possesses these traits then all the little things you don’t have in common don’t matter. This is the type of man worth being grateful for.
Shannon L. Alder|When you forgive those that hurt you, they no longer have control over your future happiness. Their anger keeps them a prisoner to your past, while you enjoy the present.
C.S. Lewis, The Last Battle|I believe it all. If I seem not to, it is only that my joy is too great to let my belief settle itself.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Your true love for God is demonstrated through your ability to hold onto your faithfulness in the midst of Prosperity and Poverty, Happiness and Hardships, Sickness and Success; in whatever is Appealing or Appalling!
Gary   Hopkins|The practice of Detachment encourages the positive aspects of your life to become dominant, while providing a clear path for the negative aspects to recede.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|Amazingly, we take for granted that instinct for survival, fear of death, must separate us from the happiness of pure and uninterpreted experience, in which body, mind, and nature are the same. This retreat from wonder, the backing away like lobsters into safe crannies, the desperate instinct that our life passes unlived, is reflected in proliferation without joy, corrosive money rot, the gross befouling of the earth and air and water from which we came.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Yet that grief and this joy were alike outside all the ordinary conditions of life; they were loop-holes, as it were, in that ordinary life through which there came glimpses of something sublime. And in the contemplation of this sublime something the soul was exalted to inconceivable heights of which it had before had no conception which reason lagged behind, unable to keep up with it.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Wake up with a purpose and make every effort to succeed. Many people spend their lives just going through the motions. They are satisfied with their daily routines or habitual lifestyles. Don't be complacent with those activities. Challenge yourself to be better, do greater things.
Dee Dee Artner|The potential of controlling and living a successful life according to your terms depends on how you think. Your perception is your world. You can create the life you want and in fact, you can even shape it the way you want it.
Evelyn Christenson|1 John 1:4 "These things [are written] that your joy may be full." I can always measure the amount of time I'm spending in the Scriptures by how much joy (not superficial happiness, but deep down abiding joy) I have. When I find a lack of joy in my life, the first thing I check is how much time I'm spending in God's Word!
W. Somerset Maugham|And the poor lady, so small in her black satin, shrivelled up and sallow, with her funny corkscrew curls, took the little boy on her lap and put her arms around him and wept as though her heart would break. But her tears were partly tears of happiness, for she felt that the strangeness between them was gone. She loved him now with a new love because he had made her suffer.
Balroop Singh|A good book is like a stream, with which we can flow slowly, playfully, it lets us savor the joy of weaving the magic of lovely thoughts, revealing the secrets of life with beautiful words.
L.A. Kragie, Vampire Chimeras|Jaunting off together towards the bedroom doorway, they cast off their clothes, like caps at graduation.
James A. Owen, Drawing Out the Dragons: A Meditation on Art, Destiny, and the Power of Choice|I think the idea of simply "enduring to the end" is a terrible philosophy and an awful way to live one's life. How you spend your days is how you live your life, and if you're spending them "enduring" anything then you're doing it wrong.
Brenda M. McGraw, Joy Beyond: 28 Days to Finding Joy Beyond the Clutter of Life|Do your kids see your kindness or are you always telling them. "NO?
Jessica Coupé, Daystar Rising: A Story of the First Christmas|May every voice proclaim thy praise.And every knee bow in thy presenceThe tangible promise of our faith.May thy Charity, like a mantle, Lift us to God on high.
Kahlil Gibran|Some of you say, 'Joy is greater thar sorrow,' and others say, 'Nay, sorrow is the greater.'But I say unto you, they are inseparable.Together they come, and when one sits, alone with you at your board, remember that the other is asleep upon your bed.
Shannon L. Alder|Laughter is the only medicine, without side effects.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|We forget that the sweetest joys are found in the simplest acts: hugs, laughter, quiet observation, basic movements, holding hands, pleasant music, shared stories, a listening ear, an unhurried visit, and selfless service. It is sad we forget a truth so elementary.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|As you travel along the roads in life, there is a certain kind of peace that comes with knowing you're on the right path. And when you are faced with adversity, it challenges you but makes you stronger. The road is not always an easy route. Nevertheless, you must not allow your fears to keep you from reaching the destination.
Shannon L. Alder|If you are reading this then you have wasted another day of your life day dreaming, rather than planning the life God intended you to live.
Crystal Chan, Bird|Who were these people? Where was all this joy, and where does joy go when it leaves your family? Does it go into someone else's family, soak into the earth, or does it dissolve away like your breath in the winter? And if it doesn't leave like this, then why isn't there any left for me?
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|When you speak, be sure of what you are speaking. Don't be rambling full of words that have no integrity or truth. Nobody wants to confide in you when they doubt what you say. If you are filled with untruths, those characteristics make it hard for anyone to believe in you.
Jaycee Ford|Everyone wants to protect their heart, but without pain, one can never have joy.
Ashly Lorenzana|What is the point of our lives? There isn't any. I can't seem to decide how much horror and how much joy lies within that simple truth, but I know it is both of those things at once.
Amy Neftzger, Conversations with the Moon|When I look over my past, I see that the stages in my life are like the phases of the moon. I've had periods where I was the waxing gibbous: fat with wealth and success. There have been other seasons when my happiness was like the waning crescent and I watched my joy fade away slowly, merging with the atmosphere around me as if it never existed. Then I felt as if I was left with nothing more than an illusion, but happiness returns in time and glows once more in corpulent fullness. It's time that makes the difference.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Truth’s nakedness is not concerned with whom it strikes - painfully, or with pleasure; responding appropriately to its ingenuous temperament, however, rewards perceptions of unbiased transparency.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Find joy in the faces of children who view life as so magical. Give thanks every day for your life and for your existence. Your life matters, you matter. So many people think and care about you and you’re never really alone! Remember your loved ones are the real gift. I care about you; you have a friend in me. Look forward to knowing that next year is going to be even better than the last…
Beth Ramsay, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|You must take the time to do something that brings you joy. If you are saying to yourself, “I can’t do that because I have to pick up the kids, and run my business, and … and … who’s got time for fun? Are you insane?” If you don’t have time for fun, you’ll be forced to take time for illness. Then what?
Polly Horvath, Everything on a Waffle|You can be sunk low or as a skunk and still have a joy in your heart. Joy lives like one of those spinning things---a gyroscope in your heart. It doesn't seem to have any connection to circumstance, good or bad.
Esme Ellis, This Strange and Precious Thing|Laughter! I remember laughter. I did laughter a lot, he thought. These colours spinning around them are matching their mirth, changing from moment to moment, flaring out as they run and throw and catch. There are silver joy-waves rippling about them
Balroop Singh|Music has always assuaged my lacerations, brightened my hours, added glow to my little joys and given wings to my fantasy flights.
Samuel Rutherford, Christ Dying and Drawing Sinners to Himself, Or, a Survey of Our Saviour in His Soule-Suffering, His Lovelynesse in His Death, and the Efficacie There|When the sun riseth first, the beams over-gild the tops of green mountains that look toward the east, and the world cannot hinder the sun to rise: some are so near heaven, that the everlasting Sun hath begun to make an everlasting day of glory on them; the rays that come from his face that sits on the throne, so over-goldeth the soul, that there is no possibility of clouding peace, or of hindering daylight in the souls of such.
Soumeet Lanka|I don't know what being god must feel like, but it can't be much different that being an inventor.There is power in the idea that a certain product never existed before you thought of it, there is joy in the act of bringing the idea into reality and there is contentment in seeing the product come to life when it is being used.
Debasish Mridha|I see the life with your sight,O" the love; you're my light.
Debasish Mridha|If you can't love yourself, how can you love others?
Rhonda Byrne, The Secret Daily Teachings|Every single day, no matter who you meet in the day - friends, family, work colleagues, strangers - give joy to them. Give a smile or a compliment or kind words or kind actions, but give joy! Do your best to make sure that every single person you meet has a better day because they saw you.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Talking is great, but don't ignore the value of listening. Pay attention to the words being spoken. Some people just love the sound of their own voice. And, when another person speaks, they are only anticipating to compete, challenge, or question what is being said. You can miss out on some important wisdom always running your mouth.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Never allow anyone to take advantage of you in no shape form or fashion. People get into relationships for different reasons. And, many are often looking for something in return and it mostly relates to security. Don't unite with any person who only wants to use your possessions and wealth to elevate themselves to the next level. You ought to value yourself much more than that. Each person in a relationship should be able to contribute wholly and completely.
Mahavira|In happiness and suffering, in joy and grief, we should regard all creatures as we regard our own self.
Kelsey Macke, Damsel Distressed|The End" is just the beginning.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|It is always good to have friends. Friends may be considered as part of the family because you have created and unbreakable bond. But, sometimes we outgrow certain people. We no longer have the same interests or outlook on life. That is when you realize that the friendship has to be maintained from a distance. Therefore, you create a new avenue in your life by removing toxic people who defeat your purpose.
Richard Wurmbrand, Tortured for Christ N/E|I have found truly jubilant Christians only in the Bible, in the Underground Church and in prison.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|People become desensitized to many things going on around them. It is because they always see it on the tv, hear it on the radio, read or watch it on the internet, hear about it at work etc. Then immoral acts are tuned to a deaf ear. Then no one wants to take action or speak up for what's right. Break the cycle and have moral character.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|You see the bird and you see its flight.You can not see through its eyes. Therefore, you don't know its plight.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|When you do great things, Expect greater things. None of your works are done in vain. You will achieve what you set forth to accomplish!
Doutor Luis Alexandre Ribeiro Branco, Aphorisms of a Restless Soul|Every pain is repeated in other places and other lives, every joy is repeated in other places and other lives.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Do not allow another person to set you back. Continue moving forward not backwards. When someone pulls you back, be like the arrow to a bow and spring forth greater than ever. And, what they thought would be your disadvantage, you turn it into your advantage.
Ratner, Vaddey|Had I owned the words I would've told him what my heart intuited - that joy and sorrow often travel the same road and sometimes, whether by grace or misfortune, they meet and become each other's companion.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|We are far, far stronger than our pain
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|In Sarasota, Florida, Stephen King reminded me of the joy of just writing every day.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|No matter how hard you try, there are times when things just don't go as planned. And, it's not because you are doing something wrong. It is because the thing you are after is not designed for you. It is not a part of your destiny.
Rachel Hamilton|When you don't have the words to say He hears your heart. When you feel like no one understands He carries your pain. When hope seems lost God whispers "Joy is coming.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|No matter the joy in heaven, its coldness will make you bask beside the flames of hell.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|If you have a big idea or plan that you desire to execute, don't depend solely on others to appreciate your efforts. You must have the ability to encourage yourself. At times seeking encouragement from others can lead to disappointment which sometimes leads you to neglect your obligation. Never build your hopes and dreams based primarily on the accolades from others. You may discover a rude awakening.
Charles M. Schulz, The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 9: 1967-1968|Winning isn’t everything, but losing isn’t anything.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Never underestimate the power of kindness. It is very contagious. A person whose heart is saddened by the troubles of this world, the loss of a friend or family member, a hard days work, or the struggle of provision can experience joy through a simple act of kindness. Romans 12: 10-12, Be kindly affectionate to one another with brotherly love, in honor giving preference to one another, not lagging in diligence, fervent in spirit, serving the Lord, rejoicing in hope, patient in tribulation, continually steadfastly in prayer.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|We can block our blessings with one thought, one decision. Sometimes your blessing may require certain actions on your behalf. You asked for the job? Now, you must get dressed and go to the interview and prove yourself worthy of the position. When you move, you activate your faith. And, suddenly everything falls into place. Faith without works is dead.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|You may be going through a storm right now, but understand that the sun will shine again. It is during the storm that you learn the lesson. You can either let it make you or break you. Take this time to reflect on your choices in life. Many times we create our own storms by the choices we make. Right now while you are in the midst, decide to not go backwards, move forward with more positivity.
Santiago Ramón y Cajal, Advice for a Young Investigator|The indescribable pleasure—which pales the rest of life's joys—is abundant compensation for the investigator who endures the painful and persevering analytical work that precedes the appearance of the new truth, like the pain of childbirth. It is true to say that nothing for the scientific scholar is comparable to the things that he has discovered. Indeed, it would be difficult to find an investigator willing to exchange the paternity of a scientific conquest for all the gold on earth. And if there are some who look to science as a way of acquiring gold instead of applause from the learned, and the personal satisfaction associated with the very act of discovery, they have chosen the wrong profession.
Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil|Henry had written a novel because there was a hole in him that needed filling, a question that needed answering, a patch of canvas that needed painting—that blend of anxiety, curiosity and joy that is at the origin of art—and he had filled the hole, answered the question, splashed colour on the canvas, all done for himself, because he had to. Then complete strangers told him that his book had filled a hole in them, had answered a question, had brought colour to their lives. The comfort of strangers, be it a smile, a pat on the shoulder or a word of praise, is truly a comfort.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|You have everything within you to do great things in this world. Maybe, you are inspired to sing a song, write a book or poems, create art in various forms. Or you may decide to find a cure for disease, end world hunger, prevent abuse, or take a stand politically. The question is how to begin the process of fulfilling your vision. Start where you are and use the resources you have to build from there. Inspiration is what motivates you to achieve your remarkable ideas. Also it takes time and dedication to excel to the next level.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|The only rule is that truth must empower you, make you better in every way possible.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|Until 'you' FULLY embrace who 'you are', no amount of money, no person or external things will EVER make you happy or bring you peace.
Jack Kerouac, Some of the Dharma|How is there laughter, how is there joy, as this world is always burning?
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|More than almost anything else, the experience of parenthood exposes the gulf between our experiencing and remembering selves. Our experiencing selves tell researchers that we prefer doing the dishes -- or napping, or shopping, or answering emails -- to spending time with our kids. (I am very specifically referring here to Kahneman's study of 909 Texas women.) But our remembering selves tell researchers that no one -- and nothing -- provides us with so much joy as our children. It may not be the happiness we live day to day, but it's the happiness we think about, the happiness we summon and remember, the stuff that makes up our life-tales.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Today is a new day! Let today be the day you free your mind from the prison of self doubt. Your thoughts can either hinder you or propel you to the next level. Precautions are necessary to maintain your safety and well-being. But fear and precautions are two different things. When you are afraid your doubt is increased. Do what makes you happy in order to satisfy the core of your existence. Fear: to be afraid of something or someone whether the threat is real or imaginedPrecaution: a measure taken in advance to prevent something from happening, prudent foresightDoubt:a feeling of uncertainty or lack of conviction
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|You perception of a person, place, or thing may not be accurate. Just because it looks good does not mean it is good and vice versa. Always be aware of your surroundings. Pay attention to the people, places, and things around you. Don't allow your misperception to put you in an uncomfortable situation.
Jacques Charles|Nothing will ever equal that moment of joyous excitement which filled my whole being when I felt myself flying away from the earth. It was not mere pleasure; it was perfect bliss. Escaped from the frightful torments of persecution and of calumny, I felt that I was answering all in rising abov
Jean-Baptiste Dumas|I have seen many phases of life; I have moved in imperial circles, I have been a Minister of State; but if I had to live my life again, I would always remain in my laboratory, for the greatest joy of my life has been to accomplish original scientific work, and, next to that, to lecture to a set of intelligent students.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|You make the choice concerning who you associate with on a daily basis. Whenever there are people around you who continually gossip or nag, you have the option to entertain that nonsense or leave it alone. The choice is yours. Most of the time people you hang around are a reflection of yourself. We often times attract people with like-minded personalities. So, if you enjoy that type of company it says much about your character.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Sometimes things will not go as planned, but don't lose hope. Stay focused on whatever you are trying to accomplish. There will be a breakthrough soon. Understand that all things take time. You may not be there yet, but you're on the right path towards success.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|It is not the quantity of your thoughts but the quality of your thoughts that make the difference. Thoughts can either be productive or a hindrance. But, when we focus our attention on faithfulness and truthfulness the restoration process begins.
Mea McMahon, Observation on Christianity|Safety" and "fairness" are the preoccupation of the wounded. "Being" and "joy" are the unconscious realities of the free and living.
Elizabeth George|When you choose to work with a willing, happy heart, you become a beautiful source of joy to all.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Revive your inner spirit! Break free from all things weighing you down, grab hold of your strong rope and lift yourself out of hopelessness!
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|It is so good to have friends who understand how there is a time for crying and a time for laughing, and that sometimes the two are very close together.
May Sarton, Selected Poems|So let the world go, but hold fast to joy.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|And, I think, this greening does thaw at the edges, at least, of my own cold season. Joy sneaks in: listening to music, riding my bicycle, I catch myself feeling, in a way that’s as old as I am but suddenly seems unfamiliar, light. I have felt so heavy for so long. At first I felt odd- as if I shouldn’t be feeling this lightness, that familiar little catch of pleasure in the heart which is inexplicable, though a lovely passage of notes or the splendidly turned petal of a tulip has triggered it. It’s my buoyancy, part of what keeps me alive: happy, suddenly with the concomitant experience of a sonata and the motion of the shadows of leaves. I have the desire to be filled with sunlight, to soak my skin in as much of it as I can drink up, after the long interior darkness of this past season, the indoor vigil, in this harshest and darkest of winters, outside and in.
Euripides, Suppliant Women|Again, where the people are absolute rulers of the land, they rejoice in having the openness and exuberance of youth, while a tyrant counts this a danger, and seeks to slay or silence those possessed of spirit, while the discreet fear his power and violence.
Rob Brezsny|Sadly, many storytellers and artists are still addicted to the old delusions (happy is boring, evil is interesting) about the risks of good mental health. Even those who don’t view peace of mind as a threat to their creative power often believe that it’s a rare commodity attained through dumb luck….It’s possible to define a more supple variety of happiness that does not paralyze the will or sap ambition….the number one trait of happy people is a serious determination to be happy. Bliss is a habit you can cultivate, in other words, not an accident.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|Set your goals and along the way learn ride the chaotic waves of the universe without resistance. Its scheduling and course may not be what you hoped for or anticipated, but embrace it anyway with sincere welcoming joy. At the end of the day it will inevitably turn out to be the ideal timing and path all divinely designed for you.
Kit Rocha, Beyond Jealousy|Noelle slid up Rachel's body and turned her face with a gentle hand on her cheek. "Ace has to make his choice," she murmured, stroking Rachel's lips. "He doesn't get to lock you away from pleasure because he's all tangle up. You're made for joy.
Susan May Warren, Baroness|It's because when God adopts you into His family, you belong to Him. He stamps His name on you. A name that comes with His protection. And His birthright, which is eternity and the power to live with joy on this earth.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|I’ve been moving a little to the music while I worked …and then I realize I am actually dancing. It feels wonderful, though I can feel how stiff my muscles are, how rigidly I’ve been holding myself…Mostly I’ve been moving cautiously, numbly, steeled because I know, at any moment, I may be ambushed by overwhelming grief. You never know when it’s coming, the word or gesture or bit of memory that dissolved you entirely…It happens every day at first, then not for a day or two, then there’s a week when grief washes in every morning, every afternoon.
David Ignatow|Standing beside you,I took an oathto make your life simpler by complicating mineand what I always thought would happen did:I was lifted up in joy.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|One last mystery: on one of the little ponds, this morning, I saw wind riffling the first of the waterlily leaves. They haven’t all emerged yet, but new circles tattoo the water, here and there, a coppery red. When the wind lifted their edges, each would reveal a little shadowy spot, a dot of black which seemed to flash on the water, and so across the whole surface of the pond there was what could only be described as the inverse of sparkling; a scintillant blackness. Shining blackly, black but rippling, lyrical: the sheen and radiance of death-in-life.Is that my work, to point to the world and say, See how darkly it sparkles?
Rob Brezsny, Pronoia is the Antidote for Paranoia: How the Whole World is Conspiring to Shower You With Blessings|Quoting geneticists, Guy Murcia says we’re all family. You have at least a million relatives as close as tenth cousin, and no one on Earth is further removed than your fiftieth cousin. Murcia also describes out kinship though an analysis of how deeply we share the air. With each breath, you take into your body 10 sextillion atoms, and-owing to the wind’s ceaseless circulation- over a year’s time you have intimate relations with oxygen molecules exhaled by every person alive, as well as everyone who ever lived. (The Seven Mysteries of Life)
Dee Dee Artner|Put love in everything you do and you’ll find joy, happiness and success.
Swami Dhyan Giten|If you love another person, you have to become a no-self, a nothing. When you love, you have to become a nobody. When you are a nobody, love happens. If you remain somebody, love never happens.One becomes afraid of love, because love opens the inner emptiness.Love is not an effort. If love is an effort, it is not love.It is the same case with the ultimate experience, it happens when you do not make an effort. Then you can simply float with the river to the Ocean.
Dee Dee Artner|Happiness is the satisfaction you feel. There's delight, joy, excitement and pleasant surprise.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|It doesn't matter how many friends I have because my best friend is God. And, he is a Super Friend. People come and people go, but God's love for you will remain the same. Embrace it, Cherish it, and Spread it everywhere you go. Let your light shine brightly for all the world to see.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|People love for so many different reasons. Some love you for only what you can do for them. Others love you for how much money you have or various material things. Love is sometimes tossed around like throwing a bone to a dog. And, some people have love confused with lust or infatuation. Those are both temporary and artificial, not genuine.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|At that moment when you feel like giving up, take a look and search deep inside in oder to understand how far you've come. Don't give up now! Success is right around the corner.
Theresa  Smith|With great love comes occasions of pain. You can't skip the pain; without it, you would never know what a precious thing love is. You wouldn't know to hang onto it. You wouldn't know to fight for it. You embrace the pain because the love makes it all worthwhile.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|Desire I think has less to do with possession than with participation, the will to involve oneself in the body of the world, in the principle of things expressing itself in splendid specificity, a handful of images: a lover’s irreplaceable body, the roil and shimmer of the sea overshot with sunlight, a handful of cherries, the texture and weight of a word. The word that seems most apt is partake… We can say we partake of something but we may just as accurately say we take part in something’ we are implicated in another being, which is always the beginning of wisdom, isn’t it- that involvement which enlarges us, which engages the heart, which takes out of the routine limitations of self?
Robert Charles Waldron|The things you can take with you: Love, Trust, Respect, Joy,.The things you leave behind: Everything else.
Theresa  Smith, Somebody I Used to Know|That's what love is like when you're young. Like spinning, filling you with excitement and joy, losing yourself in the moment. But if you don't have a focus point to keep you stable, you lose your balance and before you know it, you're falling and you can't see who you're taking down with you because you've been too busy spinning to see what else has been going on." (Nora)
Shannon L. Alder, 300 Questions LDS Couples Should Ask Before Marriage|The most important quality in the man you decide to marry should be the ability to make you laugh. Beauty fades, careers end, money comes and goes, religions change, children grow up and move away, spouses get sick, struggles happen, family members die, senility sets in when your older, but the ability to make you giggle every day is the most precious gift God can give you to get through all of it.
François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness|Happiness. We're tearing our hair out to try to find a definition of it, for heaven's sake. Is it joy? People will tell you that it isn't, that joy is a fleeting emotion, a moment of happiness, which is always welcome, mind you. And then what about pleasure, huh? Oh, yes, that's easy, everybody knows what that is, but there again it doesn't last. But is happiness not the sum total of lots of small joys and pleasures, huh?
Gary Shteyngart, Little Failure|I write because there is nothing as joyful as writing, even when the writing is twisted and full of hate, the self-hate that makes writing not only possible but necessary. I hate myself, I hate the people around me, but what I crave is the fulfillment of some ideal.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|No one was ever born without that light or flame of life. Some event, some person stifles or drowns it altogether. I was always tempted to resuscitate such men by my own joyousness or luminosity.When I break glasses in a night club, as the Russians do, when my unconscious breaks out in wild rebellions, it is against life which has crippled these idealistic, romantic men. I respect these men, cold, pure, faithful, devoted, moral, delicate, sensitive, and unequal to life, more than I respect the tough-minded ones who return three blows to one received, who kill those who hurt them.
Carol Deppe, The Resilient Gardener: Food Production and Self-Reliance in Uncertain Times|We gardeners are healthy, joyous, natural creatures. We are practical, patient, optimistic. We declare our optimism every year, every season, with every act of planting.
Eugene H. Peterson, Perseverance: A Long Obedience in the Same Direction|Joy is not a requirement of Christian discipleship, it is a consequence. It is not what we have to acquire in order to experience life in Christ; it is what comes to us when we are walking in the way of faith and obedience.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Joy is the realest reality, the fullest life, and joy is always given, never grasped. God gives gifts and I give thanks and I unwrap the gift given: joy. (Page 57)
stephanie   roberts, As We Are|Why not laugh again, and let your joy be my monument?
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|It is true, I never stop wanting to learn the hard eucharisteo for deathbeds and dark skies and the prodigal sons. But I accept this is the way to begin, and all hard things come in due time and with practice. Yet now wisps of cheese tell me gentle that this is the first secret step into euchaisteo's miracle. Gratitude for the seemingly insignificant - a seed - this plants the giant miracle. The miracle of eucharisteo, like the Last Supper, is in the eating of crumbs, the swallowing down one mouthful. Do not disdain the small. The whole of life - even the hard - is made up of the minute parts, and if I miss the infinitesimals, I miss the whole. (Page 57)
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Time, what God first deemed holy above all else (Genesis 2:3). Thank God for the time, and very God enters that time, presence hallowing it.... I awake to I AM here. When I'm present, I meet I AM, the very presence of a present God. (page 70)
Mário de Sá-Carneiro, Mário de Sá Carneiro - Poesias|The endWhen I die bang on cansRomp around in leaps and boundsLet whips crack in the airCall in clowns and acrobats!I want my coffin to go on a donkeyDecked out in Andalusian styleYou can't refuse anything to a dead manAnd I want, by all means, go on a donkey
Elizabeth George, Small Changes for a Better Life: Daily Steps to Living God's Plan for You|I want God to be first in my life, so I’m putting Him first in my life today.
Rollo May|Now, I believe in life, and I believe in the joy of human existence, but these things cannot be experienced except as we also face the despair, also face the anxiety that every human being has to face if he lives with any creativity at all.
Timothy J. Keller, Center Church: Doing Balanced, Gospel-Centered Ministry in Your City|If we are saved by grace alone, this salvation is a constant source of amazed delight. Nothing is mundane or matter-of-fact about our lives. It is a miracle we are Christians, and the gospel, which creates bold humility, should give us a far deeper sense of humour and joy. We don't take ourselves seriously, and we are full of hope for the world.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|He used to wonder how such a frail little body could house so much joy, so much goodness. It couldn't. It spilled out of her, came pouring out her eyes.
Brandi L. Bates|A writer will divine a metaphor from a pattern on a dress, or a gesture, because sunsets have been done before.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|Strike, with hand of fire, O weird musician, thy harp strung with Apollo's golden hair; fill the vast cathedral aisles with symphonies sweet and dim, deft toucher of the organ keys; blow, bugler, blow, until thy silver notes do touch and kiss the moonlit waves, and charm the lovers wandering 'mid the vine-clad hills. But know, your sweetest strains are discords all, compared with childhood's happy laugh—the laugh that fills the eyes with light and every heart with joy. O rippling river of laughter, thou art the blessed boundary line between the beasts and men; and every wayward wave of thine doth drown some fretful fiend of care. O Laughter, rose-lipped daughter of Joy, there are dimples enough in thy cheeks to catch and hold and glorify all the tears of grief.
Matthew C. Harrison, A Little Book on Joy: The Secret of Living a Good News Life in a Bad News World|I miss the honor of serving as a parish pastor. There is nothing quite like it. The most challenging aspect of the job is that you just can't please everybody all the time, no matter how hard you try. But the greatest honor of the office, from my perspective, is being invited into the lives of people at their very best moments and at their very worst moments.
Amit Kalantri|It's not my accent, but my brevity makes me stylish.
Amit Kalantri|Customers loves certainty, make sure you give it to them.
Amit Kalantri|Injustice happened to animals as they born an animal, you are born as man what else do you need ?
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|In this week I see such a picture of life, hard and joyful pressed up together and sleeping in the same bed. They come knit together. The lines of pain run through the joy and remind us to go all in, because life is short. The joy edges the pain and gives us a reason to rise.
Elizabeth George|No question, no problem, no concern, is too big or too small for God to handle!
Holly Ordway|You can't fake joy. Authentic joy is the kind that grows out of the soil of pain and doubt and fear, because that is the reality of the world.
Farkas Bolyai|Do not try the parallels in that way: I know that way all along. I have measured that bottomless night, and all the light and all the joy of my life went out there.[Having himself spent a lifetime unsuccessfully trying to prove Euclid's postulate that parallel lines do not meet, Farkas discouraged his son János from any further attempt.]
G.G. Renee Hill, The Beautiful Disruption|Dread was always with her, an alarm system in her head, alertto her next disaster.Despite being resigned to a life of misfortune, she becameresourceful.She grudgingly noticed that things always worked out, evenwhen she claimed defeat.An inconvenient truth, yet it was right there, in her face,betraying her self-punishments and assumptions.She kept overcoming things, dammit, aggravating herself.She still felt so much joy, despite her efforts to be miserable.Her life was full of miracles and spectacles that she was afraidto rely on so she didn’t know how to enjoy, how to be thankful,without guilt.She didn’t want to win and she didn’t want to lose.Ambiguity intrigued her and she found passion in the gapsbetween hope and despair.
Joanna Newsom|The thing that I was experiencing and dwelling on the entire time is that there are so many things that are not OK and that will never be OK again. But there’s also so many things that are OK and good that sometimes it makes you crumple over with being alive. We are allowed such an insane depth of beauty and enjoyment in this lifetime. It’s what my dad talks about sometimes. He says the only way that he knows there’s a God is that there’s so much gratuitous joy in this life. And that’s his only proof. There’s so many joys that do not assist in the propagation of the race or self-preservation. There’s no point whatsoever. They are so excessively, mind-bogglingly joy-producing that they distract from the very functions that are supposed to promote human life. They can leave you stupefied, monastic, not productive in any way, shape or form. And those joys are there and they are unflagging and they are ever-growing. And still there are these things that you will never be able to feel OK about–unbearably awful, sad, ugly, unfair things.
Eva Hoffman, Lost in Translation: A Life in a New Language|The more words I have, the more distinct, precise my perceptions become--and such lucidity is a form of joy.
Jon Krakauer|Alex here. (...) Ron, I really enjoy all the help you have given me and the times we spent together. I hope that you will not be too depressed by our parting. It may be a very long time before we see each other again. But providing that I get through the Alaskan Deal in one piece you will be hearing form me again in the future. I’d like to repeat the advice I gave you before, in that I think you really should make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing or been to hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one piece of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man’s living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. (...) Once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty. (...) Don’t settle down and sit in one place. Move around, be nomadic, make each day a new horizon. (...) You are wrong if you think joy emanates only or principally from human relationships. God has placed it all around us. It is in everything and anything we might experience. We just have to have the courage to turn against our habitual lifestyle and engage in unconventional living.Ron, I really hope that as soon as you can you will get out of Salton City, put a little camper on the back of your pickup, and start seeing some of the great work that God has done here in the American West. you will see things and meet people and there is much to learn from them. And you must do it economy style, no motels, do your own cooking, as a general rule spend as little as possible and you will enjoy it much more immensely. I hope that the next time I see you, you will be a new man with a vast array of new adventures and experiences behind you. Don’t hesitate or allow yourself to make excuses. Just get out and do it. Just get out and do it. You will be very, very glad that you did.Take care Ron,Alex
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|If you want to speak to someone you cannot touch, see, or hear, the voice of love will transmit with or without a phone. It crosses all borders and travels through time and walls.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When you are happy for other people's dreams, your dreams start jumping up with joy. Elizabeth was happy with Mary and her dream baby was jumping in her womb crazily for joy!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If hard work is the source of happiness, then we can conclude that the main job of procrastination is to delay that happiness for excuses to kill.
David Steindl-Rast, Gratefulness, The Heart Of Prayer: An Approach To Life In Fullness|As we learn to give thanks for all of life and death, for all of this given world of ours, we find a deep joy. It is the joy of trust, the joy of faith in the faithfulness at the heart of all things. It is the joy of gratefulness in touch with the fullness of life.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|It’s great to feel happy. Go, do what makes you feel happy. Do it shabbily and get shallow happiness; Do it hard and feel the hardest happiness!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Pleasure” is different from “happiness”. It has its own definition. Pleasure may or may not come from hard work; Pleasure may or may not come from sin; However, happiness is always divine and comes from fulfillment!
Kae Maruya, Noble Contract|Long ago, the gods argued over where to hide the secret to happiness, so that in finding it, the people would appreciate its importance. One god suggested a high mountain-top. Another wanted to bury it deep in some unknown land. And yet another said to hide it in the darkest waters of the ocean. Where do you suppose they hid it? They hid it in the depths of the heart. Happiness lies within one's heart. When you touch someone's heart, or your heart is touched, you feel happiness. People are made that way.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Xenien|And while throughout the self same motion Repeated on forever flows The thousandfold o er arching ocean Its strong embrace around all throws Streams through all things the joy of living The least star thrilleth fond accord And all their crowding all their striving Is endless rest in God the Lord. - - -GER:Wenn im Unendlichen dasselbeSich wiederholend ewig fließt,Das tausendfältige GewölbeSich kräftig ineinander schließt,Strömt Lebenslust aus allen Dingen,Dem kleinsten wie dem größten SternUnd alles Drängen, alles RingenIst ewige Ruh in Gott dem Herrn.Zahme Xenien VI.
Charles R. Swindoll, Laugh Again Hope Again: Two Books to Inspire a Joy-Filled Life|Isn't God the one who urges us to "Make a joyful noise unto the Lord"? Why do we always think that means singing? Seems to me the most obvious joyful sound on earth is laughter... I've seen folks quote verses like "Rejoice in the Lord always" while their faces look like they just buried a rich uncle who willed everything to his pregnant guinea pig. Something is missing.
Elizabeth George|To be God's people, to love Him fervently with whole hearts, is our sole desire.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|Just as the rain carries positive ions, so does change make you more apt to experience love with an expansive heart.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|When it comes to love, your point of view, your imagination and your energy can carry you through anything. As you love, it will spill over to everyone and everything you encounter and beyond. There is no force imaginable that is more powerful than the act of love.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|Some say ignorance is bliss, I say love is.
Colin S. Smith, The 10 Greatest Struggles of Your Life|God had spoken to His people through His Word. It had humbled them in their sins, but it had lifted them up to see the grace and mercy of God, and then had directed them into a new life of obedience. In all our desperate searching for ways to find joy, God is telling us that we will never find joy like the joy of knowing God, being humbled in our sins, experiencing His grace, and walking in a life of obedience.
Sapphire Belucci|I need no alibi,I did steal your heart.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Work and happiness are like mother and daughter; work brings forth happiness, but hard work brings forth great happiness!
Amit Kalantri, One Bucket of Tears|His music gave no lesser joy than a vacation. Creativity in his music and its success stood out as an example to all kinds of artists, in the lectures of business speakers, engineers, and to anyone who built or constructed something in their respective profession.
Karl Ove Knausgård, A Time for Everything|There is only one thing children find harder to hold back than tears, and that is joy.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|Gratitude begins in our hearts and then dovetails into behavior. It almost always makes you willing to be of service, which is where the joy resides. It means that you are willing to stop being such a jerk. When you are aware of all that has been given to you, in your lifetime and the past few days, it is hard not to be humbled, and pleased to give back.
Pope Francis, Evangelii Gaudium: The Joy of the Gospel|Instead of imposing new obligations, (Christians) should appear as people who wish to share their joy, who point to a horizon of beauty and who invite others to a delicious banquet.
Steve Goodier|But let me offer a word of caution. If you choose to give from your heart, be careful. The most incredible feeling might just overwhelm you. And if you continue in this behavior, that feeling may become permanent.
Wilkie Collins, The Woman in White|Miss Fairlie laughed with a ready good-humour, which broke out as brightly as if it had been part of the sunshine above us…
Loretta Livingstone|Cultivate a spirit of joy and praise. Not only will you light up your own heart, but the hearts of those around you.Always look for the good in people. In most cases you will find it.
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|We don’t like death. We’d rather produce seeds another way. But death to ourselves, our agendas, our expectations, our hopes is necessary to find deep joy that comes when we fully relinquish ourselves to the gospel.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|A moment of torture feels like an eternity, while an eternity of joy passes in a moment. Perhaps time is naught but an illusion.
Noel James Riggs|A few years ago I spent Christmas and New Years alone. No family. No friends. No gifts. A little tree with some lights on it. A small Christmas dinner (in a can). Far from home but with a lot of good memories of it. I didn't feel too sad because I knew things would change for the better because I knew I would change them for the better. It was all up to me, not fate, or luck (although understand that those are big players in this game too). If I didn't like where I was at that moment I couldn't feel sorry myself and blame someone else, play the victim. I was the one who put myself there and I knew I was the one that had to change. So I did. See, misery is never very far away from us (it lurks around every dark corner) but neither is joy. You've got to roll with that black horse when it visits, ride that bitch out if you can but you've got to enjoy the hell out of the other too, when it chances to come your way. Above all, you've got to recognize joy when it shows up to dance with you and, sorry, that's not nearly as easy as it sounds. You've got to fight tooth and nail in this life to try and be as happy as you can with the circumstances you've been given. You've got to fight with every inch of your being for that and grit your teeth and stick out your chin while you're doing it too because although without a doubt it's the right fight to be in, it's going to be hard sometimes. So hard that maybe you'll be blind to everything else. Along the way however, always remember one thing: even though there are people out there in the world who will take the heart right out of you...there are those who will put it right back in again (let them). Learn to recognize who they are because that's something really worth knowing. But it's up to you in the end. It's up to you to embrace the wonders in this life and to deny the darkness (and there are plenty of both). Be strong, be brave, be kind, be noble and above all, slay your dragons and keep on moving. Don't stop. And finally, even if happiness forgets you for a little while, never completely forget about it. It's there waiting for the other to pass. Even in your darkest hour don't ever doubt that for a second.
Elizabeth George|Just as stars shine brightest in the darkest night, your joy blazes brilliantly through life’s problems when you count them as joy.
Elizabeth George, Finding God's Path Through Your Trials: His Help for Every Difficulty You Face|A joyful person is one who deals daily with their problems, faithfully and obediently counting their trials as joy.
George Foster, Amazing Peace-PI|Like other spiritual fruit, joy must be cultivated.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Success is likened to a deep pit, you have to jump in to get it, then you'll need a ladder of grace to climb out to enjoy it.
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|What a joy it is to look at loved ones, flowers, trees, the sky, bird, mountains, babies, and sunsets, to mention a very few things, and know how special they really are. What a joy it is to see the hand of God around you constantly, even in a troubled world.
George Foster, Amazing Peace-PI|Choose joy! Joy is a choice. Joy is a witness. Joy is a therapy. Joy is a habit. If Jesus, who drank so deeply of the world's sorrow, could be filled with so much fun and laughter, then so can I.
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|We are not perfect in ourselves, but in Him we are. In the red circle of this world, there is no hope. However, because you’re living in the purple wedge, there is always His hope, power, and joy.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|you have to have the right sort of stone. Peridot for mothers, girasol for lovers, sapphire for sadness, and garnet for joy.
Euginia Herlihy|Joy brings smiles on our faces, it brings power, peace and sound mind.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Find my hand in the darkness, intertwined you will be the day to my night. We can share wings and take flight towards our own inner light.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|The Phoenix burns and rebirths from the ashes in the absence of need for witness, acceptance, understanding or belief.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|She always, She always wanted to express herself but no one cared,So she stopped,She was crushed,Stiff & lifeless,Like everything else.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|We read the pagan sacred books with profit and delight. With myth and fable we are ever charmed, and find a pleasure in the endless repetition of the beautiful, poetic, and absurd. We find, in all these records of the past, philosophies and dreams, and efforts stained with tears, of great and tender souls who tried to pierce the mystery of life and death, to answer the eternal questions of the Whence and Whither, and vainly sought to make, with bits of shattered glass, a mirror that would, in very truth, reflect the face and form of Nature's perfect self.These myths were born of hopes, and fears, and tears, and smiles, and they were touched and colored by all there is of joy and grief between the rosy dawn of birth, and death's sad night. They clothed even the stars with passion, and gave to gods the faults and frailties of the sons of men. In them, the winds and waves were music, and all the lakes, and streams, and springs,—the mountains, woods and perfumed dells were haunted by a thousand fairy forms. They thrilled the veins of Spring with tremulous desire; made tawny Summer's billowed breast the throne and home of love; filled Autumns arms with sun-kissed grapes, and gathered sheaves; and pictured Winter as a weak old king who felt, like Lear upon his withered face, Cordelia's tears. These myths, though false, are beautiful, and have for many ages and in countless ways, enriched the heart and kindled thought. But if the world were taught that all these things are true and all inspired of God, and that eternal punishment will be the lot of him who dares deny or doubt, the sweetest myth of all the Fable World would lose its beauty, and become a scorned and hateful thing to every brave and thoughtful man.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|When reading the history of the Jewish people, of their flight from slavery to death, of their exchange of tyrants, I must confess that my sympathies are all aroused in their behalf. They were cheated, deceived and abused. Their god was quick-tempered unreasonable, cruel, revengeful and dishonest. He was always promising but never performed. He wasted time in ceremony and childish detail, and in the exaggeration of what he had done. It is impossible for me to conceive of a character more utterly detestable than that of the Hebrew god. He had solemnly promised the Jews that he would take them from Egypt to a land flowing with milk and honey. He had led them to believe that in a little while their troubles would be over, and that they would soon in the land of Canaan, surrounded by their wives and little ones, forget the stripes and tears of Egypt. After promising the poor wanderers again and again that he would lead them in safety to the promised land of joy and plenty, this God, forgetting every promise, said to the wretches in his power:—'Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness and your children shall wander until your carcasses be wasted.' This curse was the conclusion of the whole matter. Into this dust of death and night faded all the promises of God. Into this rottenness of wandering despair fell all the dreams of liberty and home. Millions of corpses were left to rot in the desert, and each one certified to the dishonesty of Jehovah. I cannot believe these things. They are so cruel and heartless, that my blood is chilled and my sense of justice shocked. A book that is equally abhorrent to my head and heart, cannot be accepted as a revelation from God.When we think of the poor Jews, destroyed, murdered, bitten by serpents, visited by plagues, decimated by famine, butchered by each, other, swallowed by the earth, frightened, cursed, starved, deceived, robbed and outraged, how thankful we should be that we are not the chosen people of God. No wonder that they longed for the slavery of Egypt, and remembered with sorrow the unhappy day when they exchanged masters. Compared with Jehovah, Pharaoh was a benefactor, and the tyranny of Egypt was freedom to those who suffered the liberty of God.While reading the Pentateuch, I am filled with indignation, pity and horror. Nothing can be sadder than the history of the starved and frightened wretches who wandered over the desolate crags and sands of wilderness and desert, the prey of famine, sword, and plague. Ignorant and superstitious to the last degree, governed by falsehood, plundered by hypocrisy, they were the sport of priests, and the food of fear. God was their greatest enemy, and death their only friend.It is impossible to conceive of a more thoroughly despicable, hateful, and arrogant being, than the Jewish god. He is without a redeeming feature. In the mythology of the world he has no parallel. He, only, is never touched by agony and tears. He delights only in blood and pain. Human affections are naught to him. He cares neither for love nor music, beauty nor joy. A false friend, an unjust judge, a braggart, hypocrite, and tyrant, sincere in hatred, jealous, vain, and revengeful, false in promise, honest in curse, suspicious, ignorant, and changeable, infamous and hideous:—such is the God of the Pentateuch.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|As I grow through love, so grows my joy, ever more present, ever more constant.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Many of us fight for and boast our freedom of what is ultimately the ability to prove ourselves to other people. It is unfortunate that only a few of us are so free in our joy, we no longer feel the need to prove ourselves to anyone.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|If its a lie,Then let me live,Between the interconnected fabric of truths,Offer me no more,Give me no less.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|I won't be stuck in traffic 'til I see how rugged my path isAnd right now I'm loving how fast my troubles are fastingNo they don't bother me oh realizing I'm psychopathicA wild beast, baby I'm gladly running afterYes a thing called peace outlasting any madnessThe devil fears me oh he's feelingLike a fragment of a fractionNo he won't come near me'Cause his hat trick's out of practice
Dawn Metcalf, Indelible|Do you trust me?"She could still hear him, through flesh and noise."I love you!" she shouted.It wasn't the answer he'd expected or the she'd expected to give. It was the wrong time, the wrong thing to say, but her answer lit a fire in his eyes.
Nadia Scrieva, Tides of Tranquility|Love does not have gender. Love is not exclusive! Our hearts have the capacity to love so many people. The only tragedy is when fear, cultural barriers, ridiculous misunderstandings, or arbitrary numbers prevent us from experiencing the joy we could have.
Wendell Berry, The Mad Farmer Poems|Dance,' they told me, and I stood still,and while I stood quiet in line at the gate of the Kingdom, I danced.'Pray,' they said, and I laughed,covering myself in the earth's brightnesses,and then stole off gray into the midst of a revel,and prayed like an orphan.
Gaurav Prabhu|Keep Smiling, Rock On!
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Judge not, lest ye miss out on all the fun.
Elizabeth Gilbert|When it comes to developing a worldview, we tend to face this false division: Either you are a realist who says the world is terrible, or a naïve optimist who says the world is wonderful and turns a blind eye. [Jack] Gilbert takes this middle way, and I think it’s a far better way: he says the world is terrible and wonderful, and your obligation is to joy. . . . A real, mature, sincere joy—not a cheaply earned, ignorant joy. He’s not talking about building a fortress of pleasure against the assault of the world. He’s talking about the miraculousness of moments of wonder and how it seems to be worth it, after all.
Elizabeth Gilbert|There’s this human capacity for joy and endurance, even when things are at their worst. A joy that occurs not despite our suffering, but within it.
Lynn Austin, Pilgrimage: My Journey to a Deeper Faith in the Land Where Jesus Walked|Joy explodes throughout the book of Psalms like fireworks, and is the most potent anti-missile defense system there is.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Control is an illusion, as is restraint. Dark to light, light to darkness.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|You are my dark turned to bright, the day into my light. A vision of splendour to my lights, light.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|The moon had never been as bright as the shine it was granting the sky with, committing every moment until sunrise.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Machinations are divined. Response is by nature, nurture, experience and if sought peer pressure. You are the owner of free will. Choose.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|There is sanctity in knowing, being, wanting, feeling all of everything for you.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|The immortal gods, the deities will rise, they will fall but none will live beyond the wall. Prometheus, knows love & saves them all.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Fulfil my wishes, Obey my commands.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Lying down gazing at the cerulean blue-black sky, she slid her hands down to intertwine her fingers with his. "I love you," she whispers.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Forever and always from me to you. My love is pure, my love is true. It is gifted to none other than you.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Right time, right place, right moment.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Forever thine, forever mine.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Her soul whispers to his, "Take me. I am ready.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Nothing in her world aligns to the surreality of her dreams. She can feel his presence, his warmth, his depth of intent pressing against her.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|He wants her to want him with the same intensity. She looks upon him with lusts draw and whispers, "Take me, I am yours.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|The measure of space & time creates an echo of haunting distance between us, yet we are close, we are united in the love we forge together.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Beyond the mask she is witness to his glorious soul. Exposed to the elements, she warms her skin in his light and essence of being.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Man is fond of reckoning up his troubles, but does not count his joys.
Letters of St. Herman of Alaska|A true Christian is made by faith and love toward Christ. Our sins do not in the least hinder our Christianity, according to the word of the Savior Himself. He deigned to say: not the righteous have I come to call, but sinners to salvation; there is more joy in heaven over one who repents than over ninety righteous ones. Likewise concerning the sinful woman who touched His feet, He deigned to say to the Pharisee Simon: to one who has love, a great debt is forgiven, but from one who has no love, even a small debt will be demanded. From these judgments a Christian should bring himself to hope and joy, and not in the least accept an inflicted despair. Here one needs the shield of faith.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Forever present, always knowing that you are the only one for me.
George Foster, Amazing Peace-PI|How do we handle feelings? What significance should we attach to them? If we want to keep our feelings from deceiving and defeating us, we must make some tough choices in our lives. We must trust God to keep our feelings under His control. We must make a choice to rejoice, and we must do it constantly. Feelings go where our thoughts and choices take them. So we can have confidence that God will use our choice and release to us the feelings that we need.
George Foster, Amazing Peace-PI|Feelings are involuntary reactions, so God does not say, "Feel joy." He says, "Rejoice!" It's a choice.
George Foster, Amazing Peace-PI|Christians know that joy is more than a feeling or an on-again, off-again sentiment that changes according to the circumstances they face. Followers of Jesus Christ distinguish between lasting joy and situational happiness. Fun and joy are not necessarily synonymous. We believe we can experience inner joy with no special external stimulus to make us happy.
C. JoyBell C.|Choose your battles wisely. After all, life isn't measured by how many times you stood up to fight. It's not winning battles that makes you happy, but it's how many times you turned away and chose to look into a better direction. Life is too short to spend it on warring. Fight only the most, most, most important ones, let the rest go.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|She said that everyone has some evil inside them, and the first step to loving anyone is to recognize the same evil inside ourselves,so we're able to forgive them.
C. JoyBell C.|The dance between darkness and light will always remain— the stars and the moon will always need the darkness to be seen, the darkness will just not be worth having without the moon and the stars.
C. JoyBell C.|Sometimes, you may think you have fallen into an abyss...when in fact, you've just descended to the roots...of the tree of life! Somewhere along your climb, you got lost amongst the branches, and lost in the darkness of the branches, the only way to find the straight way up would be to return to the roots! And from there amongst the roots, you will be able to look straight up and see the top again! And begin your ascent!
C. JoyBell C.|You can feel anything. All is free for you to feel. But I guarantee you that if you allow yourself to feel envy and then to swim in it, that envy will destroy you and the people around you. Envy is unlike anger. Envy is not a right wing nor a left wing, it is not on either end of the balancing beam. Nobody needs it and I can assure you that once you give yourself to it, you will be eaten up. Envy can even eat up nations, casting them up against each other and pull a whole nation down into an internal collapse.
C. JoyBell C.|Remember that when you think you are seeing giants, they may not be giants at all; perhaps it is you who is the dwarf.
Ismat Ahmed Shaikh|Knowledge, you may get from books but wisdom is trapped within you, release it.
C. JoyBell C.|People will be jealous of you for anything. Do bad and they will be jealous of you for being bad, do good and they will be jealous of you for being good, pull yourself up out of the ashes and they will be jealous of your strength, work hard and succeed and they will be jealous of your perseverance, buy new shoes and people will want to steal them, grow your hair long and people with want to cut it, laugh out loud and people will be jealous of your reasons for laughing. The truth is that envy is not because of you; but envy is in the eye of the beholder!
C. JoyBell C.|Too many people are endowed with a feeling of entitlement, but born without God-given empathy.
Karen   White, The Time Between|...hearing again the words from the Gullah woman, All shut-eye ain't sleep; all good-bye ain't gone.
Radhe Maa|Plough your fields, cast your seeds, the rains will come when they please.
C. JoyBell C.|What does it mean to be cultured? Who is the cultured person? The cultured individual is not defined nor determined by status in society nor by wealth; but the cultured individual is determined and defined by his or her sense for the art of life. And what is the art of life? The art of life is the reflection of the mind and the soul upon the world, upon other people, upon the respect and understanding of other people and upon the things that are in this world and beyond. There is a joy that is always sought in beautiful things. Being cultured is being conscious, reflective, understanding, feeling, aware. Knowing how to feel, to listen, to understand. A desire to find or to create joy in many things— that is the art of life. And these things define a cultured person.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a lion invites you to dinner, turn down the offer, no matter how hungry you are.
Gabriel García Márquez|Ceasing to believe caused a permanent scar in the place where one's faith had been, making it impossible to forget.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you waste time watering a fruitless tree, fruitful ones may die of thirst.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A lion's greater talents are revealed in the jungle, not in the circus.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A tree's beauty lies in its branches, but its strength lies in its roots.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a lion takes its advice from sheep, it will go hungry.
Tracey Bond|If you live long enough & have changed enough diapers like I have raising 6 whole grown adult children one-at-a-time; you ought to be able to call out bullshit blindly, in about a million different ways & plays. My potty-training days have long been over...so what fool retards at their wisdom stage? For this chief reason, I could show you better than tell you, try as you might: you cannot change grown ups diapers in life, who think you don't know how 'full of shit' they are today.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When sheep grow blind, it is only wolves that rejoice.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you place two flowers in the same vase, they will not argue over who is more beautiful.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To learn how to swim, observe fish; how to hunt, observe lions; how to work, observe bees, and how to live, observe sages.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you hide honey in the dark, bees will still find it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you can't climb a tree, shake it, and its fruit will fall.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A fish is a genius in water, an eagle is a genius in air, a fox is a genius on land, and a sage is a genius in life. 
Haritha Velpureddy|You think i do not know how to live, but i think you are not even living, you just exist.
Haritha Velpureddy|We follow the rules of Jungle.survival, survival, survival.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If men could fit water into their pockets, the ocean would be empty.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be humble to those who praise you, pleasant to those who honor you, kind to those who cherish you, good to those who love you, and generous to those who adore you.
C. JoyBell C.|What would be the significance of the candlelight, if there were no darkness? What would be the power of the stars over our minds, if there were no night?
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is difficult to fill a broken vessel, and impossible to fill a leaking one.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|Do not make yourself a bridge for everyone to cross on you, because there are some people they put nail on their feet to cross on you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In knowledge there is strength, in understanding there is might, and in wisdom there is power.
Shelley Lubben, Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn: The Greatest Illusion on Earth|But the powerful words of the Pastor repeated in my head, “There’s a Champion inside of you!
Shelley Lubben, Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn: The Greatest Illusion on Earth|...Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight. Proverbs 3: 5-6.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a fly lands on your food, do not use a hammer to remove it.
C. JoyBell C.|If you want to access your power as a divine human being, you must search for the small inside of the big and for the big inside of the small. When you look up into the expanse of sky overhead, look for the stars, the planets, the birds that fly. Small things for the eye to spot. And when you look down into the the face of a streetside flower, look for joy, happiness, comfort, stillness, and a silent song. When you have mastered finding the small in the big and the big in the small, you will have mastered your own divinity.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is not how fast a tree grows, but how well. It is not how big a fruit is, but how sweet.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you teach a wolf how to hunt, it will reward you by devouring you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you fish without proper bait, you will only catch disappointment.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The elephant is the largest, but not the fiercest. The giraffe is the tallest, but not the strongest. The cheetah is the fastest, but not the wisest. The ant is the smallest, but not the gentlest.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you swim with sharks, make sure you have the appetite of a whale.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Beware of befriending wolves; remember, they are only loyal to their appetite.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be like water; soft as it is, it breaks through rocks and impenetrable surfaces.
Eileen Anglin|If you want to heal or experience more happiness in life, learn to move out of the head and be in your heart more. You will know you are "in your head" when you analyze, control and overthink. When you have run on thoughts, worry, and talk without listening. When you take all the workshops and read all the books, but aren't experiencing it's message in your life, in your heart.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge is strength, understanding is mastery, and wisdom is power.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Money is a great asset, talent is an extraordinary asset, and courage is an exceptional asset.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you touch a wound while it is healing, you will prolong it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Because the moon is not jealous of the sun, it benefits from its light.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The early bird gets the first worm, but the wisest bird gets the fattest one.
Matshona Dhliwayo|We all come into the world rocks, but the enlightened leave it diamonds.
Ramana Pemmaraju|From language to no-language is the journey and certainly every master has to use lies to attract you, to make you aware of your mindlessness, your stupidity. That's why I tell you to relish this very moment, and when you squeeze out the juice of every moment, then you will realise that there is nothing worthy in this world, then for the first time you start turning IN-wards, not otherwise!
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you serve two masters, either of them may punish you for serving the other.
Eileen Anglin|The question to ask ourselves; "Would you rather be right or would you rather have peace?" Some battles are worth fighting, and some are not.If being "right" is more important than having peace, and the cause doesn't evolve or enhance life, then we must ask ourselves; "why do I need to be right?"The question to ask in our own lives. At our work, within our homes and in our global community.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A tree is naked, no matter how big, if it does not have leaves.
James Allen, The Wisdom of James Allen: Five Books in One: As a Man Thinketh: The Path to Prosperity: The Mastery of Destiny: The Way of Peace: Entering the Kingdom|A teacher is a sower of seed, a spiritual agriculturist, while he who teaches himself is the wise farmer of his own mental plot.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Look behind you! Can you see yesterday? Look ahead of you! Can you see tomorrow? Yesterday is gone; tomorrow is yet to come! Learn from yesterday and plan for tomorrow, but be happy with your today, for that is all you have! Work hard with diligence in it and do your best to make it the best today! You may never have another wonderful day like today! If it is a rough day, work hard to be an over comer in the day, and that will make your story for the day a wonderful one! If it is a comfortable day, enjoy it and invest in it for a lasting tomorrow’s comfort for you least know what in reality is ahead of you! Build a solid tomorrow today! Today is today; use it well!
Matshona Dhliwayo|One who never reads only goes where his feet can take him, but one who does, travels around the world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You cannot tell a river in which direction it should flow, but you can steer your boat.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A bee, though small, can still sting you; an elephant, though calm, can still trample you; a lion, though full, can still devour you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Pleasure is a kind servant, but a cruel master.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Take your time to find and understand what you don’t know and in the end, you shall know that it is not all the things you know that shows you something you don’t know, but something you don’t know!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Take your time to find, know and understand what you don’t know and in the end, you shall know that it is not all the things you know that show you something you don’t know, but something you don’t know!
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the sun shone for itself, it would be blinded by its own light; if a river flowed for itself, it would be drowned by its own weight.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The mind speaks, though it does not have lips.The heart moves, though it does not have feet.The soul rises, though it does not have wings.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The mind is a temple of knowledge, the heart is a temple of understanding, and the soul is a temple of wisdom; together they are a temple of enlightenment.
Eileen Anglin|All of our relationships and our interactions, the life affirming ones and the challenging ones, show us how far we have come and where we still need to go.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is the roof that fights the rain, but the builder who gets all the glory.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a bird does not bring out all of the songs on its heart, all its symphonies die inside.
Eileen Anglin|Our soul longs to be of service in some way. It's why we are here. If you weren't meant to touch the world in some way, you wouldn't be here.What act of service calls to you? Even the smallest thing has an effect in eternity.
Drishti Bablani, Wordions | Uns|Understanding someone, is the sign of True Maturity,Forgiving them is that of True Wisdom.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When birds eat from your hand, they are letting the whole world know that they trust you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You can curse the sun a thousand times, but cannot keep it from shining, even for a day.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You cannot drown a fish in the ocean, no matter how deep you sink it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is in vain to stone the sky, no matter how big the rock is.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, A-Ma Alchemy of Love|As long as the belief is: we need suffering to grow, the world will be suffering and the belief will be limiting.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, A-Ma Alchemy of Love|There are many paths leading to One. These herbs carry within their fragile essence a secret of Life, Universe, Creation, and the secrets of Enlightenment. We all carry the Truth within, and every drop of water, every flower, every man intuitively knows it, no matter what the path we choose to follow is.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, A-Ma Alchemy of Love|On the surface of Life, you walk, talk, act, play but you live only when truly in contact with your Souls, you live only when truly sad, only when truly happy. Sadness and happiness are different faces of the same coin, different ways of understanding the same truth. The sadness though, also brings the self-destruction, it tortures minds, carrying diseases and sometimes darkness.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, A-Ma Alchemy of Love|Materialized in a female body, with a life of an ordinary person, through centuries, She ascends to meet the ones that are ready for Her, that call Her, that have a wish to understand. She is the personification of the Universal Mother. She lives Love and Clarity and She dies at Will, when She decides that it is time to go. Her name is Ama.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, A-Ma Alchemy of Love|The spectrum of possibilities is vast and our souls long to incorporate as many as they can... We are in a constant process of learning how to think, behave, or act understanding the manifestations of Tao, the manifestation of Qi within us.
Kermit Roosevelt III, Allegiance|I never wanted to be safe, I wanted to be good.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Noble leaders choose: wisdom over wealth, knowledge over fame, understanding over honor, virtue over titles, and people over power.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The mind speaks, thought it does not have lips. The heart moves, though it does not have feet. The soul rises, though it does not have wings.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a tree bears sweet fruit, birds have many reasons to visit it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the sun needed friends to shine, it would not rule the sky alone.
C. JoyBell C.|When people are broken on the outside, society is taught to never be rude to them. When people are broken on the inside, society is taught to rub happiness in their faces and show them how perfect life should be. When someone has half of an arm, you are not supposed to go up to them and show them how great of an arm wrestler you are. But when someone has a broken mind or a broken soul, you're taught to go up to them and tell them to look for joy in everything. Society has a very long way to go in terms of what it means to heal this world's broken people.
C. JoyBell C.|People of the world, today always say, "Look up to the sky, look up to the sky", but while they do that, they trample on butterflies with broken wings and they step on ladybugs with broken legs. "Look up to the sky and be like God", they say; but nay, it is the nature of the mortal to cast his gaze upward, while it is the nature of the gods in the sky to cast their gaze downwards. When you are below, the way to look is up. When you are up, the way to look is down.
Melanie Greenberg|Work with "what is" rather than "what if" and you will move towards "what can be.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Water has no mouth, but swallows many. Light has no hands, but touches many. Wind has no feet, but carries many. Darkness has no teeth, but devours many.
Micheline Jean Louis|You are the only one capable of loving you the way you deserve to be love. The only hero that will save you is you, you are everything that you need, If you would only take the time the to invest in getting to know yourself, not through outside lenses, but by finding your quiet place within and learning the language of your soul.
C. JoyBell C.|The goodness of a person is normally judged based upon how they act towards those whom they consider to be less fortunate than themselves. This has become the standard for measuring the goodness of a person. But this is erroneous. It is in fact very easy to be good to those whom you consider to be less fortunate than yourself. You know what's difficult? Being good to those you envy! That is what's difficult to do! People believe themselves to practice equality because they are good to those who are lesser than they are, but this is not equality if they do not show the same amount of goodness to the people who happen to be more than they are. I always look at how a person treats those who are more than they are, and that is how I determine the goodness in a person. Because the other option is just too easy. The other option comes with all benefit and no loss.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is not the size of the candle that matters, but the size of its light.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you have nothing, be hopeful; when you have little, be grateful; when you have much, be sensible; when you have everything, be humble.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you try to test a river’s depths with both feet, you will drown.
Aberjhani, Illuminated Corners: Collected Essays and Articles Volume I.|At the different stages of recognition, reflection, and redress, practicing compassion provides potentially world-saving opportunities which otherwise likely would not exist.
David Benedict Zumbo|The uniting of the soul, body and spirit is the beginning of both the natural and spiritual life, but the separation of these from one another is either the end of life or beginning of a new one.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Magic|Refuse anxiety. When you borrow trouble against what might be, you neglect the moment you have now to enjoy. The man who worries about what will next be happening to him loses this moment in dread of the next with pre-judgement
C. JoyBell C.|Of people that hold an opinion that is popular and that makes them look good: I cannot take your opinions seriously. If you are of a persuasion that is popular and that makes you look like a better person, then you hold that persuasion as a result of no inner convictions of your own; rather, you hold that persuasion as a result of self-consciousness. It takes courage and inner strength to hold convictions that go against popular opinion and that go against what would make you feel accepted in the eyes of most. There are three levels to this sort of consciousness: the first level dictates that you are simply unaware and you go about with daily life with no presumptions, simply going with the flow of everything. The second level is the one that the current generation mostly belongs to: the level of those who believe themselves to be enlightened, awakened. This second level belongs to those who would call those belonging to the first level as "sheep". This second level belongs to those who would believe that there are only two levels: one belonging to sheep and another belonging to them. They are unaware of the third level. But the third level of consciousness is the level that belongs not to what those on the lesser level would call as "sheep" and also not belonging to the second level of those who believe themselves to be free thinkers. At this third level, are those who see plainly that the free thinkers of today are simply a different herd of sheep, who all hold a shared opinion of what it means to be a better person, what it means to be an enlightened individual, what it means to be free. They are the herd that believe themselves to be free. At least the first herd at the first level do not care to go about with such thoughts in their minds: they are the ones who care only of working honestly, living honestly, and doing good deeds. Those on the second level, however, upon believing themselves to be set free of former persuasions, are convinced of their mental and spiritual superiority. But, alas, such individuals would not dare hold any personal conviction if it meant they would be seen in an unfavourable light by their peers, friends, by the masses. Their inner compasses are controlled not by the image they wish to see in the mirror; rather, their inner compasses are controlled by the image they wish others to see when looking at them. Now, at the third level, nothing controls these minds except for the desire to see in the mirror what is true, what is pure, what is better; regardless if anybody else can see it or not. At the third level of consciousness, we find those who have transcended the pleasures provided by the feelings of other people's acceptance, praise, and opinion of them. To be good, and to believe good, not because it is popular, but because it is true and good. At the third level, we will find those whose inner compasses are controlled by their reflections in the mirror, not by their peers, their friends, or the masses.
Aberjhani, The Wisdom of W.E.B. Du Bois|Added to the shock of the routine violation of their bodies was the trauma of having to relinquish their children to unknown slave-holders. [W.E.B.] Du Bois considered this physical, mental, and spiritual abuse of black women--with its inevitable result being the destruction of the traditional African family--the highest crime committed by slave-holders and the one thing for which he said he could not forgive them.
Professor Markins aka  Engineer Gikundi|Most people forget that Wisdom can't thrive where there's no "Respect
C. JoyBell C.|Never get involved with people who are likely to envy you at the end of the day. People like that will actually lurk in the bushes, play your mind, and pounce on you when you are at our most vulnerable state. Envy is the root of all evil, in all men and women, everywhere. They’re not going to leave your side, but for reasons that you wouldn’t like!
C. JoyBell C.|Don’t hate people who show you what’s wrong with you. They are your mirror, they are your true friends.
C. JoyBell C.|I really feel sorry for the many men who are surrounded by people who flatter them all the time. In Chinese we have a golden proverb: "The true friend is the one who shows you how to bow down. Because you cannot enter the cave of treasures without bowing at the opening. And the true enemy is the one who flatters you. Because you cannot enter the cave of treasures standing tall with pride." At the end of the day, it is those that flatter you who keep you away from the true treasures in your life. In the culture we all live in today, we are taught to surround ourselves by people "who believe in us". That is true to some extent. But in reality, there are many times when the people around us ought to slap us in the face because we are being idiots. This seems to be particularly prevalent amongst men. In their quest to build a kingdom, they surround themselves with peasants. But this is not how to build a kingdom. In order to build a kingdom, surround yourself with knights. True friends who will protect you, even if it means protecting you from your own wayward self.
Cristen Rodgers|Sometimes what’s dead must be burned away to make room for new life. Sometimes you just have to step back and let the brittle bits ignite - but once those flames begin to dance their caustic dance, don’t you dare look the other way. Don’t close your eyes. Watch closely and let that image seer itself forever on your mind. Remember what it looked like in the midst of the soot, the smoke, and the haze. Remember, so you don’t repeat the same conditions that required such a blaze.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The wise know much, but pretend to know little; the ignorant know little, but pretend to know much; and the foolish know nothing, but pretend to know all.
Val Uchendu|Everyday we are innudated with exciting string of events on social media and news, even suffer sensory overload at times. Keep it simple; embrace one thing at a time
Val Uchendu|An artist must take comfort that there's no satisfaction whatsoever with one's creation, just a dissatisfaction that keeps one a step away from sliding into mediocrity.
Val Uchendu|Laugh to be refreshed, discover to be surprised, accept and celebrate differences to be happy
Leo Tolstoy, Eleven Stories|Remember that there is onlyone important time and is Now. The present moment isthe only time over which we have dominion. The mostimportant person is always the person with whom youare, who is right before you, for who knows if you willhave dealings with any other person in the future. Themost important pursuit is making that person, the onestanding at you side, happy, for that alone is the pursuitof life.
Jellis Vaes|Removing yourself from the familiar and opting for the unfamiliar opens up the unknown. And within the unknown there are questions we have never asked ourselves; experiences we have never imagined; lessons we have never had a chance to learn. What we ultimately need when we are stuck within a bubble, is change. Another perspective of seeing and knowing what is possible. Traveling will open that up for you. The world will play its role; all you need to do, is pack your bags and allow it to happen.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to know how good a tree is, examine how many birds flock to feed off of its fruit.
C. JoyBell C.|I am not afraid of people who say all the wrong things that make others gasp in disbelief. I am afraid of the people who say all the right things that make others bow in admiration. It is incredibly easy to say all the right things. We all know exactly what the majority of people want to believe and want to hear. All we have to do is give them what they want, they will bow before us. Anybody can do that. I am more afraid of people who would like to persuade me into admiration, than of people who are simply being people; sinning openly and talking like drunken thieves. That's who they are on the outside, it's also who they are on the inside.
C. JoyBell C.|Lots of people use good character and moral standing as a brand name. They know it's what people like, they want people to like them, so they wear it as one would wear a quality brand shirt. Putting it on in the morning and taking it off at the end of the day. Saying all the things they know people want to hear. If they were the very last person on Earth, there would be no reason for them to be of good character, because nobody would see it.
Cat Ellington|As a working professional in the entertainment industry, I have come to truly cherish both my creative freedom and my independence. Because I, for one, know how precious and priceless they are.
Jellis Vaes|The world is alive, and just as we humans draw energy from connection with other human beings, so we do too from this world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is the ant, not the lion, which the elephant fears.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Even though the world hails Joan of Arc as some sort of hero, which she undoubtedly was, what pains me the most is that her pathological condition ultimately led to her demise at the age of only nineteen.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|​The universe perceives itself through us, or to be more specific, through our neurons.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|All our unique human achievements may seem to be the creation of the unique human mind, but they are simply the by- products of our neurobiological response to the environment.
C. JoyBell C.|Many people define who they are, based upon what the world sees when it looks at them. They build themselves with their foundation set upon the perceptions of others. Do others think they are good, kind, smart, loving? But I define who I am, based upon the person who looks back at me in the mirror. If you were the only person on Earth, with nobody to see you, know your name, or ever be aware of your existence; what kind of person would you be? Live for the person who looks back at you in the mirror and be that person even if you are the last human being on Earth. Too many people live for what the world will think and will see; too few people live for their own soul. Are you smart, successful, got lots of super ideas? But those are not important questions. This is the most important question: do you know how to love? I do not care if nobody on Earth were to know my name; do I know my own soul? Do I know how to love? These are the questions I ask myself.
C. JoyBell C.|Acceptance" is a very important word in our lives. People drive themselves into madness and death thinking about the chasm that exists between their ideals and their actual reality that they are living. There must be a balance between improvement of one's self and one's circumstances and the acceptance of reality. There is a beautiful dance that one must learn, which involves embracing the reality of your life as you would embrace a Latin dance partner on the ballroom floor, and moving that partner (your reality) in graceful strides, towards where you want to be situated, on that dance floor. If you dance with no partner (your current reality), you will arrive at your destination empty. Empty. That is, if you ever arrive at all. But when you dance with that partner, embracing and accepting it for all of its flaws and its redeeming qualities, you will be able to move across that dance floor as a full, whole person. Wherever you end up stopping in that ballroom, you will stop there as a whole person, not an empty one. So, accept the mistakes that have been done unto you and the mistakes that you have done. Accept the fact that you didn't grow up perfectly and you are not perfect now. Accept, embrace, love the people who are given to you to love. And love yourself just as you are.
Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 8 Vol. set|always keep your mind joyful; if melancholy thoughts come, kick them out.
Aloy Ricketts, Erotica: The Hub of Ecstasy: Series Three (Erotica Short Stories, Romance, Erotic Romance, Menage Romance)|To every bad there's a good and to every good there's a bad. And both are pertinent to the lessons of life, and the building of your character or individuality.
Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 8 Vol. set|if you want to help others, your little self must go.
Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 8 Vol. set|all misery comes from fear, from unsatisfied desire.
Swami Vivekananda, The Complete Works Of Swami Vivekananda: V. 1|if you want to do a great or a good work, do not trouble to think what the result will be.
Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 8 Vol. set|stick to truth and we shall succeed, may be slowly, but surely.
Valencia Mackie|No matter what life throws at you, fight with your eyes wide open to fight a good fight.
Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 8 Vol. set|the man who is pure, and who dares, does all things.
Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 8 Vol. set|stand up, be bold. you are the sole and only cause.
Swami Vivekananda|Consciously or unconsciously, we are all striving for perfection.
Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda, 9 Vols.|If I am unhappy, it has been of my own making, and that very thing shows that I can be happy if I will.
Abhijit Naskar|Pathology can indeed cause experiences of the Kingdom of God, but not all God experiences are caused by pathology.
Abhijit Naskar|Biology without selfishness, is nothing but fiction.
Eileen Anglin|Accept all of you, the good with the bad, the successes with the failures, the times you shone and the mistakes you made. It will bring into a place of peace. It will help you to move forward with your life.
Abhijit Naskar|​Pass on bravery and wisdom to the future generations, not some ragged traditions and baseless cowardice.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|Males of all species are made for wooing females, and females typically choose among their suitors.
Abhijit Naskar|I dream of a planet where the science of the mind, brings the Bible, the Vedas, the Quran, and all other scriptures together and binds them with the golden twine of harmony.
The Voice of the Martyrs, Hearts of Fire: Eight Women in the Underground Church and Their Stories of Costly Faith|When the children of God meet, angels also gather to hear the wisdom of God. So it is the duty of every believer, not to praise earthly men or leaders who come and go, but to praise God the Creator and Christ the Savior, who died for us in the cross.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|No book on this planet can give you the description of terms like religion, spirituality, divinity unless you discover it within the realm of your own mind.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Do not go for conformity that breeds mediocrity! Choose instead to stand for transformation that does not only transforms lives, but true purpose and living as well.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The author of true, real and rare wisdom is God; ask Him!
Mwirigi LG|keep the relationship with your God private, special & unique... then ignore all the filters other Christians use to look at you...
Mwirigi LG|Children inherit their intelligence from their mother not their father, say scientists... chose your wives/the mother of your children wisely otherwise start making mutual relationships with your local Headmaster, Principal, Governor & any person of note early cos it's going to be a long & tiring exercise pushing them up the ladder of employment
Abhijit Naskar|Religious unity does not come so easily. It is not a piece of pie, which you can buy in the shop. It takes sincere efforts from every single human being on this planet.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|No mountain is too high, but so many people can't climb even a hill. There is always a way to the top, but so many people can't even get the mid and many miss the way. Life is real and the journey of life comes with rules. Mind the real and distinctive rules that lead to success and you shall get to the very peak of the mountain of success surmounting all barriers, challenges and puzzles along the journey to success with a great degree of ease!
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are looking at anything from one point, from one angle, you can never attain wisdom because wisdom is to see all the things from every point, from every angle!
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Our entire neurobiology acts as a giant input-output system, that receives information from the outside world, processes that information and makes a person react accordingly.
Sahara Sanders|If one of the most interesting places to be is your inner world, you will never be bored when you are alone.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A wise person strives to reach self-transcendence by engaging in delicate contemplation, while avoiding the snare of self-denigration’s negative invocation. An overshadowing sense of a caustic self can be destructive, whereas an encircling sense of a kindhearted self allows a person to express the profundity and elation of a feral creature curiously exploring nature’s glorious playground.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be like stars; when darkness tries to stop you from shining, shine all the more.
Rehan Gillani|Your Attention is your Investment. The Smarter you Invest, The Better Your ROI will be.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Light cannot hide its beauty, not even in darkness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Follow the river to reach the sea; follow the sea to reach the ocean. And finally follow the ocean to reach the wisdom! As long as you target beyond of the beyond, you will reach the very beyond!
Sir Kristian Goldmund Aumann|You can rely on a stick, but not on a faithless friend.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You cannot control the ocean, but you can guide the rivers that feed it.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|Discover the God in Life itself. And one who does, becomes a better version of himself or herself. If the entrepreneur thinks that he or she is the God, he or she will be a better entrepreneur. If the student thinks he or she is the God, he or she will be a better student. If the Scientist thinks that he or she is the God, he or she will be a better Scientist, and so on.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are too good to look after God’s trash, you are not good enough to look after God’s treasure.
Dariush Youkhaneh|God knows the WHY , we only receiving the wisdom.
Dariush Youkhaneh|If you want the windows of opportunity be opened for you, Do not neglect to create a goal.
Dariush Youkhaneh|You Change , the things WHEN YOU let your thoughts be like the mind of Christ.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To see a man’s true colors, tell him you’re saving yourself for marriage. To see a woman’s true colors, tell her you’re poor.
C. JoyBell C.|The diamond does not need to prove its worth. It is in fact the person who must teach him/herself to recognise the worth of real diamonds. A person must study this in school. A diamond does not go to school to learn how to prove its worth. It is the person who must go to school in order to recognise the worth of a diamond. Dear diamonds everywhere, stop trying to go to school. The worthy will recognise your worth.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you don't take inventory of your blessings, ingratitude will try to steal them from you.
C. JoyBell C.|People in this world, on this planet, all of these people are lonely. To varying degrees, human beings are lonely. Many are not; but too many are. And they are too frequently lonely, too. They fill their minds with things called dreams, plans, conclusions, outlooks, new stuff, self-imagery, self-esteem, illusions, fabrications; all of these things are noisy. They fill their minds up with all the things that are noisy enough to drown out the silence of their loneliness. And they think they're going somewhere because they gauge direction and success based upon the measurements of the distance covered over the platforms of the things they fill their minds with. The noise they fill their minds with. In reality, they're not going anywhere. They are sitting right there alone in that empty room of their minds where their hearts ache (or are numb), yet the walls are covered in noisy things, the corners filled with noisy things! It's a horror story, really. The people of this world are living inside a horror story and it is taking place within their minds. And you wonder why this world is unkind? You wonder why this world is violent, is unfulfilled, is half-baked? THIS is the reason why.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Intelligence is the icing, but wisdom is the cake.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A tree does not despair when its fruit falls to the ground, because it knows in due time, its seeds will rise.
Nurudeen Ushawu|I never dream to become someone important for myself. The truth is that I- I really don't have a personal ambition. My ambition, my dream, it's about the people. It's all about the people. It's for the people. It's all for the people. That is my ultimate goal.
Nurudeen Ushawu|I think there some kind of instinct connection between me and children. When I see children I find it quiet hard to take my eyes off them, and I could not hold my smile either. I really love their simplicity and innocence. If everyone would've have been childlike, not childish, the world would be a better place.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|People think that whatever comes out of the mouth of a wise man is the choicest gem, sometime it's utter stupidity and rubbish
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|I live nearby a graveyard, that's where I get all my inspiration for wisdom and life
Matshona Dhliwayo|If God wanted the woods to be quiet, He would not have given birds songs to sing.
Dr. Asoka Jinadasa|To get what you want tomorrow, be grateful for what you have today.
Dr. Asoka Jinadasa|Before walking in someone else’s shoes, you have to remove your shoes first.
C. JoyBell C.|It is very interesting how humanity has linked love to the lack of freedom. I think that when you find love, it is because you have become so free that you were able to truly find it. Love is a wild and running thing. Only the free can find what is wild and running. You become so free, that you are able to truly love. A life of bondage is a life lived without love.
Gugu Mona|Wisdom is not merchandise, hence it is possible to come across a rich fool.
John de Ruiter, The Intelligence of Love: Manifesting Your Being in This World|With Nectar in your Mind instead of Thinking, you have Understanding band Wisdom
M.J. DeMarco|Your choices are made in a moment, and yet their consequences transcend a lifetime.
Eileen Anglin|Being in your head is when you analyze, control and overthink. Run on thoughts, worry, talking but not listening, taking all the workshops and reading all the books, but not experiencing it's message.
Eileen Anglin|Where there is poverty and ignorance, there will be suffering, cruelty, corruption and intolerance.We must change everything and focus on education and empowering lives. Start in your own town and you will be a part of the changes you want to see happen in the world.
John de Ruiter, The Intelligence of Love: Manifesting Your Being in This World|With Nectar in your Mind instead of Thinking, you have Understanding and Wisdom
Matshona Dhliwayo|If people are not dancing to your tune, change the song.
Gugu Mona|Wise people do not claim to know it all, they always prefer to learn from others.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fall from ignorance, and you will rise to reason.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Witches Of Avignon|Advice for the wise: You"d better bite your tongueRather than cast a spell wrong.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be like the sun; warm to everyone, even your enemies.
Nurudeen Ushawu|you have learned, and you claim that you know, and yet you live like an ignorant.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Ask for a fish, and you only get one; ask for a net, and you can catch dozens.
Pankaj Mishra (#iampm)|There lives a man, who is too small for his own brain." ‪#‎iampm‬
Nurudeen Ushawu|For a better world, we need education. nevertheless, more than education, we need people with common sense.
Nurudeen Ushawu|I'm a believer, I believe in God, I believe in truth, I believe in righteousness.
Nurudeen Ushawu|Wisdom is using your head, separating right from wrong, and doing what is right.
Gerry Geek, Ice Breakers for Project Managers: Jokes, Quotes, and Brainteasers|More you know, better advice you give. Less you know, more advice you give.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want people to dance to your tune, sing beautiful songs.
C. JoyBell C.|Teach your children this from a very early age: "Everybody in this world is different, you're going to meet people who don't look like you, think like you, or even feel like you. This world is filled with so many different colours and shapes, so many different thoughts and feelings. You should never expect anyone else to be the same as you and you should never expect yourself to be the same as anybody else. But everyone can have so much fun learning about each other and celebrating one another" and when you are all able to do this, the world will begin to change for the better.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The heart is seldom wiser than the mind, but when it is, listen to it.
Jonny Oates, Wisdom for My Son and Daughter: A Man Takes a Philosophical Reflection on Life to Help, Guide, and Inspire Society and His Children|YOUR LIFE IS WHAT YOU CHOOSE IT TO BE FROM EVERY MOMENT ONWARDS, WITHIN THE LIMITS OF YOUR CONTROL. AT TIMES YOU WILL HAVE TO REGROUP AND ADAPT DUE TO ISSUES OUTSIDE OF YOUR CONTROL. BUT MANY OF LIFE’S OUTCOMES ARE DETERMINED BY ITS CHIEF MASTER: YOU!
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower has no choice in where it is planted, but does have a choice in the direction it grows.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A cat may have nine lives, but a wise person has a hundred.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you point to paradise, all the shortsighted will see is your finger.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Life may be a bed of roses, but roses still have thorns.
Matshona Dhiliwayo|Money is the most beautiful woman in the world;even when old and wrinkled, men are head-over-heals in love with her.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is incredible how many hurts can be healed by the two words, 'I'm sorry.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you push your luck too hard, fortune's muscles might tear.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Education costs an arm and a leg, but ignorance costs you your mind and your soul.
Christian Hunt, The Dawn of Grace|A curator treasures aged bibles, but the wise treasure the wisdom within.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you feed a bird, you don't have to force it to come to you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Any fool can marry, but only the wise live happily ever after.
Eileen Anglin|As you awaken to the new day, put your hands to your heart, breath in and say: I am loved. I am love. I love, I love, I love.
Eileen Anglin|God works through angels, people, nature and animals.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sometimes in life, you may take a step, only to realize the steps you missed. Sometimes in life, you may delay a step taking, only to see a step you shouldn’t have miss. Notwithstanding the results of your steps, you still ought to take steps. Life keeps moving and you can’t afford to be static! Keep on moving on!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If the body dies, life ends! If the body is disturbed, life is disturbed. If the mind is not sound, everything least sound well to the mind! Mind your body; mind your mind!
C. JoyBell C.|Be wiser than most, be a child in your heart, be a sage in your mind and a mage with your hands. Feel hearts beating, hear the flapping of birds' wings. Heal the broken, embrace the vulnerable. Speak to the living trees. Be pulled down by no one, and by nothing. This is how to be a Goddess.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We can never skip growing old. As we grow older, we understand old things and things of old times better!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Not until we leave bad situations for worst situations, we shall least value and appreciate bad situations which shield us from the worst situation
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Hard talk punch thought. Hard talk penetrate the heart. A hard talk opens jaws. Hard talk make us ponder to wonder. It is always hard to hear the hard talk that speaks the truth and reality but, such a hard talk is always a hard talk!
Paulo Coelho|In life, each person cantake one of two attitudes: to build or to plant. The builders mighttake years over their tasks, but one day, they finish what they’redoing. Then they find they’re hemmed in by their own walls. Lifeloses its meaning when the building stops.Then there are those who plant. They endure storms and allthe many vicissitudes of the seasons, and they rarely rest. But,unlike a building, a garden never stops growing. And while it requiresthe gardener’s constant attention, it also allows life for thegardener to be a great adventure.Gardeners always recognize one another, because they knowthat in the history of each plant lies the growth of the wholeWorld.
Arjun Pawar, Masters of Lygrenn|The doors to Wisdom & Glory are never closed, they just favor the undaunted
C. JoyBell C.|We must know that when we invite people into our lives, we are not just inviting people; but we are inviting experiences into our lives, as well. The time that we will spend with the people that we welcome in, will be the time spent on creating experiences in our lives. We are not really taught this. We are not taught that attached to a person is a world, and in that world our feelings and thoughts will mingle with the feelings and thoughts of the other person. Ultimately, we shape our lives depending upon our choices of the people we take in, and also depending upon the people that we couldn't choose. People are so much more than just lumps of bones, skin, and feelings. When they said one person can change the whole world, what that means is that if you change the life of one person, you are already changing one whole world. And vice versa. So be careful. Be brave, but be careful.
Rob Liano|You are self employed. You work to pay your bills, build your dreams and create your life, regardless of who signs your paycheck.
C. JoyBell C.|We must resolve to live our lives and to build our lives in such a way, that if every ounce of fame were to dissipate tomorrow, and the only people who still remember our names are the few people around us who have true love for us in their hearts-- we would still be able to go on living life with an equal or even greater amount of happiness than before. You see, we must resolve to live our lives in such a way, that the worth and the value of it all comes from those things that are a part of our souls. You fill your soul with what is a part of it, with people who have made you a part of their hearts, and things that bring you awe. Then if all the world were to disappear before your eyes, just not any part of your soul, then you are okay! You are still happy. You can wake up to a new morning in a world that doesn't know you, retaining every ounce of worth that you had before! And maybe even more.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Before We Visit the Goddess|Push away the past, that vessel in which all emotions curdle to regret.
Joseph L. Galloway|The toughest bullshit to cut through, is one's own.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A paradox of life; be it good or bad, joy or sorrow, comfort or discomfort, appointment or disappointment, encouragement or discouragement, deception or loyalty, faithfulness or unfaithfulness, a good day or a bad day, things in life never remains static. Things keep moving and things keep changing. Seconds keep galloping, minutes keep changing into hours and hours keep turning into days. Free your mind from such things which are capable of crippling it from thinking distinctively. Notwithstanding the situation, keep moving to the purposeful land.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essential Writings of Ralph Waldo Emerson|The purpose of life seems to be to acquaint a man with himself and whatever science or art or course of action he engages in reacts upon and illuminates the recesses of his own mind. Thus friends seem to be only mirrors to draw out and explain to us ourselves; and that which draws us nearer our fellow man, is, that the deep Heart in one, answers the deep Heart in another, -- that we find we have (a common Nature) -- one life which runs through all individuals, and which is indeed Divine.
Cary Grant Mr. Lucky|Never give a sucker an even break, but don't cheat a friend.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Today is another day! Yesterday is gone but not its memories. There were so many things we expected yesterday which did not happen and what we least expected happened instead. Some are still expecting something. Expectation is a pillar of life. We all do have our expectations for today. Though we may or we may not be able to tell with certainty how our expectations would materialize. We ought to take life easy. Well, it may not be so easy to take it easy but, take it easy! Stay focused and entrust your trust in God. After all what you least expects can happen; serendipity can visit you and stay with you forever at a twinkle of an eye. The coin of life can however turn within a moment of time and your expectations can become a big had I know and a night mare; the vicissitudes of life can rob you at any moment of time. No one knows what the next second really holds. What matters in life is to do what matter; plant the seed of life God has entrusted in your hands and dare to ensure its abundant fruitfulness. The very problem in life is living to neglect the very reasons why you are living because of the problems you may face in living why you must live. When you trade why you must live for why you must not live, you are ruled by what you know but you do not know how it is ruling you. Once we have life, let us live for life all about living and living life is life!
C. JoyBell C.|We must become the person who is ready to accept the thing/s that we want. Sometimes, what you want is already waiting for you, alongside the person that you are capable of becoming. Alongside the destined you. So in between here and there, you have that journey, that process, of becoming that person. Wiser, stronger, gentler. We think that to attain what we want, means simply to achieve what we wish to attain. But if we could only see ourselves-- our destined selves-- already there in the future, standing hand-in-hand with our desires, we would always know that our worthy desires are objects that call us unto a higher calling, a higher state of existence.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|Proudness is from ignorance, humbleness is from wisdom
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Today is another day! Yesterday is gone but not its memories. There were so many things we expected yesterday which did not happen and what we least expected happened instead. Some are still expecting something. Expectation is a pillar of life. We all do have our expectations for today. Though we may or we may not be able to tell with certainty how our expectations would materialize. We ought to take life easy. Well, it may not be so easy to take it easy but, take it easy! Stay focused and entrust your trust in God. After all what you least expects can happen; serendipity can visit you and stay with you forever at a twinkle of an eye. The coin of life can however turn within a moment of time and your expectations can become a big had I know and a nightmare; the vicissitudes of life can rob you at any moment of time. No one knows what the next second really holds. What matters in life is to do what matter; plant the seed of life God has entrusted in your hands and dare to ensure its abundant fruitfulness. The very problem in life is living to neglect the very reasons why you are living because of the problems you may face in living why you must live. When you trade why you must live for why you must not live, you are ruled by what you know but you do not know how it is ruling you. Once we have life, let us live for life all about living and living life is life!
C. JoyBell C.|It seems like such an amazing predicament to me, how one does not become a better person by seeking out in the world those who are lesser than himself and then saying, "I will be better than you because you're not as good as me." You don't become better by looking at others and trying to be better than them. You become a better person by looking at yourself in the mirror, and, seeking to overcome and to overthrow all the flaws within yourself, you overcome the weaker you, the lesser you; you become the better You, the stronger You, the higher You. That's how it goes.
Stacie Hammond, Ana J. Awakens|Teachers and leaders and storytellers and healers will grow from the earth like blessed flowers, blossoming outward with Divine guidance, to lead the rest.
Donna Goddard|Sometimes, to protect a secret we will say it so openly that most will not suspect the truth of what we are saying.
C. JoyBell C.|There is no worse discriminator than envy. No worse traitor than envy. Even those who are seemingly righteous, are brought down low by their envy. A true man will be known by his absence of envy. An evil man will be known by the presence of envy within him.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|In the arena of life, so many lessons are taught but few are taken and few are applied
Fakeer Ishavardas|Humble yourself, before you are.
Dana Gore|My ego is my employee – and I, the witness, am its employer.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|At the school of wisdom, mistake is not just a lesson but, a laboratory
C. JoyBell C.|What is truth" I was asked. "Truth is neither good nor bad. Neither evil nor pure. It just is." That's what I told her. Because through our convictions of good and bad, of evil and pure, we taint the truth with our own filters and our own desires. Truth is no respecter of what that man over there thinks is good or of what that woman over there thinks is evil. Truth remains as Truth, regardless of what you think about it.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Being Loving|Wise individuals frequently say very little, but what they do say hits the mark. Such remarks often remain in the mind of the recipient for a long time, possibly a lifetime.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Know who you are and be who you are insofar as it is deem fit, for there is nothing so contemptuous to be who you are!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|My hope is that tomorrow will be fine, but, if tomorrow doesn't go well, I shall still hope to be fine tomorrow!
C. JoyBell C.|In order to change the world, you must first change yourself. In order to have the right to see what is wrong with the world, you must first earn that right through seeing what is wrong with yourself. We do not become influencers, leaders and teachers, through pulling on our better attributes and applying those better attributes to a broken world like a healing balm; rather, we become influencers, leaders and teachers in this world, by performing within ourselves the purging that we wish to see take place in others.
C. JoyBell C.|Walking under Dusk, Moonlit leaf shadows were cast on my skin from the trees above, every step I took was taking a step deeper into magic. Silent whispers of mystical mouthes pulling me in deeper. Then the lights from inside the house turned on. A few seconds later, the fence lights went on. Just like that, the leafy ghosts on my skin ran away and the faery voices ran home. It seems like the creations of man kill magic in so many ways— even the light bulb does this! Oh to be a race of people designing magical things, if someone could capture pieces of Moonlight and place it in a jar; or other things like that, then we could stop killing the magic and be filled with it instead. Or maybe we are already always filled with it. It's the bringing out that we have trouble with. Stop being a doorknob, darling! Be magical, instead!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|In reality, the world is not an arena of comfort but comfort that works! Comfort that makes impact! Yes, comfort that changes lives and leaves a distinctive footprint! Truly, comfort that does not work is only discomfort at work in silence. So many people shall dwell in comfort without working with it only to meet discomfort one day and remember comfort!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Even at 80, I shall say that I am yet to start, for that shall give me the real reason never ever to look back and see what I have done but to look ahead and see the marvelous things I shall be able to do and the distinctive footprints I shall be able live and leave with the very seconds that shall be ahead of me! Life must never be over until all is over!
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|We are all meant to be a little broken, it's just about finding someone who will take the time to mend you. Someone who loves you enough to want to find the pieces that may have fallen from you and glue you back together. This is what love is, to restore someone when they have been broken and chipped, and all the while, feeling content whilst mending them...
Ray Anyasi, Broken Cloud: the first sunrise|My king, I do not know all things but I do know that we mortals cannot orchestrate for the gods what they have agreed to accomplish.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Because the sun helps you in the day, do not scoff at stars at night.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Seek to be the smartest in a room, not the loudest.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Always let your talent and tenacity do the talking. Never your tantrums or sense of self righteousness or entitlement. For it is your talent and tenacity that will carve out, shape and seal your possibilities and destiny.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|It is a new day for a new thought, new identity, new ideas, new steps and new breathe! We may choose to repeat the mistakes of yesterday or think of the lessons from the mistakes of yesterday. We may choose dwell on the fortunes or misfortunes of yesterday or think of what we can do with the fortunes or misfortunes of yesterday today! We may choose to continue or discontinue the steps we took yesterday today. Life is here today and we must think of what we can do today for today was the vision of yesterday and the true foundation of tomorrow!
C. JoyBell C.|I am asked what strength is. Strength is the ability to not do to others only the things that were done to you. It is said, that you should “do unto others as you would have them do unto you”, but strength takes that even further and says, “I can give more than what I received in life, I can be more than those who gave me little, I can do more for others than what was done for me.” Strength, though well aware of the pain that is aroused by drawing from a well that is not naturally replenished by others, continues to replenish that well so that it may draw from those beautiful innate waters, so that it may give to others even those things that were not given unto it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Do not live because of the fear of death. Live because of the fear of the death of the real reason why you live. Death is no respecter of persons. Death can come when we have not even given him our attention. Death doesn't mind that you are in tension and even when you in the mid of doing something at his arrival, you shall go with nothing. The most important thing to death is to take you at a sudden. Mind your time then! Mind your true purpose! And mind the real reasons why you wake up each day and retire when the sun sets! Life is once, live it well!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Think of something, Oh yes! Think of something. Your life must not be in retardation so think of something! Think of growth for that is the whole essence of life!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I have two great duties in each day: firstly, to identify why I woke up and secondly to be convinced of why I must retire!
Lidiya K., This Moment|One of the reasons for not being contented is our inability to accept things as they are, together with ourselves, other people, events and every little detail of our days.And we try to change the unchangeable and control the uncontrollable.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I have two great duties in each day: firstly, to identify why I woke up and secondly to be convinced of why I must retire for the day
nick catricala|Wisdom comes easy to me today. The Universal Intelligence and the Cosmic Power, Empower me with wisdom each day of my life. Thanks BE to God. _nickc
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Silence can answer the question words may fail to answer. If you want to know what silence can do, keep silence!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|to live and leave indelible footprints, think of the rocks
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is always something worse, limit thinking about worse things and concentrate on the best things.
Naya Rivera|Butterflies can't see their wings. They can't see how truly beautiful they are, but everyone else can. People are like that as well.
David Kudler, Risuko: A Kunoichi Tale|The blossoms fall just once each winter, yet in our memories, they fall every day.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if the storm of life gives you a big blow, don't worry, just give it a great smile and pursue to leave distinctive footprints with perseverance and tenacity regardless of how arduous the errand may be. It may not be so easy but, dare to win!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|though excessive pride may seek for freedom, it may only see freedom in chains
Matshona Dhliwayo|You have no power over your past,but you do over your present.You have no power over your history,but you do over your future.You have no power over your fortune,but you do over your actions.You have no power over your reputation,but you do over your character.You have no power over destiny,but you do over yourself.You have no power over anyone,but you do over your world.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everybody can do something. Anyone can do anything, but, it takes an understanding of real freedom to know do’s and don’ts and the essence of do’s and don’ts’. Nobility knows rules, nobility understands rules, and nobility recognizes the real reasons for staying within the border lines of rules that uphold dignity as a sacred responsibility. Nobility least do things anyhow, anywhere and anytime.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everybody can do something. Anyone can do anything, but, it takes an understanding of real freedom to know do’s and don’ts and the essence of do’s and don’ts’. Nobility knows rules, nobility understands rules, and nobility recognizes the real reasons of staying within the border lines of rules that uphold dignity as a sacred responsibility. Nobility least do things anyhow, anywhere and anytime.
Ka Chinery|To wisdom there is no end, only acceptance of its limitless range.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is always a good choice and there is always a better choice. There is always the best choice and there is always a choice to choose. If only you would think of the summary of your life tomorrow today, you would yearn to live and leave a distinctive footprint and you would never stand for anything at all
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Thought, if I may put it, is the man behind the possession, appearance, things we like, things we hate and the very epitome of life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A spider is slow, but its web catches the fastest flies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The eye, though small, sees remarkable things.The ear, though small, hears remarkable things.The hand, though small, carries remarkable things.The foot, though small, transports remarkable things.The tongue, though small, utters remarkable things.The mind, though small, perceives remarkable things.The heart, though small, contains remarkable things.The soul, though small, experiences remarkable things.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge makes you strong,understanding makes you formidable,wisdom makes you powerful,and love makes you invincible.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The intelligent are candles,the virtuous are torches,the wise are lamps,and the enlightened are stars.
Matshona Dhliwayo|What is in great demand, but scarce, is expensive, but even when wisdom is not in demand it is priceless.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Action is king, but wisdom is queen.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you debate the wise,no matter how poor,they will hearken to wisdom.If you debate the foolish,no matter how rich,they will mock wisdom.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Don't wait for wisdom to come and rescue you, seek it daily.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Arm yourself with wisdom,arm yourself with knowledge;folly is a fierce lion roaming the streets.
Matshona Dhliwayo|One secret to wisdom:think more, speak less.If you let your words be few,your troubles will not be many.
Geoffrey Karl Green|Wisdom is the closest to foolishness, a person can become so wise it leads him to become foolish.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You can see a person without using your eyes,hear a person without using your ears,carry a person without using your hands,speak to a person without using your mouth,and move a person without using your feet.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You have beautiful ears if you listen to the plight of others,beautiful hands if you carry the burdens of others,beautiful eyes if you look out for others,beautiful feet if you visit others,a beautiful tongue if you encourage others,a beautiful mind if you enlighten others,a beautiful heart if you comfort others,and a beautiful soul if you love others.
Matshona Dhliwayo|We talk too much about love,but spend little time practising it.We debate too much about love,but spend little time utilizing it.We sermonize too much about love,but spend little time performing it.We write too much about love,but spend little time exercising it.We read too much about love,but spend little time implementing it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Understanding is important for studying,knowledge is important for teaching,and wisdom is important for living.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is wise to read some books, and wise to throw away some.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Folly and evil are twins;the devil is their father,and wisdom is their enemy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Folly, like its consequences, is dreadful.Wisdom, like its rewards, is great.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge comes naturally with studying, and with God's touch, instantly. Wisdom comes naturally with age, and with God's touch, immediately.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You can't hide from wisdom, it's everywhere;you won't find it in everyone, it's too rare.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Seek God, but you will not find Him with your eyes;you will find Him with your heart. Listen to the wise, but you will not hear them with your ears;you will hear them with your heart.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be good to those who are good,and just to those who are not;this is true wisdom.Do good unto others,not expecting them to do good unto you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom is simple but profound.Folly, even when complex, is stupid.
Matshona Dhliwayo|One learns wisdom from sorrow, but pleasure is one of the fruits of wisdom.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To one full of love:a stranger is his brother,a stranger is his sister,a stranger is his mother,a stranger is his father.To one full of self:a stranger is a nuisance,a stranger is an intruder,a stranger is an adversary,a stranger is a stranger.
Matshona Dhliwayo|So much can be done,even when little is said.So little can be done,even when much is spoken.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Critics are important. They give us the reasons, knowingly or unknowingly, not to fall, slumber or deviate from our true purpose . If only you would see, understand and appreciate the real lessons your critics teach you with a calm heart, you would know and understand that your critics are nothing but great facilitators to help you get to your vision and true purpose diligently and distinctively.
Cocoy McCoy|You win some, you lose some, let Karma takes its course… - Cocoy McCoy -
Matshona Dhliwayo|Not all of us were meant to teach,but all of us were meant to learn.Not all of us were meant to lead,but all of us were meant to serve.Not all of us were meant to be rich,but all of us were meant to be charitable.Not all of us were meant to be famous,but all of us were meant to be upright.Not all of us were meant to be mighty,but all of us were meant to persevere.Not all of us were meant to be extraordinary,but all of us were meant to prevail.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Less fear, more courage.Less doubt, more faith.Less talking, more action.Less ignorance, more knowledge.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom is more faithful than a woman,and knowledge is more faithful than a friend.Folly is more oppressive than a tyrant,and evil more overwhelming than fury.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom is better than flattery, even if bitter in your ears.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Liars corrupt knowledge,and fools pervert wisdom,but the wise hallow both.Knowledge holds the truth.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is better to lose friends than to lose your reputation, and better to lose riches than to lose your integrity.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Where there is wisdom there is life,and where there is evil there is death.Folly is your enemy and so are fools;wisdom is your friend and so are the wise.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom is a teacher,God is its professor.The wise are His students,life is His rod,and eternal life is our reward.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To forsake wisdom is to seek folly,to seek folly is to seek evil,to seek evil is to be in the arms of the devil,and to be in the arms of the devil is be in the arms of death.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom is the greatest speaker in history;nature, second.Folly is the worst speaker in history;fools, second.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Light is formless, but pierces the eyes.Wisdom is formless, but pierces the mind.Faith is formless, but pierces the heart.Love is formless, but pierces the soul.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We must remember each day we wake up that, there is something best to think about always than the better things we think about always
Matshona Dhliwayo|Water wrestles great opponents,but has no hands,and tramples great rivals,but has no feet.It slips through our fingers,but can swallow entire towns.Wind also slips through our fingers,but can swallow entire cities.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Nurture a tree today, and it will provide you fruit tomorrow.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you light a fire, you cannot conceal the smoke.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fish rule the waters,but can be caught using worms.Birds rule the air,but can be caught using grain.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wind has no home in the world,and therefore wanders everywhere.Light has no home in the universe,and therefore returns to God.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In trees, monkeys rule;on land, lions rule;in the sky, eagles rule;in the waters, whales rule.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The blind cannot see light,but can feel its warmth.The deaf cannot hear sound,but are aware of its power.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Speak well of the sun, but know that it can harm you;when enraged, it is pitiless. Speak well of the ocean, but know that it can injure you; when angry, it is merciless. Speak well of the wind, but know that it can wound you; when provoked, it is ruthless.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As light nourishes plants, wisdom nourishes sages.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The deaf cannot hear wind,but can feel its touch.The blind cannot see the sun,but can feel its warmth.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Bait, no matter how big, is useless if fish don’t want it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A great chunk of our lives is wasted on thoughts that bring nothing. We all think about something but, in the end, we only close the day thinking a lot and doing nothing but little.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|pause, ponder,consult, think through it well, understand the consequence, know the benefit and take a second look at it again for it takes a little mistake to cause a big had I know with a deep regret
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is free, but priceless.Wisdom is precious, but costless.Faith is gentle, but fearless.Joy is scarce, but limitless.Truth is simple, but matchless.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Anger has great strength,but no brains.Greed has many hands,but no heart.Fear has many titles,but no honor.Hate has many forms,but no soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge is the seed,intelligence is the stem,understanding is the branch,and wisdom is the fruit.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge makes you strong,wisdom makes you powerful,and love makes you invincible.
Dennis Adonis|In a kingdom of thieves, the ways of an honest man will always be a crime.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your ears hear much,but your heart hears more.Your eyes see much,but your mind sees more.Your toungue says much,but your soul says more.Your feet travel much,but your imagination travels more.Your hands do much,but your mind does more.
Anamika Mishra|Letting go is hard, but always worth your efforts.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Sow wisdom today, and you will reap success tomorrow.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you chase a butterfly, it will escape;if you feed it, it will come.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom frees men, even if they are in prison.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|to understand the real reasons to uphold humility, know your real roots, remember death and study the masses
Matshona Dhliwayo|You may have a small body,but great strength.You may have an ordinary mind,but great wisdom.You may have a wounded heart,but great courage.You may have a weary soul,but great love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge will give you strength,but wisdom will give you power.Talent will give you respect,but genius will give you honor.Pleasure will give you happiness,but joy will give you contentment.Strength will give you fortitude,but love will give you dominion.Courage will give you victory,but faith will give you greatness.Virtue will give you the world,but God will give you universe.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You have two eyes,but the discerning have three.You have two ears,but the wise have four.You have two hands,but the enlightened have five.
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|If the idea of loving those whom you have been taught to recognize as your enemies is too overwhelming, consider more deeply the observation that we are all much more alike than we are unalike.
Germany Kent|Somewhere, somebody is looking for someone exactly like you.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|Real Martial Arts is Mathematics, Physics, Poetry; Meditation in Action
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|when you see the problem as a more of you and less of people, you will find a distinctive solution to the recurring hurdles. Attitudinal and mindset change can cause a great change
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Shorinjiryu Ryujin Kenpo|Karate is many things, but mainly it's about synergy, ebb and flow, trial and error, action and reaction, rhythm of life, progress . . .
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love, no matter how small, begets kindness.Joy, no matter how small, begets cheerfulness.Wisdom, no matter how small, begets intelligence.Faith, no matter how small, begets persistence.Genius, no matter how small, begets excellence.
Brandi L. Bates|Whatever it is you want in this life, be it material things, a place you want to be, or an experience you want to have, you must first make it real in the realm of your consciousness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love costs us much,but we still need it.Wisdom costs us much,but we still seek it.Faith costs us much,but we still practice it.Life costs us much,but we still desire it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Seek wisdom, and success will find you.
C. JoyBell C.|Life is too short to hold grudges, plan vengeance, and be angry for too long. And people say things like that all the time, but words like that only take on their meaning when you experience someone close to you passing away. There are truly not enough minutes, hours, days, months, years, to spend any amount of time on being and doing anything other than going into the direction of your happiness. Acceptance is better than correction and joy is better than revenge. Innocent laughter is better than anger.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|As soon as anger knocks at one’s door, wisdom prepares to leave.
Munia Khan|A lie has many colours, while white is the only faithful colour of truth.
Ken Poirot|People spend their entire lives searching the world for the pieces that will make them whole, yet those pieces are only found within them.
yssubramanyam|one idiot can shut 1000 wise men mouths, where as 1000 wise will fail to open the eyes of an idiot.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|they that fail to recognize, take and and learn the lessons of discomfort well, meet the comforts of life and still live in discomfort
C. JoyBell C.|We can learn so much about the living, according to how they treat their dead. And we can see the true colours of people coming out, when we observe how they act and react, to the circumstances that come about after the death of a loved one. Lastly, we learn about the things most important in our lives, when we experience the loss called death. It is extraordinary how death can give back so much to life and to the living.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Bait, no matter how big, is useless if fish do not desire it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Have gracious thoughts of your neighbors,kind thoughts of your friends,loving thoughts of your family,and humble thoughts of yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Gray hairs signify old age, not wisdom.Muscles signify strength, not health.Laughter signifies amusement, not joy.Weeping signifies pain, not weakness.Smiling signifies courteousness, not love.
C. JoyBell C.|People who are unable to stand within the dark places of life, those who are always running towards their happy places, are the same things as candles without flames. There is no worth in a candle without a flame, and we only add the flame when there is darkness. Without darkness, there would be no need for warriors and angels. Warriors are not made because the whole world is happy and angels were not formed because there are no demons. Be of worth, have a flame.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Out of frustrations, out of desperation, out of disappointments, out of mediocrity. out of idleness,out of limited insight, out of difficulties, out of insatiability, out of poverty, out of pain and the vicissitudes of life , so many people shall come to a conclusion that nothing is worth living for; not even what is solemn and sacred but, some shall always turn the woes of life into great land marks and indelible footprints worth emulating
C. JoyBell C.|When family gathers around for a dying loved one, I have realised, that it probably does more good for the living, than for the dying. Sometimes, death can bring the living together, and death can cause the living to find solace in one another. In this way, death is a part of life, and those who die can in fact give gifts to the living, gifts that they were not able to give while they were still alive and well.
C. JoyBell C.|Childishness and childlikeness are two very different things. To know a childlike person, is to know a very mature person; to know a childish person, is to know a very immature person. To know childlikeness is to know original wisdom; to know childishness is to know original error. And there are many children more mature than adults, many adults less mature than children.
Germany Kent|The bigger the victory, the bigger the battle. Still, be the light and a change agent for healing, restoration and transformation.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wind has no feet,but travels great distances,and has no hands,but carries great objects.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|True freedom is in not having a master, but in making the master your slave
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|If you think you can't, you're wrong and right
Sheila Tiller-Tooks|Your chronological age makes you older, grownNess is a state of mind!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Think much, say little, do much.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you invite a snake into your home,do not be surprised if it bites you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When the tables are turned,whoever was full becomes hungry.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Water has no hands,but carries great ships.Air has no shoulders,but carries large planes.The Sun has no eyes,but finds its way around the universe.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|We are looking for value, guidance, advice, inspiration; for someone to show us the way. When we find him, he is our hero
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Faith is the flame that eliminates fear, and faith is the emperor of dreams.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The earth is an arena of champions. We are all champions. We all did overcome millions of potential human beings’ before making it unto the earth. Our spectators watching our race of life are the Seen and the Unseen. Thought, attitude and choice are what bring the differences in the arena of mother earth. The real champions in this life are they that will run the race of life facing the storms, overcoming the hurdles, unraveling the puzzles of life, questioning the status quo in wit, over ruling environmental mediocrity and daring for great and indelible change out of comfort or discomfort.
Indrajit Garai, The Seeker of Well-Being|Emergencies send sparks to the darkest corner of us. They wake up our hormones and neurotransmitters, they remove the rust from our body and mind, and they show us we can still handle crisis with poise. Emergencies push us to our limits. At those limits, the best inside us comes out. The eyes of our mind open, exceptional vision occurs to us, and we have a chance to become extraordinary.
Indrajit Garai, The Seeker of Well-Being|External conflicts we can avoid, resolve, or manage. But, when it comes to internal conflicts, there is only one viable option: resolve. Whatever internal conflict, major or minor, we don't resolve will grate within us nonstop. Fortunately, we can resolve all our internal conflicts with one simple strategy: Act the way it feels right, no matter how inconvenient the consequences are.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|If there is no reward, there is no reason to run
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Some people have the license to sin: Soldiers, to kill; politicians, writers, priests, businessmen, married man and women, to lie; and married couples to have sex
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|You can have some, but not all. Wanting to have it all is a sure recipe for disaster
Matshona Dhliwayo|Without roots a tree, no matter how tall, cannot stand.
A.E.H. Veenman|At the door is at the door. Beware, there are wolves.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Turn your frowns into smiles, your tears into laughter, your weaknesses into strengths, your setbacks into opportunities, and your failures into victories.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|It's not what we can do that makes us great, but what we can do but don't which make us great
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Even if you are not evil, pretend to be. It will put off some abuse
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Life is a sweet sour adventure. When you want to go it becomes sweet, when you remain, it becomes sour
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Forget about the great astounding victory. Focus on winning small victories every day, the final victory will come by itself
Munia Khan|If you allow coldness to engulf you before winter, season is helpless to help you.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|life is full of fantasies. Life is full of realities. Fantasies bring fantasies and realities bring realities. You have a choice. Yes, an inevasible choice. To live in the world of fantasies or to live in the world of realities; your choice!
John Green, Paper Towns|You listen to people so that you can imagine them, and you hear all the terrible and wonderful things people do to themselves and to one another,but in the end the listenin EXPOSES you even more that in exposes the people you're trying to listen to.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Two hands cut down a few trees, but one matchstick clears a forest.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The world of reality exists. The world of fantasy exists. The great boundary between the world of reality and the world of fantasy is the boundary of pleasure and fallacy. So many people enter into the world of realities through the the gate of betrayal and pain of the world of fantasies. If you live in the world of fantasies, ponder!If you live in the world of realities, learn and use your lessons.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Nurture a tree today, and it will provide you shade tomorrow.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sea, no matter how endless, depends on rivers.
Nikki Rowe|I don't belong in this world, I am merely a traveller passing through, I repudiate to silence my thought, because they fear my light.
Angel M.B. Chadwick|Humanity is a very interesting phenomenon. If you peel back the layers, if you're brave enough, you realize it's something that's not for the faint of heart-" Angel M.B. Chadwick
C. JoyBell C.|Little is the imagination of the person who believes that the future of another may be determined by his/her past. We are so much more than our minds and our memories! We are in fact transcendent souls. If you determine what is ahead by what you can see when you look back, then you will in fact never behold what actually stands in front of you.
Robert   McKay, Wonderland|Life just happens, Alice. What makes us special is how we react to it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|we are bound to make mistakes. We are bound to meet mistakes. We have regretted certain decisions we took yesterday today and we may regret some decisions of today tomorrow but not until we regret the regrets, we shall always have the regrets
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fish are small, but do not drown in the sea. Ships are big, but sink in the ocean.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|Words can make or break, use your words carefully
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Comfort blindfolds; difficulty brings realization.Pain reveals; disappointments plant trigger of actions.Fear controls; ignorance deceives.Anger torments; silence keeps.Misunderstanding divides; love joins.Laughter starts; deception suspects.Frowning cautions; sorrow remembers.Purposefulness moves; idleness wastes.When you live in comfort, ponder.When you live in pain, take lessons.When life goes up, plant your feet and appreciate the height.When life goes down, envision the height and dare to get there with tenacity. Life is how you take and manage things. Be a manager of things or things shall be your manager
Deep Trivedi, The Pulse of Wisdom|In today's time, no other ''charity'' is acceptable or practical than the ''wisdom'' that can transform the human life... Meaning the knowledge which can teach a man to climb the ladder of success.
Theresa Lewis|Writing is Amazing!When I write I am empowered by my thoughts, entertained by my imagination, and enlightened by my wisdom.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When the wind blows, the weak are carried away by it, the strong resist it, and the wise manipulate it.
C. JoyBell C.|How do you know if something is real? That’s easy. Does it change you? Does it form you? Does it give you wings? Does it give you roots? Does it make you look back at a month ago and say, “I am a whole different person right now”? If yes, then it’s real. The evidence of truth and reality, lies in how much something can touch you, can change you, even if it’s from very far away. Distance is only the evidence of what can be surpassed.
John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton|Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Great men are almost always bad men.
C. JoyBell C.|Every girl and every woman, has the potential to make this world a better place, and that potential lies in the act of thinking higher thoughts and feeling deeper things. When women and girls, everywhere, begin to see themselves as more than inanimate objects; but as beautiful beings capable of deep feelings and high thoughts, this has the capacity to create change all around. The kind of change that is for the better. Remember: High in the head and deep in the heart. Antlers on your mind and anchors in your heart.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I have a dream, I have a vision, I have a mission, I have to do something, I will do this at this time; the thoughts of everybody; how do I deal with that obstacle? how do I get there? ; troubling questions for everybody! Releasing ourselves, plugging into the purpose, challenging the challenges, questioning the unquestionable, taking the chances; the asset and audacity of somebody. Everybody has a dream but, it is somebody who gets to the dream.
Angel M.B. Chadwick|I don't always believe in God, but, I believe something is amiss.
C. JoyBell C.|If nobody in the world were to think that I am a good person; I wouldn't care! I am aware of the fact that goodness does not materialise due to popular opinion! Goodness in fact is a state of the heart, and the heart is something that is only seen by those who have good enough eyes to see it. I am in fact more interested in being good; than in maintaining the appearance of goodness.
C. JoyBell C.|Misunderstandings are a normal part of life, and the outcomes of these depend upon how we choose to react to them.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Free your mind. Disentangle your mindset from what can set your mind from your true purpose. Dare when you have to. Enjoy when it is a must. Relax when there is the need to, but, don’t spend the time. Don’t let wealth be a hindrance to fulfilling your true you. Don’t let poverty captivate your true you. Don’t let the environment engulf your true purpose; if possible flee to be free to dare. We all have excuses. Yourself is the most important factor in fulfilling your true you. Free your mind!!!
Ivan Alexander Pozo-Illas, A Soul Odyssey Within|Absolute love, heals absolutely.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To catch any fish, give it what it eats.
Munia Khan|When something means nothing to you, you can do everything you want; but someday, somehow you may have to pay for it.
Lanre Folami|FOOD FOR THOUGHT: Intelligent people speaks based on facts. Intelligent people speaks based on knowledge. Intelligent people don't make a fool of themselves by assuming. Intelligent people seeks Truth. Intelligent people always seek hard facts when they are not sure. INTELLIGENT people don't ridicule other people based on assumption. Intelligent people don't generalise, the world is fill with over 7 billion people which is controlled by only 20% intellectual minded people (Pareto's Law of 80/20) Only Shallow people speaks based on their narrow minds even when the TRUTH and facts are there for them to see, cos their small and narrow mind can't connect to their brain since there is no link. Proverbs 4 vs 7 says Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all your getting get understanding. Happy Sunday Folks
Munia Khan|Our miseries are inseparable, so is our every single blessing.
C. JoyBell C.|One cannot truthfully profess a belief in a God, without having the ability to express the same sentiments towards other people around him/her. If you are going to say that you believe in a God that you cannot see, then you ought to believe in people that you can’t see, either! So much more faith and trust is required, to believe in an essence that you will never see with your own two eyes in this lifetime, than to believe in what you actually know can exist— other people. One must not be a hypocrite. During the times that I didn’t believe in people— I didn’t believe in God, either! During the times that I didn’t trust anyone— I didn’t trust God, either. The stuff of the soul, when it is genuine, will be reflected onto the way we think about, and interact with, other people! Don’t tell me you know a God who loves— if you don’t know how to love other people. Don’t tell me you have faith in a God, when you can’t have faith in another person. God is not there to show us that people can't be trusted. God is there to show us Himself, in everyone and in everything.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If there is no room in the river,swim to the ocean.
C. JoyBell C.|Many of the people in this world that you will see and that you will meet, are the versions of themselves that have come about as a result of the things that have happened to them in life. When people laugh at you, you develop a layer of skin for that and when you lose people, you develop a different layer of skin for that and when you are hurt during the times you are vulnerable, there is another special layer of skin for that; so on and so forth. We become covered in layers of different kinds of skin that we never asked to have and that we would never want to have! But there we are, underneath all of that; we walk around and we don't see ourselves, we don't see each other, we can hardly remember anything about who we are! It takes someone to look through all of that skin, to remember yourself on behalf of you. A person can give you the set of eyes that were used to view the real you, in some distant past, in some different lifetime! Then when you see them looking at you like that, you remember who you are and that's when the layers of unwanted skin begin to peel and through that peeling you become a newborn.
C. JoyBell C.|Many people think that love represents chains, bondage, the opposite of freedom. But people who believe such things are simple-minded creatures who have been lied to, and who easily accept the general trend of the lie. It is in fact love that is the only thing powerful enough to set one free from even the most deeply-embedded and thoroughly-wound chains of the soul, the mind, and the body. The fact is that we are born into chains and born into bondages; these things are put upon us by fear, pain and doubt. When you are thoroughly loved by someone in mind and in heart, this has the power to set you so free, more free than you have ever been before. And that is because freedom is not the equivalent of detachment. Freedom is the equivalent of that which sets you free. And when someone loves you the way that only they can, that is what sets you free.
Angel M.B. Chadwick|Sometimes I wonder why I exist with all my vast knowledge, while others exist longer with their clichés.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|notable people do notable things for they take notice of the unnoticed.They think beyond our thinking. They look beyond what we all look. They try, fail, and try again.They dare unrelentingly. They don't die with their purpose. They die on their purpose. Though they die, their purpose ever lives.
Munia Khan|You cannot buy trust,you have to earn it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Stairs are your teacher; they teach you to be stronger. Love your teacher and every time life puts some stairs before you, accept them as a present!
Stefan Emunds|Follow both: the call of the mountain of enlightenment and the temptation of the valley of experience. No mountain without valley, no valley without mountain.
Raneem Kayyali|It matters not what my brain knows, but what my heart feels.
Steven Chopade|Before knowledge comes understanding, before understanding comes wisdom.
C. JoyBell C.|How can a falling dove turn again into a flying dove once again? It really takes the eyes of someone who sees you for the beauty that you really are. And if there are no other eyes there to see you in that way, then you had better be those pair of eyes, for yourself, to see yourself with!
Kathy McClary|Either way, it will cost you. You will for pay for your education or pay for your ignorance.
C. JoyBell C.|Humans naturally reflect their nature upon the nature of their God. So to know a person, just ask what the person thinks about their God. It’s either that, or an individual aims to reflect the nature of their God onto themselves; in either case, just ask about the God and you will know the person, or at least, what the person thinks of himself.
Sunday Adelaja|When you get wisdom, failure and discouragement will get behind you.
C. JoyBell C.|Empathy isn’t about you, understanding another person isn’t about you, feeling how another person feels isn’t about you... step outside of your own skin for a change. Respect another person because they are who they are; not because the other person is just like you. Your inability to understand, your inability to empathize, is not a fault on the part of the other person. It is in fact your own disability that you are choosing to live with.
Irfaan Santoe|Try to get the important things right at all the time, even at the cost of being right.
Munia Khan|If you are a finger, your honesty is the hand to make your existence worth living.
C. JoyBell C.|You see, it’s about empathy. It’s not about you. It’s about empathy. It’s not even about caring or being kind. It’s about empathy. Do you think that all people who can empathize with other people (and rocks and trees), are desirous of being kind, at all times? Of course not! Empathy often hurts, and is often difficult. But we experience this difficulty, because we are human beings, because human beings are designed to connect with other living and non-living things!
Dana Gore|As we try to change society to fit our standards and bring about the sense of peace we long for, it is only when we turn inwards, clean our own backyards and serve as a source of inspiration that society will improve on its own.
C. JoyBell C.|I believe that we are not determined either to heaven or to hell, through our actions here on Earth. On the contrary, I believe that we come either from heaven or from hell, prior to this life, and we carry our prior origins inside of us, at all times. People just go back to where they originally came from. And they live in this life as a result of where they once were. Of course, we have the capacities to develop and to build and to create more, while we are here, and perhaps even to change the course of our destinies, but I believe that the soul matter of individuals, are varied and are not of all the same origins.
C. JoyBell C.|Perhaps a human simply falls back into himself upon the disintegration of his physical body, and continues to take form within the self of himself, simply returning from whence he came.
Sunday Adelaja|If a person has wisdom, then he will also have the anointing. But sometimes a person with theanointing may not have much wisdom.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to reach his destiny and have dominion over the earth, man has to get wisdom.
Sunday Adelaja|The more the Word of God abides in a person, the more strength and wisdom he will have.
C. JoyBell C.|A gentle and a sweet, innocent soul can come from any place, any background. It is the nature of the soul and it cannot really change on the inside. A soul like this may come to believe the tauntings of the circumstances in life, and of the people who created those circumstances, with only memories of the true reflection of who it (the soul) really is. The downfall begins when a beautiful soul starts to believe that it is not beautiful.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Today is tomorrow’s stepping stone, but for the wise it is a ladder.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness: The Power of Meditation|The simple act of being completely attentive & present to another person is an act of love, and it fosters unshakeable well-being.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be happy but when sad times come, know that God allow these time for self-realisation.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that a lot of the time, people are generous towards those whom they pity; but only find fault in those whom they see as better than themselves. There is a fake kind of goodness; and that is the goodness that is only good towards other people that make the givers feel better about themselves. Would you be good to someone you think is so much better than you are? Or who has so much more than you have? Or is your goodness only reserved for those who make you feel like a god because you give to them? Too often, there are shining, beautiful people, who suffer so much in this world, because there would be so many others willing to snuff out their flames! Goodness of a person is not measured by sympathy or compassion; rather, goodness is measured by empathy. Empathy goes beyond all the physical things you see with your two eyes. It’s easy to be good to those you pity; much harder to be good to those whom you envy!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everyone has something to think about everyday, but it is not everyone who thinks about something everyday. And that is the difference
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|How many people actually read the Bible and follow it? The truth is right there. How many people know what a marriage or family is all about? Everything starts with an idea, but getting people to act is different. You can't do something well if you don't know what it is or tried it for awhile.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the moment of decision, may you hear the voice of the Creator saying, ‘This is right road, travel on it.
C. JoyBell C.|You can't put your heart into everything; you've just got to show up. And if your heart is worn all over you, then so be it, but you can't pull it out of you and put it in places, or put it in people's hands. Because you are like this wild and quiet and laughing thing and people are like things that stand there and don't understand what's going on; so when you put your heart into things like that, you're going to feel either stupid, or very hurt, or both. And it's not people's faults that they are just standing there. I mean, you're the different one; they're not different; they're all the same.
C. JoyBell C.|It is the simple things that are in the ocean. People think that simple things are on the seashore, like seashells. But seashells are just illusions of the things that once used to live inside of them, that are back in the sea! They are dead things, and dead things are not simple things. Living things are simple things, things like love. People think that love isn't simple, but that's because they are on the seashore; but when you are a mermaid, when you have gills, when you need to be in the ocean; love is simple. It's about being beside someone and staying there. And then sharing your souls. What's natural to a mermaid, isn't natural to a person. But I want everyone to be a mermaid. And if they can't, at least they can know what a mermaid is like. We live with the things that are alive.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Overcome darkness, so that you may walk in the light.
C. JoyBell C.|It is a very strange thing to see so many images in the world around us... we don't realise it, but we are all impressionable beings, able to pick up off of the images that bombard us on a daily basis. We are created and moulded by images and impressions. One of the most difficult tasks in life, is to keep a steady impression of something in your sight, and to believe in it until it becomes you. Because there is just so much temptation/opportunity, to become something else.
C. JoyBell C.|All people want to belong to some sort of hierarchy. Allow me to explain. The rich want to be the richest; the poor want to be the smartest; those who are both rich and smart want to be the better persons; the better persons want to go to heaven; those who are in heaven will look down upon those who are in hell... there is always some kind of hierarchy desired by everyone; even by those who claim the opposite of this. So how do you find true divinity? Divinity is found in those who reach down low; because it is those who are above who must reach down low, while it is those who are below who must constantly reach for what is above! And this is divinity. What is divine, is what will have a curiosity in what is below. There is no fear of becoming "tainted"; because what is lesser can never really taint what is greater. it is what is greater than is able to transform what is lesser. The alchemist must first find the mud, pick it up, before she is able to transform it into diamond.
C. JoyBell C.|No one can successfully tell me that material things cannot bring happiness. For as the spirit is medicine to the bones; so is the happiness of the bones a medicine to the spirit. Without a soul, the body is dust; but without a body, the soul cannot fulfil destiny. Neither one is more important than the other; both are equally important. One will last longer than the other, yes, but while we are on this Earth, both are equally important. Surely money itself cannot make one happy; but it is what one does with money that makes one happy! If you do not know what to do with it, then it will not bring you happiness! But if you know what to do with it; there is no reason why it cannot bring you happiness. People think I am a very spiritual person; yes, this is true; but I have not achieved it through denial of the flesh. I have a new vision. I take pleasure in the pleasures of this world and I seek fulfilment in the answers of the spirit. I find happiness in the material and the physical things of this nature and I find joy in the connections I have with what is divine. Do I imagine myself on top of a mountain, detached from all the things I want to buy and to own? Never. My spirituality is not one of negative righteousness; my spirituality is one of the rose. It is whole and it is above as it is below.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Knowledge is life. The more informed you are, the better you are in making the best decision.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A joyful soul, a grateful spirit full of love and light!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Great places, great memories.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Path of life, path of light!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love thy soul, manifest thy light
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Any training is initially difficult, but with persistence practice, we can master the art.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you travel, be fully present in the place of voyage.
Okei Kingsley|You can be critical and not judgmental. The two are synonyms, but not the same. The critical man analyzes people, things, and issues, very carefully. The judgmental man presents the results of his careful analysis in a manner that condemns.
Kingsley C. Okei|You can be critical and not judgmental. The two are synonyms, but no the same. The critical man analyzes people, things, and issues, very carefully. The judgmental man presents the results of his careful analysis in a manner that condemns.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greater your wisdom, the shorter the distance to success.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We must be conscious of this; one day, the life we have, will be gone.
C. JoyBell C.|Perhaps we are all shells; but some of us have found the pearls inside, and this makes all the difference!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you have few days to live your life, what will be your passion for last days?
C. JoyBell C.|The love of your life, is not the person who traps you into themselves; but the love of your life, is the person who sets you free from so many of the traps that you are already in! The love of your life, is not the person who blinds you to everyone else; but the love of your life, is the person who removes the many blindfolds that have accumulated on you, in your life. The lover for you, is the one who sets you free into themselves. You are freed from bondages, and inside of that freedom, stands that person! THAT is the lover for you!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|O Lord my God, revive my soul!
Dana Gore|So often we focus on finding answers to life's mysteries...when in reality, a wiser approach is to start asking better questions, and more of them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Those who find courage to pursue their dreams, manifest gladness of their souls.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Grace of God, power of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Share your skills, inspire a change.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|As I witness the dead of beloved ones, it makes be become more conscious that life indeed has an end.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Healthy home, healthy life.
C. JoyBell C.|I am often asked how it is that I am able to value people to such a deep degree. Apparently, I exhibit an ability to value others, that goes beyond ordinary. Well, the answer to that is simple. And it's not a religious answer, either. You see, it goes like this, when I look into a person's eyes, I am deeply aware of the fact that I am not only looking into the eyes of this person right here in front of me; but that I am looking into the eyes of a child, a baby, a grandparent... I am looking into the eyes of someone who has dreams at night, someone who plans for a future, someone who cries and laughs... it's not just the person standing in front of me, that I see; but I see all the persons that the individual has ever been and ever will be. I even see who they are in their dreams at night. You see, a person is much more than just a person! A person is a collection of vast and wide stories, each one good enough to read! So when I see people, I see all of these things! How can I not value a person when I see them in this way?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Life is a game. We must keep playing the game. The more we play, the more we will understand the game of life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Love endures every circumstance; Love never loses hope, never loses faith and never gives up.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The benefits often outweigh the suffering. Never concentrate on the pain, focus on the reward.
C. JoyBell C.|The theory of positivity teaches us to, "always look on the bright side" and to, "point out the bright side to others". However, any highly empathic individual will know, that this mindset alienates us from other people. What connects us with other people is the ability to identify with what they are feeling and thinking, regardless of whether or not we've actually been in their place before. If you want to point someone out to the light, first you need to get into their dark cave with them, light a candle, and say, "Hey, I'm here with you and look, remember what the light feels like?" That's the kind of positivity that actually bears real change in people, in the world.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If have the gift of prophesy, all wisdom and knowledge and have no love, I have failed to manifest my true soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greater a man’s folly, the greater his enslavement. The wiser a man is, the greater his freedom.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You will know those who love you, when you are in need.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The shrewd may gain temporarily, but the wise gain permanently.
C. JoyBell C.|At the end of the day, there are very few people around you who truly want to see you peaceful, happy and content. Most of your friends only want to see you happy, peaceful and content, in ratio to their own happiness, peace and contentment. It's like, "Yeah, I want all your dreams to come true and I want to see you smile, but only for as much as I smile and only in proportion to how many of my own dreams come true." That's what people today call, "friendship" and "care". It's not really friendship and it's not really care. Then there's like one or two people who would celebrate your own happiness and success even if it's out of proportion to their own. And that's a real blessing right there, that's a real friendship.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|when words make noise, silence can talk.
C. JoyBell C.|I think the reason why people's relationships fail, really, is due to the fact that people are always putting their best feet forward all the time and not letting others actually "meet" them. The "meeting" part tends to happen later on and it shocks and disappoints people who have already bought into the best that was put forward. Why not meet people first as who you really are, then help one another, build up one another, encourage and sculpt each other... grow and become, together! Why can't people do that? Your best foot needs to be kept right beside you, right beside the other one.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Adventure begins with a thought, decision and action.
C. JoyBell C.|I have learned that we may change the very nature of our thoughts, by changing the tone of voice we are thinking in! No one has ever paid attention to what tone of voice they are speaking in, during the time that their words are going on in their heads! People only pay attention to their tones of voice when their words are on their tongues! But it is the tone of voice we think in, that is responsible for creating the energy we emit. You may be screaming on the inside and even though you are calm on the outside, you are going to create the energy of your thoughts. If you want real change in your life, in your mind— really, just change the tone of voice that you think in!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Children of the light, walk in the light.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Read, re-read! Every word you read is a food for thy soul!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|No one can foretell the details in a day, we can only hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Renew energy, revive strength.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In times of solitude, I have find rest for my soul and uphold the glory of inner peace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Holy solitude, Holy peace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The highest knowledge, knowledge of the Holy Scriptures
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Teamwork, amazing outcome.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Time is your valuable treasure, use time for your own accomplishment.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Funny how in a material world full of pundits and economists obsessed with assets and liabilities -personally, economically and globally - few speak about the greatest of all these…YOU.
Sabrina Newby|Don't be afraid. Change is such a beautiful thing", said the Butterfly.
C. JoyBell C.|We must never laugh at the struggle of another, even when it is something that we find to be easy and that we have not struggled with. Because we all have our own individual battles that we all need to work as hard at. Another’s struggle might be easy for you; but stop to think about yours. Is your battle easy? Or was it? No, it wasn’t, it isn’t. Well the other person’s isn’t easy, either. And I think this alone means we all need to give one another a beautiful kind of respect.
Suzette R. Hinton|I dare say that if you aren’t showing up as you, you aren’t showing up at all. You are sending a phony, a counterfeit. It isn’t you. You might even reach a goal and have happiness, but the day will come that you’ll need more.
James Joyce, Finnegans Wake|Sleep, where in the waste is the wisdom?
Suzette R. Hinton|If we fast forward through the journey, like Adam Sandler in the movie, Click, we’ll look up one day and see that we missed our lives.
Suzette R. Hinton|By its definition, sound is interactive. It is you connecting with the frequency of something greater or richer through hearing. Likewise, when your sound goes out, you can no longer hear the sound of your voice. And if you cannot hear your voice, you don’t know who you are.
Suzette R. Hinton|Certainly, it’s wise to ask for counsel in whatever you endeavor to do. There is safety in that. But when the asking comes from a place of dependence, it is unhealthy.
Suzette R. Hinton|If there's going to be pain anyway, I'd rather it be the pain of growth rather than the pain of staying stuck.
Suzette R. Hinton|If the sound of your voice is not so loud it cannot be ignored, you aren’t quite there yet. You’ll continue to try this for a little while and then switch to that. You’ll chase everything that boasts of success but never truly find fulfillment in it.
C. JoyBell C.|Why do we laugh at insecurity in other people? Why do you get a kick out of someone feeling insecure? Do you not have your own insecurities to battle with? Do you not have your own battles to fight? So where is the honor in finding amusement in the insecurity of another? If someone stepped in just in time to soothe your own struggling mind, wouldn’t that have made a world of a difference? Then why wouldn’t you do just that, for another? Don’t laugh at the insecurities of another person; because that could very well be you. Soothe the minds of others, because that’s exactly what you know you are in such need of.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When people give you disappointment, don't worry; they are only showing you this- appointment. Just look and see.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Life is uncertain, we can only hope.
C. JoyBell C.|I believe that women ought to be more proactive about making choices in life. I think that I am not happy about seeing women take the passenger's seat and playing the victim game all too often. If you know a guy is engaged, don't kiss him! There is another woman in the situation whom you are hurting and that other woman could have very well been you, your sister, your mother! If someone is committed, don't sleep with him! There is another woman in the picture that is going to get hurt and that other woman is your sister, just because she is a woman too! This is the kind of proactive I want to see in women, everywhere. We're not victims of the choices that we make; we made those choices! Is another woman doing good? More successful? Happier? Good for her. Because she is your sister and she could very well be you. Let's respect the relationships, the personal paths, the doors and the walkways of our fellow women and let us wish one another the utmost happiness. Because this is the only way up and out.
C. JoyBell C.|My mother used to tell me, every time we were watching Cinderella, that Cinderella had the best attitude and that I should strive to be just like her. Later when I grew up, I resented my mother for teaching me that way, as I saw it as the reason why I often felt preyed on by people who were much more like the ugly stepsisters. But now, all of a sudden, I’ve realized that what my mom meant was that no matter how ugly people can be to you, no matter how rough they treat you, no matter how much their actions tempt you to become your worst— you should overcome them by never letting them steal your gentleness. People only win when they are able to take away your gentleness, your sweetness. But if you remember that you’re a princess, and they’re just not, at the end of the day you win! Still, my mom should have pointed me in the direction of Belle from Beauty and the Beast. Cinderella is fine, but had she taught me that Belle was the best way to be, I would have probably never grown to resent that. Belle always retained her gentleness but she could still beat up a pack of wolves at the same time and that’s the kind of princess I wanted to be like! Not to mention she loved books!
C. JoyBell C.|See everything, but judge nothing. Just choose your own path and let others choose their own. See everything, but judge no one. Just focus on your own path and let others focus on their own. See everything, but judge not what you see. You have your own inner worlds to conquer, your own inner gardens to water and to hone. You have your own inner gold to mine. See all, judge not, know thyself.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that one of the worst things you can do to a person, is cast them in a negative light and paint them in negative hues, by using the malicious thoughts that are in your mind. We all have some kind of tape recorder in the back of our minds, a film strip, and there are lots of negative thoughts embedded onto that filstrip, and our minds act like projectors; projecting all of those images onto the new canvas that stands in front of us! It is a dark and harmful art that one engages in, when one paints the new canvas in old colours! We have to let it go, we just have to let it go. A person isn't all the other things that have happened to you; a person is a beautiful canvas with a painting that's already there and you need to sit still and see clearly and look at that painting. Then you need to be very careful what colours you dip your paintbrush into before making any new marks on what stands in front of you. Don't make the mistake of harming others and yourself, by painting them in colours that are not their own.
C. JoyBell C.|In order for your wit to be appreciated, the people around you need to be witty, too. In order for your lightness of being to be appreciated, those around you must be vibrating towards the same weightlessness. In order for your beauty to be appreciated, those around you must have eyes that see beauty. For your authenticity to be appreciated, those who see it must also be authentic. For your humility to be appreciated, those you are dealing with must first know humility in their hearts. You see, you have spent too much time trying to be appreciated by those who are not good enough to appreciate you. That's the truth. Those who are better than they, will see you for the beauty that you are.
Sweety Shinde, Arjun: Without a Doubt|Ask yourself if I'm capable of contradictions, Draupadi.Some missions succeed only by their spectacular failure. - Krishn
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|How can we succeed, if we never tried?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You possess a great soul, awaken the spirit.
Michelle M. Pillow|I find it funny when people try to brag about being younger than me...like having lived less is an accomplishment. Makes me want to pat them on the head, lol. I'm comfortable with who I am.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|until we courageously find a cheaper antidote to our ignorance, we shall courageously pay a higher price for our ignorance always
C. JoyBell C.|Trust in your story, it's powerful enough. Oftentimes, it is not the lack of power that is our struggle; but it is our unawareness of the power that we do have, which is our biggest hurdle to surmount.
C. JoyBell C.|You can carry around with you a basket full of magical apples; but when people do not recognize magic, they will ask you to go and pick earthly apples and then they will laugh at you when you are unable to pick the apples of the earth; but what they don't know is that you were given hands that are made to pick the magical apples from the ancient trees and what an opportunity they have missed in not asking you for the magic ones! But this is the downfall of mankind, in that they cannot recognize magic even when it is right under their noses! Blessed are the few who can, and who ask for it. Ask me for magic, because that is what I am capable of giving.
C. JoyBell C.|The strangest things about people, are the different ways that people feel loved. Really, it is very strange how one word can mean so many different things to so many different people. And then there are the unique ways how we feel forgotten and left behind... it's different for everyone, and if only we could believe one another's truths and see each other's stories when we look into one another's eyes... because that would make all the difference.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We are strengthening by different experiences in life;Sad times, happy moments.Poverty, riches.Failure, success.Troubles, good times.Losing, winning.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|ignorance and power, they´re a poor combination.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|At the end of life, nobody knows where the spirit goes.
Scott Hastie|Life, wherever it leads,Will always be the same,It begs for the best of you.
Scott Hastie|Birth our night into dayAnd bathe it clean,So that beloved things can glowTogether in a litter of light.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have a responsibility to keep your homes, surroundings and city clean.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Accept God's love, unconditional love.
Lyssa Danehy deHart|Every Moment Offers Us ChoicesChoose wiselyBecause the Choices You Make, Make You
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Lover of books, lover of knowledge.
Scott Hastie|We too can repair our cracks with goldAnd glow again.Crazed by life,More beautiful than ever before.
Scott Hastie|Everyday can be extraordinaryAnd ripe,Like a flower burst,If the will is there.
Scott Hastie|Ultimately not one amongst usWill ever be denied that,The glimmer of a chance to shine.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Dear God,Let the anointing and the power of the Holy Spirit be mighty upon me, so I can who you want me to be.
Scott Hastie|When in love or inspired,An eternal kiss from the divineAwaits us all.
Lailah Gifty Akita, On Eagles Wings:Rise|Heavenly Father, pour your spirit upon me, I desire to do your will in Jesus Name. Amen!!
Mehmet Murat ildan|By disappearing in the Land of Nature, you appear in the Land of Wisdom!
Munia Khan|It’s not really outstanding when you’re standing outOutcry is the only outburst,if you can’t shout
Scott Hastie|Once spun,The silken thread of all our aspirationsRemains intact,It can never be broken.
Scott Hastie|Nothing that truly mattersCan ever evaporate,Be excised,Burnt out of your soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Children of the light, live in the light.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|All great people had critics, but they still believe in beauty of their dreams.
Pat Patrick, Taellywood Treasure Hunt|I don't want all the silver and gold of the world, Dillon said. What I'm seeking is to know. I want to understand God and I want to know His wisdom.
Scott Hastie|In this life at least,Our fate is rarely epic.Maybe just as well,Impervious heroes we are not…
C. JoyBell C.|The reason why the world is a difficult place to live in, is due to the fact that people are not interested in people. Nobody is truly interested in anybody; they are only interested in the parts that they think will be pleasurable and comfortable for them to get to know. People don't want to know what you're afraid of, what kind of dreams you have at night, what your eyes look like when you laugh and when you hurt... people want to receive perfect gifts and other people are supposed to be those perfect gifts! But then none of us are those perfect gifts. All of us are real on the inside but then people want what's not real... so how is the world supposed to work, that way? I want to know what's real in people, and in me. And it's hard to be this way, because nobody else is.
C. JoyBell C.|No man was born in chains; it is their fellow man who has put them in chains, and at any given time, every single man and woman has the absolute right to break free from those chains of any nature and of any form! It is not God who has put you in any sort of bondage! It is your fellow man who puts you in bondage in the name of God!
C. JoyBell C.|There are people who want to change the world, make it a better place... but what they don’t know, is that to make a difference in the life of one person and to make a single person’s life a better thing to live, is just as valuable as changing the whole world. And most of the time, that’s the only thing that we should be doing. You can gain the whole world but lose your own soul in the process, and in that case, the whole world just isn’t worth it.
Scott Hastie|A permanent pathThat, once illuminated,Goes ever onward – a way home…
C. JoyBell C.|I advise everyone to choose a religion based upon the beauty that the religion has brought to the world. There is much to be said about every religion, there is much evil in history written about every religion, and at the end of the day, you're only going to find out which one works after you're dead and if you're lucky, that won't happen soon! Simply put, you believe in the things that you believe in right now, because you were indoctrinated with fear from a very young age, forward. You fear straying a path that you were told you should walk on. So what path should you really walk on? Walk on the path that has created, is creating, and will be creating— beauty. The only real sign of anything worthwhile, is beauty. The true religion is the belief in what is beautiful. So if something creates a beauty in your heart and in the world— walk that path.
C. JoyBell C.|People live their lives now in fear of the afterlife, and in the process, they forget that they are still alive! And for as long as you are alive, my friend, you have the chance to break free from any bondages whatsoever, that your fellow man has put you in. Your passion should not come from any one religion; your passion should come and should be fueled by, the fact that you are human and that you have been given this life to leave your stamp of beauty and of progress upon mankind!
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|In life, you don't lose;you learn.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When God gives you a dream, He provide heavenly resources to fulfill the dream.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be strong and courageous, along unfamiliar paths, God will guide you.
Scott Hastie|How stubborn life is,It clings like silver in our souls.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God's power, gracious life.
Scott Hastie|The sea, the sea…Man alone,Passive, unawareIn his elemental sadness.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you are on a great mission, look simple;think and act complexly
Human Angels|We are all One and others are simply reflections of ourselves. When the mirror is cleared, the reflection becomes clean too.
C. JoyBell C.|It is of immense importance, that first and foremost, people identify themselves as human beings, rather than as a believer in a spiritual belief system. Any spiritual belief system. There is such a preoccupation with where a person will be after he/she dies, that people keep on forgetting we are all here right now— on this planet! Okay, so you are on your way to Heaven, of course, whilst many others who do not believe as you do are on their way to hell, of course— but those are not yet facts! The fact that we do have, though, is the fact that we are all here right now, on this Earth, living this life, breathing this air, and it's about time we identify ourselves with the reality in front of us: that we are human beings and we all cry, laugh, love and hurt.
Richard Mc Sweeney, A Green Desert Father|Wisdom's Way to Wonder?Yes, Your Majesty? Wiseoneder, What say you of days and nights?Days and nights, Your Majesty, appear to the bright to be filled with light; Light being dark way out of sight.
C. JoyBell C.|Today I began to criticise myself and look at myself with a judgmental eye... but then instead of going all out in that direction, I stopped and I began to understand me. And then I began to be patient with me. And then I began to feel a softness in the middle of my chest. So then I concluded that I can understand and be patient with me, just like how I am always understanding and being patient with everyone else. Why? Because I deserve that, and more.
C. JoyBell C.|What does it mean to be the master of your own soul, the captain of your own mind? It means that you keep the final say on what you think, feel and do. No one fearful thought can overtake you, no one doubtful feeling can overthrow you from your path, no one memory of pain can turn you away from what is meant for you now; because when the waves of doubt come and the winds of fear blow and the rains of pain fall and feel like they're stinging you again— you say no. You say no. You say that you will be the master of your vessel and you will tell your mind to stay the course, you will tell your heart to stay fixed, you will tell your skin that it knows the touch of silken balms. You are the captain of your own ship.
Nikki Rowe|she enetered the room and the entire crowd stopped, who was she? even in a million moons; you will never understand her, for she is to mysterious to presume and too wise to share her light to everyone. I wanted to love her, but i could tell, i wasnt the only one.
C. JoyBell C.|The process of enlightenment and evolution can never happen without the realisation of shortcomings. People, when they think they are the best and can’t get any better, are easily offended when others see room for improvement. But it is when you think you are already the best that you have put a ceiling right on top of your head, a ceiling made of concrete, that stops you from becoming any better! Be happy when you see an area for improvement! Be happy that someone pointed it out to you, be happy that there is still space above you for you to reach towards; and not just an impenetrable ceiling of satisfaction and ideology.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Christian living is a spiritual welfare. As the year draws to an end, seek the face of the Lord for guidance in the coming year.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|If you watch great things, you empower your thought greatly. They that do great things do not only look but they see.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be of good cheer, your visions will be fulfilled in their own time.
Rick Julian|if you can't control yourself, you will be controlled by others—choose your master.
Auliq Ice|He who has wisdom, out of his mouth comes knowledge.
Euginia Herlihy|It is good to know that every single title/rank you hold is earned in a high cost of hard work, not some random self given title/rank.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes volume 2|When penciling in your future, always use a pen
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|wisdom is great, but sometimes, those who think they are wiser than others can become the otherwise
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Bible, profound wisdom .
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Bible, divine wisdom.
C. JoyBell C.|When people begin to define the things that they believe in, based upon the exclusion of all the things that they hate, all that does is eat away at the soul. Define the things that you believe in based upon the pursuit of the the things that you love and then that love should be able to override all those things that you hate.
C. JoyBell C.|There are types of people who want to have leverage over other people's lives. For no other reason than they feel the need to have leverage. I find this to be a certain type of sickness of the mind. You could argue that they wish you no harm, however, the desire to simply have leverage over another— whether this is mental, emotional or physical— is, I think, a sickness of the mind. I can honestly say right now that I, 100%, have no manipulative intentions to gain leverage over any other person that I know.
C. JoyBell C.|As a woman, I see myself as a garden, and I see myself as the gardener of myself, I see myself forming and pruning and watering and nourishing all the flowers and trees and vines and leaves in me. There is a world within yourself, that has so much to offer! If only you would walk into it each day! We were not meant to save the world; we were meant to save ourselves! And in saving ourselves, we have saved worlds innumerable.
C. JoyBell C.|I read things that male relationship experts write about women and I read things that female relationship experts write about men, then I feel a true sadness in my heart. Why can’t there be a simple, pure, direct openness? Why can’t there be a simple, real, open trust? The truth is that male or female, gay or straight— we are all people— we have all been broken and put back together in so many different ways... it’s really just about learning how to recognize the sound of the other one's cracks. And that’s what it’s really about, just that.
C. JoyBell C.|They say that people are innately afraid of those who need them, they say that people are afraid of "clingy-ness", afraid of attachment, afraid of being needed by another. But I beg to disagree. I believe that people, when looking at someone who is needy of them, see themselves and see their own fears and they go away because they can't handle those fears; it's their own neediness that they're afraid of! They're afraid to want and to need, because they're afraid of loss and of losing, so when they see these things in another, that's when they run away. Nobody is actually running away from other people; everybody is really running away from themselves!
Pasha Cook|Wisdom is not always discovered in a book, true wisdom is discovered in the knowing that you know nothing.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that the most beautiful of people are like exquisite serpents— glorious sheen, glorious patterns and elaborate grace— but you do wrong to cast envy upon them, lest you want to also taste of the venom they carry in their mouthes! Beauty is so often born from adversity of circumstance, like the lotus born of the mud, reaching up through the water and into the light! I often wake up from dreams of being underwater, I suppose I am a lotus flower that has made her way! But you do wrong to envy the lotus blossom, for you know not of her journey! Not all of us are serpents and lotus flowers, not all of us are beautiful like that; too many people just sit there, ignorantly casting envy on what they do not even comprehend!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Why do men create suffering for others and fight over material wealth? Naked we come into the world, naked will go out of the world.
Diriye Osman|I want you to know that life will try to crack you like an egg and your silence will eventually break. Someday you will spill some of those painful secrets and taste a modicum of much-needed freedom. You will lose a great deal as a result but the gains will outweigh every loss. You will love and be loved by a beautiful man in a place where your mutual passion won’t be a marker of shame but pride. You will be awkward and alone and alien for a long time but you will transform these qualities, which is to say yourself, into a work of art. You will wear your awkwardness, your aloneness and your alienness in your hair like gold thread. You will adorn your wonkiness on your wrist like a charm bracelet studded with stars.
J.M. Sandler, Caspian Diary|The line between the allure of liberty and the menace of of anarchy is often blurred." From: Caspian Diary
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Sacred life;to sing,to praise, to worship, to pray, to study the Bible,to be grateful,to read,to write and to be kind to others.
Nicole Bonomi|So do not throw your pearls before swine, Instead in the sand go and draw your line.For this love you have is rare dear girl, A guide and blessing in the name of Estelle. I sat and woke to see it all clear, A stage I was seeking, no longer to fear. For I've spent too long wasting precious time, Never again will I throw pearls before swine.
Stan The Man SA|A wise man does not eat his seed even in the time of hunger, he knows the value of his seed!
Colette Parrino|He who thinks they know it all, is bound to take the greatest fall.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Those who dare seek, shall find what they are seeking for.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive thoughts,Positive attitude,Positive action.
C. JoyBell C.|Don’t box your children in and tell them that everything is a sin. You’ll produce either rebels, or very boring people.
C. JoyBell C.|I have never tried to be a good person, or to appear to be a good person. What I do and what I have done is merely a side effect of my desire to become me. I have only wanted to be me; if people think I'm good, then so be it. If people think I'm bad, then so be it. But if anything, my greatest struggle is to not come across as so good. I always find myself asking, "Why do I keep on giving off this immense impression of goodness?" Can I ask the world, am I not simply allowed to be me; without needing to be classified as either good or bad? Being known as good has its own prison just as much as being bad has its jail bars. I am so tired of the need to classify people. I am me.
C. JoyBell C.|It has been said that life only gives us what we can handle. But this is not the case. Life often kills us, that's the truth. But that's how phoenixes are born.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|Life is a chain of interrelated puzzles.Pain and Sorrow are some necessities to greater heights and people may be the architects of our woes. We may develop some hatred for such people through whom the woes of life came our way but when we get to the point where we fully understand why sorrow and pain came our way, we ought to be grateful to those through whom the woes that propelled us to our greatness came.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|when you do more than you learn, you leave a distinctive notable footprint on earth
C. JoyBell C.|Empathy is the new measurement of everything. It doesn't matter what religion you have, what God you profess to believe in; it doesn't matter how rich you are or how poor you are, what church you go to or what church you don't go to; the only measure of character is empathy. Do you have empathy? You are a person of valuable character. Do you not have empathy for your fellow man? None of your rules and opinions, dogma and preferences, are going to save your soul. So I say it's empathy. Empathy is the new universal measurement of a man.
Amit Kalantri|For peace read books, for success read books and take actions.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|If you don't find a good teacher, find a good book.
C. JoyBell C.|Good and bad are illusions. What exists is either the presence of empathy or the lack of it. I think this should become the new, clear definition of how we see people. No more "good" and no more "bad". Those terms are highly subjective.
Amit Kalantri|If you value your words, people will not ask you to make any promises.
C. JoyBell C.|Some people are farsighted and some people are nearsighted. In the mind and in the heart. A farsighted person forgets your magic the closer that you get to them; the nearsighted person sees your magic more and more, the closer and closer that you become to them. You've got to find the nearsighted people. That's just a rule in life. And you've got to be one, too.
C. JoyBell C.|Don’t be adamant; don’t make up your mind about all the things that don’t even have anything at all to do with you. Don’t be too quick to define right and wrong. Life has a way of putting the adamant person into the very situations they’ve made up their minds about, in order to change those very decisions. So, unless you want the things that you judge in others to happen to you, you’d better live and let live.
Dann Moudry|It is easy to fall, but hard to rise.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|If you’re given a dirty look, wash it and give it back.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|when you do more than you learn, you leave a distinctive notable footprints on earth
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|In life, when one gets to the point of a deeper sense of understanding about himself and his purpose, he least explains himself much to people who fail to understand him and his purpose. That must not be interpreted as neither pride nor an uncaring attitude but a great respect for purposefulness
C. JoyBell C.|In every relationship, the deeper the connection goes and the longer the time that passes between the two together— the more and more levels will be dug up which equates to more and more boulders being discovered, more and more buried cities unearthed... people know that a good and real relationship is one that "gets better and better" but then they don't understand what that means. "Getting better and better" doesn't mean "feeling better and better", it doesn't mean there is nothing but honey and dewdrops. "Better and better" means "more and more accomplished together" it means "stronger together" it means herculean victories and lilliputian victories and falling and rising. If, for every time you fall together, you rise together twice, that is a good, real relationship.
C. JoyBell C.|Don’t fall in love with the idea of someone being in love with you; fall in love with a person. Don’t fall in love with the idea of being in love with someone else; fall in love with a person. Don’t fall in love with a concept, an idea, a theory... don’t fall in love with a list on a paper. Fall in love with a person. Always, always, it must be the person.
C. JoyBell C.|Insecurity produces either of these two types of individuals: The first type masters those monsters, learns how to command them to and fro and seeks to reduce them in others. The second type is mastered by the monsters, spends the rest of their lives trying to prove themselves bigger than them and seeks to find them in others.
C. JoyBell C.|Every year, we have 365 chances to begin a new lifetime.
C. JoyBell C.|Forgiveness is a very curious thing, in that you must not only know how to forgive; but you must also know how to accept forgiveness. Both of these aspects are equally important. When someone forgives you— believe it.
Ademiju Ige| If you are ignorant about who You are, your Enemies are not
C. JoyBell C.|Determining when not to overestimate and when not to underestimate is a crucial skill that is not easily acquired. But it's unspeakably important to be able to know when not to underestimate, for example, another person's affections towards you; but then also when not to overestimate the same thing. If only we could all have radar that could tune into these two measures of living, we'd name it something like "humameter" or "give-a-shit-o-meter." Either way, unnamed or named, I've learned that this is among the most important skills accomplishable by mankind. Insecurities should not be allowed to dictate how we determine the amount of value another person has placed on us; fears should not be let in to tell us how much or how little of worth we have in someone else's eyes.
Euginia Herlihy|The time of neutrality is over,this is the time of intervention where we can learn to grab the bull by the horns.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|However, in many instances we might be very wise to ask what the consequence of removing the consequence might actually be.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|One thing that creates difference between pilgrims of life as they journey along the various paths of life is the head. It makes some fall, others rest and some pursue to the farther.The reason for the difference is not the size, shape, hair color or the style of the head but what is within the head, what fills the mind, what enters the ears; what the eyes look and see, what the ears hear and listen to; make some champions of life and others wanders of life.
Munia Khan|I want to be a transitory fallen, lifted up by virtues every time.
Ian Ségal, Castling the Crowns|Listen not to the words that have been spoken, but bend your ears to what has not been said.
Meera Uberoi, Leadership Secrets From The Mahabharata|Readiness for action is the root of all kingly duties. Listen to the verse sung by Vrihaspati: By exertion the amrita was obtained, by exertion the asuras were slain and by exertion Indra obtained sovereignity in heaven and on earth. The heroes of exertion are superior to the heroes of speech. The heroes of speech gratify the heroes of exertion.
C. JoyBell C.|You'll come to learn that many times, the people you have problems with are not really the people you have problems with; but in actuality, the problems lie in the premises of everybody else in between you, in their suggestive glances, in their implications and tone of voice, in their provocations and less-than-noble intent. Again, it comes down to shutting out the noise that isn't supposed to be there and listening to your inner silence.
R.H. Peat|Perfection"Every oak will lose a leaf to the wind.Every star-thistle has a thorn.Every flower has a blemish.Every wave washes back upon itself.Every ocean embraces a storm.Every raindrop falls with precision.Every slithering snail leaves its silver trail.Every butterfly flies until its wings are torn.Every tree-frog is obligated to sing.Every sound has an echo in the canyon.Every pine drops its needles to the forest floor.Creation's whispered breath at dusk comeswith a frost and leaves within dawn's faint mist,for all of existence remains perfect, adorned,with a dead sparrow on the ground.(Poem titled : 'Perfection' by R.H.Peat)
Lynda I Fisher|The young man pities his elders, fearing the day he, too, will join their ranks. The elderly man pities the younger generation, well-knowing the trials and tribulations that lie ahead of them.
C. JoyBell C.|What a shame it would be, if upon death, one who lived his life following his religion, were to find out that there is no Heaven and no Hell and that all souls just go out and back to the places where they came from, finally free from the monsters that hung onto their backs while they were in this world! And what a shame it would be, if upon death, one who lived life with no thought of her own soul, were to find out that some souls go to some place wonderful and some souls go to some place horrible! But what a shame it would be, for anyone, to live a life here on this Earth full of fear, void of freedom and happiness, meaningless and empty, due to either the probability of Heaven and Hell or the absence thereof! So what is really true, is that you and I have bones in our bodies and have flesh under our skin and we ought to live this life right here in such a way that creates Heaven on Earth and puts Hell far away.
C. JoyBell C.|We live in a world where people are so busy trying to find someone that's "good enough" for them, that they have failed to stop and ask themselves if they are in fact good enough for other people! This is the result of a feeling of false entitlement that has been instilled in the minds of people today. "Everyone" deserves "the best" from the "Universe" however, nobody is teaching anybody to stop and try to become the best for their own selves and for other people. When everybody thinks they are the best, everybody falls short of the best that they can actually be.
C. JoyBell C.|The secret to success: Don’t stop to admire yourself too often. I only stopped to admire my work after I wrote eight books, before that, I never once admired myself for accomplishing anything in my profession. Don't stop to admire yourself too much, instead, admire people who have achieved more than you have, because that gives you something to keep on looking forward to. But when the time comes that you should take a look at the greatness you have done, make sure you take a really long and hard good look at it! Make sure you know your own greatness.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|There is non who is unfriendly, even the person we may regard as unfriendly has a friend. Our mind is the only limitation and barrier to people
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|do not only describe your situation, that event, that person, place or that thing. By describing, we limit our thoughts in pondering. We ought to prescribe. The sick describes his illness to the doctor and the doctor prescribes an antidote. We all do have stories to tell in life, we all do face challenges each day, and likewise we experience joyous moments; that is life. To espouse an unpopular cause, prescribe a great antidotes to every life occurrence from daybreak to sunset. Remember prefer prescribe to describe!
Alejandra Díaz Mattoni, The Wet Woman|Experience tells me habits are stronger than love, fear, and necessity. 
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|if you are to begin at the beginning of the end, do not wait till the end before you begin. Time and timing is an essential accoutrement in the journey of life.
M. Chandler, The Morning Star|Gut instinct," Jeremy wheezed. "Your gut's been shot," Mike pointed out, but he looked uncertain.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|the source of a river is narrow. If you could jump over it in a twinkle of an eye at the source, be sure to ponder before you jump over it at its mid or its estuary.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There exist no purposeful life without the ''sanballat's and the ''Tobiah's''The oppositions in life. they will give you all the necessary reasons why you will fail. Kites do rise by oppositions.Oppositions in life are therefore a necessity for growth. Your oppositions in life will position or disposition you depending on how you position your oppositions.courage, wisdom and God will see you to the top. Beware of tongues of mediocrity as it can be a detriment to your mind and purpose.We were born to be fruitful and multiply.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|The, per second great thought investment will yield the best hourly harvest of great life.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|If you do not meet inspiring obstacles and failure, cry; you do not have the great path to explore, grow and mature to be great
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|Life is a changing sequence of situations.If you do not change something, something will change you.
Rashmi Bansal, Stay Hungry Stay Foolish|Logic and reason are the naphthalene balls we use to pack them away into a sandook called 'Someday'. But when that day comes we are too old, too poor, too tired or too lazy.
Mike Basevic, No Limits, Mastering the Mental Edge|Expect it, believe it, trust yourself and the process, and allow it to come to you.
C. JoyBell C.|We are all surrounded with so much static energy, that it is actually crucial to develop the ability to remove that and to flow through the streams in life that we make— the ones that are not stagnant, the ones that are real, the energy that is flowing and that is real and that is actual. You can get so caught up with what your friends think about your photo on Facebook that you don't realize your loss of ability to actually feel what in fact was going on in that photo. Too often, we stop to smell the flowers in order to show someone that we have stopped to smell the flowers; without actually smelling anything with our noses! This is scary. We live in a scary world.
C. JoyBell C.|There is such a thirst to be known, isn't there? What is it about being known that would cause us to hunger so much after it, at any cost? I'm afraid too many of us have forgotten that far more noble is the journey that one embarks on to know oneself; than the trip one goes on in the search for fame. Isn't it better to know and to know and to know yourself and if your heart is found to be noble, isn't it better that you know this on your own and truly; rather than for you to chase after the thoughts that others might have of you? To be a true royal in heart is better than to be a false royal with a throne.
C. JoyBell C.|There is a single truth, it filters through different stories and languages because people come from different cultures and speak different languages. And this truth has manifested itself through millennia, in multiple ways. Different people belong to different manifestations of truth. Some people take those manifestations and turn them into religions, or into gathering places or into a system. Others take those manifestations and allow that light to illuminate the paths on their inward journeys. All in all, the only reason why there is strife or hatred in any way, is because of the strife and hatred and intolerance inside of people. Truth does not call for any division or any hatred or intolerance of any kind. In order to love one thing, this does not mean we need to put down another one.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|One thing that creates difference between pilgrims of life as they journey along the various paths of life is their head. It makes some fall, others rest and some pursue to the farther.The reason for the difference is not the size, shape, hair color or the style of their head but what is within their head, what fills their mind, what enters their ears; what their eyes look and see, what their ears hear and listen to; make some champions of life and others wanders of life.
Milan LaBrey|Life is like a test. If you get love right, you get everything else right. If you get love wrong, you fail the test.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|when distress comes your way, pause and ponder
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|Where ignorance prevails, there an opportunity exists.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|when distress comes your ways, pause and ponder
Euginia Herlihy|Fear is the greatest enemy of humanity, it paralyses tons and tons of people around the globe.
Abdul'Rauf Hashmi|I handle wisdom only after I just looked down, listened to and understood.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|I knew that if I allowed fear to overtake me, my journey was doomed. Fear, to a great extent, is born of a story we tell ourselves, and so I chose to tell myself a different story from the one women are told. I decided I was safe. I was strong. I was brave. Nothing could vanquish me. Insisting on this story was a form of mind control, but for the most part, it worked. Every time I heard a sound of unknown origin or felt something horrible cohering in my imagination, I pushed it away. I simply did not let myself become afraid. Fear begets fear. Power begets Power. I willed myself to beget power. And it wasn't long before I actually wasn't afraid.
