Seth Godin, Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us|Leaders lead when they take positions, when they connect with their tribes, and when they help the tribe connect to itself.
Abraham Lincoln|Abraham Lincoln was asked by an aide about the church service he had attended. Lincoln responded that the minister was inspired, interesting, well-prepared, eloquent and the topic relevant. The aide said, “Then it was a good service?”Lincoln responded, “No.” The aide protested,“But, Mr. President, you said that the minister was inspired, interesting, well-prepared, eloquent, and that the topic was relevant.”“Yes,” replied Lincoln, “but he didn’t challenge us to do any great thing.
Dee Hock, One from Many: VISA and the Rise of Chaordic Organization|The essence of community, its heart and soul, is the non-monetary exchange of value; things we do and share because we care for others, and for the good of the place.
Laura Kreitzer, Abyss|To have reservations is to show true leadership. To have certainty without question, to lead people to battle with no qualms, or to prosecute without hesitation are qualities of a tyrant.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|Any man who has ever led an army, an expedition, or a group of Boy Scouts has sadism in his bones.
John Paul Warren|Men of God are not just born, they are formed
Larry Niven|One mark of a good officer, he remembered, was the ability to make quick decisions. If they happen to be right, so much the better
Charles Bracelen Flood, Lee The Last Years|His special gift was the ability to see the essence of a worthwhile suggestion and to relate it to what was already in existence or planned. Then he would encourage and shape the new project, repeatedly redesigning the curriculum so that a new department or course could have a comfortable place in which to grow and offer it benefits.
Hyman G. Rickover|I believe it is the duty of each of us to act as if the fate of the world depended on him. Admittedly, one man by himself cannot do the job. However, one man can make a difference. We must live for the future of the human race, and not for our own comfort or success.
Howard Schultz, Pour Your Heart Into It: How Starbucks Built a Company One Cup at a Time|One of the fundamental aspects of leadership, I realized more and more, is the ability to instill confidence in others when you yourself are feeling insecure
Jack Weatherford, Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World|A leader should demonstrate his thoughts and opinions through his actions, not through his words.
John C. Bogle, Enough: True Measures of Money, Business, and Life|As I have earlier noted, the most important things in life and in business can’t be measured. The trite bromide 'If you can measure it, you can manage it' has been a hindrance in the building a great real-world organization, just as it has been a hindrance in evaluating the real-world economy. It is character, not numbers, that make the world go ‘round. How can we possibly measure the qualities of human existence that give our lives and careers meaning? How about grace, kindness, and integrity? What value do we put on passion, devotion, and trust? How much do cheerfulness, the lilt of a human voice, and a touch of pride add to our lives? Tell me, please, if you can, how to value friendship, cooperation, dedication, and spirit. Categorically, the firm that ignores the intangible qualities that the human beings who are our colleagues bring to their careers will never build a great workforce or a great organization.
Howard Schultz, Pour Your Heart Into It: How Starbucks Built a Company One Cup at a Time|To be an enduring, great company, you have to build a mechanism for preventing or solving problems that will long outlast any one individual leader.
Robert Lynn Asprin, Another Fine Myth|To function efficiently, any group of people or employees must have faith in their leader."- Capt. Bligh(ret.)
David E. Wilkins, The Hank Adams Reader: An Exemplary Native Activist and the Unleashing of Indigenous Sovereignty|A critical element in nearly all effective social movements is leadership. For it is through smart, persistent, and authoritative leaders that a movement generates the appropriate concepts and language that captures the frustration, anger, or fear of the group's members and places responsibility where it is warranted.
Paul Johnson, Modern Times|His (Lenin's)humanitarianism was a very abstract passion. It embraced humanity in general but he seems to have had little love for, or even interest in, humanity in particular. He saw the people with whom he dealt, his comrades, not as individuals but as receptacles for his ideas. On that basis, and no other, they were judged. He judged man not by their moral qualities but by their views, or rather the degree to which they accepted his.
Noël Coward|All that technical expertise isn't worth a damn if you don't get the best out of people, though. . . . These were leaders who saw strength in ordinary people and showed them how to break tyranny.
Maurice Flanagan|Some are born leaders, some achieve leadership, and some have leadership thrust upon them. Which of these are you, or would you rather not bother?
Bob Woodward, Obama's Wars|Finally, the president added, 'The American people are idealists, but they also want their leaders to be realistic...
James Gould Cozzens, The Just and the Unjust|Bailey might not have great intelligence or abilities, but his whole aim, thought and study was that of the born leader--to look out for himself; and he did it with that born-leader's confidence and intensity that draws along the ordinary uncertain man, who soon confuses his own interest and his own safety with that of the leader.
Edward J. Renehan Jr., The Lion's Pride: Theodore Roosevelt and His Family in Peace and War|It was not only that he was a great man, but, oh, there was such fun in being led by him.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Your mission statement, vision statement, core values, and service standards provide a clear focus for all while keeping your team humble and hungry. It creates that family environment in which your employees enjoy coming to work and dealing with the challenges they face each day.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|If your culture is how you do business internally, your brand is what people believe about you externally.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|You can’t be “it” for everyone. In fact, if you try to please everyone, you will please no one, especially yourself.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|You’ve got to get your team to not only understand your company brand, but also to understand their personal brand.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Even if you delegate that responsibility, ultimately you are the one responsible for howyour brand is portrayed.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Train your new employee properly. Sounds so obvious, and yet it often doesn’t happen.
Toni Sorenson|A leader is someone who figures out the way, then gets out of the way so others can lead.
Dele Ayo Bankole|It is better to be a Number Two in a working system, than be a Number One yet lack capacity to make the system work.
Richie Norton|How to uplift others. It’s not a pie, it’s a cake. It’s not a ladder, it’s a bridge.
Charbel Tadros|The magnificence of light can only be seen when it strikes an obstacle. Likewise, the magnificence of a leader is in how he deals with problems.
Charbel Tadros|If the only way for you to get people to do your bidding is through force or intimidation, you are neither a leader nor a boss: you are an a**hole.
Farshad Asl|Yes, You Can!You Can Turn Your... ...Adversity into Your Advantage...Mess into Your Message...Test into Your Testimony...Pain into Your Possibilities ...Setback into a Major Comeback...Gift into Greatness ...Passion into Profit...Success into Significance ...Limitation into Creativity Most importantly, you can and will turn your dreams into reality!
Farshad Asl|If there isn't a struggle, there's no stretch, and therefore no growth. Easy doesn’t change you and comfort won’t challenge you. Coasting isn't a strategy.
Frank Herbert, Chapterhouse: Dune|But oh, the perils of leadership in a species so anxious to be told what to do. How little they knew of what they created by their demands. Leaders made mistakes. And those mistakes, amplified by the numbers who followed without questioning, moved inevitably toward great disasters.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Customer service has everything to do with consistency, systems, training, and the habits you and your team create.
Tracey Bond|Ideal humane leadership begins with a real demonstration of love, continues relating with acceptance of fellow humankind and consciously follows that through with every opportunity.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|When you create a company culture, you are drawing your lines in the sand for you, first & then for anyone else who does business with you.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|You want how you do business to be consistent among all team members, including partners, management, employees, and even vendors.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|To gain your share of the market, you must show how your company is different and how your culture produces a unique experience for your customers, leaving no room for competition. And that, Bombshell, is your brand.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|When you have a strong company culture it will shine through your brand and you can authentically say, “This is what our brand is about.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Creating a company culture is the first operational step in becoming a bold, brave fempreneur. It creates certainty, a road map and stability.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Your mission statement outlines why your company exists. It doesn’t have to be all fancy-pants, just a clear statement of what you do.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|While a mission statement speaks to why a company exists, a vision statement communicates what you want to accomplishin the future.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Values are the measuring stick for howyou make decisions in business: goal setting, employee conduct, recognition, discipline—everything.
Adam Burch, Song of Edmon|The ability to kill someone doesn't make you a leader, and it doesn't make someone great. There's nothing great about dying or taking a life.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Empowerment includes growth mindset, positive thinking, acceptance of new challenge, learning and positive self-image.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|As you get connection with the higher source, your creativity increases
Bluenscottish|When you can, show them, when they can't teach them and when you do remember the only deed worth doing is the one that helps another up.
Alyssa Mastromonaco, Who Thought This Was a Good Idea?: And Other Questions You Should Have Answers to When You Work in the White House|Part of knowing how to be prepared comes from being self-aware—being able to anticipate what you’ll need (or screw up) and planning accordingly. I know I am rarely, if ever, the smartest person in the room. And that’s totally OK. What’s not OK is (1) not recognizing that and (2) not coming ready to participate in a meaningful way.
Abhijit Naskar|Letter to the tech giants:When fame and abundance kiss somebody’s feet before that person is wise enough, he or she is very likely to lose track of what’s necessity and what’s luxury. And modern society is filled with examples of such intelligent stupidity – stupidity that is carried out by apparently smart humans. Because being smart is not the same as being wise. The world has enough smartness, but not enough wisdom to bring that smartness into proper productive practice – and I mean productive practice not sophisticated practice – there is a difference. A person smart enough to visualize a Falcon rocket engine can easily pinpoint the locations of various organizations that spread terrorism, yet the person chooses to explore the space further instead of prioritizing the technological advantages to first fix real issues of the human society that inflict harm to the humans every walk of the way.The world is a miserable place not because we have lack of resources, but because those who have an abundance of resources do not have the slightest idea of true human need. The resources needed for colonizing Mars if put to proper practice can fix the world’s global warming issues – it can fix the world’s climate change issues – it can fix the world’s terrorism issues, yet people are more interested in the pompous idea of living in Mars for whatever reason, instead of paying attention to improving human condition on earth. I am not against technological advancement, for I am a scientist, but my soul aches when I see smart people are dumb enough to chase after illusory glory of doing something different and innovative instead of focusing the powers of their soul on cleaning up the misery business on earth. You can, yet you don’t. Why?Smartness without wisdom is stupidity. You are smart – yes indeed – but I am sorry – you are stupid at the same time. How can you dream of having a cheese burger on Mars when your own kind on Earth is suffering! How can you think of taking rich kids into the orbit just so they can admire the beauty of earth from the heavens, when that very earth is infested with the primordial evils of human character! Awaken the human within you my friend, and pay attention. Awaken the human within and let it consume all the miseries from the world that you live in. Say a member of your family falls ill, would you ignore his or her misery completely just because you want to make life more comfortable for others than it already is, or would you first try everything in your capacity in order to heal your loved one!Be wise my friend, for it is not enough to be smart. You are smart – there is no doubt about that – so utilize that smartness for humanity and heal your own kind. Heal your kind with your capacity my friend. It is wailing for healers – not some delusional faith healers, but real tangible healers. Would you not do anything! Would you not give your soul to fix the broken soul of this world! Arise my friend, Awake my friend and work for humanity, not to make it sophisticated, but to make it peaceful first. Remember, humanity first, then everything else. Peace first, sophistication later. Harmony first, luxury later.
Abhijit Naskar|Peace first, sophistication later. Harmony first, luxury later.
Abhijit Naskar|Arise my friend, Awake my friend and work for humanity, not to make it sophisticated, but to make it peaceful first.
Alyssa Mastromonaco, Who Thought This Was a Good Idea?: And Other Questions You Should Have Answers to When You Work in the White House|I have learned a lot about myself over the years, mostly because I was open to hearing feedback. I wear my emotions on my sleeve. I usually dislike someone before I like them. I’m sensitive—especially when I’m tired or feel I’m being misunderstood. This may sound like the “About Me” section on a bad online dating profile, but knowing this stuff has allowed me to keep my contacts, my reputation, and my sanity throughout a long and often stressful career. Being self-aware means knowing when you’re about to act bad—and then not acting bad.
Alyssa Mastromonaco, Who Thought This Was a Good Idea?: And Other Questions You Should Have Answers to When You Work in the White House|What you realize is that everyone has her own priorities—her own constituency. Often, being a leader is not about making grand proclamations or telling people what to do; it’s about balancing all these priorities and constituencies.
Alyssa Mastromonaco, Who Thought This Was a Good Idea?: And Other Questions You Should Have Answers to When You Work in the White House|You should always be prepared to defend your choices, whether just to yourself (sometimes this is the hardest) or to your coworkers, your friends, or your family. The quickest way for people to lose confidence in your ability to ever make a decision is for you to pass the buck, shrug your shoulders, or otherwise wuss out. Learning how to become a decision maker, and how you ultimately justify your choices, can define who you are.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|I never understood what it meant to be a Democrat or Republican. I'm fully American and agree on some issues presented by both - but not all of them. So why do I have to pick a side? Nobody can say they agree with every single issue proposed by any team unless they lack the ability to think for themselves. To me, both parties are the same. A method to distract and divide a nation from using common sense and logic. I would want a leader to represent every fraction of the country as one united SUM. To make the country stronger, not weaker. One thing I know for certain, is to never choose a leader who needs their speeches written for them. If they cannot communicate to the public directly with their own heart, then they are not a true leader.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A good leader lays seeds to grow trees of peace. A bad leader lays down bricks to build walls of ignorance. Always choose the peacemaker, not the divider. The one who unites and strengthens a country, not divides and cripples it. A leader that will build bridges, not walls.
Martha Heller, Be the Business: CIOs in the New Eras of IT|Lately, however, I have changed my thinking on this. I have a new Greek mythological figure in mind for the CIO; Cassandra. Cassandra made the critical relationship-building error of spitting on Apollo. As retaliation, Apollo gave Cassandra the power of prophecy, but also the curse of never being believed. (Cassandra eventually goes insane, by the way, so you all have that to look forward to.)
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A hero takes steps with the vision of bringing what is beyond the eyes of mere men into reality for them to come to a certain realization. A hero opens doors for the eyes of mere men to see things inside the closed doors and ponder, learn lessons and think of different actions! A hero faces challenges in an overcoming manner with a certain charisma that surpasses the understanding of mere men! To be a hero, one needs a certain gut! It is not as if heroes don’t hit the rock bottom, never! Heroes meet big problems, but big problems and challenges are what defines heroism, and even if heroes are unable to arrest and cripple all the challenges they meet, they must never be discredited for their awesome ingenuity that brought awe, became a yardstick, natured minds, provoked thoughts and caused the envy of mere men to shake, gave people reasons to reason, showed people the essence of life, cleared the path for people to take their journey, and epitomized true heroism! Heroes die after they have blazed the trail! Heroes retire after they have done something unique and unthinkable! Heroes are heroes, regardless of their slips or the big or small things they could never do as heroes, for most times heroes die as heroes whilst challenging the unthinkable challenges! Even if all people don’t see and acknowledge the heroism of a hero, heroes see, feel and understand what it really takes to be a hero! A hero is a hero! Don’t ever undermine heroism!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Go the extra mile to do the undone, but work within your limits, and in doing so also, don’t be a coward to question things within your limit that are not all that right, and don’t be too arrogant or proud or be filled with excessive knowledge to do things which might though be within your limit, yet out of limit, for you must live and leave nothing, but distinctive and lasting footprints!
Tom Golway|The everyday actions of average citizens have a greater impact on society than any politician. Unfortunately politicians exert a disproportionate amount of influence on the actions of the average citizen. If we all use our own ability to positively influence the people around us, time will erode the negative impact of any politician.
R.A.Delmonico|The best leaders don't give a damn about the definition of leadership, they are thinking about more important things.
Stanley Hoffmann, World Disorders: Troubled Peace in the Post-Cold War Era|Statesmen should remember that they have been elected to persuade and to lead, and not just to accept as fixed the momentary moods and pernicious prejudices of the public.
Alan Bennett, The History Boys|Pass the parcel. That's sometimes all you can do. Take it, feel it, and pass it on. Not for me, not for you, but for someone, somewhere, one day. Pass it on, boys. That's the game I want you to learn. Pass it on.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A world without heroes is just an empty world! A world without heroes is just a world without great stories! There are heroes, and there are heroes! A hero takes steps with the vision of bringing what is beyond the eyes of mere men into reality for them to come to a certain realization. A hero opens doors for the eyes of mere men to see things inside the closed doors and ponder, learn lessons and think of different actions! A hero faces challenges in an overcoming manner with a certain charisma that surpasses the understanding of mere men! To be a hero, one needs a certain gut! It is not as if heroes don’t hit the rock bottom, never! Heroes meet big problems, but big problems and challenges are what define heroism, and even if heroes are unable to arrest and cripple all the challenges they meet, they must never be discredited for their awesome ingenuity that brought awe, became a yardstick, natured minds, provoked thoughts and caused the envy of mere men to shake, gave people reasons to reason, showed people the essence of life, cleared the path for people to take their journey, and epitomized true heroism! Heroes die after they have blazed the trail! Heroes retire after they have done something unique and unthinkable! Heroes are heroes, regardless of their slips or the big or small things they could never do as heroes, for most times heroes die as heroes whilst challenging the unthinkable challenges! Even if all people don’t see and acknowledge the heroism of a hero, heroes see, feel and understand what it really takes to be a hero! A hero is a hero! Don’t ever undermine heroism!
Pearl Zhu, Digital Boardroom: 100 Q&as|The boards as top leadership team can no longer avoid, delegate, or ignore the need for technical competency among their ranks.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you get the opportunity to lead, remember it is a noble opportunity not just to amass followers, but to nurture true and great leaders who can do even great things than you!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Be a leader and be a transformer !When you get the opportunity to lead, remember it is a noble opportunity not just to amass followers, but to nurture true and great leaders who can do even greater things than you did! That never wipes off your footprints!
Orrin Woodward|Be discerning with rumors on leaders, for most are birthed by the envy of the idle or the desperation of the defeated.
Orrin Woodward|True leaders apply law and grace, for those who only apply only law have little influence and those who apply only grace do not influence properly.
Jonathan Maas, City of Gods II: Horsemen|To lead by force all you need is a greater army, but to lead by example, to be a city on a hill, you need an uncompromising respect for basic dignity. And you don't gain either of those things by breeding monsters in dungeons.
Lazarus Takawira, The Public Servant|No matter how much you water the ground, if the ground holds no seed then no plant is coming out. Don’t expect the plant to come out unless you have sown a seed
Tony Dovale|In a Consciously Constructive Revolutionary Workplace, the focus is on stakeholders, People, Planet AND profits, not just the shareholder's greed of more profits.
Tony Dovale|In a Consciously Constructive Revolutionary Workplace, Happiness fuelsHigher Performance, which creates Greater Happiness, which again fuels higher performance.
Lazarus Takawira|We are not just the leaders of tomorrow. Leadership is not a destination, leadership is a lifetime journey
Anonymous, Tanakh: The Holy Scriptures|I am not a man of words, not yesterday, not the day before, not from the first time You spoke to your servant. I am slow of speech and tongue.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, Sovereignty|The man who has dedicated himself to the success of the protect, the master builder, no longer has any freedom: his conduct is now determined altogether by the constraining force of the end. Logically, therefore, he is bound to require at every moment from his companions whatever will best serve that end, and he demands of them imperiously whatever he thinks is of that nature. This imperiousness, though to immediate view that of the master, springs ultimately from the project itself, for it is the project which is in command. In the eyes of those under him, however, it is the master who hustles them, and they think him inhuman by reason of his disregard of their moods and personalities and his inability to see them other than as servants of the project (like himself).
Bertrand De Jouvenel, Sovereignty|The law of all modern states takes account of associations, whose members, in theory, pursue the common end with equal zeal. The experience of all associations proves, however, that this is not the case, and that a lively, constant and vigorous awareness of the end is found only in a minority of the associates; an association is really rather like a comet—a large tail of docile followers dragged along by a small dynamic head.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, Sovereignty|The more routine that systematised activities are, the more nearly they are of the monotonous character seen in the habits of social animals and the less necessary are master builders; the more novel actions are, the more necessary are master builders. Dislike of the leader and the promoter, though linked emotionally to progressivism, is linked logically to total conservatism. Conversely, an authoritarian approach, natural enough in the instigator of new activities, is unjustified in the mere overseer of routines.
Vironika Tugaleva|I believe that the best leadership is loud authenticity. That is what the world needs now. We don’t need more plastic, Photoshopped perfection. I don’t want people to look at me and wish they could be me. I want people to be more accepting of their own failures, imperfections, and struggles because they are inspired by how I accept my own.
Mayur Ramgir, Evolve Like a Butterfly: A Metamorphic Approach to Leadership|Explore new avenues and look for ways to have a greater, much more influential impact on the world around you.
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Myth|If given a choice between a potentially great hardship and doing nothing, people gravitate toward what was most familiar and comfortable. That was why leadership was needed. To do what was necessary rather than what was easy.
Cornel West, Black Prophetic Fire|There are hundreds of political prisoners right now in America’s jails who were so taken by Malcolm [X’s} spirit that they became warriors and the powers that be understood them as warriors. They knew that a lot of these other middle-class [black] leaders were not warriors; they were professionals; they were careerists. But these warriors had callings, and they have paid an incalculable and immeasurable price in those cells.
Brian   Cook, The Thin Blue Line: Perception is Deception|Instead of casting aspersions at the process, why don’t you redirect your energy towards something more advantageous, like finally completing the Program!
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|Try to lead the leaders and first never follows in whatever case may be, avoid following someone just strive for being followed by other people.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|The sense of community is that feeling of togetherness that brings us comfort. We are all alone in the world, so we strive to form bonds with others to eliminate that sense of feeling alone.
John C. Maxwell, Intentional Living: Choosing a Life That Matters|As you start your day, are you wondering what you will reap, or are you wondering what you will sow?
S.E. Hinton, Rumble Fish|If you're going to lead people, you've got to have somewhere to go.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Being a leader isn't a title, it's a lifestyle and there is no on and off switch.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|The laws of physics that deal with inertia also apply to humans, such that situations tend to remain the same over time.
G.K. Dutta|Most of the people want to be a leader of winners, but I want to be a leader of losers because losers are the people who truly know the value of winning and they also know how to use and respect it.
Israelmore Ayivor|You can lead if you can serve. You can serve when you can love. You can love when you are graced. The truth is that God knows love will be needed in volumes, this is why he made his grace abundant. Leaders are lovers. Misleaders are haters!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Most times, the leader’s ornament isn’t the smiles you see on their faces during the time of victory. It is the sweats we don’t see when they were struggling behind the scenes.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|When you give up because challenges arise, you are just too ignorant about the power of the gifts you carry within you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Everyone appears to be courageous until bad weathers arrive, and then we know the true leaders.
Israelmore Ayivor|When dark situations arise, it is opportunity for you to reveal the leader in you. Rise and deal with them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Ballot papers don’t determine who leads; they determine who takes which position. As to whether that person occupying the position will lead or will manipulate, character must come to prove it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The leader’s commandment is made up of pledges to solve local and global problems, and not to create more problems to add to the existing ones.
Tony Dovale|Leaders #1 job is to help their people, teams, leadership, and culture, to be #FutureFit...by supporting People, Planet & Profits, in a Consciously Constructive Revolutionary Workplace... today.
K. Von Novack|Leadership is detachment: detachment from material goods, detachment from feelings as well as personal detachment. To lead is to get rid of the filters of the mind and the addictions of the heart, is to see through the fog not only the objectives clearly but also the way to pursue them.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Leadership needs continuous learning from experience. Every time you learn something new, you re-wire your brain.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Don’t always complain the way isn’t there. If you can’t find the way, create it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you are an aspiring leader and you have not yet gone through any trouble, prepare for one. It is by going through the hard times that you become harder against the storms of life.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Compassion makes you strong, caring and creative. It creates a different attitude, a level of maturity and understanding, where you do something which makes you stand out of crowd.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|In the path of compassion our patience, resilience and endurance are often challenged. Sometimes we may fail but we have to stand up again because ultimate joy of compassion is immeasurable for us and the whole world.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|When the leader grows, the organization grows.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|When the leader goes wayward, the organization goes wayward.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|This is an everyday question and you must take note of it always. When you wake up, it should be among your number one thoughts. What are you doing for others?
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Leaders make impacts. If your riches don’t help you to make impacts, you aren’t leading anyone; rather, money is leading you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you’re going to give up after few attempts, bear it in mind that your struggles are going to be wasted.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Most times, the way isn’t clear, but you want to start anyway. It is in starting with the first step that other steps become clearer.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|When you are silent on the truth, you have given a transport fare for the lie to travel and spread fast.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Until you step in the game and influence the skills, you will never change the score line.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Leaders fight hard wars againstinjustice and unfairness. Theybelieve that the truth is a weapon;when triggered, the lie dies.
Israelmore Ayivor|When liberators hide their liberty tools, injustice prevails. True leaders intervene by dealing with injustice before it passes puberty.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you are going to hide yourself and you will not stand against the work of the bad people, you have given them an endorsement.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Silence is very dangerous, especially when your words can be the only source of healing at a moment.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|I noticed that volcanoes, earthquakes and floods, though are not good events, they are better than the silence of good people when bad people take the podium. The latter are to an extent uncontrollable, but the former can be stopped.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you are not going to divorce the status quo, you will give birth to mediocrity.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|A leader’s goal is to improve on upon the past and if your goal is to remain where you are, doing the same things you have done times and times again, you can’t lead.
Mlungisi Simelane|Attitude is the power of leadership. Nothing can stop a person from achieving success who has the right attitude. Our attitude cannot stop our feelings, but they can prevent our feelings from stopping us
Mlungisi Simelane|If you pull a plant out of the soil, you dont need to kill it. It will wither on its own. If you take a fish out of the water, you dont need to kill it. It will suffocate and eventually die. Likewise, if a man takes himself out of connection with God, you dont need to impose destruction on him. He will die spiritually, and its only a matter of time before he dies physically. Do not lose your connection this festive season and beyond. Whoever stays attached to the Source will have life
Mayur Ramgir, Evolve Like a Butterfly: A Metamorphic Approach to Leadership|Convince yourself that you can do it, and the rest of the world will automatically be convinced
Margaret Thatcher|Thought Leadership “The Downing Street Years” Book by Margaret Thatcher“I have a habit of comparing the phraseology of communiques . . . noting a certain similarity of words, a certain similarity of optimism . . . and a certain similarity in the lack of practical results during the ensuring years.”Margaret Thatcher AuthorFormer British Prime Minister#smitanairjain #leadership #womenintech #thoughtleaders #tedxspeaker #technology #tech #success #strategy #startuplife #startupbusiness #startup #mentor #leaders #itmanagement #itleaders #innovation #informationtechnology #influencers #Influencer #hightech #fintechinfluencer #fintech #entrepreneurship #entrepreneurs #economy #economics #development #businessintelligence #business
Dave Jones, former Sr Vice President for Holiday Inn, created and launched Homewood Suites and Embas|Convincing a team to believe in a vision takes sponsorship, commitment, and strong leadership. Commanding Excellence demonstrates how to create a culture that everyone commits to from the boardroom to the battlefield. A must-read for anyone who works in a goal-oriented environment
Tara Dupuis, The Moody Blues: One Family's Journey Through Postpartum Depression|It's not about WHO is right, it's about WHAT is right.
Dave Logan, Tribal Leadership: Leveraging Natural Groups to Build a Thriving Organization|Alignment, to us, means bringing pieces into the same line - the same direction. The metaphor is that a magnet will make pieces of iron point toward it. Agreement is share intellectual understanding. Tribes are clusters of people, and people are complex and nonrational at times. If a tribe is united only by agreement, as soon as times change, agreement has to be reestablished. If people learn new ideas or see a problem from a new perspective, they no longer agree, so tribes based on agreement often discourage learning, questioning, and independent thought. Tribes based on alignment want to maximize each person's contribution, provided that they stay pointed in the same direction like magnetized iron filings.
Dave Logan, Tribal Leadership: Leveraging Natural Groups to Build a Thriving Organization|Alignment, to us, means bringing pieces into the same line - the same direction. The metaphor is that a magnet will make pieces of iron point toward it. Agreement is shared intellectual understanding. Tribes are clusters of people, and people are complex and nonrational at times. If a tribe is united only by agreement, as soon as times change, agreement has to be reestablished. If people learn new ideas or see a problem from a new perspective, they no longer agree, so tribes based on agreement often discourage learning, questioning, and independent thought. Tribes based on alignment want to maximize each person's contribution, provided that they stay pointed in the same direction like magnetized iron filings.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The more you concentrate on what you discover that you will be good for you to pursue, the more experienced you will be while doing it.
Farshad Asl|Coaching is one of the most effective leadership styles that can transform, empower and unlock people's potential. Ask more, advice less, elevate your impact forever.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you will always remember your age and forget your dream, you will live great years and narrow impacts will come out of it.
Patrick Mendis, Peaceful War: How the Chinese Dream and the American Destiny Create a New Pacific World Order|Within this historic and optimistic future in mind, I have made no value judgment of the destiny bestowed on each nation. For all this, however, leadership matters; so do the institutional structures and the system of political governance.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|A self-leader looks around for problems, and then thinks deep to device solutions to them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|And don’t forget, if you are very intelligent but load yourself with bad characters, nobody will follow you.
Tony Dovale|A Consciously Conscious Revolutionary Workplace mindset, is People Firsts, to ensure that it's not a prostitute of our children's future.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|To influence people with your leadership gifts, you don’t make them your enemies. When they are your enemies, they won’t take your words seriously; neither will they support your actions.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Since you can’t be influence by people who hate you, you cannot influence people you hate also.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Not money, not fame and not positions can transform an enemy into a friend but rather, it is love that can do such a job.
Tony Dovale|In a Consciously Conscious Revolutionary Workplace, its People First, Planet Second and then Profits.
Tony Dovale|In a Consciously Conscious Revolutionary Workplace, people are promoted based upon skillset, AND more importantly MINDSET
Steve Jobs, Steve Jobs: His Own Words and Wisdom|It doesn't make sense to hire smart people and then tell them what to to , We hire smart people so they can tell us what to do.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|Life is not about who you know, but rather about who knows you & what you stand for. Show the world with presence, actions & the way you lead your life, who you are.
Jesse Lyn Stoner|People follow leaders by choice. Without trust, at best you get compliance.
Earl Gray Stevens|Confidence, like art, never comes from having all answers.It comes from being open to all questions.
John Piper, This Momentary Marriage: A Parable of Permanence|Headship is the divine calling of a husband to take primary responsibility for Christ-like, servant leadership, protection, and provision in the home.
Craig Groeschel|If you delegate tasks, you create followers, if you delegate authority , you create leaders
kamil Toume|No one can be managed or led, people are inspired and cared for.
Kevin E. Phillips, Employee Leaps: Leveraging Engagement by Applying Positive Strategies|In good organizations, leaders are treated with a sense of appreciation and respect by employees; in great organizations, employees are treated with the same esteem by leaders.
Kevin E. Phillips, Employee Leaps: Leveraging Engagement by Applying Positive Strategies|When a person is engaged, dedication to their craft, desire to achieve, and relentless commitment to make a difference is palpable. You can see it, hear it, and feel it…and it is contagious!
Liz Weber, Something Needs to Change Around Here|Leadership is about what’s right for the organization, not what feels right for the leader.
Liz Weber, Something Needs to Change Around Here|Holding your team accountable to do the jobs they’re being paid to do is not being mean; it’s being a manager, and that’s your job.
Alin Sav|True friends don't send sms, they give a phone call.
Alin Sav|Leadership is the art of following, listening and executing.
Alin Sav|We become what we think. If you have a negative thinking, stop thinking.
Alin Sav|The source of motivation should be in the vision, not position.
Alin Sav|How do you know who´s the leader? When he says nothing, but everybody understands what has to be done.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Not every gift must you stretch your hands to take! Sometimes, just put your hands by your side and humbly and courageously say thank you!
Alin Sav|If you are number 2 or 3 and you are ok with that, then you are ready to be number one and everybody is ok with that.
Liz Weber, Something Needs to Change Around Here|How much of your time, at your “hourly rate,” is wasted each year because you’re cleaning up after your employees and fixing issues they’ve created or haven’t resolved themselves?
Liz Weber, Something Needs to Change Around Here|What is the cost of replacing and bringing up to speed one of your managers, supervisors, or front-line employees who left because they were frustrated with your organization’s leadership?
Alin Sav|Care about people first, then numbers.
Gift Gugu Mona|When you strive for excellence in leadership, then you will excel as a leader.
Michael Eric Dyson|Jackson’s plight raises difficult questions about leadership and morality. His situation illustrates the need to acknowledge that our leaders will occasionally disappoint themselves and us. If we demand that they be perfect, we risk disillusionment when their shortcomings surface. The underlying flaw of our unwritten compact with leaders is the desperate need to believe that they must be pure to be effective. The best leaders concede their flawed humanity even as they aspire to lofty goals.This does not mean that we should not hold leaders accountable for their actions. To his credit, Jackson acknowledged his failure, sought the forgiveness of his family and followers, and provided for his infant daughter. He is willing to practice the same moral accountability he preaches. Because Jackson has so prominently urged young people to take the high road of personal responsibility, some conclude that his actions reveal hypocrisy. But it is not hypocritical to fail to achieve the moral standards that one believes are correct. Hypocrisy comes when leaders conjure moral standards that they refuse to apply to themselves and when they do not accept the same consequences they imagine for others who offend moral standards.
Alin Sav|Every time I read "serve", I understand "leadership".
Alin Sav|If you want to lead people, but you have problems in being authentic, you´ve lost.
Alin Sav|I am what "I click" every day. I am what I watch. I am what I refuse or accept. I am not better than you and you are not better than me. I am here to lead by serving and to serve by loving.
Alin Sav|Leadership does never compete, but completes.
Alin Sav|Every time before you speak, look in the mirror and be sure not to copy someone else.
Alin Sav|You can buy likes, but you can´t buy influence.
Alin Sav|Follow leaders for their questions, not only for their answers.
Alin Sav|We know how to lead projects, but we forget how to lead people, because we forgot how to lead ourselves.
Alin Sav|Some people are like "the great wall of china", you can´t reach them.
Alin Sav|Leaders pull the trigger, but the "shot" belongs to you.
Alin Sav|If you have time, you need a vision. If you have money you need a purpose.
Alin Sav|If people copy your ideas or thoughts, don´t stop them. It´s a sign, that you are an influencer.
Alin Sav|Number one" leaders never think about positions, but disposition.
Alin Sav|Leadership. Something you need few words for, acts are enough.
Alin Sav|Leadership. No rules, no laws, no books, no titles, just influence.
Alin Sav|We do not influence through speaking that much, but by leading.
Alin Sav|Understand this: If you pay attention to the client, he will pay attention to your product.
Alin Sav|Don´t speak about it, prove it - Leadership
Alin Sav|If you're focused, you can't get bored.
Alin Sav|Today's common problem: The focus on results and projects, more than on people and their humanity.
Alin Sav|Everything what you do is Leadership, if you are OK being number 2 from time to time.
Alin Sav|If people love you, they will listen. If people trust you, they will follow.
Alin Sav|Leadership is simple, if the leaders starts to serve first.
Alin Sav|Leadership means welcoming the truth, that there might be a more skilled one than you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|You don’t influence people by commanding them. When you are doing that, you are a manipulator and not a leader.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Just as you won’t enjoy the fruits of the tree you dislike, so you won’t even wait to learn from people you hate.
Alin Sav|I love people, that´s why I win. If you love people, you win.
Robert Jackall, Moral Mazes: The World of Corporate Managers|Younger managers learn quickly that, whatever the public protestations to the contrary, bosses generally want pliable and agreeable subordinates, especially during periods of crisis. Clique leaders want dependable, loyal allies. Thos who regularly raise objections to what a boss or a clique leader really desires run the risk of being considered problems themselves and of being labeled "outspoken," or "nonconstructive," or "doomsayers," "naysayers," or "crepehangers.
Robert Jackall, Moral Mazes: The World of Corporate Managers|The manager comes to see all relationships with others by a strict utilitarian calculus and, insofar as he dares, breaks friendships and alliances accordingly.
Robert Jackall, Moral Mazes: The World of Corporate Managers|The most feared situation is to end up inadvertently in the wrong place at the wrong time and get blamed. Yet this is exactly what happens in a structure that systematically diffuses responsibility. It is because managers fear blame-time that they diffuse responsibility; however such a diffusion inevitably means that someone, somewhere is going to become a scapegoat when things go wrong.
Jacqueline Novogratz|My first grade nun had instructed me that from those to whom much is given, much is expected. I was learning that this lesson had to be combined with Shakespeare's wisdom that one must 'to thine own self be true.' Add to this humility, empathy, a sense of curiosity, courage, and plain old hard work, and I was finally seeing the real path to leadership. Of course, humor is always a plus. (158)
Crystal Kadakia, The Millennial Myth: Transforming Misunderstanding Into Workplace Breakthroughs|We thrive when we are pulled by the future, not pushed by the past.
Crystal Kadakia|Despite the continual rise of the knowledge worker over the last 60 years, we haven’t done enough to question “how we’ve always done things” and redefine effectiveness in organizations.
Alin Sav|The place where "me & I" does not exist - Leadership
Alin Sav|Leadership, a daily development.
Alin Sav|I am not afraid of how the LGTB community reacts on Christians, but how Christians react back.
Alin Sav|Leadership: In love with the team, not the spotlights.
Alin Sav|Leadership, where happiness and work works.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To lead solely on the behalf of those being led is the utter pinnacle of fatherhood, and it is sad that so few ever stand on the summit.
Fredrik Backman, Philémon, Tome 9 : L'Arche du "A"|One of the first things you learn as a leader, whether you choose the position of have it forced upon you, is that leadership is as much about what you don't say as what you do say.
Alin Sav|Before you follow somebody, ask whom is he following.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Sacrifice everything that is yours, to call up the humans in others.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|O my mighty sisters and brothers, forget not that the ideal of humanity is the search of truth. In this pursuit, countless souls have sacrificed themselves in the past. And in this pursuit, countless more shall need to sacrifice themselves.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Arise O lion-heart! Awake, O great soldier! Misery has come upon the world. It is wailing for help. It is wailing for redemption. Won’t you do anything, my friend!
Brian de Haaff, Lovability: How to Build a Business That People Love and Be Happy Doing It|Commerce does not have to be a ruthless, brutal enterprise that damages people’s lives. It can be a source of happiness, healing, and hope.
Brian de Haaff, Lovability: How to Build a Business That People Love and Be Happy Doing It|Lovability — the capacity to earn genuine, heartfelt love and loyalty from customers — is the secret ingredient that propels a select few organizations ahead and leads not only to consistent growth and profitability but sustainable happiness for everyone involved.
Brian de Haaff, Lovability: How to Build a Business That People Love and Be Happy Doing It|Lovable products, services, and companies are disrupting entire industries. They are changing the world.
E.M. Kelly|The difference between a boss and a leader: a boss says, 'Go!' – a leader says, 'Let's go!
Phil Dourado, The 60 Second Leader: Everything You Need to Know about Leadership, in One Minute Bites|Facts and intuition are false opposites.Leaders should listen to their intuition and instincts and allow others to do the same because they are sub-conscious, fast ways of processing, aggregating and then accessing evidence to reach a swift conclusion.Trust your gut.
Abhijit Naskar, The Krishna Cancer|Mark you, no Krishna can clear your eyes and make you look with a broader vision upon life in your march upward and onward, until the Self within you morphs into Krishna – until the Self morphs into Buddha – until the Self turns into Christ.
Phil Dourado, The 60 Second Leader: Everything You Need to Know about Leadership, in One Minute Bites|You can't dominate a network with old-style leadership.But, you can emerge, with the network's consent, as one of its leaders, regardless of your formal position or job title.
Phil Dourado, The 60 Second Leader: Everything You Need to Know about Leadership, in One Minute Bites|There is an interplay between great leadership, events, trends, the organization, the people in it, the market 'out there' that goes far beyond one person exercising their will over others. That's not what leadership is any more.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|Every leader attracts a different type of follower from the left or the right, from the lowest or the highest class. Every leader unwittingly attracts certain stereotypes that fuel their underlying agenda.
Tony Dovale|The reason most of your staff are asleep and disengaged, is because you have boring, and bully managers, and no REAL Leaders to inspire and unleash potential.
Tony Dovale|To ENSURE greater success, celebrate your progess daily.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Gaps: Bridging Multiple Gaps to Run Cohesive Digital Business|All leaders need to ask questions, but they also need to assist in providing answers, to bridge the gap between questions and answers.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Gaps: Bridging Multiple Gaps to Run Cohesive Digital Business|Having a title only doesn’t make one a leader; talented people without a title don’t follow blindly, they practice leadership via influence.
― Tony "Success Activator" Dovale|Unless we immediately move to supporting People, Planet and Profit, we will never be able to reverse the tipping-point of no return. Business is abusing our natural resources, just for greater greedership. This will leave little for future generations.
Tony Dovale|Fear based mindsets see challenges as problems, that are dangerous and impossible. Courageous Mindsets see problems as challenges, that are possible and exciting.
Tony Dovale|Impossible is a perception based upon a limiting mental illusion. Possible is the belief in the potential of unseen possibility,
Tony Dovale|REAL success, satisfaction and joy has nothing to do with owning STUFF!
Tony Dovale|Courage is the belief in self, and the possible ability to prevail in the face of adversity.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Gaps: Bridging Multiple Gaps to Run Cohesive Digital Business|From a leadership perspective, the liking has to be qualified and be able to garner respect.
Tony Dovale|To go from Bitter to BETTER, means you need to turn your I onto an E, by embracing WE.
― Tony "Success Activator" Dovale|Developing ALL staff to their fullest potential, on a daily basis, is the most powerful and humane approach, to building a high-performance organisation, that positively changes the world.
Tony Dovale|Bad Culture is the contaminated oxygen your staff breath, as they get indoctrinated by your limiting context.
Tony Dovale|Culture is the constant constraint that controls creativity, commitment, collaboration, and cohesion.
Tony Dovale|REAL Leadership is the building of belief, that activates and aligns the full potential, for a meaningful cause
Tony Dovale|Appreciation and recognition are qualities that most leaders forget, but desperately need, to build a positive, passionate and engaged workplace.
Tony Dovale|High Performance Teams create cultures of caring, connection, commitment, collaboration and clear consistent communication
Tony Dovale|Your UNconscious mind has more power, influence and control over your thoughts, feelings, decisions, and choices, than your conscious mind.
Tony Dovale|Most people are interested in success, but not COMMITTED to success, which is why 85%+ of people seldom achieve their desired level of success.
Tony Dovale|Limitless Leadership is the secret ingredient that helps common people, create high performance teams, that achieve outstanding and uncommon results.
Tony Dovale|A High Performance team requires people with High Performance Mindsets, with relevant competence, committed and balanced communication, to a meaningful and challenging goal.
Peprah Boasiako|Your influence on others is your net worth, treat it as such.
Charles S. Stamper, DAILY VICTORY: 40 Day Devotional Inspired by the United States Armed Forces|The answer is always "No" until you ask. - Ref James 4:2
Mohsin Ali Shaukat|Even the gloss of a Leader guides his followers, Leader creates ideas and followers follow them, that's why he is so satisfied & calm that his ideologies inspire even those who are against him, he sits aside and watches the spectacle of his followers. After all there is nothing wrong in all this because he knows that he is becoming the source for many to change their state of mind, passion and philosophy. Some are true followers they will learn and win some are Malevolent they will not .....Choice is always there ...
Mehmet Murat ildan|If a leader wants his people to do something, he himself must firstly do it!
Farshad Asl|Strategize yearly, plan quarterly, examine monthly, reflect weekly, act daily, and live #intentionally.
Farshad Asl|I've failed over and over but I get back up stronger, better, and bolder. It's the only way I know and want to live.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Whom the society deems worthless, once they discover their special inclination, it will change the very course of their lives as well as the shape of the very society that distastes them.
K. Melissa Kennedy|In order to master the ability to lead, develop and deliver innovation at speed systematically, you must challenge your assumptions and expectations that influence your actions.
Abhijit Naskar, The Krishna Cancer|Awake, O brave one! Arise, O lion-heart! Be the messenger that spreads compassion.
Tina Schermer Sellers, Sex, God, and the Conservative Church: Erasing Shame from Sexual Intimacy|When we do not fully and equally represent the masculine and the feminine in church and civic leadership, we cannot represent the human experience or Jesus.
Orly Wahba, Kindness Boomerang: How to Save the World (and Yourself) Through 365 Daily Acts|When you’re faced with a choice, choose to inspire, choose to empower, choose to stand for those who have lost the will to stand for themselves.
Orly Wahba, Kindness Boomerang: How to Save the World (and Yourself) Through 365 Daily Acts|A powerful leader, like a conductor, need not say a word for his message to be communicated.
Miguel Reynolds Brandao, The Sustainable Organisation - a paradigm for a fairer society: Think about sustainability in an age of technological progress and rising inequality|I see entrepreneurship, like many other activities, as a type of mission. A mission by which we can provide better life chances and quality for both our current and future generations.
Lazarus Takawira, Imagine Africa|No matter how much you water the ground, if the ground holds no seed then no plant is coming out. Don’t expect the plant to come out unless you have sown the seed
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|You send a message by what you say and what you do. If words aren’t supported with consistent actions, they will ring hollow.
Lazarus Takawira|The spotlight does not change a person, it simply reveals what one has mastered in the darkness
Lazarus Takawira|I am sorry, I was wrong and it’s my fault, these are words only accustomed to humble leadership
Adam M. Grant, Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World|The first follower is what transforms a lone nut into a leader." - Quoting Derek Sivers
Robert E. Hamm Jr., Continuous Improvement; Values, Assumptions, and Beliefs for Successful Implementation: It's All About the Culture|A value-added step in a process is defined by three characteristics. First, the step must be something that the customer is willing to pay for. Second, the step must directly change the form, fit, or function of something to produce a product or service. The final characteristic of a value-added step is that it is so important that it must be done right every time to successfully produce the intended product or service.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|When you master the basics, and execute them well, there’s no need to worry about the score.
Herman L Glaess|It is the sensitive people in any organization that become aware of the need to discover the acceptable "middle" ground between "profit only" and "people only" and act accordingly.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|When you feel that others are lacking and failing ....first assess the skill, style, quality, results, mindset, support, professionalism and spirit with which you yourself play the game.
David Rock, Your Brain at Work: Strategies for Overcoming Distraction, Regaining Focus, and Working Smarter All Day Long|Many great leaders understand intuitively that they need to work hard to create a sense of safety in others. In this way, great leaders are often humble leaders, thereby reducing the status threat. Great leaders provide clear expectations and talk a lot about the future, helping to increase certainty. Great leaders let others take charge and make decisions, increasing autonomy. Great leaders often have a strong presence, which comes from working hard to be authentic and real with other people, to create a sense of relatedness. And great leaders keep their promises, taking care to be perceived as fair.
Bluenscottish|To create oneself as a Leader the foundation of Integrity must be laid, built with character and aspirations of greatness
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Think of strength, dream of strength, live of strength.
Kevin Cashman, The Pause Principle: Step Back to Lead Forward|Tethered to our smart phones, we are too caught up and distracted to take the time necessary to sort through complexity or to locate submerged purpose . In our urgent rush to get "there," we are going everywhere but being nowhere. Far too busy managing with transactive speed, we rarely step back to lead with transformative significance.
Anton Myrer, Once An Eagle|We stand at an immense fork in the raod. One way is the path of generosity, dignity and a respect for other races and customs; the other leads most certainly to greed, suspicion, hatered and the old, bloody course of violence and waste - and now, God help us, to the very destruction of all the struggles and triumphs of the human race on this earth. My old friends and fellow townsmen: which will it be?
Aysha Taryam|His request to those listening was to start every day knowing that each minute lost is one that they will never get back and use that thought to drive them forward. This is what resonates most with this writer about our beloved Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid, he is a force of positive energy that the world is in dire need of. Therefore, when people ponder about what it is that makes the government of the United Arab Emirates different one can safely reach the conclusion that, Mohammed Bin Rashid is the difference.
William E. Simon Jr., Great Catholic Parishes: A Living Mosiac: How Four Essential Practices Make Them Thrive|Parishes that have learned to develop a culture of continual invitation to leadership, training, and growth in responsibility for their members are predisposed to ongoing health and growth when pastor transitions occur
DaShanne Stokes|A fool can't help but be a fool, but when others follow, he makes a fool of us all.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|Every posting, message, or email creates an impression, a public persona, from which other people make judgments. We make judgments about others, but how often do we turn that critical analysis on ourselves?
Bill Thrall, The Ascent of a Leader Experience Guide|Character – the inner world of motives and values that shapes our actions – is the ultimate determiner of the nature of our leadership. It empowers our capacities while keeping them in check. It distinguishes those who steward power well from those who abuse power. Character weaves such values as integrity, honesty, and selfless service into the fabric of our lives, organizations, and cultures.
Janna Cachola|Rephrase the words "staff members" into team members. Because the people in our team are far more than employees, or colleagues. We are a unit!
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|For every opinion, there is an equal and opposite opinion.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law...Do you understand the rights I have just read to you? With these rights in mind, do you wish to speak to me?” Most Americans adults have heard the Miranda rights from countless television and movie crime drams. The first statement of the Miranda rights is a simple but powerful declarative sentence. “You have the right to remain silent.” Not speaking will not be held against you, but the suspect is told that any words spoken “can and will be used against you in a court of law.” U.S. law provides the opportunity for reflection and protection against self-incrimination with the last sentence asking, “Do you wish to speak to me?” Reflect and ask yourself, it is wise to post or send an email containing that information?
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|An organization's proprietary, internal information is constrained only by an understanding that stake-holders will keep organizational matters within the organization.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|The written word imparts a gravitas the spoken word lacks. The underlying assumption is that time and thought has been expended on what was written, even if that is not the case.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|A car crash at seventy-five miles an hour results in glass and steel strewn about the roadway. Emergency workers attend to the injured drivers, passengers and bystanders, and remove the wreckage. An electronic communication wreck lacks the visual drama, but imparts damage just as real and just as permanent. A momentary lapse in judgment may prove catastrophic for the writer, their family, coworkers, and stakeholders.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|Emails, texts and social media promise the writer the power to be heard…In a society where relinquishing control is viewed as weakness, power is relinquished through every message sent without forethought to the potential consequences.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|In the Darwinian environment of business, one's most provocative words are naturally selected by competitors to be hurled back at them at the most inopportune moments. Do not arm your adversaries.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|Neither inherently good nor evil, electronic communication platforms are 100 percent dependent on user input.
Robert Grudin, The Grace of Great Things: Creativity and Innovation|...as we proceed to higher and higher levels of expertise, and as the stakes get higher and higher, the agonies of excellence reappear in new and frightening ways. A tiny minority gets through to the top, to memorable excellence or profound understanding. The rest of us stop at stages along the way, perhaps for a temporary rest, perhaps for a period of reassessment. But once we stop, we are unlikely to start up again. Security is suddenly far sweeter than enterprise. The sufferings of the ascent, so long endured by insuppressible aspiration, suddenly seem pointless.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|To be fully in service to something one has experienced as real is the essence of leadership in a nonhierarchical age. A leader is the holder of a story, someone whose experience of its reality is deep enough so that she can hold the belief on behalf of others.
Nikki Rowe|They'll tell you who they think you should be they'll even try to manipulate you into believing it but let me tell you something son, if I listened to who I was supposed to be - this, everything we are and do wouldn't be in existence. Be a leader, find yourself and make a life with it. Those who judge you and try to force the patterns of their beliefs onto you are envious they haven't the strength in themselves to do the same.
John Wooden|Reputation is what others perceive you as being, and their opinion may be right or wrong. Character, however, is what you really are, and nobody knows that but you.
Hillary Rodham Clinton, Living History|One reason I continue to oppose efforts to criminalize abortion is that I do not believe any government should have the power to dictate, through law or police action, a woman's most personal decisions.""I consider that a slippery slope to state control of reproduction, and I'd witnessed the consequences of such control in China and Communist Romania.
Janna Cachola|I don't need to be vocal about my intentions, I am just intentional about my actions.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|Once a message has been sent electronically, the writer has ceded power not just to the recipient, but to whomever the recipient chooses to forward the information. To access electronic communication is to control it. The recipient, not the writer, has power over future dissemination of the writer’s words.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|LOVE is Leadership through Optimism, Value, and Endurance.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Leadership is not only about producing results or measuring success with statistics. Leadership is doing something with significance that makes families, organizations, societies, nations, and the world a better place before you die.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Full Cupboard of Life|Mr Mandela, who had given his whole life for justice and had never once thought of himself. How unlike these people were modern politicians, who thought only of power and tricks.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Though sometimes you must have an unstoppable courage, it must be with a well defined humility for purposeful living! Humility is not just good for our lives; it also greatly saves our lives, integrity and true purpose! Don’t just think you are on top of the world just because you stand on the tallest building. When the building collapses, you may be far worse than they that walk besides the building who can run away upon seeing it collapsing!
Abhijit Naskar|No institution can become the cradle of leadership, until its teachers break their manacles of rugged dogmas.
Maureen Chiquet, Beyond the Label: Women, Leadership, and Success on Our Own Terms|I wrote Beyond The Label to open up the aperture through which we look at the world. I want us to reconsider what it means to be a woman, a mentor, a wife, a mother.
Maureen Chiquet, Beyond the Label: Women, Leadership, and Success on Our Own Terms|This book is for those of you who are tired of trying to squeeze into constrained categories, who long for a life without limits on who you are or who you will become.
Maureen Chiquet, Beyond the Label: Women, Leadership, and Success on Our Own Terms|The underlying issue in getting women to top positions is what kind of leadership we value and how we teach, assess, and promote “good” leaders in all organizations.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|When your leadership and legacy are built on love, obstacles are overcome through love’s fruit of optimism, foundations are built solid and secure in love’s values, and success is achieved through the strength found in love’s endurance.
Vironika Tugaleva|The more you've struggled, the more inspiring your story will be when you come out the other side. Do not give up. Today's struggle brings tomorrow's wisdom.
Kelley Armstrong, The Calling|When you accept a leadership role, you take on extra responsibility for your actions toward others. If you shun someone, the effect will trickle down through those who value your opinion.
Tod Bolsinger, Canoeing the Mountains: Christian Leadership in Uncharted Territory|Relational congruence is the ability to be fundamentally the same person with the same values in every relationship, in every circumstance and especially amidst crisis. It is the internal capacity to keep promises to God, to self and to one's relationships that consistently express one's identity and values in spiritually and emotionally healthy ways. Relational congruence is about both constancy and care at the same time. It is about both character and affection, and self-knowledge and authentic self-expression. Relational congruence is the leader's ability to cultivate strong, healthy, caring relationships; maintaining healthy boundaries; and communicating clear expectations, all while staying focused on the mission.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|You can’t lead without love, and more importantly, you can’t leave a legacy without love.
William Wordsworth, Character of the Happy Warrior|...The happy Warrior... 'tis he whose law is reason; who depends upon that law as on the best of friends; whence, in a state where men are tempted still to evil for a guard against worse ill, and what in quality or act is best doth seldom on a right foundation rest, he labors good on good to fix, and owes to virtue every triumph that he knows: who, if he rise to station of command, rises by open means; and there will stand on honorable terms, or else retire, and in himself possess his own desire; who comprehends his trust, and to the same keeps faithful with a singleness of aim; and therefore does not stoop, nor lie in wait for wealth, or honors, or for worldly state; whom they must follow; on whose head must fall, like showers of manna, if they come at all:
Abhijit Naskar|You are born to build the society, not to follow it.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|Innovative leaders today are digital conductors, problem-solvers, and culture influencers.
Henry Johnson Jr, Liberian Son|A true revolution is about making those who are comfortable with corruption, uncomfortable. It's about pointing your fingers in the right direction and with nothing but the truth, will come power. A power not to exploit the Liberian people. But an ability to restore liberty, justice, and prosperity for all." - Henry Johnson Jr
Farshad Asl|True leaders don't look at just the outward appearances in the selection of team members, they look at one's core values and heart.
William Wordsworth, Character of the Happy Warrior|...The happy Warrior... is he... whose powers shed round him in the common strife, or mild concerns of ordinary life, a constant influence, a peculiar grace; but who, if he be called upon to face some awful moment to which Heaven has joined great issues, good or bad for human kind, is happy as a lover; and attired with sudden brightness, like a man inspired; and, through the heat of conflict, keeps the law in calmness made, and sees what he foresaw; or if an unexpected call succeed, come when it will, is equal to the need: he who, though thus endued as with a sense and faculty for storm and turbulence, is yet a soul whose master-bias leans to homefelt pleasures and to gentle scenes; sweet images! which, wheresoe'er he be, are at his heart; and such fidelity it is his darling passion to approve; more brave for this, that he hath much to love:
Farshad Asl|A level 4 leader's greatest asset is his ability to engage, empower, and equip his people; this is what creates the momentum for a significant change in the organization. He invests 80% in his people and 20% in the process.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A journey to make real impact that changes lives, give meaning to life and living, and turns vision of the masses into realities demands a true focus, an utmost zeal and robustness and an unfailing tenacity to do whatever necessary within the powers and reach of a true leader, and with all needed dexterity, wit and wisdom, to make real impact have a meaning and give real liberation to the masses!
Stephen Bungay, The Art of Action: How Leaders Close the Gaps between Plans, Actions and Results|Sins of omission should be regarded as far more serious than sins of commission,
Carla Harris, Expect to Win: Proven Strategies for Success from a Wall Street Vet|You won this job because you were the best for the job. You are smart, quick to learn, and can quickly acquire any skill you might be lacking.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Entrepreneurial Leadership is where your vision, influence and creativity converge; it is where opportunities become limitless and your capabilities boundless.
Carla Harris, Expect to Win: Proven Strategies for Success from a Wall Street Vet|I learned that when you can turn a presentation into a conversation, you have won the battle of converting a client; and second, I learned that the real Carla was my best competitive weapon and my key personal advantage.
Karen Lopez McWilliams, The Ones Who Believed: True Inspirational Stories of Everyday People Who Took a Chance, Shaped a Life and|When I give the best of me, that becomes my legacy.
Farshad Asl|Leaders don't assume. Assumptions are the termites of leadership. Communicate, communicate, and communicate, until you connect.
Orrin Woodward|Men's Leadership Success Formula: Get up, Show up, Man up, Mentor up, and Move up!
Chris Behnke|The accumulation of non-obvious, ineffective, or misapplied actions leads to low productivity.
Lazarus Takawira, Imagine Africa|The problem is not lack of leadership, the problem is lack of good leadership
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol and Other Christmas Writings|He has the power to render us happy or unhappy, to make our service light or burdensome, a pleasure or a toil. Say that his power lies in words and looks, in things so slight and insignificant that it is impossible to add and count 'em up; what then? The happiness he gives is quite as great as if it cost a fortune.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|In a world full of lions and tigers entertaining the masses, have you ever seen a wolf performing in a circus?
Fabrizio Moreira, The Gift That Would Change My Life|No one can make you successful, the will to succeed comes from within
Abhijit Naskar|Tell them a lie big enough, they'll worship you as a sage. Tell them a truth big enough and they'll mock you.
Janna Cachola|Your superpowers don't care who you dislike. If you are an encourager, you encourage them anyway
James C. Collins, Good to Great: Why Some Companies Make the Leap... and Others Don't|To use an analogy, the "leadership is the answer to everything" perspective is the modern equivalent of the, 'God is the answer to everything' perspective that held back our scientific understanding of the physical world in the Dark Ages. In the 1500's, people ascribed all events they didn't understand to God. Why did the crops fail? God did it. Why did we have an earthquake? God did it. What holds the planets in place? God. But with the Enlightenment, we began the search for a more scientific understanding - physics, chemistry, biology and so forth. Not that we become atheists, but we gained deeper understanding about how the universe ticks.Similarly, every time we attribute everything to 'Leadership," we're no different from the people in the 1500's. We're simply admitting our ignorance. Not that we should become leadership atheists (leadership does matter), but every time we throw our hands up in frustration - reverting back to "well, the answer must be Leadership!" - we prevent ourselves from gaining deeper, more scientific understanding about what makes great companies tick.
Fabrizio Moreira, The Gift That Would Change My Life|A leader without a team, is a car without steering wheel
Fabrizio Moreira, The Gift That Would Change My Life|I don't buy dreams, i buy actions
Fabrizio Moreira, The Gift That Would Change My Life|A real job can kill a real dream, chase your real dreams
Saminu Kanti|A leader cannot fall prey to the whims of the voices that shout the loudest, but must stand as a voice of reason in defense of the silent.
Jeff Chang, We Gon' Be Alright: Notes on Race and Resegregation|People of color are allowed, even required to perform, and, especially these days on issues of race, to edify as well. 'Here you are, now entertain us'. But are we allowed to lead?
Janna Cachola|Don't apologize for expressing passion.Don't back down when it comes to your integrity.Don't let anyone undermine your standards for the sake of ease.Be a character of excellence, NOT excuses.
Mmanti Umoh|Without the right succession planning put to play in human resources, we build for the future without a future
Rev. Kellen Roggenbuck|If your ministry can't work without you, then it is no longer Christ-centered. Minister toward Jesus, not yourself.
Adam Kirk Smith|When quitting is done correctly, it isn't giving up - it's making room for something better.
Adam Kirk Smith|Entitlement is such a cancer, because it is void of gratitude.
Janna Cachola|Ever since I was 12 years old, my mother have always taught me to learn to be a leader. To start learning now! When you have the time to take time to learn and have every chance to be mentored. Don't be ashamed to be high maintenance when it comes to development.
Janna Cachola|Self-leadership is the most effective way to train leaders. How do you do that? Empower them to make decisions, you as a leader back them up and allow them to follow through
Miles Anthony Smith, Why Leadership Sucks™ Volume 2: The Pain, Pitfalls, and Challenges of Servant Leadership Fundamentals|Leaders bring things to conclusion, not necessarily consensus.
Adam Kirk Smith|Instead of thinking that you always need to do bigger things, learn to do the small things in better ways.
Adam Kirk Smith|As a leader, your main responsibility is to remove any barriers that stand in the way.
Paul Oberschneider, Why Sell Tacos in Africa?: 16 life-changing business strategies you can use anywhere, from the man who turned $400 into $200 million|What separates those who build exceptional lives from others, is the way they use their time.
Janna Cachola|Professionalism shouldn't be defined by a persons paycheck, role or title. It should be defined by a persons work ethic
Vironika Tugaleva|Only when we face the impossible, and experience the unbearable, do we find out who we truly are.
Vironika Tugaleva|There is no greater suffering than constantly measuring yourself and coming up short, except perhaps the realization that your suffering is hurting others. But where do we learn these things? Because, really, they are learned. We don't come crying out of the womb because of our birth weight or because we have no money in this brand new world. We learn to measure and we learn to attach our self-worth to those measurements.These patterns we're stuck in aren't just painful for us, they're also distracting us. Every day, the gap between rich and poor grows while the people of developed societies do nothing, because we are too busy worrying about looking good. We're distracted, but not because we've chosen to be. Being distracted by our illusory inadequacy keeps us from changing the world. And believe me, we all have the power to change the world. If we only make the time. If we only free some head space.If you can't learn to love yourself for yourself (and how could you with such a paradoxical motivation?)... then do it for us. Do it for the world. We need you. We need your mind. We need your attention. We need your thoughts. Change your focus, and you will (not can, but will) change the world. You already matter. You just have to realize it for yourself.
Janna Cachola|A woman with vision is unstoppable, a woman who is always increasing her skills multiplies. Along with passion this woman is undeniable.
Ibnoulkhatib Yahya|Go on your way , use you brain , be innovative, achieve your dreams and don’t turn back, because you left so many envious people behind you !! …
Farshad Asl|As we look ahead into the future, leaders will be those who serve others, actively listen, and daily empower.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|The ‘No Excuses’ mindset is not only composed of net worth, but also self worth and network.
Biz Stone, Things a Little Bird Told Me: Confessions of the Creative Mind|At least half the job of CEO is communication - because of human nature. People fear what they don't know. If the board wasn't hearing that things were going well, they assumed that things must be going badly.
Torron-Lee Dewar, 50 Ways to Become a Better Choreographer|While you're worrying about becoming famous, there is someone out there putting in work and not wasting a second of their time. Which person will you be?
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Speaking the unspeakable. As a leader, you need to not just listen to what’s being said, but more importantly, what's not being said.
Audrey Moralez|Our capacity can grow or diminish, and either way, the results compound over time.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Let there be a child, who should,not be taught. Let there be a child, who should,be refrained from books. Let him not hear, don’t preach him, dear. Don’t let him read the quotations,on internet and make them his passion. Don’t tell him stories of successful,and make them his anthem.Allow him to grow unto what,he is to know.
Bluenscottish|The lack of truth in one's words and actions is manifested in the failed attempts at success. Without integrity, reinvention has no impact~
Charles Duhigg, The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business|Reform is usually possible only once a sense of crisis takes hold.... In fact, crises are such valuable opportunities that a wise leader often prolongs a sense of emergency on purpose.
Pearl Zhu, Digitizing Boardroom: The Multifaceted Aspects of Digital Ready Boards|Digital leadership must be extremely visionary, mindful, creative, empathetic, generous, conscious, passionate, and humble.
Jeanette Coron|Anybody who leads with hate, is not fit for leadership.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|The queer thing is that we do trust you," said Bodisham. "In spite of your -- extremism.""You'd better," said Rud with grim conviction. "I'm right. What is extremism? The whole truth and nothing but the truth. I ask you.""It's because of his extremism you trust him," said Chiffan. "It's because in the last resort we believe in his indiscretion, and know he won't fail us even if we fail ourselves. All leadership is extravagance. Extra-vagance. Going a bit ahead."Rud did not quite understand that. "It's because you know I'm right," he said."It's because," said Chiffan, letting his thoughts run away with him," to make a new world, the leader must be a fundamentally destructive man, a recklessly destructive man. He breaks his way through the jungle and we follow...We cannot do without you, Rud.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|But how do you come ‘offline’ when so much of our daily lives is moving ‘online’? Every month new sites and online services are launched. If you need to check anything – about a new school for your children, medical treatment, tourist destination or recipe – you go online. Bill Gates put it so well when he called the Internet the ‘town square for the global village of tomorrow’.Could you spend a week or even a day without reading your emails, using social media or going online? Someone recently joked with me that having Internet access is more important than having food or water.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A true leader is the one who leaves memorable footprints of nobility. A leader who is decisive enough and have all the guts to take bold and frank decisions regardless of the oppositions and the temporal adverse effect of such decision on the masses, knowing that in the end, the fruits of such decision will be sweeter enough to put joy on the faces of the masses and they shall remember such noble footprints and ponder in humility.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Valley: Five Pearls of Wisdom to Make Profound Influence|You need a strategy to assume leadership, but only the character can sustain leaders as who they really are.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|You do not need to be a millionaire to feel successful or be successful. Financial wealth is only one of many possible indicators of success. However, to achieve your dreams and life goals you’re going to need money. And making it requires financial planning and goalsetting. I do not know of any successful person who has been able to simply ignore their finances.
Nigel Cumberland, Secrets of Success at Work: 50 Techniques to Excel|We live in a world in which everything seems to needed now and working quickly is normally viewed as a positive attribute in the workplace...Do not let yourself become too frazzled and stressed by doing everything at high speed.As I have coached hundreds of individuals in the workplace, I have discovered that we waste precious time by delaying and procrastinating. We might know that the work is very urgent and important but we still might find ourselves being slow to start the task.
Mac Canoza|WORSHIP IS ACTION.""Worship is not lazy, boring and sad.Worship is zealous, famous and joyful.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|Stop worrying about what you cannot control. It’s a total waste of your energy, energy that could otherwise be used to help you focus on what you can influence. I spend large parts of my coaching sessions helping people to sift through their challenges and concerns – helping them to determine what they can change and what they have no control over.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|The most powerful way of being able to listen to your own intuition is by being silent. Find a quiet space, slow down and calm your mind. Your goal is to eliminate all that noise going through your head – all those thoughts that appear from nowhere.
Pearl Zhu, Leadership Master: Five Digital Trends to Leap Leadership Maturity|Fundamentally, leadership is more about the future, but starts at today.
Mac Canoza|Only those who do not practice sin can stand in the presence of the holy God." -"I NEVER KNEW YOU
Mac Canoza|WORSHIP IS ACTION.Worship is not lazy, boring and sad.Worship is zealous, famous and joyful.Psalm 66:1-2Shout joyfully to God, all the earth; Sing the glory of His name; Make His praise glorious.1 Corinthians 6:20For you have been bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body.Psalm 107:32Let them extol Him also in the congregation of the people, And praise Him at the seat of the elders.
Pearl Zhu, Leadership Master: Five Digital Trends to Leap Leadership Maturity|A set of excellent questions themselves is perhaps like a poem, both philosophical and intellectual.
Pearl Zhu, Leadership Master: Five Digital Trends to Leap Leadership Maturity|The art of questioning is to ignite innovative thinking; the science of questioning is to frame system thinking, with the progressive pursuit of better solutions.
Nigel Cumberland, Secrets of Success at Work: 50 Strategies to Excel: Teach Yourself|Diversity is a very popular business topic today while the negative side of diversity, discrimination, remains a touchy and sensitive topic. Even in organisations which follow the letter of the law in terms of not discriminating against any individuals, it is common for people to show prejudice and bias...Have the courage to stand out from your colleagues by being very open to and comfortable with all kinds of diversity amongst your colleagues and stakeholders. When you sense someone is being ignored or marginalized spend time with them and bring them into discussions encouraging them to speak up as needed.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|True empathy is not about waiting to understand another person; it is about proactively seeking to do so. It takes effort to give another person your full time and attention; to ask others how they are feeling and if they coping well with things. And don’t overlook those closest to you. Never take anyone for granted. Avoid being too preoccupied to sit down and talk with your children, partners and colleagues.
Dr. Wanda Bonet-Gascot|Don't sabotage your energy, focus on expanding your energy bubble.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|A truly successful life is one filled with friends so it helps if people like being around you. If you suspect they don’t, have a think about how strongly you exhibit ‘likeable’ qualities such as listening well, being trustworthy, kind, generous, compassionate, fun, positive and unselfish. The good news is that you can learn such qualities even if they don’t come naturally to you.
Lao Tzu|To lead people, you must follow behind.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|It is not blindly pushing your own agenda that will enrich the world. It’s is your ability and willingness to understand, appreciate, anticipate, address, serve and support the lives of others that will.
Amanda Bouchet, A Promise of Fire|Unless they're utterly heartless, people put a certain value on human life. It keeps us from killing each other off for no reason. But for leaders like you and me, a moral high ground is too absolute. There are choices to be made.
Richie Norton|Success is a process, not an event.
Myles Munroe|If you keep people down so they dont become better than you, you gotta stay there to keep them down so you dont progress yourself.What kind of wahala (Suffering) is that ?Leave them to progress so you can expand.
Pearl Zhu, Leadership Master: Five Digital Trends to Leap Leadership Maturity|Authenticity is the most fundamental, but challenging attribute for leadership.
Sue Tetzlaff, The Employee Experience: A Capstone Guide to Peak Performance|Move away from the mid-set that the fulfillment of the organization's mission, vision, and strategic plan is only the work of leaders.
Sue Tetzlaff, The Employee Experience: A Capstone Guide to Peak Performance|It takes healthy, resilient leaders and employees to achieve great results.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, Balancing Work, Relationships & Life in Three Simple Steps|By leading ourselves effectively, we can learn to lead others as a whole person: mind, body, and spirit.
Anthony T. Eaton, LEADERSHIP CONVERSATIONS|You don't need a title to be a leader, and having a title doesn't make you one.
Shawn Casemore|In the world of business, being slow is a losing move.
Shawn Casemore|A business that is not growing after all, is dying.
Kevin J. Donaldson|Money is not the result, but the BYPRODUCT, of your good leadership.
Kevin J. Donaldson|Match your talent with integrity, or your talent might take you places where you lose control, and fall from grace.
Shannon L. Alder|Gratitude was never a noun; it's secretly a verb. It is not a place you accept defeat, settle in for broken dreams or call it the best life will get. Gratitude is getting out of laziness, self pity, denial and insecurity, in order to walk through that door God has been holding open for you this entire time.
Gugu Mona|We cannot keep on blaming the past leaders about the present circumstances. We need to be mindful that if we do nothing to improve the present circumstances, our children will also blame us in the future.
Azim Jamal & Brian Tracy, What You Seek Is Seeking You|Authentic leadership is leadership that endures, because it exists as a function of the individual rather than a crowd of borrowed opinions.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|The thing with life is that it is transitional. As such, one day, we will wake up to realise that the likes of IBB, OBJ, GEJ, PMB, FFK, LAI LAI, etc are no longer with us and can no longer manipulate or control the affairs of Nigeria.One day, you and I would become responsible for the affairs of this country in many varying capacities. Some as state leaders, others national, while some others would man ASSU, NLC, NUT etc.Truly, should the generation after us be hopeful? Hopeful that we will turn the corner for their sake?Think about it. Are you ready to lead the way?
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|He has led us in here against our fears, but he will lead us out again, at whatever cost to himself.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|The surest way to damage society is to call for a "great man" to lead it. The surest way to improve society is to become a great man to lead oneself and convince others to do likewise.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|I'm sick and tired of it," he said, "It's the same all the time. 'These are my claws, so this is my cowslip." 'These are my teeth, so this is my burrow.' I'll tell you, if I ever get into the Owsla, I'll treat outskirters with a bit of decency.
Constance Friday|Real power, is the power that empowers without corruption
Glenn C. Stewart|If your leadership is truly grounded in love, you’ll always land in the category of a good leader.
Amit  Chatterjee|Paradoxes are what draws Wisdom like bees to honey! Hence, where there is no paradox (Complexity), there is no need for Wisdom....
Gerry Geek, Ice Breakers for Project Managers: Jokes, Quotes, and Brainteasers|A code is like love, it has created with clear intentions at the beginning, but it can get complicated.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Be Practical." That's probably the most stupid piece of advice I've ever received in my life.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Very often we sit back thinking good things will happen, knowing that good things take time and hoping that someone else will do it. The world needs us!
Sharad Vivek Sagar|I know I could’ve been on the other side of the line too. I refuse to accept injustice and inequality because I know it can be against any one of us, our brothers and sisters and friends and family. I know it’s personal. I know this is our only chance, our only planet, our only shot. And, I know this is my brick.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|I would follow such beauty, said something inside Ender. I would see as those eyes see.
Peter M Senge|When a change management fails, leadership change is brought in. A leadership change will always bring in change management
Amit  Chatterjee, Ascent: A Practising Manager's Growth Mantra|Management is the kitchen that produces a delicious meal, where Leadership is the Chef hooked by a purpose across the canyon of risks that adds the fragrance and taste to make it go beyond expectations.
Mark Sanborn|The test of leadership is, is anything or anyone better because of you?
Nikki Rowe|You can continue to cry over the same pain & complain about the same situations or you can expand your mind and you can grow. Maybe im not alone when I say, sometimes we all get a little confused and feel like we owe it to the people and places to try harder when in reality, most of the time lessons become lifelong if we don't learn the art of peaceful detachment early in the game.
James Fenimore Cooper|All greatness of character is dependent on individuality. The man who has no other existence than that which he partakes in common with all around him, will never have any other than any existence of mediocrity.
Aayush Jain|Those leaders who fail, lack the capability to resonate their idea & thoughts
Dr. Myles Munroe|You can chase a bird from your porch, but you can not take away its ability to fly.
Samuel Gyekye Mensah|The person of creatures is living, the purpose of living is service, a service that implants legacy.
David Morehouse, Psychic Warrior: The True Story of America's Foremost Psychic Spy and the Cover-Up of the CIA's Top-Secret Stargate Program|My father taught me how to understand and be sensitive to others, which is probably the most critical aspect of leadership. Without it you are only a manager.
John Maxwell|When people respect someone as a person, they admire her. When they respect her as a friend, they love her. When they respect her as a leader, they follow her.
James Mikołajczyk, Jesus the Jew, Christ the King: Exploring the Hypostatic Union Between the Jesus of History and the Christ of Faith|Unlike temporal leadership, in which violence and death often proliferate, Christ’s rule signifies reunion between predator and prey, malefactors and innocents.
Aayush Jain|Behind every successful innovation, was a presentation in a closed room
Ravi Kant|Unless people are convinced about what you are asking them to do, they are not going to make it happen.
Debasish Mridha|Be the leader, not the boss.
Utpal Vaishnav|In the midst of desert, I found there was, within me, a beautiful lake. In the midst of night, I found there was, within me, an unbeatable morning.I realize through it all, that …No matter how difficult the challenges are, within me, there is a force that wants me to push back. The force wants me to live my personal legend there is no matter what.May the Force be with me … and with you.
Bluenscottish|The Leader who grows his team not just in numbers but by nurturing the roots of their success,has planted a field of dreams
kamil Toume|People cannot be managed or led, people are inspired. Think leadership again if you disagree.
Mike Ayers, Power to Lead: Five Essentials for the Practice of Biblical Leadership|In leadership, skills may take you where character won't keep you.
Donald J. Trump, Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again|A great leader has to be flexible, holding his ground on the major principles but finding room for compromises that can bring people together. A great leader has to be savvy at negotiations so we don't drown every bill in pork barrel bridges to nowhere. I know how to stand my ground — but I also know that Republicans and Democrats need to find common ground to stand on as well.
Dilip Bathija, The Superhero Soul: Quest for Inspiration, Happiness, Success and Greatness|Dream without fear, love without limits, and let your life sing its song.
Max DePree|Channeled correctly and integrated properly, our diversity can be our greatest strength.
Katherine J. Walden, Seasons: Reflections on Changes Throughout Life|That’s the bittersweet joy of ministry. We see people healed, and then we watch them move on in victory. Sometimes, it means saying goodbye. We must learn to celebrate as our fledgling birds spread their wings and fly into freedom, even if that flight pattern takes them far away from us.
Katherine J. Walden, Dare to Call Him Friend|You can take the minister out of the pulpit, but you can’t take the ministry out of the minister.
Edward M. Hallowell|So don't look over your shoulder or let fear and anxiety rule you. Go for broke. Let passion blaze your trail. Look ahead and pursue the dream that fits who you are as a person and a manager. Learn what you can, but don't get bogged down--in today's world, there's so much to know that learning can actually take the place of action and hold you back. Learn enough, then trust your gut and act. Be bold--or crazy--enough not to hold back. Take advantage of the freedom to be your own person. When the game is over, regardless of the score, you'll revel in what you've done.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Ever since I became an executive producer of 30 Rock, people have asked me, 'Is it hard for you, being the boss?' And, 'Is it uncomfortable for you to be the person in charge?' You know, in that same way they say, 'Gosh, Mr. Trump, is it awkward for you to be the boss of all these people?
Henry Cloud, Boundaries for Leaders: Results, Relationships, and Being Ridiculously in Charge|When leaders lead in ways that people’s brains can follow, good results follow as well.
Tiffany Winfree|The quickest way a person can defame your character is by taking something you said out of context. But Fear Not. Everyone that was ever Anyone always had their words taken out of context. If you can't handle having your words twisted up, then leadership is not for you. Leadership is reserved for the ‪#‎BRAVE‬.
Tiffany Winfree|When you make up your mind that you want to be Great, you have to learn about the Great people of the past, the Great people who changed the world, and the Great people of each respective category of absolutely everything you can think of. You have to saturate your mind in greatness. You literally have to get a degree in it. Greatness is a journey into those who have come before you. ‪
Henry Cloud, Boundaries for Leaders: Results, Relationships, and Being Ridiculously in Charge|As a leader, you are always going to get a combination of two things: What you create and What you allow.
Curt Carlson|Whatever you do, do with integrity. Wherever you go, go as a leader. Have courage to lead. Whenever you serve serve with caring. Whenever you dream, dream with your all. And innovate, never give up. ~Curt Carlson, America's Richest Families: A Forbes Compendium Of Stories Since 1977
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|HOW TO CHOOSE A GREAT LEADERChoose a leader who will invest in Building bridges, not walls.Books, not weapons.Morality, not corruption.Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance.Stability, not fear and terror.Peace, not chaos.Love, not hate.Convergence, not segregation.Tolerance, not discrimination.Fairness, not hypocrisy.Substance, not superficiality.Character, not immaturity.Transparency, not secrecy.Justice, not lawlessness.Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction.Truth, not lies.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Great leaders live and leave noble and indelible footprints. Any leader can start something. Any leader can do anything but, the real hallmark and a great measure of a great leader is not necessarily what happens now but, what happens later. The noble works of a true and a great leader stand the test of time and never vanish with time.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|... I believe that he will prosper most whose mode of acting best adapts itself to the character of the times; and conversely that he will be unprosperous, with whose mode of acting the times do not accord.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you cannot lead, do not mislead.
Debasish Mridha|To be a real leader, serve with love.
Richie Norton|In the end, every startup is different. But in the beginning every startup is the same.
Simon Sinek, Start with Why: How Great Leaders Inspire Everyone to Take Action|Great companies don`t hire skilled people and motivate them, they hire already motivated people and inspire them. People are either motivated or they are not. Unless you give motivated people something to believe in, something better than their job to work toward, they will motivate themselves to find a new job and you`ll be stuck with whoever`s left.
Kerry Patterson, Crucial Confrontations: Tools for Resolving Broken Promises, Violated Expectations, and Bad Behavior|Every time we decide to use our power to influence others, particularly if we`re gleeful and hasty, we damage the relationship. We move from enjoying a healthy partnership based on trust and mutual respect to establishing a police state that requires constant monitoring.
Jonathan Gosling|Leaders are made when people discover and express their own authority. This is the powerful message of this book (Ascent: A Practising Managers Growth Mantra), spoken with honest insight by a man who has been there and done it himself. I know—Amit Chatterjee has been a student, colleague, and correspondent of mine for many years and now, with this book, he becomes my teacher too.
Amit  Chatterjee, Ascent: A Practising Manager's Growth Mantra|We have good leadership only by chance, not by management.And we need to change that!
Ahmed Elkadi|Don't be sad that one day or another you met someone who undermined your capabilities and sapped your energy, what that person did could be the strongest crucible that forged a great leader
Lailah Gifty Akita|You must not wait to be elected into office, before you begin to serve. Begin to serve every where you are; in the home, community, school, university, work, hospital, church, market, society, nation and among many other places.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Leaders must served and not to be served as demonstrated by Jesus Christ, the Saviour.
Shana Pascoa|Phronesis is a beautiful virtue, practise it and you shall reap the rewards…
Walter Isaacson, American Sketches: Great Leaders, Creative Thinkers, and Heroes of a Hurricane|As much as Henry Kissinger wanted to attribute historical movement to impersonal forces, he too conceded to "the difference personalities make".
Saul Bellow, Herzog|No true individual has existed yet, able to live, able to die. Only diseased, tragic, or dismal and ludicrous fools who sometimes hoped to achieve some ideal by fiat, by their great desire for it. But usually by bullying all mankind into believing them.
Tabby Biddle, Find Your Voice: A Woman's Call to Action|Our generation of women is clearing the path for our daughters, granddaughters, women and girls down the line, to be safe to be the woman or girl they are.
Raymond E. Feist, Honored Enemy|A hunt leader could not show fear, or let it linger in his stomach, for others would sense it soon enough, taste that fear and become possessed by it. They would hesitate when an order was given, and uncertainty would claim their life as readily as the blade of the enemy.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|He listened to their opinions, stated his own, and supported them with reasons; and from his being constantly occupied with such meditations, it resulted, that when in command no complication could ever present itself with which he was not prepared to deal.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Accept it as it is and be true to yourself, the real answer is in you. It is about saying no to whom and what no is due and saying yes to whom and what yes is due! A simple solution to most of the problems of mankind today is just Yes and No!
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Jesus does not suffer so as to exclude your suffering. He bears a cross, not that you may escape it, but that you may endure it.
Niccolò Machiavelli|... From want of foresight men make changes which relishing well at first do not betray their hidden venom, as I have already observed respecting hectic fever. Nevertheless, the ruler is not truly wise who cannot discern evils before they develop themselves, and this is a faculty given to few.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|... Whoever becomes master of a city accustomed to live in freedom and does no destroy it, may reckon on being destroyed by it. For if it should rebel, it can always screen itself under the name of liberty and its ancient laws, which no length of time, nor any benefit conferred will ever cause it to forget; and do what you will, and take what care you may, unless the inhabitants be scattered and dispersed, this name, and the old order of things, will never cease to be remembered...
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|... If instead of colonies you send troops, the cost is vastly greater, and the whole revenues of the country are spent in guarding it so that the gain becomes a loss, and much deeper offense is given since in shifting the quarters of your soldiers from place to place the whole country suffers hardship, which as all feel, all are made enemies and enemies who remaining, although vanquished, in their own homes, have power to hurt. In every way, therefore, this mode of defense is as disadvantageous as that by colonizing is useful.
Debasish Mridha|You may not lead by ordering, but you may lead by showing possibilities and the beauty of success.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|... none of them had it. They had no qualms about stealing, but they needed to be told. They liked to be told, and Viktor Chemmel liked to be the teller. It was a nice microcosm.
Bluenscottish|The journey to self discovery forges many paths, the footprints left behind are the memories of what was and the belief of what is.~bns
Andrew Pettegree, Brand Luther: How an Unheralded Monk Turned His Small Town into a Center of Publishing, Made Himself the Most Famous Man in Europe—and Started the Protestant Reformation|Print, it transpired, was not just an instrument of agitation and change: now it was equally necessary to win the peace.
Bluenscottish|Awesome ‪‎Leadership‬ is encouraging others to take initiative,challenge what is status quo improve it and feel pride in their commitment~bns~
David Talbot, Brothers: The Hidden History of the Kennedy Years|The first thing I am going to tell my successor is, don't trust the military men – even on military matters." JFK
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|People of the hundred," he said, using an ancient Herrani phrase Arin was surprised he knew, "who leads you?"So many cried Arin's name that it no longer sounded like his name.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|A strange feeling: as if filaments trailed from Arin's body. A thousand fishing lines snagging attention. Here and there. Little tugs. People caught on the lines. The way sometimes people couldn't look him in the eye, and when they did they become fish trying to breath air. He wished it weren't like that.He knew it would be necessary.
Mark Kurlansky, 1968: The Year That Rocked the World|It is not an overstatement to say that the destiny of the entire human race depends on what is going on in America today. This is a staggering reality to the rest of the world; they must feel like passengers in a supersonic jetliner who are forced to watch helplessly while a passel of drunks, hypes, freaks, and madmen fight for the controls and the pilot's seat. – Eldridge Cleaver, Soul on Ice, 1968
Ashish Patel|When efforts that are wisely executed, the situation and condition don't affect the performance.
Andrew-Knox B Kaniki|A leader or president that never rebukes violence, is like one that takes utter pride in it's rage
Jonathan Verderame|Are you following the sheep to the slaughter house, or leading them to the pasture?
Leslie Ludy, When God Writes Your Life Story: Experience the Ultimate Adventure|A true leader must have enough backbone to stand alone, even when the crowd wants to take the easy road home. A true leader cannot be dependent on companionship for his or her security, but must learn to trust in God alone. Singleness can give us the kind of backbone - courage, confidence, and leadership skills that an effective Christian must learn.
Lydor Brunice|The value of someone is not determined by titles, positions and sects, but by the impact and the major contributions he/she makes in the society by digging a hole in the universe to build a foundation for the next generation that is coming.
Lorenzo Victory|TO GROW OUR MIND- We must learn new things. We must CARE for more things. We must TEACH more things. We must SHARE more things. We must RETAIN more things. To grow our mind - We don't need education, We need a good memory.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|John F. Kennedy responded, as he often did when at his best, skillfully mixing dollops of wit with, self-deprecation, and the principle of not-really-going-near-the-question.
Mark Kurlansky, 1968: The Year That Rocked the World|Gen. de Gaulle is only concerned about history, and no jury can dictate the judgment of history." Georges Pompidou
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Nixon was by nature a excluder. Halderman like to exclude people. When Nixon's need met Halderman's abilities, you had the most perfect formula for disaster. – Jim Shepley
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Richard Nixon coveted, to the point of obsession, a controversy-free, stage-managed coronation.
Bluenscottish|Begin each day with a promise to self to be grateful ,be kind .be authentic your day will meet your intent ~bns
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|House speaker Thomas read could see the trend, but he could not have changed himself.
Adam Bryant, Quick and Nimble: Lessons from Leading CEOs on How to Create a Culture of Innovation|[That] speaks to one of the most important roles of a leader; to boil down an organization's many priorities into a simple plan, so that employees can remember it, internalize it, and act on it.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|JFK apparently felt genuine sympathy for his 1960 presidential opponent Richard Nixon. He felt that, with Nixon's frequent shifts in political philosophy and reinventions, he must have to decide which Nixon he will be at each stop. This, Kennedy reasoned, must be exhausting.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|The author commented that John F. Kennedy's 1960 presidential campaign team worked like a band of brothers, while Richard Nixon's campaign team worked like a band of brothers in law under the direction of a quarrelsome aunt.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Eisenhower on LBJ: "He hadn't got the depth of mind nor the breath vision to carry great responsibility.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Henry Cabot Lodge was like medicine, good for you, but hard to take. – Teddy White
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|There are really two essential things in campaigning. First, you must be in good humor. If you're going to be a raffle, you are to stay home. Second, you are to make sense in your speeches. These aren't the two things you must do. Unless you're saying, if you can be in good humor when you're exhausted. – Henry Cabot Lodge
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Eleanor Roosevelt on the changes in John F. Kennedy that led her to drop her opposition to his nomination for president: "He has the qualities of a scholar, and a sense of history. I had the feeling that he was the man who can learn. I like him better than I ever had before because he seemed so little caulk-sure, and I think he has a mind that is open to new ideas.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|The author's alliterative description of politics since the 1960 presidential debates: "Government by Gotcha".
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Jack Kennedy protected a mature and presidential image – tough, yet not unduly combative.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|The world has enough deceit, decay, and despair; be different.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|In the 1960 campaign, Arthur Schlesinger wrote of Adlai Stevenson, who already lost twice as the party's presidential nominee, "He has been away from power too long; he gives me an odd sense of unreality, a certain frivolity, distractedness, over-interest in words and phrases.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|We need to know not only what is done but what is purposed and said by those who shape the destines of states and realms." Horace Greeley
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Lincoln said his spiky hair had "a way of getting up in the world".
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|The press-savy Lincoln looked not to the future, but to the past.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|It remains for you to save one before saving others, to lead one before leading others.
Bluenscottish|Leadership is when you build the team,have the tools,teach the trade,use their skills to ready them for success.~Bluenscottish
Bluenscottish|Leaders who listen to their team ,encourage dreams, they inspire success by example andl ignite the passion needed to achieve ~Bluenscottish
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|A lot of people here some South in your mouth, and they automatically think you're dumb. They think if you talk funny, you are funny. – Lloyd Hand
Jennifer Schuessler|In person, Mr. Desmond mixes low-key friendliness and on-message discipline.
Agatha Christie, Murder in Mesopotamia|In my opinion, the state of mind of a community is always directly due to the influence of the man at the top.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|When justice is more certain and more mild, is at the same time more efficacious.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|The only nations which deny the utility of provincial liberties are those which have fewest of them; in other words, those who are unacquainted with the institution are the only persons who passed censure upon it.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|King die hard, in Shakespeare and in life.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Tolkien, lucky man, had protected a realm of his own invention to which he could flee. Robert Graves, embittered by battle, writes: The child alone a poet is: Spring and Fairyland are his… Wisdom made him old and wary banishing his Lords of Faery
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Jack had an actor's control." Chuck Spalding
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you get to the junction of double mindedness in purposefulness, remember the will of God.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|It was not because I had a strong sense of the virtue of industry, but because Joe had a strong sense of the virtue of industry, that I worked with tolerable zeal against the grain.
Rick Perlstein, The Invisible Bridge: The Fall of Nixon and the Rise of Reagan|He talks to people's grievances, but he doesn't seem mad. – Elizabeth Drew
Rick Perlstein, The Invisible Bridge: The Fall of Nixon and the Rise of Reagan|Chronicling the mid-1970s up session with Gerald Ford's clumsiness, the author quotes a medieval maxim that the king has two bodies. The head of state has a physical body like everyone else, but he also represents the body politic, either reflecting its majesty or its weakness.
Joe Nocera|Once Trump got his hands around this promising idea, he basically strangled it.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|If virtue does not equal powers, powers will be misused.
Frank Herbert, Dune|My son will wear the title well, the Duke thought, and realized with a sudden chill that this was another death thought.
Pat Chambers|The essence of leadership is not to portray yourself as some sort of know-it-all, but your ability to develop the people you are working with so they themselves can take the initiative and do the organizational drive.
H.W. Brands|Such was the code: Strive for victory, but never seem to be self-involved.
Debasish Mridha|If you have a great vision and are ready for a passionate mission, they you are a leader.
Stephen R. Lorenz, Lorenz on Leadership: Lessons on Effectively Leading People, Teams and Organizations|Comfort leads to complacency, and complacency kills. For this reason, I believe that we all should be a little uncoomfortable in our jobs.
Donald R. Hickey, The War of 1812: A Forgotten Conflict|Initial uniformity can be deceiving, warns the author, because parties arrive at that state from so many different motives which will be exposed over time.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|To leaders, one trusted friend is better than ten well known betrayers
Frank Herbert, Dune|There are proven ways to win the loyalty of tough, strong, ferocious men: play on the certain knowledge of their superiority, the mystique of secret covenant, the esprit of shared suffering.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders get to tall heights by taking short steps. Being faithful, diligent and consistent with little steps is the secret to mounting greater heights.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Those who see poverty looking for human slaves to capture, will tell you they saw him holding the handcuffs of laziness.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders reject free opportunities they don't need, so that they can have time to create the expensive opportunities they need.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|Talk about presidents "taking" the country hither and yon is part of the foam of presidential elections.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|A person with low standards will forever be walking. A person with high standard will soon stop walking and start running. Later, they’ll soon stop running and start galloping. The next time you see him, he’s either flying or soaring.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Don’t let the horrible nature of the waters prevent you from crossing the rivers of life. The more horrible the challenges we face, the sweeter the joy of conquering them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders are raised through training and experience. Nobody was born naturally with hand-gloves of leadership. We come to life to search for it, discover it and optimize it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Live an exemplary life as a leader. When you are gone, you will still lead from the grave because your influence, impacts and inspirations will become and information for the living.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|People do not recognize that you can do it when you merely tell them you can. Until they see you doing it, they won’t follow you. Leaders who are willing to go further alone today are those to be consulted for solutions tomorrow.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|If you have only answers and no questions, chances are high that you will never know new things.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Contrary to popular opinion, leaders aren’t created out of fame. Fame is just a shadow. When you enter dark times in, it leaves you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Innovation is the art of creating a better, a more convenient and more comfortable way for the world to pass. Leaders leave footprints everywhere they go. They are impact makers and innovators.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|There may be arrogance – and the laziness of someone who is indefatigable when doing what he enjoys, but only when doing that.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders are optimistic. When you walk with leaders, the spirit of hope will ramble around you and you will feel like “yes, I can break barriers with few blows.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Who you are when you have no power to say anything, and who you become when you have power to say everything will determine whether you are a leader or not.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Whether it is in business life or in political roles, leaders rise up to offer the solutions to problems society faces. They act with the right actions at the right time.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|To know if someone can speak offensively or politely, don’t give him poem to recite; don’t give him a song to sing. Just engage him in an argument and you will know it for yourself who he is.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|A leader does not only discover what people can do better. He teaches, guides and mentor them to do it exceptionally well. When a seed comes into contact with a leader, fruits are produced.
Erik Larson, Dead Wake: The Last Crossing of the Lusitania|It's all right to drill your crew, but why not drill the passengers.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|When you are a person people can trust, they will call on upon you, love to be around you and work with you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leadership is about taking steps while management is about drawing the map on the steps to take. Managers simply plan, leaders simply execute!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leadership is about focus and concentrations. To be in focus, choose a clear direction. To concentrate, remain in that direction!
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|Feeling threatened by others' choices pulls us all down. Instead, we should funnel our energy into breaking this cycle.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|Women can enter (...) negotiations with the knowledge that showing concern for the common good, even as they negotiate for themselves, will strengthen their position.
John Ferling, Jefferson and Hamilton: The Rivalry That Forged a Nation|For leaders, wars are filled with guesses.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|By means of positive imaginations, leaders bring the future to the present so that they can work on it before setting off to enter it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Everyone in the organizations is very important. From the sweeper to the security officer; from the messenger to the manager, everyone doing well at his post is a leader. The organization becomes a leading one when it’s made up of people leading in their roles.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|The simplest way to silence your critics as a leader is to do what they claim you can’t do. However, be careful they don’t set you up to take fatal risks to please their criticisms.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|The common soldiers did not blame him for his excessive grief. They knew him. They knew his flaws. Indeed, I think they loved him all the more because he was flawed, as they were, and did not hide his passionate, blemished nature.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|As wars dwindled to skirmishes and our strength grew, so David was able to spend less time with military commanders and more with the engineers and overseers who were fanning out throughout the land, digging cisterns, making roads, fortifying, connecting, and generally making a nation out of our scattered people.
DeWayne Owens|There is no greater truth than this: God created you for success. He gave you all the physical, mental, and spiritual DNA to succeed. He loves you through your mistakes and loves you enough to correct you when you step out of line. If you have not done it lately, Grab on to His great big hands of love and let Him take you places you have never dreamed of going. He’s that AWESOME!
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|I thought it best to add nothing further, to let the line of his thought lead him to his own conclusions.
DeWayne Owens|There is no greater truth than this: God created you for success. He gave you all the physical. mental, and spiritual DNA to succeed. He loves you through your mistakes and loves you enough to correct you when you step out of line. If you have not done it lately, Grab on to His great big hands of love and let Him take you places you have never dreamed of going. He’s that AWESOME!
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|Even though he said no store in uncanny things, he was soldier enough to value with whatever weapon came to hand.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|When a kingdom rests on it, I always expect difficulty. Then, if there is none, no blame. But if there is, one is prepared.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|No one sits, as you do, so close to a king, who does not begin to grasp how the levers of power work, and the cost of the oil that must grease them.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|This night he was a king before he was a man. At this time, this troubled me. Later, I would have cause to wish it were always so.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|David was at his best in group settings, soldier enough to join in the raucous jests, king enough to make it matter that he remembered some moments of bravery or sacrifice, and praised each man accordingly.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|David ran through concrete advantages. And then set aside the practical. The pragmatist was gone, replaced by the poet and mystic.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|If soldiering did not interest him, the soldiers themselves were another matter. He loved to sit with the men and draw out their first-hand stories of past campaigns.
Thomas Huynh, The Art of War—Spirituality for Conflict: Annotated & Explained|Leaders can change the tenor of the workplace and create harmony in motion toward a favorable result. So every time you say to your team, "Let's rock and roll," make sure you have already set up the stage to where they can actually perform like rock stars.
Sebastien de Castell, Traitor's Blade|She turned back to the rest of us. "They've taken it all," she said. "They've taken every last good thing in the world."Then she swung the door wide. "Now go and show them your answer.
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Shattered Lens|I've never understood one thing: Why do all these megalomaniac dictators, secret societies, mad scientists, and totalitarian aliens want to rule the world? I mean really? Don't they know what a pain in the neck it is to be in charge? People are always making unreasonable demands of kings. "Please save us from the invading Vandal hoards! Please make sure we have proper sanitation to prevent the spread of disease! Please stop beheading your wives so often; it's ruining the rugs!
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|Whatever his weight in pounds and ounces, he always seems bigger because of his bounces.
Fred Lowe Soper, Building the Health Bridge: Selections from the Works of Fred L. Soper|Eradication represents a complete change of philosophy and a recognition of the equal rights of all citizens to protection from infection, no matter where they live. Eradication, by its very nature, is public health with a conscience. The public health control officer can sleep tranquilly, salving his conscience with the thought that most of his responsibility has been discharged – that he did not have enough money to do any more. The eradicator knows that his success is not measured by what has been accomplished but, rather, is the extent of his failure indicated by what remains to be done. He must stamp out the last embers of infection in his jurisdiction. His slogan must be: ANY IS TOO MANY.
William Crawford Gorgas, Sanitation in Panama|My dear Gorgas,Instead of being simply satisfied to make friends and draw your pay, it is worth doing your duty, to the best of your ability, for duty’s sake; and in doing this, while the indolent sleep, you may accomplish something that will be of real value to humanity. Your good friend, ReedDr. Walter Reed encouraging Dr. William Gorgas who went on to make history eradicating Yellow Fever in Havana, 1902 and Panama, 1906, liberating the entire North American continent from centuries of Yellow Fever epidemics.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|To understand desire, one needs language and flesh.
William Crawford Gorgas, Sanitation in Panama|Fortunately for the cause of science and of humanity, we had as Governor-General of Cuba at that time General Leonard Wood, of the United States Army. General Wood had been educated as a physician, and had a very proper idea of the great advantages which would accrue to the world if we could establish the fact that yellow fever was conveyed by the mosquito, and his medical training made him a very competent judge as to the steps necessary to establish such fact. General Wood during the whole course of the investigations took the greatest interest in the experiments, and assisted the Board in every way he could.
Larry Page|My job as a leader is to make sure everybody in the company has great opportunities, and that they feel they're having a meaningful impact and are contributing to the good of society. As a world, we're doing a better job of that. My goal is for Google to lead, not follow that.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|Time was when much of lawyering consisted (according to turn-of-the-century lawyer and statesman Elihu Root) in "telling would-be clients that they are damned fool's, and should stop.
DeWayne Owens|Over seven billion people exist and not one has your set of fingerprints. That sets you apart from anyone who has or ever will walk the face of this earth. You bring something to the table of life that no one else can, so bring it!
Peter Northouse|Although leaders and followers are closely linked, it is the leader who often initiates the relationship, creates the communication linkages, and carries the burden for maintaining the relationship.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|The real character of leaders does not show in fair weathers. When the sun of life begins to go hot, you will see for yourself some leaders are already melting off!
Germany Kent|Few of us realize our potential; because if we did, we would pursue our passion and walk in our purpose.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|The speed at which progress rolls is not determined by the number of people who started pushing it, but by the number of people who are passionate to hold on doing so.
William C. Dietz, Halo: The Flood|Take a look around,” the instructor had advised. “Ask yourself if there’s anyone else who is better qualified to do the job. Not in the entire galaxy, but right there, at that point in time. If the answer is ‘yes,’ ask them to accept command, and do everything you can to support them. If the answer is ‘no,’ which it will be ninety-nine percent of the time, then take your best shot. That’s all any of us can do.
Ellen Hopkins, Perfect|Yes, it takes two to dance. But somebody has to lead.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders are lovers of change. Without change, growth is static. To lead, you have to appreciate change; else change will depreciate you!
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|When the qualities that now confer leadership have become universal, there will no longer be leaders and followers, and democracy will have been realized at last.
Fred Lowe Soper, Anopheles Gambiae in Brazil, 1930 to 1940|Preferring steady progress, slow and imperfect, is a good philosophy for the defeated.
Thomas W. Martin, Doctor William Crawford Gorgas Of Alabama And The Panama Canal|His was the strong soul, gentle, but tempered with fire, fervent, heroic and good, the helper and friend of mankind. It is such as he who make progress possible.
Anamika Mishra|You have to make people realize your worth, else no one cares!
T.K. Naliaka|Over a century now after Dr. William Gorgas wiped Yellow Fever out of Havana and Panama, and by that out of an entire continent, and more than half a century after Fred Lowe Soper led the eradication of Anopheles gambiae out of Northeast Brazil, their names are unknown, their carefully-detailed, boots-on-the-ground methods that they described in detail to leave expressly for generations to study and learn from to apply to malaria - and specifically they both had the desire for the destruction of malaria in Africa on their minds - is unread. The mistakes they warned about, the assumptions that they discovered to be useless and ineffectual in the field against disease-bearing mosquitoes are repeated today, while what Gorgas and Soper found to be effective and efficient in real-life conditions are routinely ignored or unknown, avoidable errors blithely doomed to be repeated thanks to modern ignorance of their incredibly important and transformative historical successes in public health. In the battles against malaria, to be ignorant of Gorgas’ and Soper's work in eradicating the mosquito that carries it is to be hobbled by the lack of hard-earned field knowledge, practical and effective discoveries that remain completely relevant and critical to success in eradicating malaria today.
Thomas W. Martin, Doctor William Crawford Gorgas Of Alabama And The Panama Canal|I am sorry for you tonight, Mr. President. You are facing one of the greatest decisions of your career. Upon what you decide depends on whether or not you are going to get your canal. If you fall back upon the old methods of sanitation you will fail, just as the French failed. If you back up Dr. Gorgas and his ideas, and you let him make his campaign against mosquitoes, then you get your canal. I can only give you my advice; you must decide for yourself. There is only one way of controlling yellow fever and malaria, and that is the eradication of the mosquitoes. But it is your canal; you must do the choosing and you must choose tonight whether you are going to build that canal.
Patrick Hennessey, The Junior Officers' Reading Club: Killing Time And Fighting Wars|In fact, second lieutenants were primary-school teachers. Sure, teachers with guns, but a platoon commander was, nonetheless, the guy who sorted out the working day for 30 men under his command, taught their lessons, helped them with their homework, sorted out their petty squabbles and put plasters on their knees when they fell over in the playground.
Patrick Hennessey, The Junior Officers' Reading Club: Killing Time And Fighting Wars|The British Army has a fine tradition of being so distracted by what it is currently up to it stubbornly refuses to look round the corner, let alone into the future.
Chris Matthews, Tip and the Gipper: When Politics Worked|Staffers tend to mimic their bosses, to take their key from them.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens|Bring it down." Veteran leader Han Solo's correction to the overbearing swagger bike which his protégé is attempting to force his will on others.
Scott Hammerle, Lessons from the Castle: My Journey From Prince Charming to Executive Level Leader and How You Can Find The Legendary Leader Within|People don’t follow you because you are nice, they follow you because they believe the place you are taking them is better than the place they are.
Gary Chapman, Growing Up Social: Raising Relational Kids in a Screen-Driven World|The best way to predict future is to create it." Abraham Lincoln
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|A storyteller, a displaced poet, will absorb reading differently.
Dick Van Dyke, My Lucky Life in and Out of Show Business|The show became its own little world, with its own internal rhythm and high standards.
DeWayne Owens|Although it is great to know, it is better to be told, 'I love you.' Whose day can you make better today by simply saying, 'I love you?' Now do the thing you know better to do.
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|Young, healthy communities can afford to roll the dice.
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|He might not take their advice, but he took their temperature.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|The author points out that the moral failure of Abigail Adams' brother focused her on disciplining her children, and herself, so that they did not come to the same end.
Scott Hammerle, Lessons from the Castle: My Journey From Prince Charming to Executive Level Leader and How You Can Find The Legendary Leader Within|Sometimes servant leaders focus on the servitude part and forget the leader part. Great leadership isn't about abdication of power, it about the benevolent application of that power.
Scott Hammerle, Lessons from the Castle: My Journey From Prince Charming to Executive Level Leader and How You Can Find The Legendary Leader Within|The formula for successful leadership has changed little, if at all over the centuries. It isn’t leadership that changes over time, rather where the leaders need to take their people that changes.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A person who is truly cool is a work of art. And remember, original works of art cost exponentially higher than imitations. Just take a look at the the coolest people in history. They will always be a part of history for being extremely original individuals, not imitations.
Germany Kent|If you never try, you'll never know. You are what you manifest.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|Confronted by menace or what is perceived as menace, governments will usually attempt to smash it, rarely to examine it, understand it, and drefine it.
Ron Suskind, The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism|You can actually herd cats. They can't be forced, of course. But if they sense something they want, if there enticed by something good, they'll follow, even in herds.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|He was always acting, always enveloping himself in artificiality, perhaps to conceal the volcano within.
Ron Suskind, The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism|Life-shaping institutions tend to start with an idea or revelation. They often become mostly about the preservation and expansion of authority, something they relinquish only with the greatest reluctance.
Kevin J.  Donaldson, Lead and Succeed 7 Wealth Principles of Today's New Leaders|What most new entrepreneurs don’t realize is that before you can lead a business, or a family, or a ministry, or even just another person, you have to be the leader of yourself, first.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|Connection" was the cement of the governing class.
Ron Suskind, The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism|In this era of public survival through continuous storytelling, people want someone who might surprise them.
Ron Suskind, The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism|He was rebuilt, reconstituted by vengeance dressed up as high purpose.
Debasish Mridha|If you think like a leader, act like a leader, inspire like a leader then you are a leader.
DeWayne Owens|If you have allowed a laborious lifestyle to suppress your dreams, then NOW is the time to take a STAND and give yourself PERMISSION to DREAM again! Now remove the clutter in your life and make PLANS to make your dreams a reality.
Michael Harris|Leaderships about transforming lives and making a difference through innovation and purpose, grounded in values and integrity
DeWayne Owens|In order to get where you want to go in life, you have to Geeet!
M*A*S*H Episode Guide Team, M*A*S*H EPISODE GUIDE: Details All 251 Episodes with Plot Summaries. Searchable. Companion to DVDs Blu Ray and Box Set.|Inside that Colonel, there's a private that needs to be cuddled and held just like the rest of us." Hawkeye
Heather Simmons, Reinventing Dell|A $10,000 investment in Dell at its 1988 initial public offering would have yielded a fortune of ~$6 million at the stock’s peak.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|As a citizen of the world, I stand only with Truth and my conscience is my only leader. This is the only way to peace and justice on earth. To always do the right thing, be the right person, and stand with whoever is right always and forever.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|anytime you speak to anybody, remember somebody
Unarine Ramaru|With every step you take ask yourself, what do I really want?
Bob Rae, What's Happened to Politics?|The best leaders are well-rounded, able to draw on whatever skills suits the particular situation at hand. They are determined, insightful, shrewd, and, most important, able to command the attention of the people around them.
Bob Rae, What's Happened to Politics?|Leadership is not a voice crying in the wilderness, aloof and apart. It requires an ability to command as well as to inspire, to learn in the process of collaboration and to build a team with a common purpose that can take action and execute the change they envision.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|If we do not touch the heart, we will soon weary the ear.
Bill Clinton|The accomplishments of the women in 'The Counselors' are a testament to the power and promise of the American Dream and are sure to resonate deeply with many young women who have the desire and the ability to make their own unique contributions to this legacy of progress. . . . Just as the women in this book were empowered by the efforts and example of those who came before them, a new generation will be inspired and encouraged by the spirit and achievements of this remarkable group.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|Because their example is powerful, they're somewhat responsible for the weaklings who copy them.
Jeffrey Toobin, The Nine: Inside the Secret World of the Supreme Court|Rehnquist was just reflecting his shifting role, from outsider to the institutional embodiment of the Court.
Heather Simmons|Knowing that an asteroid is going to hit the earth is not really useful if you are not planning to launch missiles to knock it out of the sky. You have to work massively overtime on the belief that innovation or massive change is going to happen.' — Tom Martin, former VP of marketing
Heather Simmons, Reinventing Dell|Nobody thought the direct business model would work. But work it did, and spectacularly. Until it didn’t. And therein lies the tale.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|If you fall into a pit, you need a ladder, not a hoe. You must climb up and not dig up. Leaders discover the right way out of limitations.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders do not conform; they reform. If you conform, you are nurturing mediocrity. If you reform, you are breeding change.
Unarine Ramaru|Respect is not an obligation nor a favour, it takes a bigger person to give or show some whether it is returned or not.
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|John Hay on Lincoln: "He always worked with things as they were, while never relinquishing the desire to make them better.
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|John Hay indicates that dealing with people directly as a holder of political office "requires a stronger heart and a more obedient nervous system than I possess.
Matthew Donnelly|Leaders don't walk in front, nor do they walk behind. They walk on completely different paths on the journey of intuition. The road that has never been taken. And so they lead.
Richie Norton|When everyone has a microphone, you can't hear anything. Choose one voice carefully and listen in.
DeWayne Owens|You can easily miss out on the joy of today by worrying about the “what if’s” of tomorrow. Tomorrow is not guaranteed, so bask in the joy of the day and tomorrows “what if’s” will take care of themselves.
Michael Lum|Simply thinking creatively is not the same as being innovative, and only those who risk breaking out of their comfort zone by putting thought into action will discover the profusion of opportunity that exists.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders do not play a "what if game". They believe it will be and work it to be! Success is scarce because fear is common.
Unarine Ramaru|The only relevance worth to pursue, is living your passion through your interests.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders' major question is "why". If they lose, they ask "why". If they win, they ask "why". Their "whys" weave their wonders.
Unarine Ramaru|Get attached to your dreams; The but to that statement is, be open to all possibilities in your mission.
Unarine Ramaru|It is easier to fall off the ladder once you on top, the balance is being aware of your environment.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders are interested in gains. However, they acknowledge that there is no gain without pain. They embrace the pain.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Bridges take people across rivers. Leaders take people across ignorance. With a leader, the destination of a journey is sure.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders will love to be poor and see their people rich, than to be rich and see their people poor. This is their mission.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|By constant practices, deliberate repetitions and uninterrupted exercises, leaders go from zero to hero. They don't quit.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|If you're determined to stand, nothing can move you. If you're determined to move, nothing can stop you. Determination is the key!
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|So often in the church, being a pastor or a "spiritual leader" means being the example of  "godly living." A pastor is supposed to be the person who is really good at this Christianity stuff — the person others can look to as an example of righteousness. But as much as being the person who is the best Christian, who "follows Jesus" the most closely can feel a little seductive, it's simply never been who I am or who my parishioners need me to be. I'm not running after Jesus. Jesus is running my ass down. Yeah, I am a leader, but I'm leading them onto the street to get hit by the speeding bus of confession and absolution, sin and sainthood, death and resurrection — that is, the gospel of  Jesus Christ. I'm a leader, but only by saying, "Oh, screw it. I'll go first.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|People either build a castle or a dungeon. The former by their virtues, pull people into positive edifices with gainful impression. The later by their vices, push people into negative huts with painful oppression.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Pride, anger and hatred are fruits from the same garden that poison the world when ripe. A leader cultivates no such fruits.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Words do less than 10 things, but actions do more than 10 thousand things. Leaders don’t talk in vain; they follow with actions.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Greed squeezes your dreams into a portable size, so that failure can easily carry them to dump somewhere.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders find something to die for, not something to live on. If you haven't found something to die for yet, you can't lead.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|A chief is a man who assumes responsibility. He says 'I was beaten', he does not say 'My men were beaten.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders don't pray to God for money. They simply ask for His grace to solve problems. By solving problems, the money comes.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Your relationships will either empower you to overcome obstacles, or put fears in you so you can run away from them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Until you do your best, don't try to take a rest. Until you take a leap, don't try to sleep. Until you top, don't try to stop.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders are solutions conscious. They don’t complain. You would find them repeating this common question; “how will it be done, and by who?
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders inform, inspire and improve people. They educate, empower and enrich the value of their followers. They make impacts.
Orrin Woodward|People buy into leaders through the 3R's of Leadership: Relationship, Reason, and Results.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Why ships won't use roads, is why cars won't travel on oceans. When the position is wrong, the leader won't be right.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|A leader isn't born after 9 months' conception. When talents are discovered, skills are mastered & values are developed, a leader is born.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|If you see a leader solving one conflict wisely, remember he is working hard to prevent 10 of such from happening!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|If you want to be a leader, don't stand on the toes of dwarfs. Mount the shoulders of giants and you will see further.
Lynne Olson, Citizens of London: The Americans who Stood with Britain in its Darkest, Finest Hour|In being able to learn from his mistakes and grow, Eisenhower "was transformed from a mere person into a personage.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|To become a leader, renovate your mind with painting of peace and roof your heart with ceiling of love. No love, no leader!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Teamwork is the best ever investment. If I make 3 and you make 5, together we will not make 8. We will make 15. Leaders build active teams.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|It’s is good you are about something. But wait and ask, “why and how?”. Without “whys and hows”, not every energetic movement can be called progress.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders don't fall in gutters of fear; only negative ideas flow in that canal. There, you will see filthy things like doubts and disbelief.
Patrick L.O. Lumumba|I believe that we have reached a stage in life in the economic development of Africa where moving forward is perilous, moving backwards is cowardice and standing still is suicidal but we must persevere because winners do not quit and quitter never win.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|People who sneer at a half a loaf of bread have never been hungry." George Reedy
William Manchester, The Last Lion 2: Winston Spencer Churchill: Alone, 1932-40|They were following their prime minister, matching their government's mood.
Israelmore Ayivor|Teamwork is the best ever investment. If I make 3 and you make 5, together we will not make 8. We will make 15. Leaders build active teams!
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|He not only had the gift of “reading” men and women, of seeing into their hearts, he also had the gift of putting himself in their place, of not just seeing what they felt but of feeling what they felt, almost as if what had happened to them had happened to him, too.
William Manchester, The Last Lion 2: Winston Spencer Churchill: Alone, 1932-40|The author points out that novices to total war, and this Hitler and the British press have in common, overreact to daily events and lose sight of overall strategy.
Herman Melville|Now, as you well know, it is not seldom the case in this conventional world of ours - watery or otherwise; that when a person placed in command over his fellow-men finds one of them to be very significantly his superior in general pride of manhood, straightway against that man he conceives an unconquerable dislike and bitterness; and if he have a chance he will pull down and pulverize that subaltern's tower, and make a little heap of dust of it.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|As the sun rises first on mountain-tops and gilds them with his light, and presents one of the most charming sights to the eye of the traveller; so is it one of the most delightful contemplations in the world to mark the glow of the Spirit's light on the head of some saint, who has risen up in spiritual stature.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|With Johnson, you never quite knew if he was out to lift your heart or your wallet. Roy Wilkins
Sunday Adelaja|Take for instance, a society where the prevailing value system is that you only go into politics and leadership to serve and not to make money. In such a nation, people know that those who go into politics and leadership come out of it poorer than they went in.
James Emlund|The specialty in all life is expecting the exception, while ignorant of real acceptance, until unexpectedly you re-witness your own ignorance to 'be' the cause that awakens others. One does not do this yesterday, or today. You do this with expressing honesty everyday.
William A.  Adams, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|The structure of our identity determines how we show up as a leader, how we deploy ourselves into circumstances.
William A.  Adams, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|Great leadership has more to do with character, courage, and conviction than it does with specific skills or competencies.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|In leadership, the way up is down. Serve before you get served
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The better we serve, the greater the fulfilment.
Eraldo Banovac|If your endeavors result in success of the company in a continuity of atleast a few years, you are a successful manager. If other companies followyour business approach, you are certainly an important manager withleader characteristics.
Brad Lomenick|A leaders job is to shepherd, not necessarily to always shine.
Eraldo Banovac|If you are born to lead, be a leader!
Bob   Anderson, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|Once a good model gets inside you, it can inform and guide you throughout a lifetime.
Bob   Anderson, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|When we step into positions of leadership, we make a whole set of promises we may not know we are making.
Bob   Anderson, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|When direction and meaning are confined to Executive Leadership, value is minimized.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Instead I take the lead, Tobias silent at my side, and though he does not touch me, he steadies me.
William A.  Adams, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|When a Promise of Leadership is neglected or unfulfilled, trust is broken, engagement erodes, and performance suffers.
Shannon L. Alder|Your need to feel significant will never be met, until you can conquer your fear and manage your focus.
Kenneth H. Blanchard, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|When people don't know what’s going on, it’s human nature for them to imagine a version that’s ten times worse than the truth!
Kenneth H. Blanchard, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|Once leaders embrace the role of coach, they realize the weight of leadership is now balanced between themselves and their direct reports.
Jane Ripley, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|As a leader, it's your job to get everyone to share what they know.
Eunice Parisi-Carew, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|People need to feel safe to be who they are—to speak up when they have an idea, or to speak out when they feel something isn't right.
Eunice Parisi-Carew, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|When people feel trusted, they'll begin to understand they are contributors--and you'll get great ideas and happy people.
Steve Maraboli|Map out lofty goals… include reasonable checkpoints along the way... refine, improve, and enhance your behavior in alignment with your goals…. that is the dynamic of true leadership and the formula for success.
Eunice Parisi-Carew, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|Perceive conflict as positive, creative, and issue driven. Don't allow personal attacks.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you put your heart into everything you do, you will recreate yourself.
Ken Liu, The Grace of Kings|A little self-doubt is a good thing," said Jia, "but not excessive doubt. Sometimes we live up to the stories others tell about us.
Steve Maraboli|The art of effective leadership is about navigating the dynamics of growth and success… holding a vision and leading a team, but arriving at the same time.
Steve Maraboli|Stagnancy will suffocate a business… Leadership must be dynamic and evolving to ensure successful growth, enhancement, and longevity.
Steve Maraboli|With automobile accidents, mechanical failure is seldom the cause; and most often, operator error. I find the same to be true with corporate failings…. the people are rarely the issue… the shortcoming is most often found in the leadership.
DeWayne Owens|Don’t just timidly swing at the problems in your life, swing hard enough to knock them out! Small efforts produce small results, big efforts produce big results!
William R. Forstchen, One Year After|John’s standard maneuver to ask someone to help him, especially in a moment of crisis,
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|He is not the leader of great causes, but the broker of little ones.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|He did not falter, as long as there was a path that led toward his goal.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Reliance in its most basic, daily, form is being part of a group that lives by a pact: To always have each other’s backs — no matter what — so that everyone comes out future strong.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Reliance in its purest, highest, form is a code to live by: That every life matters. Every future matters. Taking care of each other matters. And our shared purpose is to create amazing futures for our children’s children.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|If you want to lead others into a strong future: You need to be keenly aware of how your own inner truths — biases, fears, courage, values and dreams — do or do not impact the daily work of others.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Your career will include thousands of opportunities to transform yourself. Many will disrupt all that you have built. Each is an opportunity to choose to be vulnerable, to let go, to be reborn.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|All the statistics about how many jobs you’ll have over your lifetime… (15-20) and how many companies you’ll work for… while true, completely miss the point! From now on, treat those numbers as red herrings — crucial only to HR directors, leaders and companies who are stuck in the past. The Rule of Disruptive Personal Transformation: Every year, you will experience about 100 significant transformative moments. Most will be thrust upon you by the disruptive churn of our times.Driven, focused people know which 3—5 to seize each year	as crucial to their future.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future strong individuals will not take on personal sacrifices, hardships and corporate crap that sidetrack them from their dreams and goals.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|To be future strong, you will face difficult hardships. Usually, there is no absolutely right or absolutely wrong choice. The key is to be intentional: Choosing the best hardships for your best future.
Bill Jensen|People should not have to sacrifice so much of their personal lives, hopes, dreams and goals just to keep up with corporate pressured morebetterfaster. And tomorrow’s workforce won’t.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future Strong leaders are driven by a core question: What do I want my legacy to be? That requires a lot of searching one’s inner truths, and being brutally honest about how that compares to one’s daily actions.
John Doerr|You talk to leadership in China, and THEY are all the engineers. They get what is going on immediately. The Americans don't because they're all lawyers.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Tomorrow’s workforce is flopping the relationship lens: They see companies as vehicles to achieve their goals and dreams — vehicles that can amplify their passions, achievements and community relationships beyond what they could have done on their own or elsewhere. Companies that they will join are seen as communities that explore and resource and fund making a difference in the world in ways that align with their personal approach and values.
Stephen L. Carter, Back Channel|He had been around politicians for a long time, and he was prepared for some outburst.
Stephen L. Carter, Back Channel|In spite of his Cold War credentials, Kennedy still believed in the power of words.
Bill Jensen|Future strong is adventurous self-mastery. Unlocking your future by running toward the unknown, with the wondrous soul of a child and the drive of a force that will not be stopped.
Steve Maraboli|Leadership is a mindset in which one is unapologetically driven towards their goals and in behaving accordingly, inspires those around them to join in.
Steve Maraboli|Leadership is the bridge of integrity that connects goals, desires, and actions.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|The biggest, toughest competition in the future will be the battle for your time and attention. Your one thing — your call to adventure — is your best tool in that battle.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Loyalty — deep, intense, devoted loyalty — to a leader or a culture, to any group, brand or idea, goes far beyond being engaged or having our needs met. We see our emotional selves in that connection. We see our future, our best selves and our better angels in that connection.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Do not wait for vulnerability to be thrust upon you by your company or the marketplace. That is when you lost control of your own destiny. Choose to disrupt yourself. Seek vulnerability on your terms, no one else's.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future strong leadership means being willing to stand alone. Often, the times we feel most vulnerable are when we stand alone, before others join us. When we choose to be the first voice echoing above the silence. Standing strong, alone.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future strong is grace, kindness, and gratitude within a pressure cooker.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future shackled is when tomorrow is anchored, boxed and managed to maximize the minimizing of uncertainty.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Instead of getting the leaders we deserve, we can an abundance of ShitRollsDownhill Shovelers, ShitCatchers, and NewShitCreators.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|We each must do a better job of choosing which hardships are best for our future, not just for the company's.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Far too much horrific wast of human capacity is disguised as order, predictability, and minimizing uncertainty.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Embracing personal vulnerability is required if you wish to work, play and succeed in the future.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Before tomorrow becomes your legacy, come the choices you must make today.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|To understand what makes you future strong, and what being strong means, is to understand how and why you make choices.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future strong builds actions upon reflection, questions, curiosity, seeking to understand root causes and systemic connections.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future strong strives for simplicity for all:Least amount of individual effort, energy and time to create maximum impact by each person.
Bill Jensen|If you are a senior executive, you need to embrace each individual’s right to choose his or her own hardships — and you must talk about that openly, candidly.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Everyone has a right to a strong and independent future: All of us have the right, and personal obligation, to choose whether or not company-driven hardships and sacrifices, overall, are shackling or strengthening our future. And to keep that right, each of us must be our own best advocate.
Michele Jennae, CHARGE! The Patchwork Rhino|Leaders step up, even when they feel like hiding. And they do so because they care.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|You live, work and lead others in the most exciting time, ever! Are you strong enough?
Michele Jennae, CHARGE! The Patchwork Rhino|If we don’t communicate, we certainly can’t get much done and if we don’t communicate authentically, what we get done is less effective.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|No matter how crazed you get, no matter what pressures you're under, no matter who needs what by yesterday... Always remember: everything you do uses a portion of someone else's life.
Gunbir Singh|Significant is the doer, the rest just watch!
Dan Jones, The Wars of the Roses: The Fall of the Plantagenets and the Rise of the Tudors|The king's "only interest in government was a pious but simpleminded desire for reproachment
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Despite several millennia of building best business practices, despite all the analysis and planning, and forced discipline and structure, what makes us human will never be cleaved from how work gets done.
Carolyn  Taylor, Walking The Talk|The key difference between captain and coach? The latter’s opportunities for influence come at moments when play isn't happening,
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Choosing to know yourself deeply hands you a torch to see beyond yourself, into the future. Into a strong future.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|What's your one thing? When you pause long enough to hear its heartbeat, your one thing will take your breath away. When you pause long enough to feel it, your eyes will tear up or you won't be able to stop smiling, dancing and having a blast!
DeWayne Owens|Striving for successful goals will have a tendency at times to be discouraging, thankless, and mentally draining. You are entitled to these feelings, however you are not entitled to give up.
Ashish Patel|When manipulation flutters around everywhere, neither pull nor push anyone. Just do one thing - don't trust anyone!
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|The only principle which will make you more content, less bitter is to live a life that has "Less excuses, more results. Less distraction, more focus. Less me, more we. Live with "Gratitude" not with "Greytitude
Charles Murray, Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960-2010|Regardless of whether people have free will, human flourishing requires that they live in an environment in which they are treated as if they did.
Angie  Morgan|Any goal, no matter what size, can be achieved if it is tackled with courage, initiative, perseverance, and integrity.
Douglas Brinkley, Cronkite|Cronkite is not a genius at anything except being straight, honest, and normal.
Angie  Morgan|All progress begins with a decision. Effective leadership requires decisive action. Embrace the process of deciding, yet recognize when you have reached a choice point.
DeWayne Owens|Trust and believe in the vision of your mind that others cannot yet see. While others abide by the creed that seeing is believing, you must know that believing is seeing.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|Expect progress, not perfection.
Harrison Owen|Leadership … is a collective and constantly redistributed function, and not the private property of the few or The One.
Adele Faber, How to Talk So Kids Will Listen & Listen So Kids Will Talk|The challenge for us is to find some response that actually inspires change rather than clinging to the old ways that cause resentment, and more importantly, distract from the real problem.
Courtney Lynch|At Lead Star, we believe that leadership can help you create a better workplace, a better life, and a better you.
Robert Greenleaf|It begins with the natural feeling that one wants to serve, to serve first. Then conscious choice brings one to aspire to lead. That person is sharply different from one who is leader first, perhaps because ofthe need to assuage an unusual power drive.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Around the world, the perception and reality of corruption and bad governance in public places remains very high. But it isn’t just in governments that these are found; they can permeate through society, where they are rampant in private enterprises and even religious institutions. We need to deal with the causes, not just consequences. You will need to play your role, both as a good example as well as part of the social police force. Cultures and beliefs must change at a personal level as well as at institutional levels.
Admiral Grace Hopper|You manage things, you lead people.
Angie  Morgan, Leading From the Front: No-Excuse Leadership Tactics for Women|True leadership is not defined by notoriety, power, prestige, status, or job title.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Creating the right mind-set and a positive attitude today, will help you to start crafting a clear plan of how you intend to make your life a success.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|A leadership comfort zone brings stagnancy, deprives one of innovation, stifles growth and frustrates both the leader and the team they lead. Your personal preferences like leadership style, communication style, prejudices, habits and mannerisms must be effectively managed so that they do not work against you. You have to be careful that your strengths do not end up becoming a hindering comfort zone. Seek to lead, driven by a cause.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Realise your Stewardship role as a parent – you raise children to offer a quality gift to society. Even your spouse should not be treated as an object or possession you own; support them to be the best of what they were created to be. Do your part and trust God for the rest. If you have empowered them, trust them to be responsible.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Empower your children - Allow self-discovery and self-awareness (their own key to success), Facilitate an environment for learning through experience (practice of knowledge acquired). Remember, this exploration will take place whether you approve or not – it’s inevitable, that’s why YOU MUST be in charge of providing awareness and exposure to improve the quality of decisions made during exploration and experimentation.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Having a succession and legacy plan in place will make you ready for forced changes due to circumstances beyond your control, like death, any form of incapacity, sudden changes in laws and regulations and even corporate scandals and moral failure.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Passing the baton - Oh what a challenge this has proven to be in many societies, families, businesses, governments, religious organizations and obviously in every other relay race! Why do this? - for starters, you will not live forever – how about that? After a given mileage, even a car will need new tyres!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Leadership success means your mission and vision must outlive you, but this will not happen by accident. We have enough stories around us to prove that lasting legacies have to be well managed, planned and structured for continuity. If not, you will carry your name, success and influence to the grave, only leaving short-lived memories of your achievements and impact.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Start planning from your internal or spiritual view of things. The external view always has a way of distorting, discouraging and limiting your dream.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|When you have pictured and defined your desired legacy, allow your present life activities and efforts to begin reflecting the future you desire. Begin to do what you want to see, become involved in the causes you want to be a part of. Show your legatees how you want and expect things to be done after you are gone. This will enable them to fit the vision into their own as they make their own individual unique mark.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|A leader, who divides his own people, contaminates his platform and begins to destroy his own territory.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Release children as part of your delegated leadership influence - this will enable you to leave a legacy worth noting. Realise the risk in delegation and bestowing this trust - if you sacrifice a rib, you expose your heart to possible pain, hurt or pride, fulfilment and joy. When these come – it’s not the end of the world, be brave enough to face the challenge with a positive attitude.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|There are batons that you will obviously choose to pass on, upon your death, but there are others that would be advisable you pass on whilst you are still alive. Implement as practicable as possible, all succession elements that can be done whilst you are still alive so that you can ensure they are done according to your will/desire.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Do not do everything for your children – teach them personal responsibility and accountability. This includes using your home environment – the kitchen, the garden, making their room/bed, chores – as training platforms. Prepare them to be independent.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Open the door for communication and interact with your children. Provide the answers (if you don’t know, look for them or get expert advice). Guide them on how to deal with other sources of information – friends, TV, other media, society or the internet. Coaching empowers them to make their own informed, quality decisions.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Timing is a critical issue when it comes to succession. Passing the baton too early or too late could both cause irreparable damage. The timing just has to be right, but again you are responsible for creating or influencing the right conditions over the course of your leadership tenure.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|It’s about teamwork, realizing we are on the same side and complementing each other. The family is at its best when exposed to and engaged in high-quality environments, interactions, and relationships. This is not technological or economic quality – it is leadership and effectiveness quality. Children mature best when the adults in their life work in partnership with one another. There must exist important aligning of mission, beliefs, values and behaviours within the family unit.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|A leader must produce other leaders. Why do you want to produce followers, when by being called a leader the assumption is that you already have followers? Influence those who follow to birth their kind and develop others to lead.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Begin to invest in productive capacity, and the ability to see people flying or shining on the platform you have set for them in support of your vision. You need to draw the best out of them so that the reach and impact of your vision becomes phenomenal. See them as your extension, the multiplication of the tentacles of your vision and mission – sometimes when they shine, they are not trying to replace you at all, they are trying to be a “little you” somewhere you cannot be, as you focus on other key strategic issues elsewhere.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Alignment of vision, mission, values and attitudes need to be matched between you and those you choose to surround yourself with. The cost of training or replacing will be very minimal and less painful if recruitment, selection and positioning are done well. This applies even to general employment processes, whether at leadership or staff levels.
Anuranjita Kumar, Can I have it all?|At leadership levels, consider choosing your managers as much as the role. Your success is closely linked to how you manage this relationship strategically!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|It is the challenge for every leader to develop and invest in those he depends on, to ensure his or her vision is realized in the way it has been put upon the leader’s heart. These key people will enhance the success or taint the leadership image and brand of the visionary.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You choose the leaders and place them strategically around the table of your vision and mission. They are already around you because of some degree of loyalty, so if you continue putting 80% effort in enhancing loyalty that already exists, you will end up going into overkill and igniting a toxic level of internal office politics that was not originally existent in your organisation.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Change in leadership brands must be influenced and proactively effected at a personal level, it can never be forced from outside with sustainable effectiveness. Saddam Hussein, Muammar al Gaddafi and Hosni Mubarak are all political trophies, yet the effects of the military or “civil” initiatives that toppled them, are nothing to be proud of considering what continues to happen in countries like Iraq, Libya, Egypt and Syria, after the use of force to bring political change.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The African Challenge - We must end conflict in Africa. We must lead to allow the Africans to enjoy the benefits from their natural resources. We must end poverty in Africa. Every African must be educated, have access to health care and a fair chance to fulfil their dream. Preventable sickness and disease must not reduce life expectancy or rob pregnant women of a chance to continue living. Africa must develop. Africa must not depend on foreign aid. Africa must be united and governed more effectively. Africa must customize her leadership culture and philosophy in a way that gives her global relevance and respect but still remain true and authentic to herself. Will you accept the challenge? Will you be that Africa?
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|If in this generation, you still consider yourself the only one who knows or who has the capacity to make a difference, it’s a shame because you are delaying this leadership excellence train from reaching its destination. Make a decision to change your leadership philosophy and agenda today!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Every leader must be challenged to educate their followers and capacitate them with knowledge, tools and a voice to champion their own causes and become actively involved in setting the agenda for citizen participation in social transformation. Don’t create a dependent constituency; develop and lead other leaders who demonstrate a growing personal responsibility for their own success as well as for those around them.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The lack of knowledge on the part of followers perpetuates a culture of abuse by bad leadership. Every day, issues are being endorsed in the name of standing for the ignorant masses, only to benefit those who sponsor the agendas. Priorities are set and resources allocated, never to benefit or reach those cited as the underlying justification for sourcing the funds or setting the priorities.
Anaïs Nin|I am an excitable person who only understands life lyrically, musically, in whom feelings are much stronger as reason. I am so thirsty for the marvelous that only the marvelous has power over me. Anything I can not transform into something marvelous, I let go. Reality doesn't impress me. I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me, I escape, one way or another. No more walls.
Edgar Degas|Art is not what you see, but what you make others see.
Karl Lagerfeld|What i like about photographs is that they capture a moment that’s gone forever, impossible to reproduce.
Paul Klee|One eye sees, the other feels.
Ansel Adams|When words become unclear, I shall focus with photographs. When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
Ansel Adams|You don't make a photograph just with a camera. You bring to the act of photography all the pictures you have seen, the books you have read, the music you have heard, the people you have loved.
Pablo Picasso|When I was a child my mother said to me, 'If you become a soldier, you'll be a general. If you become a monk, you'll be the pope.' Instead I became a painter and wound up as Picasso.
Pablo Picasso|There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into sun
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter.
Diane Arbus|A picture is a secret about a secret, the more it tells you the less you know.
John Lennon|If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.
Lady Gaga|And now, I'm just trying to change the world, one sequin at a time.
Martha Graham|There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and will be lost.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|An artist's only concern is to shoot for some kind of perfection, and on his own terms, not anyone else's.
Anton Chekhov|The role of the artist is to ask questions, not answer them.
Ansel Adams|You don't take a photograph, you make it.
Ossie Davis|Any form of art is a form of power; it has impact, it can affect change – it can not only move us, it makes us move.
Martha Graham|There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all of time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and it will be lost. The world will not have it. It is not your business to determine how good it is nor how valuable nor how it compares with other expressions. It is your business to keep it yours clearly and directly, to keep the channel open. You do not even have to believe in yourself or your work. You have to keep yourself open and aware to the urges that motivate you. Keep the channel open. ... No artist is pleased. [There is] no satisfaction whatever at any time. There is only a queer divine dissatisfaction, a blessed unrest that keeps us marching and makes us more alive than the others
Toni Morrison, Sula|Like any artist without an art form, she became dangerous.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Art, like morality, consists of drawing the line somewhere.
James     Baldwin|All art is a kind of confession, more or less oblique. All artists, if they are to survive, are forced, at last, to tell the whole story; to vomit the anguish up.
Walt Whitman|The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity.
Kate Morton, The House at Riverton|It is a cruel, ironical art, photography. The dragging of captured moments into the future; moments that should have been allowed to be evaporate into the past; should exist only in memories, glimpsed through the fog of events that came after. Photographs force us to see people before their future weighed them down....
Ansel Adams|A great photograph is one that fully expresses what one feels, in the deepest sense, about what is being photographed.
Henri Cartier-Bresson|Your first 10,000 photographs are your worst.
Friedrich Nietzsche|If you know the why, you can live any how.
Émile Zola|The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
Nicholas Sparks, The Choice|You gotta know when to be lazy. Done correctly, it's an art form that benefits everyone.
Pablo Picasso|What do you think an artist is? ...he is a political being, constantly aware of the heart breaking, passionate, or delightful things that happen in the world, shaping himself completely in their image. Painting is not done to decorate apartments. It is an instrument of war.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|All forms of madness, bizarre habits, awkwardness in society, general clumsiness, are justified in the person who creates good art.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|The job is what you do when you are told what to do. The job is showing up at the factory, following instructions, meeting spec, and being managed.Someone can always do your job a little better or faster or cheaper than you can.The job might be difficult, it might require skill, but it's a job.Your art is what you do when no one can tell you exactly how to do it. Your art is the act of taking personal responsibility, challenging the status quo, and changing people.I call the process of doing your art 'the work.' It's possible to have a job and do the work, too. In fact, that's how you become a linchpin.The job is not the work.
Billy Joel|I am no longer afraid of becoming lost, because the journey back always reveals something new, and that is ultimately good for the artist.
Friedrich Nietzsche|For art to exist, for any sort of aesthetic activity or perception to exist, a certain physiological precondition is indispensable: intoxication.
Yann Arthus-Bertrand, Earth from Above|The Earth is Art, The Photographer is only a Witness 
Frank Zappa|Art is making something out of nothing, and selling it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Dream delivers us to dream, and there is no end to illusion. Life is like a train of moods like a string of beads, and, as we pass through them, they prove to be many-colored lenses which paint the world their own hue. . . . 
Claude Monet|Color is my daylong obsession, joy, and torment.
John Paul II|Artistic talent is a gift from God and whoever discovers it in himself has a certain obligation: to know that he cannot waste this talent, but must develop it.
Ann Patchett, Bel Canto|Some people are born to make great art and others are born to appreciate it. … It is a kind of talent in itself, to be an audience, whether you are the spectator in the gallery or you are listening to the voice of the world's greatest soprano. Not everyone can be the artist. There have to be those who witness the art, who love and appreciate what they have been privileged to see.
Noam Chomsky|It is quite possible--overwhelmingly probable, one might guess--that we will always learn more about human life and personality from novels than from scientific psychology
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|After a few months in my parents' basement, I took an apartment near the state university, where I discovered both crystal methamphetamine and conceptual art. Either one of these things are dangerous, but in combination they have the potential to destroy entire civilizations.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I make art, sometimes I make true art, and sometimes it fills the empty places in my life. Some of them. Not all.
George Bernard Shaw|Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.
Christina Westover, Precipice|The more you love,the more love you have to give.It's the only feeling we have which is infinite...
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|Everyone has their own ways of expression. I believe we all have a lot to say, but finding ways to say it is more than half the battle.
Andy Warhol|Don't think about making art, just get it done. Let everyone else decide if it's good or bad, whether they love it or hate it. While they are deciding, make even more art.
Raymond Chandler|Without magic, there is no art. Without art, there is no idealism. Without idealism, there is no integrity. Without integrity, there is nothing but production.
Stephen King, Misery|Writers remember everything...especially the hurts. Strip a writer to the buff, point to the scars, and he'll tell you the story of each small one. From the big ones you get novels. A little talent is a nice thing to have if you want to be a writer, but the only real requirement is the ability to remember the story of every scar.Art consists of the persistence of memory.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|The art is not one of forgetting but letting go. And when everything else is gone, you can be rich in loss.
Charles Baudelaire|Evil is committed without effort, naturally, fatally; goodness is always the product of some art.
Henry James, The Middle Years|We work in the dark - we do what we can - we give what we have. Our doubt is our passion, and our passion is our task. The rest is the madness of art.
Meg Cabot, All-American Girl|Because when you love something, you want to do it all the time, even if no one is paying you for it. At least that's how I felt about drawing.
Nan Goldin|I used to think that I could never lose anyone if I photographed them enough. In fact, my pictures show me how much I’ve lost.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|It starts with this: put your desk in the corner, and every time you sit down there to write, remind yourself why it isn't in the middle of the room. Life isn't a support system for art. It's the other way around.
Pablo Casals|Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart..
Henry Ward Beecher|Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|...as we rise from the organic and sink back ignominiously into the organic, it is a glory and a privilege to love what Death doesn't touch.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|To write is to forget. Literature is the most agreeable way of ignoring life. Music soothes, the visual arts exhilarates, the performing arts (such as acting and dance) entertain. Literature, however, retreats from life by turning in into slumber. The other arts make no such retreat— some because they use visible and hence vital formulas, others because they live from human life itself. This isn't the case with literature. Literature simulates life. A novel is a story of what never was, a play is a novel without narration. A poem is the expression of ideas or feelings a language no one uses, because no one talks in verse.
Shane L. Koyczan|If your heart is broken, make art with the pi
Seth Godin|Art is what we call...the thing an artist does.It's not the medium or the oil or the price or whether it hangs on a wall or you eat it. What matters, what makes it art, is that the person who made it overcame the resistance, ignored the voice of doubt and made something worth making. Something risky. Something human.Art is not in the ...eye of the beholder. It's in the soul of the artist.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|When Van Gogh was a young man in his early twenties, he was in London studying to be a clergyman. He had no thought of being an artist at all. he sat in his cheap little room writing a letter to his younger brother in Holland, whom he loved very much. He looked out his window at a watery twilight, a thin lampost, a star, and he said in his letter something like this: "it is so beautiful I must show you how it looks." And then on his cheap ruled note paper, he made the most beautiful, tender, little drawing of it. When I read this letter of Van Gogh's it comforted me very much and seemed to throw a clear light on the whole road of Art. Before, I thought that to produce a work of painting or literature, you scowled and thought long and ponderously and weighed everything solemnly and learned everything that all artists had ever done aforetime, and what their influences and schools were, and you were extremely careful about *design* and *balance* and getting *interesting planes* into your painting, and avoided, with the most astringent severity, showing the faintest *acedemical* tendency, and were strictly modern. And so on and so on.But the moment I read Van Gogh's letter I knew what art was, and the creative impulse. It is a feeling of love and enthusiasm for something, and in a direct, simple, passionate and true way, you try to show this beauty in things to others, by drawing it.And Van Gogh's little drawing on the cheap note paper was a work of art because he loved the sky and the frail lamppost against it so seriously that he made the drawing with the most exquisite conscientiousness and care. 
Banksy, Wall and Piece|People say graffiti is ugly, irresponsible and childish... but that's only if it's done properly.
Christian Dior|By being natural and sincere, one often can create revolutions without having sought them.
Jack Kerouac|If critics say your work stinks it's because they want it to stink and they can make it stink by scaring you into conformity with their comfortable little standards. Standards so low that they can no longer be considered "dangerous" but set in place in their compartmental understandings.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Anybody can look at a pretty girl and see a pretty girl. An artist can look at a pretty girl and see the old woman she will become. A better artist can look at an old woman and see the pretty girl that she used to be. But a great artist--a master--and that is what Auguste Rodin was--can look at an old woman, portray her exactly as she is . . . and force the viewer to see the pretty girl she used to be . . . and more than that, he can make anyone with the sensitivity of an armadillo, or even you, see that this lovely young girl is still alive, not old and ugly at all, but simply prisoned inside her ruined body.
Oscar Wilde|It is through art, and through art only, that we can realise our perfection.
Federico Fellini|I don’t like the idea of “understanding” a film. I don’t believe that rational understanding is an essential element in the reception of any work of art. Either a film has something to say to you or it hasn’t. If you are moved by it, you don’t need it explained to you. If not, no explanation can make you moved by it.
Kiera Cass, The One|I love you beyond paint, beyond melodies, beyond words. And I hope you will always feel that, even when I'm not around to tell you so.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|The muses are ghosts, and sometimes they come uninvited.
Kevin Smith, Tough Shit: Life Advice from a Fat, Lazy Slob Who Did Good|Remember: It costs nothing to encourage an artist, and the potential benefits are staggering. A pat on the back to an artist now could one day result in your favorite film, or the cartoon you love to get stoned watching, or the song that saves your life. Discourage an artist, you get absolutely nothing in return, ever.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|This is wonderful, wonderful! Be the bird. You are the bird. Sacrifice yourself to abandoned family values....
Willa Cather|What was any art but a mold to imprison for a moment the shining elusive element which is life itself- life hurrying past us and running away, to strong to stop, too sweet to lose.
E.M. Forster|Works of art, in my opinion, are the only objects in the material universe to possess internal order, and that is why, though I don't believe that only art matters, I do believe in Art for Art's sake.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Wampeters, Foma and Granfalloons|Artists use frauds to make human beings seem more wonderful than they really are. Dancers show us human beings who move much more gracefully than human beings really move. Films and books and plays show us people talking much more entertainingly than people really talk, make paltry human enterprises seem important. Singers and musicians show us human beings making sounds far more lovely than human beings really make. Architects give us temples in which something marvelous is obviously going on. Actually, practically nothing is going on.
Barbara Kingsolver|If we can't, as artists, improve on real life, we should put down our pencils and go bake bread.
Anatole France|In art as in love, instinct is enough. 
Salvador Dalí|People love mystery, and that is why they love my paintings.
Henry Miller|Whoever uses the spirit that isin him creatively is an artist. Tomake living itself an art, that isthe goal.
Toni Morrison|Black literature is taught as sociology, as tolerance, not as a serious, rigorous art form.
Jonathan Lethem, You Don't Love Me Yet|I want what we all want," said Carl. "To move certain parts of the interior of myself into the exterior world, to see if they can be embraced.
Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt|[…] Everyone tries to make his life a work of art. We want love to last and we know that it does not last; even if, by some miracle, it were to last a whole lifetime, it would still be incomplete. Perhaps, in this insatiable need for perpetuation, we should better understand human suffering, if we knew that it was eternal. It appears that great minds are, sometimes, less horrified by suffering than by the fact that it does not endure. In default of inexhaustible happiness, eternal suffering would at least give us a destiny. But we do not even have that consolation, and our worst agonies come to an end one day. One morning, after many dark nights of despair, an irrepressible longing to live will announce to us the fact that all is finished and that suffering has no more meaning than happiness.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|A fine work of art - music, dance, painting, story - has the power to silence the chatter in the mind and lift us to another place.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Art is the process of evoking pity and terror, which is not abstract at all but very human. What the self-styled modern artists are doing is a sort of unemotional pseudointellectual masturbation . . . whereas creative art is more like intercourse, in which the artist must seduce -- render emotional -- his audience, each time.
Robert Henri|The object isn't to make art, it's to be in that wonderful state which makes art inevitable.
Leo Tolstoy, What Is Art?|The business of art lies just in this, -- to make that understood and felt which, in the form of an argument, might be incomprehensible and inaccessible.
Stephen Sondheim|Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos. 
Thomas Bernhard, Woodcutters|You've always lived a life of pretense, not a real life-- a simulated existence, not a genuine existence. Everything about you, everything you are, has always been pretense, never genuine, never real.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|When any civilization is dust and ashes," he said, "art is all that's left over. Images, words, music. Imaginative structures. Meaning—human meaning, that is—is defined by them. You have to admit that.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|One wanted, she thought, dipping her brush deliberately, to be on a level with ordinary experience, to feel simply that's a chair, that's a table, and yet at the same time, It's a miracle, it's an ecstasy.
Andrei Tarkovsky|It is obvious that art cannot teach anyone anything, since in four thousand years humanity has learnt nothing at all. We should long ago have become angels had we been capable of paying attention to the experience of art, and allowing ourselves to be changed in accordance with the ideals it expresses. Art only has the capacity, through shock and catharsis, to make the human soul receptive to good. It’s ridiculous to imagine that people can be taught to be good…Art can only give food – a jolt – the occasion – for psychical experience.
Martin Amis|Only in art will the lion lie down with the lamb, and the rose grow without thorn.
Douglas Adams|Q: Do you feel concerned that after all this work, people won't treat [Starship Titanic] with the gravity of, say, a movie or a book? That they won't treat it as an art form?D.A.: I hope that's the case, yes. I get very worried about this idea of art. Having been an English literary graduate, I've been trying to avoid the idea of doing art ever since. I think the idea of art kills creativity. ... [I]f somebody wants to come along and say, "Oh, it's art," that's as may be. I don't really mind that much. But I think that's for other people to decide after the fact. It isn't what you should be aiming to do. There's nothing worse than sitting down to write a novel and saying, "Well, okay, I'm going to do something of high artistic worth." ... I think you get most of the most interesting work done in fields where people don't think they're doing art, but merely practicing a craft, and working as good craftsmen. ... I tend to get very suspicious of anything that thinks it's art while it's being created.
Pablo Picasso|Everyone wants to understand art. Why not try to understand the song of a bird? Why does one love the night, flowers, everything around one, without trying to understand them? But in the case of a painting people have to understand. If only they would realize above all that an artist works of necessity, that he himself is only a trifling bit of the world, and that no more importance should be attached to him than to plenty of other things which please us in the world, though we can't explain them. People who try to explain pictures are usually barking up the wrong tree.
Vincent van Gogh|Though I am often in the depths of misery, there is still calmness, pure harmony and music inside me. I see paintings or drawings in the poorest cottages, in the dirtiest corners. And my mind is driven towards these things with an irresistible momentum.
Chaim Potok, The Gift of Asher Lev|Art begins . . . when someone interprets, when someone sees the world through his own eyes. Art happens when what is seen becomes mixed with the inside of the person who is seeing it.
Jeanette Winterson, Art Objects: Essays on Ecstasy and Effrontery|Long looking at paintings is equivalent to being dropped into a foreign city, where gradually, out of desire and despair, a few key words, then a little syntax make a clearing in the silence. Art... is a foreign city, and we deceive ourselves when we think it familiar... We have to recognize that the language of art, all art, is not our mother-tongue.
Steve Martin, An Object of Beauty|You want to know how I think art should be taught to children? Take them to a museum and say, 'This is art, and you can't do it.
Federico García Lorca|The artist, and particularly the poet, is always an anarchist in the best sense of the word. He must heed only the call that arises within him from three strong voices: the voice of death, with all its foreboding, the voice of love and the voice of art.
R. Buckminster Fuller|When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty........ but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.
Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness|It is in dialogue with pain that many beautiful things acquire their value. Acquaintance with grief turns out to be one of the more unusual prerequisites of architectural appreciation. We might, quite aside from all other requirements, need to be a little sad before buildings can properly touch us.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven's sake. Sing in the shower. Dance to the radio. Tell stories. Write a poem to a friend, even a lousy poem. Do it as well as you possibly can. You will get an enormous reward. You will have created something.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|Without culture, and the relative freedom it implies, society, even when perfect, is but a jungle. This is why any authentic creation is a gift to the future.
Madeleine L'Engle|Basically there can be no categories such as 'religious' art and 'secular' art, because all true art is incarnational, and therefore 'religious.
Maria Callas|You are born an artist or you are not. And you stay an artist, dear, even if your voice is less of a fireworks. The artist is always there.
Lenny Bruce|The only honest art form is laughter, comedy. You can't fake it...try to fake three laughs in an hour -- ha ha ha ha ha -- they'll take you away, man. You can't.
David Sedaris|A week after my drugs ran out, I left my bed to perform at the college, deciding at the last minute to skip both the doughnut toss and the march of the headless plush toys. Instead, I just heated up a skillet of plastic soldiers, poured a milkshake over my head and called it a night.
Michelangelo Buonarroti|It is necessary to keep one's compass in one's eyes and not in the hand, for the hands execute, but the eye judges.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|Creating is living doubly. The groping, anxious quest of a Proust, his meticulous collecting of flowers, of wallpapers, and of anxieties, signifies nothing else.
Vincent van Gogh, Complete Letters of Vincent Van Gogh|We feel lonely now and then and long for friends and think we should be quite different and happier if we found a friend of whom we might say: “He is the one.” But you, too, will begin to learn that there is much self-deception behind this longing; if we yielded too much to it, it would lead us from the road.
Edward Hopper|If you could say it in words, there would be no reason to paint.
W.H. Auden|There must always be two kinds of art: escape-art, for man needs escape as he needs food and deep sleep, and parable-art, that art which shall teach man to unlearn hatred and learn love.
Pablo Picasso|Every act of creation is first of all an act of destruction." ― Pablo Picasso
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|It was odd to have something so personal out there in that way, but the good thing about art is that no one necessarily knows what you mean by it anyway.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Poets are not so scrupulous as you are. They know how useful passion is for publication. Nowadays a broken heart will run to many editions.""I hate them for it," cried Hallward. "An artist should create beautiful things, but should put nothing of his own life into them. We live in an age when men treat art as if it were meant to be a form of autobiography. We have lost the abstract sense of beauty. Some day I will show the world what is it; and for that the world shall never see my portrait of Dorian Gray.
Oscar Wilde|When bankers get together for dinner, they discuss Art. When artists get together for dinner, they discuss Money
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|Not marble nor the gilded monumentsOf princes, shall outlive this powerful rhyme,But you shall shine more bright in these contentsThan unswept stone, besmeared with sluttish time.When wasteful war shall statues overturnAnd broils roots out the work of masonry,Nor mars his sword nor war's quick fire shall burnThe living record of your memory.'Gainst death and all-oblivious enmityShall you pace forth; your praise shall still find roomEven in the eyes of all posterityThat wear this world out to the ending doom.So, till judgement that yourself arise,You in this, and dwell in lovers eyes.
Keith Floyd|Watch a French housewife as she makes her way slowly along the loaded stalls… searching for the peak of ripeness and flavor… What you are seeing is a true artist at work, patiently assembling all the materials of her craft, just as the painter squeezes oil colors onto his palette ready to create a masterpiece.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|It is a mistake to think that the practice of my art has become easy to me. I assure you, dear friend, no one has given so much care to the study of composition as I. There is scarcely a famous master in music whose works I have not frequently and diligently studied.
Jean-Paul Sartre|The aim of language...is to communicate...to impart to others the results one has obtained...As I talk, I reveal the situation...I reveal it to myself and to others in order to change it.
Robert Henri|Art is, after all, only a trace – like a footprint which shows that one has walked bravely and in great happiness.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|It's a good thing you and your pills weren't around a few hundred years ago or there never would have been a Vermeer or a Caravaggio. You'd have drugged "Girl with a Pearl Earring" and "The Taking of Christ" right the hell out of them.
Michelangelo Buonarroti, I Sonetti Di Michelangelo: The 78 Sonnets of Michelangelo with Verse Translation|The greatest artist does not have any conceptWhich a single piece of marble does not itself containWithin its excess, though onlyA hand that obeys the intellect can discover it.
Georgia O'Keeffe|I have things in my head that are not like what anyone taught me — shapes and ideas so near to me, so natural to my way of being and thinking.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|An artist should create beautiful things, but should put nothing of his own life into them.
Steven Brust|The tools are real. The viewer is real, you, the artist, is real and a part of everything you paint. You connect yourself to the viewer by sharing something that is inside of you that connects with something inside of him. All you have as your guide is that you know what moves you. All you have to do it with is a brush, some chemical and canvas, and technique.
Melissa Grey, The Girl at Midnight|Humans make art to remember and be remembered,” said Caius. “Art is their weapon against forgetting.
Edgar Degas|Art is vice. You don't wed it, you rape it.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Now take a human body. Why wouldn't you like to see a human body with a curling tail with a crest of ostrich feathers at the end? And with ears shaped like acanthus leaves? It would be ornamental, you know, instead of the stark, bare ugliness we have now. Well, why don't you like the idea? Because it would be useless and pointless. Because the beauty of the human body is that is hasn't a single muscle which doesn't serve its purpose; that there's not a line wasted; that every detail of it fits one idea, the idea of a man and the life of a man.
Yevgeny Zamyatin|If we have no heretics we must invent them, for heresy is essential to health and growth.
Leonardo da Vinci|What is fair in men, passes away, but not so in art
Pablo Picasso|The world doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?
Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness|It is in books, poems, paintings which often give us the confidence to take seriously feelings in ourselves that we might otherwise never have thought to acknowledge.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression. The chasm is never completely bridged. We all have the conviction, perhaps illusory, that we have much more to say than appears on the paper.
Hakim Bey, TAZ: The Temporary Autonomous Zone|Provided we can escape from the museums we carry around inside us, provided we can stop selling ourselves tickets to the galleries in our own skulls, we can begin to contemplate an art which re-creates the goal of the sorcerer: changing the structure of reality by the manipulation of living symbols ... Art tells gorgeous lies that come true.
George MacDonald, The Light Princess and Other Fairy Stories|A genuine work of art must mean many things; the truer its art, the more things it will mean. If my drawing, on the other hand, is so far from being a work of art that it needs THIS IS A HORSE written under it, what can it matter that neither you nor your child should know what it means? It is there not so much to convey a meaning as to wake a meaning. If it do not even wake an interest, throw it aside. A meaning may be there, but it is not for you. If, again, you do not know a horse when you see it, the name written under it will not serve you much. At all events, the business of the painter is not to teach zoology.
Steve Almond, Candyfreak: A Journey through the Chocolate Underbelly of America|Art arises from loss. I wish this weren't the case. I wish that every time I met a new woman and she rocked my world, I was inspired to write my ass off. But that is not what happens. What happens is we lie around in bed eating chocolate and screwing. Art is what happens when things don't work out, when you're licking your wounds. Art is, to a larger extent than people would like to think, a productive licking of the wounds.
Haruki Murakami|People want to be bowled over by something special. Nine times out of ten you might strike out, but that tenth time, that peak experience, is what people want. That's what can move the world. That's art.
Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities|Perhaps everything lies in knowing what words to speak, what actions to perform, and in what order and rhythm; or else someone's gaze, answer, gesture is enough; it is enough for someone to do something for the sheer pleasure of doing it, and for his pleasure to become the pleasure of others: at that moment, all spaces change, all heights, distances; the city is transfigured, becomes crystalline, transparent as a dragonfly.
Leo Tolstoy, What Is Art?|Art is not, as the metaphysicians say, the manifestation of some mysterious idea of beauty or God; it is not, as the aesthetical physiologists say, a game in which man lets off his excess of stored-up energy; it is not the expression of man's emotions by external signs; it is not the production of pleasing objects; and, above all, it is not pleasure; but it is a means of union among men, joining them together in the same feelings, and indispensable for the life and progress toward well-being of individuals and of humanity.
Toni Morrison|This is the time for every artist in every genre to do what he or she does loudly and consistently. It doesn't matter to me what your position is. You've got to keep asserting the complexity and the originality of life, and the multiplicity of it, and the facets of it. This is about being a complex human being in the world, not about finding a villain. This is no time for anything else than the best that you've got.
Toni Morrison|For me, Art is the restoration of order. It may discuss all sort of terrible things, but there must be satisfaction at the end. A little bit of hunger, but also satisfaction.
Henri Cartier-Bresson, Henri Cartier-Bresson: The Modern Century|It is through living that we discover ourselves, at the same time as we discover the world around us.
Upton Sinclair|All art is propaganda. It is universally and inescabably propaganda; sometimes unconsciously, but often deliberately, propaganda.
Cath Crowley, Graffiti Moon|If you don't want a generation of robots, fund the arts!
Michelle Obama|The arts are not just a nice thing to have or to do if there is free time or if one can afford it. Rather, paintings and poetry, music and fashion, design and dialogue, they all define who we are as a people and provide an account of our history for the next generation.
Karl Lagerfeld|Fashion is ephemeral, dangerous and unfair.
Gloria Steinem|The art of life is not controlling what happens to us, but using what happens to us
H.L. Mencken|The great artists of the world are never Puritans, and seldom even ordinarily respectable.
Roman Payne, Cities & Countries|I’ve decided the act that cannot wait / is the important will to create / But, ah, if my belly is ignored / the pantry door I shall implore / But I’ve been known to reach the bed / ideas still famished in my head.
Oscar Wilde|What art seeks to disturb is monotony of type, slavery of custom, tyranny of habit, and the reduction of man to the level of a machine.
Seyyed Hossein Nasr, A Young Muslim's Guide to the Modern World|In the traditional Islamic world, the hierarchy of the arts was not based on whether they were "fine" or "industrial" or "minor". It was based upon the effect of art on the soul of the human being.
Diane Arbus|One thing that struck me early is that you don’t put into a photograph what’s going to come out. Or, vice versa, what comes out is not what you put in.
Sarah Thornton, Seven Days in the Art World|The term bohemian has a bad reputation because it's allied to myriad clichés, but Parisians originally adopted the term, associated with nomadic Gypsies, to describe artists and writers who stayed up all night and ignored the pressures of the industrial world.
Peter Shaffer|If London is a watercolor, New York is an oil painting.
J.G. Ballard|Maybe you are a poet and a dreamer, but don't you realize that those two species are extinct now?
John Paul II|Not all are called to be artists in the specific sense of the term. Yet, as Genesis has it, all men and women are entrusted with the task of crafting their own life: in a certain sense, they are to make of it a work of art, a masterpiece.
Mark Rothko|It is really a matter of ending this silence and solitude, of breathing and stretching one's arms again.
T.C. Boyle|But then, that’s the beauty of writing stories—each one is an exploratory journey in search of a reason and a shape. And when you find that reason and that shape, there’s no feeling lik
Friedrich Schiller|If you cannot please everyone with your deeds and your art, please a few. To please many is bad.
Marcel Duchamp|The individual, man as a man, man as a brain, if you like, interests me more than what he makes, because I've noticed that most artists only repeat themselves. 
Joseph Conrad|A work that aspires, however humbly, to the condition of art should carry its justification in every line...To snatch in a moment of courage, from the remorseless rush of time, a passing phase of life is only the beginning of the task. The task approached in tenderness and faith is to hold up unquestioningly, without choice and without fear, the rescued fragment before all eyes and in the light of a sincere mood. It is to show its vibration, its colour, its form; and through its movement, its form, and its colour, reveal the substance of its truth -- disclose its inspiring secret: the stress and passion within the core of each convincing moment. In a single-minded attempt of that kind, if one be deserving and fortunate, one may perchance attain to such clearness of sincerity that at last the presented vision of regret or pity, of terror or mirth, shall awaken in the hearts of the beholders that feeling of unavoidable solidarity; of the solidarity in mysterious origin, in toil, in joy, in hope, in uncertain fate, which binds men to each other and all mankind to the visible world.
Marilynne Robinson, The Death of Adam: Essays on Modern Thought|I want to overhear passionate arguments about what we are and what we are doing and what we ought to do. I want to feel that art is an utterance made in good faith by one human being to another. I want to believe there are geniuses scheming to astonish the rest of us, just for the pleasure of it.
Salvador Dalí|Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing.
Michael Ondaatje, Divisadero|...sometimes we enter art to hide within it. It is where we can go to save ourselves, where a third-person voice protects us.
Gustave Flaubert|As humanity perfects itself, man becomes degraded. When everything is reduced to the mere counter-balancing of economic interests, what room will there be for virtue? When Nature has been so subjugated that she has lost all her original forms, where will that leave the plastic arts? And so on. In the mean time, things are going to get very murky.
Spider Webb|Tattooing, when understood in its entirety, must be seen as a religious act. The human being brings forth images from the center of the self and communicates them to the world. Fantasy is embodied in reality and the person is made whole.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|When the work takes over, then the artist is enabled to get out of the way, not to interfere. When the work takes over, then the artist listens.
Christine Feehan, The Twilight Before Christmas|I'm an observer. I read about life. I research life. I find a corner in a room and melt into it. I can become invisible. It's an art, and I am a wonderful practitioner.
Edward Hopper|Great art is the outward expression of an inner life in the artist, and this inner life will result in his personal vision of the world.
Joan Miró|I try to apply colors like words that shape poems, like notes that shape music. 
Chaim Potok, My Name Is Asher Lev|For all the pain you suffered, my mama. For all the torment of your past and future years, my mama. For all the anguish this picture of pain will cause you. For the unspeakable mystery that brings good fathers and sons into the world and lets a mother watch them tear at each other’s throats. For the Master of the Universe, whose suffering world I do not comprehend. For dreams of horror, for nights of waiting, for memories of death, for the love I have for you, for all the things I remember, and for all the things I should remember but have forgotten, for all these I created this painting—an observant Jew working on a crucifixion because there was no aesthetic mold in his own religious tradition into which he could pour a painting of ultimate anguish and torment.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|The professional has learned that success, like happiness, comes as a by-product of work. The professional concentrates on the work and allows rewards to come or not come, whatever they like.
Pablo Picasso|Whatever the source of emotion that drives me to create, I want to give it a form which has some connection with the visible world, even if it is only to wage war on that world....I want my paintings to be able to defend themselves to resist the invader, just as though there were razor blades on all surfaces so no one could touch them without cutting his hands.
Roman Payne|I will always know the glory of the beautiful and rare, as they will know security from labour and prayer. As they will hear the laughter of the children they gave life, I will know the torments of the song born under knife.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|I realized that the longing for art, like the longing for love, is a malady that blinds us, and makes us forget the things we already know, obscuring reality.
Vincent van Gogh|I hope to depart in no other way than looking back with love and wistfulness and thinking, oh paintings that I would have made..
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|Mockingbirds are the true artists of the bird kingdom. Which is to say, although they're born with a song of their own, an innate riff that happens to be one of the most versatile of all ornithological expressions, mocking birds aren't content to merely play the hand that is dealt them. Like all artists, they are out to rearrange reality. Innovative, willful, daring, not bound by the rules to which others may blindly adhere, the mockingbird collects snatches of birdsong from this tree and that field, appropriates them, places them in new and unexpected contexts, recreates the world from the world. For example, a mockingbird in South Carolina was heard to blend the songs of thirty-two different kinds of birds into a ten-minute performance, a virtuoso display that serve no practical purpose, falling, therefore, into the realm of pure art.
Oscar Wilde|Lying, the telling of beautiful untrue things, is the proper aim of Art.
Maxim Gorky, Untimely Thoughts: Essays on Revolution, Culture, and the Bolsheviks, 1917-1918|The good qualities in our soul are most successfully and forcefully awakened by the power of art. Just as science is the intellect of the world, art is its soul.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Art is essentially the affirmation, the blessing, and the deification of existence.
Aristotle, Poetics|With respect to the requirement of art, the probable impossible is always preferable to the improbable possible.
Henry James|It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance, and I know of no substitute for the force and beauty of it's process.
Frank Lloyd Wright|If it sells, it's art.
Robert Henri|Genius is not a possession of the limited few, but exists in some degree in everyone. Where there is natural growth, a full and free play of faculties, genius will manifest itself.
Stephen King|How to Draw a Picture (XII)Know when you're finished, and when you are, put your pencil or your paintbrush down. All the rest is only life.
Virginia Woolf|It was a miserable machine, an inefficient machine, she thought, the human apparatus for painting or for feeling; it always broke down at the critical moment; heroically, one must force it on.
Peter Greenaway|I really, sincerely believe that one should trust the work, and not the author.
Marisha Pessl|Well, life isn't a cakewalk, is it?! Eighty-nine percent of the world's most valuable art was created by men living in rat-infested flats. You think Velásquez wore Adidas? You think he enjoyed the luxuries of central heating and twenty-four-hour pizza delivery?!
William S. Burroughs, Naked Lunch|What's with the serum?"I don't know, but it sounds ominous. We better put a telepathic direction finder on Benway. The man's not to be trusted. Might do almost anything...Turn a massacre into a sex orgy..."Or a joke."Precisely. Arty type...No principles...
Chris Ware|One of the most valuable things one of my art teachers said to me was, ‘Don’t get upset by criticism. Value the fact that at least someone noticed what you did.
Christina Westover, Precipice|You must write as if Dostoyevsky himself will be reading your novel, and Shakespeare will be acting it out.
Mary E. Pearson, The Miles Between|The world before us is a postcard, and I imagine the story we are writing on it.
James     Baldwin, Nobody Knows My Name|The artistic image is not intended to represent the thing itself, but, rather, the reality of the force the thing contains.
Pablo Picasso|What do you think an artist is? An imbecile who only has eyes, if he is a painter, or ears if he is a musician, or a lyre in every chamber of his heart if he is a poet, or even, if he is a boxer, just his muscles? Far from it: at the same time he is also a political being, constantly aware of the heartbreaking, passionate, or delightful things that happen in the world, shaping himself completely in their image. How could it be possible to feel no interest in other people, and with a cool indifference to detach yourself from the very life which they bring to you so abundantly? No, painting is not done to decorate apartments. It is an instrument of war.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|To draw something is to try to capture it FOREVER, if you really love something, you never try to keep it the way it is forever. You have to let it be free to change
Mark Rothko|I'm not an abstractionist. I'm not interested in the relationship of color or form or anything else. I'm interested only in expressing basic human emotions: tragedy, ecstasy, doom, and so on.
Gustave Flaubert|I am an obscure and patient pearl-fisherman who dives into the deepest waters and comes up with empty hands and a blue face. Some fatal attraction draws me down into the abysses of thought, down into those innermost recesses which never cease to fascinate the strong. I shall spend my life gazing at the ocean of art, where others voyage or fight; and from time to time I’ll entertain myself by diving for those green and yellow shells that nobody will want. So I shall keep them for myself and cover the walls of my hut with them.
Milton Glaser|If you can sustain your interest in what you’re doing, you’re an extremely fortunate person. What you see very frequently in people’s professional lives, and perhaps in their emotional life as well, is that they lose interest in the third act. You sort of get tired, and indifferent, and, sometimes, defensive. And you kind of lose your capacity for astonishment — and that’s a great loss, because the world is a very astonishing place. What I feel fortunate about is that I’m still astonished, that things still amaze me. And I think that that’s the great benefit of being in the arts, where the possibility for learning never disappears, where you basically have to admit you never learn it.
Dave Hickey, Air Guitar: Essays on Art and Democracy|...The efficacy of psychedelics with regard to art has to do with their ability to render language weightless, as fluid and ephemeral as those famous "bubble letters" of the sixties. Psychedelics, I think, disconnect both the signifier and the signified from their purported referents in the phenomenal world - simultaneously bestowing upon us a visceral insight into the cultural mechanics of language, and a terrifying inference of the tumultuous nature that swirls beyond it. In my own experience, it always seemed as if language were a tablecloth positioned neatly upon the table until some celestial busboy suddenly shook it out, fluttering and floating it, and letting it fall back upon the world in not quite the same position as before - thereby giving me a vertiginous glimpse into the abyss that divides the world from our knowing of it. And it is into this abyss that the horror vacui of psychedelic art deploys itself like an incandescent bridge. Because it is one thing to believe, on theoretical evidence, that we live in a prison-house of language. It is quite another to know it, to actually peek into the slippery emptiness as the Bastille explodes around you. Yet psychedelic art takes this apparent occasion for despair and celebrates our escape from linguistic control by flowing out, filling that rippling void with meaningful light, laughter, and a gorgeous profusion.
Roma Tearne, Mosquito|Grey has no agenda. . . . Grey has the ability, that no other colour has, to make the invisible visible.
Benjamin West|Remember, light and shadow never stand still.
Aldous Huxley, Antic Hay|Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|The basic project of art is always to make the world whole and comprehensible, to restore it to us in all its glory and its occasional nastiness, not through argument but through feeling, and then to close the gap between you and everything that is not you, and in this way pass from feeling to meaning. It's not something that committees can do. It's not a task achieved by groups or by movements. It's done by individuals, each person mediating in some way between a sense of history and an experience of the world.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|In a world of lies and liars, an honest work of art is always an act of social responsibility.
Marc Jacobs|Innovation is an evolutionary process, so it's not necessary to be radical all the time.
Duane Michals|Photography is essentially an act of recognition by street photographers, not an act of invention. Photographers might respond to an old man’s face, or an Arbus freak, or the way light hits a building—and then they move on. Whereas in all the other art forms, take William Blake, everything that came to that paper never existed before. It’s the idea of alchemy, of making something from nothing.
Francis A. Schaeffer, Art & the Bible|We are not being true to the artist as a man if we consider his art work junk simply because we differ with his outlook on life. Christian schools, Christian parents, and Christian pastors often have turned off young people at just this point. Because the schools, the pastors, and the parents did not make a distinction between technical excellence and content, the whole of much great art has been rejected with scorn and ridicule. Instead, if the artist's technical excellence is high, he is to be praised for this, even if we differ with his world view. Man must be treated fairly as man.
Chuck Palahniuk, Diary|As an artist you organize your life so that you get a chance to paint, a window of time, but that's no guarantee you'll create anything worth all your effort. You're always haunt by the idea you're wasting your life.
William Golding, Free Fall|Art is partly communication, but only partly. The rest is discovery.
Christopher Moore, Sacré Bleu: A Comedy d'Art|The Painting is not shit,' said Lucien.'I know,' said Henri. 'That was just part of the subterfuge. I am of royal lineage; subterfuge is one of the many talents we carry in our blood, along with guile and hemophilia.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|The artist committing himself to his calling has volunteered for hell, whether he knows it or not. He will be dining for the duration on a diet of isolation, rejection, self-doubt, despair, ridicule, contempt, and humiliation.
David N. Elkins|The same sensitivity that opens artists to Being also makes them vulnerable to the dark powers of non-Being. It is no accident that many creative people--including Dante, Pascal, Goethe, Nietzsche, Kierkegaard, Beethoven, Rilke, Blake, and Van Gogh--struggled with depression, anxiety, and despair. They paid a heavy price to wrest their gifts from the clutches of non-Being. But this is what true artists do: they make their own frayed lives the cable for the surges of power generated in the creative force fields of Being and non-Being. (Beyond Religion, p. 124)
China Miéville, Perdido Street Station|Art is something you choose to make... it's a bringing together of... of everything around you into something that makes you more human, more khepri, whatever. More of a person.
