Allison Fallon|Maybe we should live our lives in a constant state of expectation, always curious and excited about the possibilities that could unfold in front of us. Maybe it is our sense of vision that colors our reality.
Eknath Easwaran, The Mantram Handbook|If someone who is agitated comes to visit you, wanting to discuss their agitation and weigh the pros and cons of what action he should take, my suggestion is to give him the mantram album and say, "why don't you just write Rama, Rama, Rama a thousand times?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Atheists are the most honest of the human race. These people are unable to live a double life; they are unable to lie to themselves. Of course it's an evolutionary handicap, and if that handicap was widespread, our species would run the risk of extinction
Christopher Hitchens, god is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything|Scientists have an expression for hypotheses that are utterly useless even for learning from mistakes. They refer to them as being "not even wrong." Most so-called spiritual discourse is of this type.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most people do not mind having a house that is smaller and/or a car that is cheaper than their neighbours’, as long as they each earn and have more money than their neighbours, and, equally important, their neighbours know that.
Nebo D. Lukovich, Inner Peace, Outer Success: The Reintegration System: Spiritual Growth, Healing, Solving Problems and Achieving Goals with Cutting-Edge Mind Techniques|The world outside is a strange, but relentless mirror.
Gary Eby|We live, move, breathe, and having our being in the Love-Light of God
Aaron Riches, Ecce Homo: On the Divine Unity of Christ|To suggest that the grief of Christ issues from his perfect wisdom andcharity would confirm that true sorrow is human and therefore cannotcorrespond to despair, since the hopelessness of despair would yield nothingabout which to sorrow. If life is meaningless, there is no reason tomourn. Truth is what makes grief authentic and real, and so it followsthat Truth Incarnate, come down from heaven to our vale of tears, wouldgrieve at the highest pitch. The “tragic experience of the most completedesolation”49 depends on “the knowledge and experience of the Father.”50Or as Adrienne von Speyr puts it: “The Father is never more present thanin this absence on the Cross.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Every religion in the world has had a subset of devotees who seek a direct, transcendent experience with God, excusing themselves from fundamentalist scriptural or dogmatic study in order to personally encounter the divine.
Teresa of Avila.|Authentic prayer changes us, unmasks us, strips us, indicates where growth is needed.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Perfect Questions Perfect Answers: The Power of Mantra Meditation|...only a fool would believe in miracles because - let us say you are a child and an adult lifts this table. That's a miracle. Or you're a chemist and you combine acid and base and you make smoke, an explosion or whatever. To somebody ignorant, that's a miracle. But for everything there is a process, and so when you see a miracle, it's just ignorance of the process. So that only a fool would believe in miracles...
Kristen Henderson|Who is so fancy, esoterica saves the day?Who is the Yogi, Namaste?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|From the club of what atheist call false hope and false god (which offer solace to weak minds), atheist are calling you to their club of no god and no hope (which offers nothing in return. Join the club only if you are a strong minded individual capable of handling your life alone without the help of gods. )
David Joy, Where All Light Tends to Go|I did wonder what happened when we died, though, and I'd wondered about it for most of my life. Thinking that nothing happened, that there was absolutely nothing following all of this pain, seemed just as silly as magic. No, there had to be something.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|I know what is going on in the heart of an atheist. Deep anguish that there is nothing beyond, nothing to live for, nothing to give him hope. I know because I endured the same predicament.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|After losing faith, even an atheist feels a yawning void in his soul that needs filling; there is nothing imaginable that he can fill with it. It was all along meant to be filled with the sacred, with the unknown and unknowable power. That's the curse or blessing of humanity
Abhijit Naskar|Spirituality is to Religion, what Love is to Marriage. Spirituality is an emotional state of the mind, just like Love, while Religion on the other hand, is a social construct, quite like Marriage.
Munia Khan|Love is such a tremendous force of feeling! When you can't stop loving, you simply cannot stop it.
C.C. Wyatt, Ferret|Today is yesterday, today is tomorrow. For it's only one day that comes and goes, over and over again.
Elisa Romeo, Meet Your Soul: A Powerful Guide to Connect with Your Most Sacred Self|The Soul is attached to the world, and her Love contains the passion, beauty, and awe that make life worth living.
Douglas M. Laurent|There is no force in Earth or Heaven above,No, not even the damned of Hell can stop relentless Love. ---Kari, The Valkyrie, Chapter Sixteen,Valley of the Damned Epic Martial Poem/Allegory
Douglas M. Laurent|There is no force in Earth or Heaven above,No, not even the damned of Hell can stop relentless Love.  ---Kari, The Valkyrie, Chapter Sixteen,Valley of the Damned Epic Martial Poem/Allegory
Muhammad al-Harrâq|Thou seekest Lailâ. Yet she manifesteth herself within thee.Thou deemest her to be elsewhere, but elsewhere existeth not.That is a madness, well-known to lovers. So be on your guard, for otherness is the epitome of separation.Seest thou not, how her beauty enfoldeth thee.She disappeareth only if thou refusest part of thee.Come close to me, thou sayst to her, to her who is thine All.And when she loveth thee, she leadeth thee to thyself.Bliss ineffable is the meeting with her.No one reacheth her, who knoweth not essence without form.I have dissimulated about her,After I had truly displayed her through my veil.I hid her from myself, with the garment of mine own existence,And, out of jealousy, I hid her from the envier.Dazzling beauty! Should the light of thy countenanceTouch the eyes of a blind man, he would see each particle of dust.She is adorned with every grace pertaining unto beauty.And wherever she appeareth, she is desired by those who love.(Diwân)
Elisa Romeo, Meet Your Soul: A Powerful Guide to Connect with Your Most Sacred Self|Once you know your Soul, you are never again subject to give your authority away. You own your truth directly and with certainty.
Petra Hermans, Voor een betere wereld|To be spiritual is not to be spiritual.August 11, 2016Petra Cecilia Maria HermansReligious Leader
Abhinav Rajput|Being intellectually perfect is a very easy task, but being experiential perfect is the very tough task, needs very much courage and equanimity. - Abhinav Rajput
Nurudeen Ushawu|Sometimes one really need to have a spiritual eyes and mind, to be able to see and understand somethings
douglas m laurent|Memories of lost love they do enpain,Fleeting images of what once was never again to gain.Hold tight those memories that slip through the mind,				To walk in those fields again with her—a dream divined.Oh to be with that lost Valkyrie forevermore again,To hold her hand delicate until the last world’s end.To be at peace once amore in deep loving soul,Husband to wife in embracing hold.			How he loved her so, but she was now gone,Leaf to the wind, heart tossed and tumbled torn.Memories like arrows stick deep—ohhh so deep,Shafts of pain and joy assail the soul’s lonely keep. --Angel-Heart, Ch. 22 Valley of the Damned
douglas m laurent|As she left the cold arena Angel had to laugh,Beaten by that of a wisp girl and her subliming cunning craft.—Jove lay silent in his orbit; brooding, deep, dreamless forweep,And faithful dog Sirius rising tracked behind on dusk’s purpling adeep.		Scratched he his chin; counted the cold and early evening stars,He had miles to go that night, they being so very far.Only the music of the wint’ring span,Vanished he away in the shimmering land. . . . . . .
douglas m laurent|The Valkyrie’s heart was wrought of dazzling gold full of the most finest and firmest of loves, this being the secret of her many moods and akimbo inspirangular mercies.		—On Kari, Ch. Fifteen Valley of the Damned
Kamlesh D. Patel|Without peace, we cannot be creative.
Janice  Anderson|Entitlement is an expression of conditional love. Nobody is ever entitled to your love. You always have a right to protect your mental, emotional, and physical well-being by removing yourself from toxic people and circumstances.
Curtis Rivers, Seven Paths to Freedom|With a burning ambition, sustained focus, and daily action - there simply are no limits to what you will achieve.
Curtis Rivers, Seven Paths to Freedom|The real winners I've met in life weren't necessarily skilled or perfect. They just had the tenacity to never, ever give up.
Curtis Rivers, Seven Paths to Freedom|Your hopes and dreams are like a giant helium balloon, tugging on your hand to take you above the clouds, to that quiet place of peace and contentment. All you have to do is stop resisting, to let go - and ALLOW your hopes and dreams to take you there.
Elisa Romeo, Meet Your Soul: A Powerful Guide to Connect with Your Most Sacred Self|The Soul's path is not straight and orderly; it's windy, often bumpy, and has an incredible view.
Ram Dass, Polishing the Mirror: How to Live from Your Spiritual Heart|From a personality point of view, you develop judgment, but from the sou's point of view, you develop appreciation.
Janice  Anderson|The purity of peace, which is genuine happiness, cannot be found outside of you in material possessions, accomplishments, or other people. Pleasure is a fleeting emotion based on an external factor. But true happiness is who you are, and does not depend on anything else. When you are at peace, you are more than enough. You are pure life--complete, fulfilled, whole, and you are everything you could possibly want or need. You feel sufficiently independent and whole, yet connected to life and every being on the planet. Peace is true fulfillment. Once peace is consistently maintained, it is unwavering, no matter the strength of the storm surrounding you.
George R.R. Martin|I sailed up to the cold stars but they were cold no longer, and I grew bigger and bigger until I was the stars and they were me, and I was Union, and for a single solitary glittering instant I was the universe.
Edward Fahey, The Gardens of Ailana|Harvey wanted to dive into his ugliness; he intentionally reached for those long hours of soul desolation. He waited. He paced, ready to face down whatever was to come.Paulette’s, though, busted loose uninvited, catching her completely off guard when she was already hurting, feeling crumbled, and vulnerable. When all she really wanted was some quiet gentle feelings for a change. A few flowers. Some sunshine. A way out of all that inner torment for even just a moment.Had she had brought only nastiness out of her childhood? Hadn’t there been anything sweet she could remember instead?As she wandered back to her cabin, searching for even a single fond memory, light faded everywhere around her.Aw, c’mon, she thought. Everyone had some happy childhood memories. She had to have at least a couple.How about the coloring? Children enjoy coloring; how about that? She’d spent hours and days on her art. It was as close as she could remember to having her Mamma stand over her with anything even remotely resembling approval. Her books and comics could be tales of Jesus, but coloring books had to be Old Testament because “No child’s impure hand could touch a crayon to the sweet beautiful face of our beloved Lord and savior Christ Jesus.”So the little girl had scrunched down over Daniel in the lion’s den. Samson screaming in rage, pain, and terror as they blinded him with daggers and torches. The redder she made the flowing wounds of a man of God shot full of arrows, the richer the flames around those three men being burned in an iron box, the longer Mamma let her stay out of that closet.- From “The Gardens of Ailana
Edward Fahey, The Gardens of Ailana|Paulette awoke with an ache in her heart, a grinding in her gut. If there really was a God, why would He have let anyone put a child through that? …She had survived, but at what cost? She was an itinerant professor, living in her head, not her heart. She had broken away, but abandoned her sister; hadn’t contacted her family in years.Paulette wondered what she was looking for in these weekend workshops. Absolution wasn’t on the curriculum. What could she possibly hope to accomplish? To be a healer you need to connect with people. You need to touch, and let yourself be touched. And not just with your hands.Watching these nurses, she envied them their friendships. Here were real buddies truly caring about each other, taking jabs, sharing private jokes and fears. She’d never had that. Even witnessing it from across a room, or a yard, only made her feel that much more lonely.She got along with people well enough. Agreed with whatever they said, watched their pets, helped them move from one apartment to another. But no one really knew her.Paulette had never been flush with self-confidence. People took that as humility, but humility isn’t painful and crippling. She hadn’t yet learned that humble and self-destructive aren’t the same thing at all. They’re not even on the same team.And now here she was at a workshop for healers. Had she come here to heal; or to be healed?It was one of those warm, charming days that write poems about themselves, and then settle these very softly into your mind. Paulette sensed what felt like a rain-laced breeze stirring her soul; sodden, and yet beautiful; laden with both the dismal, and the promising.- From “The Gardens of Ailana”, a fiction largely based around adults still traumatized by having been abused as children, in the name of their parents’ religion.
Craig Keener|Spiritual mentors or peers who are mature in their relationship with God and whose present walk with God we trust can seek God with us and provide us with a sort of “safety net.” If we feel the Spirit is leading us to do something but recognize that much is at stake if we are wrong, we may do well to talk the matter over with other mature Christians. Proverbs advised rulers that wisdom rests in a multitude of counselors, and that advice remains valid for us as well. In the end, we may not always settle on the counsel others give us—like us, they too are fallible—but if they are diligent students of the Scriptures and persons of prayer, we should humbly consider their counsel.
Alejandro Jodorowsky, Where the Bird Sings Best|During these past years, not being able to speak with you, I dedicated myself to reviewing, within myself, the sacred books I know by heart. I had the idea I should summarize them in a single volume. Then, in a single chapter, then in a single page, and finally in a single sentence. This sentence is the greatest thing I can teach you. It seems simple, but if you understand it, you will never have to study again." The Rabbi recited it. And life, from that moment on, changed for Alejandro. "If God is not here, He is nowhere; this instant itself is perfection.
Sasha Graham, Tarot Fundamentals|Books are like Tarot decks. They provide answers and guidance but more importantly, they are doorways and portals to the otherworld and the imagination. They leave their imprint and keep whispering to us long after we close the pages or shuffle the deck.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Blessed and fortunate creature, your eyes shall behold Him and not another's. All that you are, sins apart, is destined, if you will let God have His good way, to utter satisfaction. The Brocken spectre 'looked to every man like his first love', because she was a cheat. But God will look to every soul like its first love because He is its first love. Your place in heaven will seem to be made for you and you alone, because you were made for it--made for it stitch by stitch as a glove is made for a hand
Lewis Bayly, The Practice Of Piety|...if thou art persuaded that God is true, why dost thou doubt of his promises?—and if thou believest that God is beauty and perfection itself, why dost not thou make him alone the chief end of all thine affections and desires? for if thou lovest beauty, he is most fair; if thou desirest riches, he is most wealthy; if thou seekest wisdom, he is most wise. Whatsoever excellency thou hast seen in any creature, it is nothing but a sparkle of that which is in infinite perfection in God...
Elisa Romeo, Meet Your Soul: A Powerful Guide to Connect with Your Most Sacred Self|Your Soul sees your best, most vital self. She holds that vision when you do not. She knows you are worthy.
Janice  Anderson|Your life is an opportunity to question, discover, and explore.
Elisa Romeo, Meet Your Soul: A Powerful Guide to Connect with Your Most Sacred Self|It is pure devotion that consistently, unwaveringly moves us from control to Soul.
Elisa Romeo, Meet Your Soul: A Powerful Guide to Connect with Your Most Sacred Self|Instead of making decisions based on safety, security, or practicality, the Soul wants us to live our lives according to what we find to be most beautiful.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Bhagavad-Gita As It Is|Religion without philosophy is sentiment, or sometimes fanaticism, while philosophy without religion is mental speculation.
Amit Ray|Mind knows the questions, soul knows the answers.
Janice  Anderson|Gratitude enables you to be fearless, and to never shy away from reveling in every moment of your life.
Patricia Robin Woodruff, The Call of the Spectacled Owl|I could feel a deep connection to Spirit in every glorious sunset and awesome wonder in every uncurling flower, but I couldn’t feel anything like that in the hollow words of men gone by.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|I would not say I was a nonbeliever; rather, that I gave little if any thought to celestial concerns. It did not seem to me that God, whoever he was, would be the sort of god to take an interest in the minutiae of human affairs, or that this fact released us from the duty to go about our lives in a spirit of decency to others.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|Allowing myself to wander off into the vast jungles of religion and spirituality has often led to me stumbling upon life altering new ways of thinking, living, and being.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|If they're not willing to explore beyond the realm of their safety, certainty, and comfort, they will never know if their fantasies are true.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|What if one's tendency to go wandering off is truly a gift? What if the driving force beneath the curiosity that leads a person to wander off the beaten path is not immaturity, but the wild, untamable Spirit of God, drawing them into the foliage to be refined, to discover fresh insights, and pioneer a new way forward for a new group of people?
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|I have come to see that exploration is not a practice of the unfaithful, but rather is exactly what being a follower of Christ is actually all about.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|…because he was far more interested in allowing his disciples to cultivate a relationship and trust with and in him than leading them to a place of "arrival".
Ronald Chapman, Seeing True: Ninety Contemplations in Ninety Days|The children of Spirit are laughing, cursing, chatting, walking and running. They ooze holiness in all that they are and do.
Craig Smedley, Quantum Orchestra: distorting the notes of reality|If the true nature of everything isn't extraordinary, then God would be ordinary.
G.W Lwin|The lesser you are, the more you become...
Cristen Rodgers|The universe is a deep, still body of water in which we all swim. Every move that we make creates a ripple that echoes across reality – and the deeper that we swim, the more force those waves carry and the farther they may span.
Joan D. Chittister, Wisdom Distilled from the Daily: Living the Rule of St. Benedict Today|It is one thing to speak kindly to an irritating stranger on Monday. It is quite another thing to go on speaking kindly to the same irritating relative, or irritating employee, or irritating child day after day, week after week, year after year and come to see in that what God is asking of me, what God is teaching me about myself in this weary, weary moment.
Joan D. Chittister, Wisdom Distilled from the Daily: Living the Rule of St. Benedict Today|Silence is a frightening thing. Silences leaves us at the mercy of the noise within us. We hear the fears that need to be faced. We hear, then, the angers that need to be cooled. We hear the emptiness that needs to be filled. We hear the cries for humility and reconciliation and centeredness. We hear ambition and arrogance and attitudes of uncaring awash in the shallows of the soul. Silence demands answers. Silence invites us to depth. Silence heals what hoarding and running will not touch.
Neil Strauss, The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships|Connected sex is a spiritual experience….It is spiritual because it’s a release from ego, a merging with the other, a discorporation into the atoms vibrating around us, a connection to the universal energy that moves through all things without judgment or prejudice. 	Thus, orgasm is the one spiritual practice that unites nearly everyone on the planet, and perhaps that is why there’s so much fear and baggage around it. Because…it is sacred.	And every orgasm. Is in itself an act of faith. An attempt to reach out. And just for a moment. Relieve our separateness. Escape from time. And touch eternity.
Septem Nuntius, 777: Messages from the Elder Gods|Your big heart will make you care and care a lot - About nature, a friend, a moment, even an enemy. Sometimes you will feel no one else does. Take a breath and trust it will be momentarily. Keep looking for those who care and keep them close to you.
Joan D. Chittister|Humble people walk comfortably in every group. No one is either too beneath them or too above them for their own sense of well-being. They are who they are, people with as much to give as to get, and they know it. And because they're at ease with themselves, they can afford to be open with others... Having discovered who we are and having opened ourselves to life and having learned to be comfortable with it, we know that God is working in us. We know, most of all, that whatever happens we have nothing to fear... we are free of the false hopes and false faces and false needs that once held us down. We can fly now. Let all the others scratch and grapple for the plastic copy of life. We have found the real thing.
Joan D. Chittister, Wisdom Distilled from the Daily: Living the Rule of St. Benedict Today|War within ourselves is always a prelude to war outside ourselves. All war starts within our own hearts. When our egos are inflated or our desires insatiable, we go to war with the other for the sad joy of maintaining our one-dimensional worlds.
Gautama Buddha, The Dhammapada|Who have not led the holy lifenor riches won while young,they linger on as aged cranesaround a fished-out pond.
Avis J. Williams|Remove whatever you no longer need in your life, to make room for what you do need in your life.
Werley Nortreus|I had a dream, someone came to me and told me "Jesus Christ is coming in a couple days, time is near, only a couple days left for Christ to come" then I saw rocks coming from the air that caused disasters on earth. The end is near, don't ignore this very important message, it's your responsibility to save your soul from hell. The choice is yours, make sure you know your destination.
Joan D. Chittister|Benedict sets up a community, a family. And families, the honest among us will admit, are risky places to be if perfection is what you are expecting in life.
Rian Dawson|Music has become my driving force behind my life, it to me, can fix bad moods, bad days, even bad people. It is the beat of my life.
Joan D. Chittister, Wisdom Distilled from the Daily: Living the Rule of St. Benedict Today|Friendship is the call out of isolation and selfishness in order to teach me how to love and how to serve. But without stability, friendship - real soul-searing friendship, the kind that makes us choose between domination and infatuation and possessiveness and dependence for growth and freedom and depth and responsibility and self-knowledge - is impossible.Stability is what enables us, in other words, to live totally in God and totally for others.
Scotty McLennan, Christ for Unitarian Universalists: A New Dialogue with Traditional Christianity|Why in the world a book on Christ for Unitarian Universalists (UUs)? Less than 20 percent of us identify as Christians.1 But more than 70 percent of Americans identify as Christian, and we UUs are only 0.3 percent of America at best.2 So, primarily, this is a book to help us talk intelligently about Christ with our Christian friends. We Unitarian Universalists actually have had a lot to say about Christ over the years as well (that is, centuries, and perhaps even millennia), and we have generally done that in dialogue with mainstream Christians. But not much anymore. This book is meant to encourage us to do so again, not just by referencing our history, but also by speaking freshly as Unitarian Universalists in the twenty-first century.Why in the world a book on Christ for Unitarian Universalists, when we virtually never use that title for the historical figureof Jesus of Nazareth? Again, primarily because that’s how the rest of the world speaks. They refer to themselves and others who stand in the tradition of Jesus as Christ-ians, not Jesus-ians. Why? Because they tend to be less interested in the Jesus of history than in the Christ of their present faith. Jesus lives with them in their daily lives now as the Christ. Christ is an honorific title that technically means “the anointed one” of God. For most Christians, Jesus is the post-Easter Christ, the resurrected Christ, who is actually with them now in real time—who companions them and comforts them and challenges them in their daily lives—not just a prophet and teacher of first-century Israel.
Joan D. Chittister|To pray in the midst of the mundane is simply and strongly to assert that this dull and tiring day is holy and its simple labors are the stuff of God's saving presence for me now. To pray simply because it is prayer time is no small act of immersion in the God who is willing to wait for us to be conscious, to be ready, to be willing to become new in life. Prayer, Benedictine spirituality demonstrates, is not a matter of mood. To pray only when we feel like it is more to seek consolation than to risk conversion. To pray only when it suits us is to want God on our terms. To pray only when it is convenient is to make the God-life a very low priority in a list of better opportunities. To pray only when it feels good is to court total emptiness when we most need to be filled. The hard fact is that nobody finds time for prayer. The time must be taken. There will always be something more pressing to do, something more important to be about than the apparently fruitless, empty act of prayer. But when that attitude takes over, we have begun the last trip down a very short road because, without prayer, the energy for the rest of life runs down. The fuel runs out. We become our own worst enemies: we call ourselves too tired and too busy to pray when, in reality, we are too tired and too busy not to pray. Eventually, the burdens of the day wear us down and we no longer remember why we decided to do what we're doing: work for this project, marry this woman, have these children, minister in this place. And if I cannot remember why I decided to do this, I cannot figure out how I can go on with it. I am tired and the vision just gets dimmer and dimmer.
R.A.Delmonico|Religion is doing, spirituality is being.
Dallas Willard, The Spirit of the Disciplines : Understanding How God Changes Lives|Spirituality has thus come to be regarded by the world as those futile, self-torturing excesses of strange men and women who lived in far-off, benighted places and times. Accordingly, the One who came to give abundance of life is commonly thought of as a cosmic stuffed shirt, whose excessive "spirituality" probably did not allow him normal bodily functions and certainly would not permit him to throw a frisbee or tackle someone in a football game.
Daniel Henderson, Old Paths, New Power: Awakening Your Church Through Prayer and the Ministry of the Word|We do well to be reminded that the devil hates a praying leader and a praying church. When we begin to pray, we pick a fight with the devil at a whole new level. Yet, our calling is to be praying menaces to the enemy.
U2, Miracle Drug|There is no failure here sweetheart, just when you quit.
Joan D. Chittister|One of the functions of leadership is to lead, and weak managers may simply check and check and check with others because they are not capable of leading when it is required of them to lead. Benedict says that in matters of importance the abbot or prioress is to ask everyone in the community, 'starting with the youngest,' and then the abbot or prioress is to 'do what seems best.
Sam Harris, Waking Up: A Guide to Spirituality Without Religion|Twenty percent of Americans describe themselves as “spiritual but not religious.” Although the claim seems to annoy believers and atheists equally, separating spirituality from religion is a perfectly reasonable thing to do. It is to assert two important truths simultaneously: Our world is dangerously riven by religious doctrines that all educated people should condemn, and yet there is more to understanding the human condition than science and secular culture generally admit. One purpose of this book is to give both these convictions intellectual and empirical support.Before going any further, I should address the animosity that many readers feel toward the term spiritual. Whenever I use the word, as in referring to meditation as a “spiritual practice,” I hear from fellow skeptics and atheists who think that I have committed a grievous error.The word spirit comes from the Latin spiritus, which is a translation of the Greek pneuma, meaning “breath.” Around the thirteenth century, the term became entangled with beliefs about immaterial souls, supernatural beings, ghosts, and so forth. It acquired other meanings as well: We speak of the spirit of a thing as its most essential principle or of certain volatile substances and liquors as spirits. Nevertheless, many nonbelievers now consider all things “spiritual” to be contaminated by medieval superstition.I do not share their semantic concerns.[1] Yes, to walk the aisles of any “spiritual” bookstore is to confront the yearning and credulity of our species by the yard, but there is no other term—apart from the even more problematic mystical or the more restrictive contemplative—with which to discuss the efforts people make, through meditation, psychedelics, or other means, to fully bring their minds into the present or to induce nonordinary states of consciousness. And no other word links this spectrum of experience to our ethical lives.
Joan D. Chittister|Benedict sets up a community, a family. And families, the honest among us will admit, are risky places to be if perfection is what y ou are expecting in life.
Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry|There is no envy, jealousy, or hatred between the different colors of the rainbow. And no fear either. Because each one exists to make the others’ love more beautiful.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|The expensive car you bought doesn’t matter, but the way you treated the salesman did.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|God is within you, open your heart and uncover that godliness.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|Taoism is simply the complete acceptance of yourself as you are right in this moment. It's about rolling with the changes, whether they are perceived as good or bad. Tao reminds us to live life through good actions (important for past karma and karma you are presently creating); through practicing things that engage our mind, body, and spirit.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|You have the power to change the happiness level in someone’s life and in the process you change your mind-set and the level of your own happiness. Practicing kindness and compassion will change your life, your environment, your outlook on your future, and how you view what has happened in your past.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|When the ego is in the driver’s seat, we judge. When our spirit, our authentic self, is in control, we practice listening (without judging), compassion, and love
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|It’s about letting yourself feel, but not wallow; it’s about leaning into love, not fear, as the preferred force in your life.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|When you change the way you feel, it changes the way you think. When you change the way you think, you change the way you deal with everything in life.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|Everything is in the root. If you pick the weed without getting the root out of the soil, be assured, it is going to grow back.
Matthew Donnelly|Consciousness is in this present moment, the awareness with every cell in your body the direct and experience of love.
Criss Jami|The Christian God seemed the most offensive to people precisely because he was the most godlike. He was too perfect even to be coaxed by human efforts, and therefore sent his son to do the job.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|Sometimes you’re going to shine like the sun; sometimes you’re going to crumble to pieces. Either way, it’s okay.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|Divinity is born from neural processes, not some Supreme Entity.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|You know that you won’t remain Centered all the time, and it is a normal part of human life to drift left or right of Center sometimes.
Charles Edward Stoll|Once machines performed all the servile functions formerly performed by the lower classes, the population immediately achieved equality, ending over ten thousand years of class systems.
Edgar Maass|How simple our Lord's word is, Love thy neighbor. Just think how that word has been twisted around, just because it's hard to love thy neighbor.
Antonia Hall, The Ultimate Guide to a Multi-Orgasmic Life|Humans are wired to want to share love, the essence of our being, with others. The more we close this area off by holding onto anger, frustrations, resentments and disappointments, the less we are able to love ourselves and others.
Edgar Maass, Don Pedro and the Devil|For the soul, understand, is itself the whole world.
Jonathan R. Banks, A New World: The Science of Higher Dimensional Computation and Metaphysics|Science will provide the material basis for a spiritually mature technologically advanced civilisation, it will achieve its higher spiritual purpose of evolving all of humanity. No other spiritual, mystical or religious institution has ever been able to do this and never will.
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|There is nothing sane, merciful, heroic, devout, redemptive, wise, holy, loving, peaceful, joyous, righteous, gracious, remotely spiritual, or worthy of praise where mass murder is concerned. We have been in this world long enough to know that by now and to understand that nonviolent conflict resolution informed by mutual compassion is the far better option.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Bless the world. Let it be a wonderful world with love, peace, joy and happiness.
Sheila Burke|The expensive car you bought doesn’t matter, but the way you treated the sales man did.
Sheila Burke|When the ego is in the driver’s seat, we judge. When our spirit, our authentic self, is in control, we practice listening (without judging), compassion, and love.
Martha N. Beck, Diana, Herself: An Allegory of Awakening|You are consciousness dressed in form, my love. Consciousness is divine. Matter is divine. Creation is divine. Everything is divine. Are you somehow the only exception?
Martha N. Beck, Diana, Herself: An Allegory of Awakening|Have you ever felt your destiny unfolding, beloved? Have you experienced the intensity of the hunt, the fixation of attention that only fate can explain? Have you ever told yourself your feelings wereexcessive, but known that something huge and pivotally important was carrying you along like a riptide? You can fight that current all you want; you know it will still have its way with you. Or you cantry swimming along with it, and grow amazed by your own power—until you pause and realize that you aren’t moving but being moved. You’re not in control, not at all, and that’s what makes the feeling soexquisitely exciting.
Martha N. Beck, Diana, Herself: An Allegory of Awakening|Diana frowns. “You’re taking me home, right? You just said you would.” “Hoink hoink! Of course, piglet. But I meant your real home.” “Which, last I checked,” says Diana acidly, “is in Los Angeles, California, United States of America, solar system, planet Earth.” “Hmm,” says the boar, hiccupping dreamily. “That’s what you think, darling. Tell me, can you say you’ve felt really at home at that address? Haven’t you been homesick your whole life?
Rashmi Rathi, Karma isn't such a bitch!|If one looks at it with his bare eyes then one can only see a stream of running water coming down the mountain. But, if one can verily perceive it through the eyes of wisdom then this tiny stream of water has the might of taking on any obstacles; big boulders, trees, anything that comes within its course. And why does it have the might? Because it adjusts its course when faced with any obstacles. Water just flows, naturally. It doesn’t see a challenge in the obstacles. It doesn’t say to the obstacle “You are in my way. Please move aside so that I can proceed further.” No! When faced with an obstacle, it changes its course slightly, but, never stops flowing. Its primary aim is to flow to its destination and not to get embroiled with obstacles. And all this is possible because it has been endowed with this wonderful ability to change course.
Sheila Burke|When I think of Tao, I think of the artist Bob Ross and his famous painting techniques. I can hear him say, “It’s your tree, you can make it look any way you want to.
Holly Pierlot|Since God lives in the heart, I was not to seek some Being way up in the sky . . . my journey to God was not outward, but inward! The only way to get closer to God was to become ordered enough inside to enable me to experience him within. When our emotions are running loose, and our minds are confused . . . and our imagination is working overtime, there's so much internal noise that we can't hear the still voice of God.So many times over my years as a mother I had felt tired, overwhelmed, and worn out So often I felt I couldn't get any personal space to think, what with the continual onslaught of "Mummy! Mummy!" coming from the children, or the work that I hadn't finished staring me in the face. I needed quiet time alone.
Andrew Klavan, Werewolf Cop|They'd put the anesthesia mask on him, and the next instant he was in the recovery room. It was a blackout so complete, it made him doubt the immortality of the soul.
Martha N. Beck, Diana, Herself: An Allegory of Awakening|Just like any civilized person, you’ve spent practically your whole life torturing an innocent wild creature. Starved it, then force-fed it, cut it, cursed it, driven it to exhaustion. Imprisoned it with other creatures who tormented it.”“What?” Diana shakes her head in miserable confusion. “I don’teven kill spiders! I never wanted to hurt anything.”“The innocent wild creature to which I refer, my darling, is you.
Martha N. Beck, Diana, Herself: An Allegory of Awakening|The mirror image of suffering is the truth. Try it. Change the story. Change the course of your entire history. Right now.” “You want me to lie about my past?” Diana wipes tears from her face with the back of her hand. “No, to tell the story a truer way,” says Herself. “Any story can be told infinite ways, dear, but listen to me. Listen well. If a story liberates your soul, believe it. But if a story imprisons you, believe its mirror image.
Martha N. Beck, Diana, Herself: An Allegory of Awakening|All for all, always.
Grace Sara, Awakening in the 21st Century: Surviving a Spiritually Dormant Society|However, one day, this shallow living will not be enough for you. You are gifted with a questioning mind that will marvel at the deepest parts of the world around you. It will crave divine understanding because you are part of the divine whole, and it is the nature of the soul to seek to return to its spiritual state.
Stephen Richards|As much as the destination ends the journey, so it is of the dream coming true.
Stephen Richards|Making time for what you really want to do can be a full-time job, but only if you allow it to be.
Grace Sara, Awakening in the 21st Century: Surviving a Spiritually Dormant Society|The shaping of character mimics the smallest detail of habit; humans are creatures that learn from observation. Each little thing you do, and each thing you allow yourself to become desensitized to matters. They create you—whether you know it consciously or not.
Stephen Richards|To secure victory, first you have to dare to do so.
Stephen Richards|None of us is born a genius, it self-ignites within us.
Stephen Richards|A man can be knocked down a thousand times and can still get back up, but when he puts himself down he has defeated himself more than a million others could have done.
Stephen Richards|Talent does not automatically generate success. You can be talentless, but so long as you have fortitude then you will have success.
Matthew Donnelly|If you should not take your thoughts seriously, then why the thoughts of others?
Stephen Richards|Unless someone has lived your life, no one can live your dream!
Stephen Richards|When you face fear head on, it is no more!
Stephen Richards|We can all be giants in moments of peace and harmony, but to stay a giant in adversity is the true test of one’s mettle.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Flexibility is just as essential for divinity as is discipline. Your job, then, should you choose to accept it, is to keep searching for the metaphors, rituals and teachers that will help you move ever closer to divinity.
Chiara Gizzi|I am the master of my own destiny, so I choose greatness and nothing less.
Marya Hornbacher, Waiting: A Nonbeliever's Higher Power|That which stirs within, slows or quickens, goes deep or dies out. When I speak of spirit, I am not speaking of something related to or given by a force outside ourselves. I am speaking of the force that is ourselves. The experience of living in this world, bound by a body, space, and time, woven into the fabric of human history, human connection and human life. This is the force that feels, and thinks and gives us consciousness at all. It is the deepest, most elemental, most integral part of who we are; it is who we are.
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|joy is not just about being happy. Joy is a rigorous spiritual practice of saying yes to life on life’s terms,
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|If all your focused thoughts followed your inner feelings, your life would be abundant and joyful beyond all imagining.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|Emptiness is the track on which the centered person moves," said a Tibetan sage six hundred years ago, and the book where I found this edict followed it with an explanation of the word "track" in Tibetan: shul, "a mark that remains after that which made it has passed by - a footprint for example. In other contexts, shul is used to describe the scarred hollow in the ground where a house once stood, the channel worn through rock where a river runs in flood, the indentation in the grass where an animal slept last night.
Eben Alexander, Proof of Heaven: A Neurosurgeon's Journey into the Afterlife|So I was communicating directly with God? Absolutely. Expressed that way, it sounds grandiose. But when it was happening, it didn't feel that way. Instead, I felt like I was doing what every soul is able to do when they leave their bodies, and what we can all do right now through various methods of prayer or deep meditation. Communicating with God is the most extraordinary experience imaginable, yet at the same time it's the most natural one of all, because God is present in us at all times. Omniscient, omnipotent, personal--and loving us without conditions. We are connected as One through our divine link with God.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|First, be better than yourself, then strive to better than your competitors.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|One of the aims of forgiveness is to turn the frozen, pent-up energy in stored-up emotions into free energy that people can express themselves with in the present.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|For aspirants upon the spiritual path, each manifestation provides clues as to what needs to be released or cleared in order to continue to ascend.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Love is not jealous, angry or afraid.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|In mystical terms, the law of attraction specifies that you will attract to yourself those experiences that match your beliefs.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|By thinking of the good things you want to happen as part of a regular routine, you are creating a positive energy.
Jennifer   Griffin|Remember, nothing is ever created or destroyed. Therefore, unresolved emotional pain from childhood does not dissolve by itself. It sits waiting to be declared, and a child is the ultimate vehicle of expression. In order to transform the energy into something positive, the pain must be brought to the surface, examined and embraced as an experience from which to learn and blossom.
Eben Alexander, Proof of Heaven: A Neurosurgeon's Journey into the Afterlife|Hearing my story seemed to give him a license he had been longing for someone to give him: the license to believe what he had seen with his own eyes--to KNOW that deep and comforting truth: that our eternal spiritual self is more real than anything we perceive in this physical realm, and has a divine connection to the infinite love of the Creator.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|The truth is, the source of existence is infinite and to discover the essence of it is an unfolding that lasts for eternity.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|By simply and profoundly giving love to yourself everyday in every way you are saying to the Universe you are worthy of attaining any dream, vision or goal. Feel worthy of it.
John Milton|Celestial light, shine inward...that I may see and tell of things invisible to mortal sight
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|We are among the first peoples in human history who do not broadly inherit religious identity as a given, a matter of kin and tribe, like hair color and hometown. But the very fluidity of this—the possibility of choice that arises, the ability to craft and discern one’s own spiritual bearings—is not leading to the decline of spiritual life but its revival. It is changing us, collectively. It is even renewing religion, and our cultural encounter with religion, in counterintuitive ways. I meet scientists who speak of a religiosity without spirituality—a reverence for the place of ritual in human life, and the value of human community, without a need for something supernaturally transcendent. There is something called the New Humanism, which is in dialogue about moral imagination and ethical passions across boundaries of belief and nonbelief. But I apprehend— with a knowledge that is as much visceral as cognitive— that God is love. That somehow the possibility of care that can transform us— love muscular and resilient— is an echo of a reality behind reality, embedded in the creative force that gives us life.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Enlightenment is the transformation that brings out the highest human qualities. It is the process that removes the clouds of negativity and brings the colors of peace, compassion and kindness.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Big or small, be ready to do your part when you dare to dream and you will be rewarded with success from the Universe.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|I know a lot of wealthy people, and yet not many of them drive a Rolls Royce or a Ferrari! However, I also know some of poor people on the verge of bankruptcy driving Bentleys!
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|However, what I have come to understand from my life’s journey is that I am always in the right place at the right time. In fact, there is no other place I could possibly be.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|With a clear idea of what you want in life, you need to actively pursue your dream. Half-hearted attempts will not work.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Dreams give purpose to one’s life. If you do not wish anything better for yourself or for your loved ones, then life loses meaning.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|There are many fun things to do in life, but few that are more rewarding than committing to living the life of your dreams.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Often the unfavorable events of our lives are a catalyst for long needed change, so what seemed like a poor decision in the beginning can result in much better quality of life in the long term.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Do not look back at the decision, look for the solution.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|When it comes to creating million dollar inventive ideas, most people stop short of reaching the mother stratum while mining their own seam of gold! Genius takes effort and passion.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Be who you are longing to be, practice thinking of yourself as the person of your dreams.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Your dreams may have been buried inside of you for a long time because you were busy with things that needed to get done, but it is never too late to dare to dream.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Working on your dream whenever it is convenient for you will not work. When you dare to dream, you should also dare to do.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Each of us channel through the rest of us, which is true on every plane of being and in every field of enterprise and in all walks of life.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|When it comes to manifesting anything you desire, sometimes you have to go and collect.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|As the Universe brings your desires towards you, sometimes you must take the path it lays out for you so that you can be in the right place to receive it.
Jalaluddin Rumi|The universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself; everything that you want, you already are.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Millionaires, though, see objects like diamonds and good feelings merely as fruits. The root of true wealth, in fact, stems from your behaviors.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|When you are able to identify what drives you, you will be better equipped to draw out your possible options and make the relevant decisions that will help you achieve your goals.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Discovering how the Universe will manifest all of your dreams for you is going to be an exciting journey that will harmonize the trinity of your mind, body and spirit.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Leaving your future to pot luck is holding you back, you are worth more than anything, yet why do you leave everything to chance?
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|The foundation of all personal development, actually, is self-acceptance and self-love.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Your level of vibration runs parallel with your feelings, meaning you are in control of your life and the events that come into your life at any given moment.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|The higher the vibration, the more positive the events or people you attract and likewise.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Time is manmade! It is simply an invention! Believe it or not, time only exists here on earth for us humans.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|To make initial inroads into manifesting a new life, first one has to acknowledge their current life.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Just as you first eat with your eyes, you also first desire things with your subconscious mind!
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|No matter what you say to someone else, you always hear it first.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Just think how many thousands of years nature has spent sculpting rocks for us! I can tell you, I have learned that just because it was that way yesterday, it does not mean that it should be that way tomorrow.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Unlocking the power of your subconscious mind is a simple process, requiring only your willingness and effort.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Imagine repeating the power words ‘love’ or ‘happiness’ for five minutes twice a day for the rest of your life, amazing things could happen.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Everything is energy, and energy cannot be created or destroyed, it can only be changed or mutated from one form to another.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|When you begin to entertain the more positive possibilities, hope for the best, plan for the best and expect the best, your eventual attraction of the best possible circumstances is almost guaranteed.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Do not recite words just to prove to yourself and others that you know and love God; for he already put his breath and light inside you. Instead, put truth in your every word and action, and always let your conscience steer and guide you.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The gut is the seat of all feeling. Polluting the gut not only cripples your immune system, but also destroys your sense of empathy, the ability to identify with other humans. Bad bacteria in the gut creates neurological issues. Autism can be cured by detoxifying the bellies of young children. People who think that feelings come from the heart are wrong. The gut is where you feel the loss of a loved one first. It's where you feel pain and a heavy bulk of your emotions. It's the central base of your entire immune system. If your gut is loaded with negative bacteria, it affects your mind. Your heart is the seat of your conscience. If your mind is corrupted, it affects your conscience. The heart is the Sun. The gut is the Moon. The pineal gland is Neptune, and your brain and nervous system (5 senses) are Mercury. What affects the moon or sun affects the entire universe within. So, if you poison the gut, it affects your entire nervous system, your sense of reasoning, and your senses.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When the world shifts its focus on heart over mind, we will finally experience a beautiful global village for our children.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The gut is the seat of all feeling. Polluting the gut not only cripples your immune system, but also destroys your sense of empathy, the ability to identify with other humans.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|O Heavenly Children, God has blessed you all with many treasures that only the most purehearted already know. His fruitful garden is vast and without measure, and in your own very bodies, He has planted metals of copper, silver and gold.
Panache Desai, Discovering Your Soul Signature: A 33-Day Path to Purpose, Passion & Joy|Shame is the undercurrent that keeps you living in the belief that you are unworthy of all the bounty life has to offer. Somewhere along the way, we have internalized the belief that we are - in our deepest selves - defective and wrong. Shame is not a natural emotion. Babies aren’t born feeling shame. We manufacture it within ourselves, as punishment for not adhering to the norms of society…Just for today, see what it feels like to open those clenched fists - that clenched heart - and receive every good thing
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Do not get down on your knees to pray just to show God that you always remember him. Instead stay on your feet, and always do as he would do in place of him.
Munia Khan|Never forget that there is a soul within you, which loves you very much ,only because it's you.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|Know this Mr. Davis. I am not crazy. I am not sane. I am not alive. I am not dead. I am not even the human being who you call Dr. Vigo Andersen. I was never born and I will never die. I am an eternal being. I am that I am. This, what you call reality, is just a collective dream. I was about to wake up from it permanently when I was yanked back into this temporal space. I did not try to kill myself. I tried to wake up.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|It’s okay to experience the flow of all emotions; however, if we get caught up in feeling pity for others and take on the responsibility of being their ‘savior’, we often take away their power to ‘save’ themselves. If I see someone as ‘messed up’ then I am projecting my ‘messed up’ vibration onto them, so I am unable to hold space. Yet, if I already view them as whole, well, and beautiful – then I am able to be a vibrational key (vessel of Spirit) that uplifts their energy so that it may come into alignment with being whole, well, and beautiful. It’s not that I do any of the healing; I’m simply a mirror reflecting acceptance and loving them for exactly who they are, right where they are. That is all that is ever truly asked of us, to accept and to love.
Criss Jami|In my experiences, the common critic of Christianity, when he thinks of Christianity, imagines a sort of elementary, Sunday School blunder of elements: fiery Hell, an angry God, 'try not to sin', 'be good so that you can go to Heaven', absurd miracles, hyper-fundamentalist tales, religious hypocrites, and Jesus telling people not to judge. There is no horse more dead than such. I maintain that understanding Christianity and the Bible is quite like painting a piece of art. Let a toddler paint a puppy; then let an adult who is a long-time painter paint the very same puppy. They are both paintings of the puppy, but one is far more detailed, rational, realistic, and believable than the other. One is distorted and comical; the other is proportional and lively. One can write off Theology if he so pleases, but he might not be very wise in using the toddler's painting when it comes time to identify the real puppy or when trying to confront actual men of the Faith.
Roy Hale|Fly free spirits fly, for if you reach heaven before me, then at least I know to this world I have more love to apply. " ~ Roy Hale
Stephen Richards|Abundance does not come in packages, it comes from the happiness within.
Roy Hale|The perfect person isn't what you're being asked to be, but a beautiful soul will suffice. " ~ Roy Hale
Jonathan R. Banks, A New World: The Science of Higher Dimensional Computation and Metaphysics|Foretold by ancient seers and now by scientists, we are at the unprecedented historic and evolutionary crossroad. We have the capacity to transform ourselves spiritually and our civilisation materially or de-evolve into an Orwellian nightmare
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|Your fundamental assumption is wrong. You think you are this vehicle. This naked ape. Homo sapiens. I tell you, you are no more human than a driver is the car he is driving. You would never go to a junkyard to look for the driver would you?
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|None of us understand the infinite universe. Most people who start thinking about it, get overwhelmed, shrug their shoulders, and turn their attention back to something mundane, like drinking beer or watching TV. Only a few great minds have ever actually contemplated the nature of the universe. Fewer still have done it without going insane.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|When the patient began speaking, Robert continued, he sounded unlike any person I have ever met before. Sure, his actions signaled that he was crazy, but his presence… Jessica, his presence was like what I imagine it would be to be close to a holy person or a spiritual master. I mean, that is really the only conclusion I can come to.And the holy guy tried to kill himself? Come on Robert. That just sounds ridiculous.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|You are wrong about that, you know, Dr. Andersen replied calmly. This, right here—us talking, sitting in this overlit room, a bunch of shrinks watching us through the tinted windows—this is the dream. The peace you felt before, that is reality. It is the I. The only part of existence that does not change, that cannot change, that will not change. You may not be ready to understand this quite yet, but if you continue meditating, you will.
Samita Sarkar, I Am the Ocean|I had been thinking about becoming a business owner for some time, but I didn't have the confidence to pursue it. My parents encouraged the idea, and I had scoffed at them irritably. I wanted the job security that a nine-to-five would provide me. But now I could see that security, both in the office world and beyond, was a myth. You could do everything right, but nothing would come to you if it wasn't Krishna's will.
Jean Moreau, Abbey of Kervennec, France|Creation is always an act of affirmation, a lust for life or activity, a restlessness accompanied by art. That art is what pleases and invigorates and mystifies me.
Abhijit Naskar, The Spirituality Engine|Faith and hope remove worry, anxiety, and fear. Human life becomes very painful and burdensome if a person has no one to trust and love. Then why should it bother an atheist, if a mother who just has lost her child, takes up a doll of baby Jesus or Krishna and pampers it like her own child, while in the process she actually succeeds in coping with her traumatic situation!
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Every day, bring some flowers to your life. Every day bring some blessings in someone’s life.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|There is no excuse good enough to ever be out of alignment with love. You’re going to get hurt, and you will feel pain. Yet your purpose is to keep loving, anyway. Keep moving forward with an open heart. Love is a Divine gift given to humanity. Wasting it is no longer an option. Love is what brings light to a dark place. Love is what transforms a dying world into a thriving planet.
Stephen Richards|Serenity within the chaos of life is there to be discovered, just look within yourself for it.
Aleksandra Layland, Bind Not the Heart: A Windflower Saga Novella|We must not bind our hearts to the things of the world, no matter how beautiful they are or how much pleasure they give us. Our hearts must soar in the heavens for us to be truly the humans we were meant to be.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|A true religious person should not think that “my religion alone is the right path and other religions are false.” Other religions are also so many paths leading to the same domain of transcendental bliss. Likewise, no person should think “my perception of the reality is the only absolute reality, and all others’ are false”, because each human brain has its own unique way of perceiving the reality.
Neville Goddard|Spiritual growth is the gradual, I would say, transition from a God of tradition to a God of experience.
Fakeer Ishavardas|First of all, no messiahs are sent. Secondly, no messiah got it. Lastly, no messiah is. And if there ever was or is, maybe I too am it. As too is every dimwit.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|In modern neurotheology we examine the physical bases to spiritual, religious and mystical experiences and beliefs, that implicitly appear to reduce this rich phenomenology to only neuronal functions. So, the thing is, there was no divine intervention necessary in the evolution of spirituality and religiosity. “Human Brain is the true God of all beliefs”.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|I am like the H2O in a lake. Some drink it at one place and call it “water”, others at another place and call it “jal”, and some others at a third place and call it “pani”. The Christians call it “water”, the Hindus “jal”, and the Muslims ”pani”. But it is one and the same thing. I am not tied to the doctrines of any church, synagogue, temple or mosque, yet I am the reason of their birth.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|Your spiritual goals can be as numerous as there are stars in the sky. And so can be your religions. But in all your vivid and diverse paths of practicing religion and spirituality, there is one very common and simple element that knows no bounds. That element is the eternal bliss that enables you to attain unimaginable feats of excellence. It is not tied to any scripture of yours, yet it is in every scripture of yours.
Abhijit Naskar, Biopsy of Religions: Neuroanalysis Towards Universal Tolerance|There can never be a conflict between science and religion, once you understand the spiritual knack of the human brain circuits.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|I (God) am only a part of your own human consciousness, but a really bizarre part.
Max Stirner, The Ego and Its Own|But, even granted that doubts, raised in the course of time against the tenants of the Christian faith, have long since robbed you of faith in the immortality of your spirit, you have nevertheless left one tenant undisturbed, and still ingenuously adhere to the one truth, that the spirit is your better part, and that the spiritual has greater claims on you than anything else
Jocelyn  Murray, The English Pirate|The sea is as desolate and barren as it is fertile and life-giving. It is cold and dismal, yet bold and spirited. Sometimes imperious and conquering, other times gentle and meek. But it is always mysterious. Those mysteries hold many secrets. One has but to listen and watch to discover them
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Contrast is not ‘bad’ since the contrast we experience still causes us to learn and grow. Expansion never ceases, and that is a beautiful thing. Contrast allows us to see what is not in alignment with our Authentic Selves, and then presents us with opportunity after opportunity to respond from a place of compassion, forgiveness, acceptance, love, joy, gratitude, etc. Thus, when we break the karmic loop we swing back into alignment with Spirit.
Alaric Hutchinson|Fairy tales and stories of fantasy bridge the gap and inspires the heart and mind wherever religious thought reaches its limits or meets a dead end. In other words, fairy tales are spiritual in nature, rising above set dogmas and traditions to provide a modern and universal spiritual nourishment for the human soul.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|The war going on within you is a reflection of every war that has ever taken place… past, present, and future. Each individual is a Spiritual Warrior and there is only one demon you must conquer…your SELF. You are the devil and you are the savior. You are a human with free will, and every morning you wake up and you make a choice.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Bran thought about it. 'Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?''That is the only time a man can be brave,' his father told him.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams, because every second of the search is a second's encounter with God and with eternity.
Jim Morrison|Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Don't give in to your fears. If you do, you won't be able to talk to your heart.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|I don’t trust anybody. Not anybody. And the more that I care about someone, the more sure I am they’re going to get tired of me and take off.
Nelson Mandela|I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|It's the questions we can't answer that teach us the most. They teach us how to think. If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact. But give him a question and he'll look for his own answers.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|What do you fear, lady?" [Aragorn] asked. "A cage," [Éowyn] said. "To stay behind bars, until use and old age accept them, and all chance of doing great deeds is gone beyond recall or desire.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Tessa craned her head back to look at Will. “You know that feeling,” she said, “when you are reading a book, and you know that it is going to be a tragedy; you can feel the cold and darkness coming, see the net drawing tight around the characters who live and breathe on the pages. But you are tied to the story as if being dragged behind a carriage and you cannot let go or turn the course aside.” His blue eyes were dark with understanding — of course Will would understand — and she hurried on. “I feel now as if the same is happening, only not to characters on a page but to my own beloved friends and companions. I do not want to sit by while tragedy comes for us. I would turn it aside, only I struggle to discover how that might be done.”“You fear for Jem,” Will said.“Yes,” she said. “And I fear for you, too.”“No,” Will said, hoarsely. “Don’t waste that on me, Tess.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain.
Shel Silverstein, Every Thing on It|She had blue skin,And so did he.He kept it hidAnd so did she.They searched for blueTheir whole life through,Then passed right by-And never knew.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton|The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls.
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Just take the weapon you hold in your hand and drive it through his heart," Valentine's voice was soft. "One simple motion. Nothing you haven't done before."Jace met his father's stare with a level gaze. "I saw Agramon," he said. "It had your 
Stephen King|The 3 types of terror: The Gross-out: the sight of a severed head tumbling down a flight of stairs, it's when the lights go out and something green and slimy splatters against your arm. The Horror: the unnatural, spiders the size of bears, the dead waking up and walking around, it's when the lights go out and something with claws grabs you by the arm. And the last and worse one: Terror, when you come home and notice everything you own had been taken away and replaced by an exact substitute. It's when the lights go out and you feel something behind you, you hear it, you feel its breath against your ear, but when you turn around, there's nothing there...
John Green, Looking for Alaska|That is the fear: I have lost something important, and I cannot find it, and I need it. It is fear like if someone lost his glasses and went to the glasses store and they told him that the world had run out of glasses and he would just have to do without.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|Because fear kills everything," Mo had once told her. "Your mind, your heart, your imagination.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Oh, my sweet summer child," Old Nan said quietly, "what do you know of fear?Fear is for the winter, my little lord, when the snows fall a hundred feetdeep and the ice wind comes howling out of the north. Fear is for the longnight, when the sun hides its face for years at a time, and little childrenare born and live and die all in darkness while the direwolves grow gaunt andhungry, and the white walkers move through the woods
Lemony Snicket|There are two kinds of fears: rational and irrational- or in simpler terms, fears that make sense and fears that don't.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|There's no shame in fear, my father told me, what matters is how we face it.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|The human race is a monotonous affair. Most people spend the greatest part of their time working in order to live, and what little freedom remains so fills them with fear that they seek out any and every means to be rid of it.
Audre Lorde|When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Monsters come in all shapes and sizes. Some of them are things people are scared of. Some of them are things that look like things people used to be scared of a long time ago. Sometimes monsters are things people should be scared of, but they aren't.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Take it from me: If you hear the past speaking to you, feel it tugging up your back and runing its fingers up your spine, the best thing to do-the only thing-is run.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Laughing Corpse|People are supposed to fear the unknown, but ignorance is bliss when knowledge is so damn frightening.
Gerald G. Jampolsky|When we think we have been hurt by someone in the past, we build up defenses to protect ourselves from being hurt in the future. So the fearful past causes a fearful future and the past and future become one. We cannot love when we feel fear.... When we release the fearful past and forgive everyone, we will experience total love and oneness with all.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|Like a word on a page that you’ve printed and read a million times, that suddenly looks strange or wrong, foreign. And you feel scared for a second, like you’ve lost something, even if you’re not sure what it is.
Bertrand Russell, Unpopular Essays|Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Alfred Hitchcock|Fear isn't so difficult to understand. After all, weren't we all frightened as children? Nothing has changed since Little Red Riding Hood faced the big bad wolf. What frightens us today is exactly the same sort of thing that frightened us yesterday. It's just a different wolf. This fright complex is rooted in every individual.
Lady Gaga|All that ever holds somebody back, I think, is fear. For a minute I had fear. [Then] I went into the [dressing] room and shot my fear in the face...
Bram Stoker, Dracula|I am all in a sea of wonders. I doubt; I fear; I think strange things, which I dare not confess to my own soul.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|He who fears he shall suffer, already suffers what he fears.
Lemony Snicket|Is it useful to feel fear, because it prepares you for nasty events, or is it useless, because nasty events will occur whether you are frightened or not?
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Women scheme when they are weak, they lie out of fear. Men scheme when they are strong, they lie out of arrogance.
Franz Kafka, Letters to Milena|I am constantly trying to communicate something incommunicable, to explain something inexplicable, to tell about something I only feel in my bones and which can only be experienced in those bones. Basically it is nothing other than this fear we have so often talked about, but fear spread to everything, fear of the greatest as of the smallest, fear, paralyzing fear of pronouncing a word, although this fear may not only be fear but also a longing for something greater than all that is fearful.
Audre Lorde|For the master’s tools will never dismantle the master’s house. They may allow us to temporarily beat him at his own game, but they will never enable us to bring about genuine change. Racism and homophobia are real conditions of all our lives in this place and time. I urge each one of us here to reach down into that deep place of knowledge inside herself and touch that terror and loathing of any difference that lives here. See whose face it wears. Then the personal as the political can begin to illuminate all our choices.
Don DeLillo|How strange it is. We have these deep terrible lingering fears about ourselves and the people we love. Yet we walk around, talk to people, eat and drink. We manage to function. The feelings are deep and real. Shouldn't they paralyze us? How is it we can survive them, at least for a little while? We drive a car, we teach a class. How is it no one sees how deeply afraid we were, last night, this morning? Is it something we all hide from each other, by mutual consent? Or do we share the same secret without knowing it? Wear the same disguise?
Ray Bradbury|So few want to be rebels anymore. And out of those few, most, like myself, scare easily.
Will Smith|Fear is not real. The only place that fear can exist is in our thoughts of the future. It is a product of our imagination, causing us to fear things that do not at present and may not ever exist. That is near insanity. Do not misunderstand me danger is very real but fear is a choice.
Tana French, In the Woods|I had learned early to assume something dark and lethal hidden at the heart of anything I loved. When I couldn't find it, I responded, bewildered and wary, in the only way I knew how: by planting it there myself.
Tamora Pierce, Cold Fire|The bravest person I know is afraid of the dark. She sleeps with a night lamp always, but if her friends are threatened? She suddenly thinks she's a bear twelve feet tall and attacks whoever scared her friends.
Melissa Marr, Ink Exchange|Talking won't change it. But sometimes it was what she wanted most, to tell someone; often, though, she just wanted to escape those horrid feelings, to escape herself, so there was no pain, no fear, no ugliness.
Colleen Hoover, Ugly Love|But the second she opened her eyes and looked at me, I knew. She was either going to be the death of me . . . or she was going to be the one who finally brought me back to life.
Samuel Johnson, A Journey to the Western Islands of  Scotland and The Journal of a Tour to the Hebrides|Men know that women are an overmatch for them, and therefore they choose the weakest or the most ignorant. If they did not think so, they never could be afraid of women knowing as much as themselves.
Sara Zarr, Story of a Girl|Forgetting isn't enough. You can paddle away from the memories and think they are gone. But they will keep floating back, again and again and agian. They circle you, like sharks. Until, unless, something, someone? Can do more than just cover the wound. 
Paulo Coelho|If you want to control someone, all you have to do is to make them feel afraid.
Deepak Chopra, The Third Jesus: The Christ We Cannot Ignore|If you try to get rid of fear and anger without knowing their meaning, they will grow stronger and return.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|We can never go back again, that much is certain. The past is still close to us. The things we have tried to forget and put behind us would stir again, and that sense of fear, of furtive unrest, struggling at length to blind unreasoning panic - now mercifully stilled, thank God - might in some manner unforeseen become a living companion as it had before.
Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky|If there was no fear, how could there be comfort? Or courage?
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|In an extroverted society, the difference between an introvert and an extrovert is that an introvert is often unconsciously deemed guilty until proven innocent.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|A cold wind was blowing from the north, and it made the trees rustle like living things.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Guilty Pleasures|Most hatred is based on fear, one way or another. Yeah. I wrapped myself in anger, with a dash of hate, and at the bottom of it all was an icy center of pure terror.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear. I am not afraid, but the sensation is like being afraid. The same fluttering in the stomach, the same restlessness, the yawning. I keep on swallowing.At other times it feels like being mildly drunk, or concussed. There is a sort of invisible blanket between the world and me. I find it hard to take in what anyone says. Or perhaps, hard to want to take it in. It is so uninteresting. Yet I want the others to be about me. I dread the moments when the house is empty. If only they would talk to one another and not to me.
Sharon Creech, Walk Two Moons|What I have since realized is that if people expect you to be brave, sometimes you pretend that you are, even when you are frightened down to your very bones. 
Bertrand Russell, Unpopular Essays|Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|There are many who don't wish to sleep for fear of nightmares. Sadly, there are many who don't wish to wake for the same fear.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|There is a strange moment in time, after something horrible happens, when you know it's true, but you haven't told anyone yet.
Stephen King, It|Eddie discovered one of his childhood's great truths. Grownups are the real monsters, he thought.
Aung San Suu Kyi, Freedom from Fear|Within a system which denies the existence of basic human rights, fear tends to be the order of the day. Fear of imprisonment, fear of torture, fear of death, fear of losing friends, family, property or means of livelihood, fear of poverty, fear of isolation, fear of failure. A most insidious form of fear is that which masquerades as common sense or even wisdom, condemning as foolish, reckless, insignificant or futile the small, daily acts of courage which help to preserve man's self-respect and inherent human dignity. It is not easy for a people conditioned by fear under the iron rule of the principle that might is right to free themselves from the enervating miasma of fear. Yet even under the most crushing state machinery courage rises up again and again, for fear is not the natural state of civilized man.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Even if she be not harmed, her heart may fail her in so much and so many horrors; and hereafter she may suffer--both in waking, from her nerves, and in sleep, from her dreams.
James Joyce|Secrets, silent, stony sit in the dark palaces of both our hearts: secrets weary of their tyranny: tyrants willing to be dethroned.
R.M. Drake|She slept with wolves without fear, for the wolves knew a lion was among them.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|Children have a lesson adults should learn, to not be ashamed of failing, but to get up and try again. Most of us adults are so afraid, so cautious, so 'safe,' and therefore so shrinking and rigid and afraid that it is why so many humans fail. Most middle-aged adults have resigned themselves to failure.
Tetsuko Kuroyanagi, Totto-chan: The Little Girl at the Window|Having eyes, but not seeing beauty; having ears, but not hearing music; having minds, but not perceiving truth; having hearts that are never moved and therefore never set on fire. These are the things to fear, said the headmaster.
Rudyard Kipling, The Collected Works|Of all the liars in the world, sometimes the worst are our own fears.
Jenny  Lawson, Furiously Happy: A Funny Book About Horrible Things|When you come out of the grips of a depression there is an incredible relief, but not one you feel allowed to celebrate. Instead, the feeling of victory is replaced with anxiety that it will happen again, and with shame and vulnerability when you see how your illness affected your family, your work, everything left untouched while you struggled to survive. We come back to life thinner, paler, weaker … but as survivors. Survivors who don’t get pats on the back from coworkers who congratulate them on making it. Survivors who wake to more work than before because their friends and family are exhausted from helping them fight a battle they may not even understand. I hope to one day see a sea of people all wearing silver ribbons as a sign that they understand the secret battle, and as a celebration of the victories made each day as we individually pull ourselves up out of our foxholes to see our scars heal, and to remember what the sun looks like.
Margaret Atwood, CAT'S EYE.|I lie on the floor, washed by nothing and hanging on. I cry at night. I am afraid of hearing voices, or a voice. I have come to the edge, of the land. I could get pushed over.
Ivo Andrić|One shouldn't be afraid of the humans. Well, I am not afraid of the humans, but of what is inhuman in them.
Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac|My heart always timidly hides itself behind my mind. I set out to bring down stars from the sky, then, for fear of ridicule, I stop and pick little flowers of eloquence.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|I’ll tell you now. That silence almost beat me. It’s the silence that scares me. It’s the blank page on which I can write my own fears. The spirits of the dead have nothing on it. The dead one tried to show me hell, but it was a pale imitation of the horror I can paint on the darkness in a quiet moment.
Jules Renard|If you are afraid of being lonely, don't try to be right.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads; to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.
Hajime Isayama, Attack on Titan, Vol. 1|On that day, mankind received a grim reminder. We lived in fear of the Titans and were disgraced to live in these cages we called walls.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|Fear, to a great extent, is born of a story we tell ourselves...
Hunter S. Thompson, The Great Shark Hunt: Strange Tales from a Strange Time|In a nation run by swine, all pigs are upward-mobile and the rest of us are fucked until we can put our acts together: not necessarily to win, but mainly to keep from losing completely.
Mercedes Lackey, Brightly Burning|Give your enemy a face, If he is human, do not dehumanize him. Know him and know why he is your enemy. If your enemy is within you, understand what it is and why you are afraid. Put a face on your fear. When you understand it, and it is no longer vague and shapeless, you will find that your fear is no longer so formidable.
Terence McKenna|We have been to the moon, we have charted the depths of the ocean and the heart of the atom, but we have a fear of looking inward to ourselves because we sense that is where all the contradictions flow together.
Pittacus Lore, The Rise of Nine|I know what I'm capable of; I am a soldier now, a warrior. I am someone to fear, not hunt.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|When you teach them-teach them not to fear. Fear is good in small amounts, but when it is a constant, pounding companion, it cuts away at who you are and makes it hard to do what you know is right.
Bret Easton Ellis, Less Than Zero|People are afraid to merge on freeways in Los Angeles. This is the first thing I hear when I come back to the city. Blair picks me up from LAX and mutters this under her breath as she drives up the onramp. She says, "People are afraid to merge on freeways in Los Angeles." Though that sentence shouldn't bother me, it stays in my mind for an uncomfortably long time. Nothing else seems to matter. Not the fact that I'm eighteen and it's December and the ride on the plane had been rough and the couple from Santa Barbara, who were sitting across from me in first class, had gotten pretty drunk. Not the mud that had splattered on the legs of my jeans, which felt kind of cold and loose, earlier that day at an airport in New Hampshire. Not the stain on the arm of the wrinkled, damp shirt I wear, a shirt which looked fresh and clean this morning. Not the tear on the neck of my gray argyle vest, which seems vaguely more eastern than before, especially next to Blair's clean tight jeans and her pale-blue shirt. All of this seems irrelevant next to that one sentence. It seems easier to hear that people are afraid to merge than "I'm pretty sure Muriel is anorexic" or the singer on the radio crying out about magnetic waves. Nothing else seems to matter to me but those ten words. Not the warm winds, which seem to propel the car down the empty asphalt freeway, or the faded smell of marijuana which still faintly permeates Blaire's car. All it comes down to is the fact that I'm a boy coming home for a month and meeting someone whom I haven't seen for four months and people are afraid to merge.
Patricia Briggs, When Demons Walk|Fear makes idiots out of us all, at some time or other.
Martin Amis, Other People|Life is made of fear. Some people eat fear soup three times a day. Some people eat fear soup all the meals there are. I eat it sometimes. When they bring me fear soup to eat, I try not to eat it, I try to send it back. But sometimes I'm too afraid to and have to eat it anyway.
Bernard Beckett, Genesis|Human spirit is the ability to face the uncertainty of the future with curiosity and optimism. It is the belief that problems can be solved, differences resolved. It is a type of confidence. And it is fragile. It can be blackened by fear, and superstition. By the year 2050, when the conflict began, the world had fallen upon fearful, superstitious times.
Marjane Satrapi, The Complete Persepolis|When we're afraid, we lose all sense of analysis and reflection. Our fear paralyzes us. Besides, fear has always been the driving force behind all dictators' repression.
Jim Butcher, Summer Knight|Karrin."She looked up at me. She looked very young somehow."Remember what I said yesterday," I said. "You're hurt. But you'll get through it. You'll be okay."She closed her eyes tightly. "I'm scared. So scared I'm sick.""You'll get through it.""What if I don't?"I squeezed her fingers. "Then I will personally make fun of you every day for the rest of your life," I said. "I will call you a sissy girl in front of everyone you know, tie frilly aprons on your car, and lurk in the parking lot at CPD and whistle and tell you to shake it, baby. Every. Single. Day."Murphy's breath escaped in something like a hiccup. She opened her eyes, a mix of anger and wary amusement easing into them in place of fear. "You do realize I'm holding a gun, right?
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|Fear can make you do more wrong than hate or jealousy... fear makes you always, always hold something back.
Jim Morrison|We fear violence less than our own feelings. Personal, private, solitary pain is more terrifying than what anyone else can inflict.
Tupac Shakur|Fear is stronger than love, remember that. Fear is stronger than love, all that love I gave didn't mean nothing when it came to fear.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|I feel keeping a promise to yourself is a direct reflection of the love you have for yourself. I used to make promises to myself and find them easy to break. Today, I love myself enough to not only make a promise to myself, but I love myself enough to keep that promise
Frank Herbert, Dune|Try looking into that place where you dare not look! You'll find me there, staring out at you!
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|The journey I'm taking is inside me. Just like blood travels down veins, what I'm seeing is my inner self and what seems threatening is just the echo of the fear in my heart.
Iyanla Vanzant|If you are afraid to take a chance, take one anyway. What you don't do can create the same regrets as the mistakes you make.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|We all wind up drawn to what we're afraid of, drawn to try to find a way to make ourselves safe from a thing by crawling inside of it, by loving it, by becoming it.
Caroline Kettlewell, Skin Game|The fear of an unknown never resolves, because the unknown expands infinitely outward, leaving you to cling pitifully to any small shelter of the known: a cracker has twelve calories; the skin, when cut, bleeds.
Stephen King|If a fear cannot be articulated, it can't be conquered.
James M. Cain, The Postman Always Rings Twice|Love, when you get fear in it, it's not love any more. It's hate.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|Sometimes good choices are really bad ones, wrapped up in so much fear you can't even see straight.
Banana Yoshimoto, Asleep|Her eyes were those of someone who's just fallen in love, someone who sees nothing but her lover, someone who has no fear of anything. The eyes of someone who believes that every dream will come true, that reality will move if you just give it a push.
George Orwell, 1984|Sometimes they threaten you with something - something you can't stand up to, can't even think about. And then you say, "Don't do it to me, do it to somebody else, do it to So-and-so." And perhaps you might pretend, afterwards, that it was only a trick and that you just said it to make them stop and didn't mean it. But that isn't true. At the time when it happens you do mean it. You think there's no other way of saving yourself, and you're quite ready to save yourself that way. You WANT it to happen to the other person. You don't give a damn what they suffer. All you care is yourself.
Stacey Jay, Juliet Immortal|Fear can force obedience, but it can never transform a heart.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|People are supossed to aspire to become their fathers, not shudder at the thought.
Kristin Hannah, The Nightingale|I am a mother and mothers don’t have the luxury of falling apart in front of their children, even when they are afraid, even when their children are adults.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Gratitude looks to the Past and love to the Present; fear, avarice, lust, and ambition look ahead.
Anthony Robbins|When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears.
Cupcake Brown, A Piece of Cake|Always remember the acronym for "FEAR" can mean one of two things: Fuck Everything And Run or Face Everything And Recover.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|Coraline shivered. She preferred her other mother to have a location: if she were nowhere, then she could be anywhere. And, after all, it is always easier to be afraid of something you cannot see.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|I was Ashallayn’darkmyr Tallyn, son of Mab, former prince of the Unseelie Court, and I was not afraid of a witch on a broom.
Sharon Creech, Walk Two Moons|It seems to me that we can’t explain all the truly awful things in the world like war and murder and brain tumors, and we can’t fix these things, so we look at the frightening things that are closer to us and we magnify them until they burst open. Inside is something that we can manage, something that isn’t as awful as it had a first seemed. It is a relief to discover that although there might be axe murderers and kidnappers in the world, most people seem a lot like us: sometimes afraid and sometimes brave, sometimes cruel and sometimes kind.
Steve Goodier|I have not always chosen the safest path. I've made my mistakes, plenty of them. I sometimes jump too soon and fail to appreciate the consequences. But I've learned something important along the way: I've learned to heed the call of my heart. I've learned that the safest path is not always the best path and I've learned that the voice of fear is not always to be trusted.
Carlos Castañeda, The Active Side of Infinity|Forget the self and you will fear nothing, in whatever level or awareness you find yourself to be.
Laurell K. Hamilton|Only those who have never known fear are allowed to think less of others for being afraid. Frankly, I think anyone who has never been afraid of anything in their entire life is either a liar or lacks imagination.
Steve Chandler, Reinventing Yourself: How to Become the Person You've Always Wanted to Be|Do it badly; do it slowly; do it fearfully; do it any way you have to, but do it.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|This, she realizes, is the basis of all fear. That a light you are powerless to stop will turn on you and usher a bullet to its mark.
John Green, Paper Towns|Standing before this building, I learn something about fear. I learn that it is not the idle fantasies of someone who maybe wants something important to happen to him, even if the important thing is horrible. It is not the disgust of seeing a dead stranger, and not the breathlessness of hearing a shotgun pumped outside of Becca Arrington’s house. This cannot be addressed by breathing exercises. This fear bears no analogy to any fear I knew before. This is the basest of all possible emotions, the feeling that was with us before we existed, before this building existed, before the earth existed. This is the fear that made fish crawl onto dry land and evolve lungs, the fear that teaches us to run, the fear that makes us bury our dead.
Bree Despain, The Dark Divine|Jude was good. But he let his fear and jealousy get to him." Daniel shrugged. "'Fear leads toanger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to the dark side.
Pema Chödrön, The Places that Scare You|A further sign of health is that we don't become undone by fear and trembling, but we take it as a message that it's time to stop struggling and look directly at what's threatening us. 
Piers Anthony, Castle Roogna|Being terrified but going ahead and doing what must be done—that's courage. The one who feels no fear is a fool, and the one who lets fear rule him is a coward.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|I'd still thought that everything I thought about that night-the shame, the fear-would fade in time. But that hadn't happened. Instead, the things that I remembered, these little details, seemed to grow stronger, to the point where I could feel their weight in my chest. Nothing, however stuck with me more than the memory of stepping into that dark room and what I found there, and how the light then took that nightmare and made it real.
Marilyn Manson|Find what you are afraid of, face it, and then you won't be afraid of it anymore.
Shannon L. Alder|When you stop living your life based on what others think of you real life begins. At that moment, you will finally see the door of self acceptance opened.
Ally Carter, Uncommon Criminals|Fear is a weakness. It makes a person lose her nerve and her cool. It makes people jumpy and organizations nervous, and when that happens, there is always a chance to take advantage.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|A generous heart is always open, always ready to receive our going and coming. In the midst of such love we need never fear abandonment. This is the most precious gift true love offers - the experience of knowing we always belong.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|The lizard brain is hungry, scared, angry, and horny.The lizard brain only wants to eat and be safe.The lizard brain will fight (to the death) if it has to, but would rather run away. It likes a vendetta and has no trouble getting angry.The lizard brain cares what everyone else thinks, because status in the tribe is essential to its survival.A squirrel runs around looking for nuts, hiding from foxes, listening for predators, and watching for other squirrels. The squirrel does this because that's all it can do. All the squirrel has is a lizard brain.The only correct answer to 'Why did the chicken cross the road?' is 'Because it's lizard brain told it to.' Wild animals are wild because the only brain they posses is a lizard brain.The lizard brain is not merely a concept. It's real, and it's living on the top of your spine, fighting for your survival. But, of course, survival and success are not the same thing.The lizard brain is the reason you're afraid, the reason you don't do all the art you can, the reason you don't ship when you can. The lizard brain is the source of the resistance.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 4: 1944-1947|The important task of literature is to free man, not to censor him, and that is why Puritanism was the most destructive and evil force which ever oppressed people and their literature: it created hypocrisy, perversion, fears, sterility.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Could be. I’m a pretty dangerous dude when I’m cornered.”“Yeah,” said the voice from under the table, “you go to pieces so fast people get hit by the shrapnel.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I must say a word about fear. It is life's only true opponent. Only fear can defeat life. It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I know. It has no decency, respects no law or convention, shows no mercy. It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unerring ease. It begins in your mind, always. One moment you are feeling calm, self-possessed, happy. Then fear, disguised in the garb of mild-mannered doubt, slips into your mind like a spy.
Sara Teasdale|Child, child, love while you can The voice and the eyes and the soul of a man; Never fear though it break your heart-Out of the wound new joy will start; Only love proudly and gladly and well, Though love be heaven or love be hell.Child, child, love while you may, For life is short as a happy day; Never fear the thing you feel-Only by love is life made real; Love, for the deadly sins are seven, Only through love will you enter heaven.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|The best thing—in Shadow's opinion, perhaps the only good thing—about being in prison was a feeling of relief. The feeling that he'd plunged as low as he could plunge and he'd hit bottom. He didn't worry that the man was going to get him, because the man had got him. He was no longer scared of what tomorrow might bring, because yesterday had brought it.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|my imagination persisted in sticking horrors into the dark- so I stuck my imagination into the dark instead, and let it look out at me.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|The rhythm of the footsteps, the sound of whatever is coming down the ladder is driving both me and my mom steadily toward peeing our pants.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|Fear is a strange soil. It grows obedience like corn, which grow in straight lines to make weeding easier. But sometimes it grows the potatoes of defiance, which flourish underground.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|She seemed to know, to accept, to welcome her position, the citadel of the family, the strong place that could not be taken. And since old Tom and the children could not know hurt or fear unless she acknowledged hurt or fear, she had practiced denying them in herself. And since, when a joyful thing happened, they looked to see whether joy was on her, it was her habit to build laughter out of inadequate materials....She seemed to know that if she swayed the family shook, and if she ever deeply wavered or despaired the family would fall.
Marilynne Robinson, Home|She knew that was not an honest prayer, and she did not linger over it. The right prayer would have been, Lord . . . I am miserable and bitter at heart, and old fears are rising up in me so that everything I do makes everything worse.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|The light of a new day always chases the shadows of the night away, and shows us that the shape of our fears is only the ghost of our own minds.
Christopher Pike, The Last Vampire|When you were in love, you knew no fear or hatred. When you were fearful, there was no possibility of love or hate. And when there was hate, there was only hate.
Mark Walden, The Overlord Protocol|We have nothing to fear but fear itself," Otto replied. "Oh, and a megalomaniacal headmaster, the world's deadliets assassin, giant mutated plant monsters, an international cartel of supervillains, and the security forces of every country on earth, but other than that...just fear.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|After all, when a stone is dropped into a pond, the water continues quivering even after the stone has sunk to the bottom.
Marie Lu, The Rose Society|Fear motivates, more than love or ambition or joy. Fear is more powerful than anything else in the world. I have spent so long yearning for things—for love, for acceptance—that I do not really need. I need nothing except the submission that comes with fear. I do not know why it took me so long to learn this.
Ivo Andrić|If people would know how little brain is ruling the world, they would die of fear.
Jim Butcher, Ghost Story|Courage is about learning how to function despite the fear, to put aside your instincts to run or give in completely to the anger born from fear. Courage is about using your brain and your heart when every cell of your body is screaming at your to fight or flee - and then following through on what you believe is the right thing to do.
Libba Bray, The Diviners|People always fear what they don't understand, Evangeline. History proves that.
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|Conquer the world by intelligence, and not merely by being slavishly subdued by the terror that comes from it.
William Stafford|...What you fear will not go away; it will take you into yourself and bless you and keep you. That's the world, and we all live there.
Shirley Jackson, We Have Always Lived in the Castle|Poor strangers, they have so much to be afraid of.
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica Rules the Dark Side|Fear is the worst kind of grave, because it buries one alive.
Winston S. Churchill, Blood, Sweat and Tears|You see these dictators on their pedestals, surrounded by the bayonets of their soldiers and the truncheons of their police ... yet in their hearts there is unspoken fear. They are afraid of words and thoughts: words spoken abroad, thoughts stirring at home -- all the more powerful because forbidden -- terrify them. A little mouse of thought appears in the room, and even the mightiest potentates are thrown into panic.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|Surely if we knew what bitterness fate held in store, we would shrink back in fear and let the cup of life pass us by untasted.
J.K. Rowling|I am very frustrated by fear of imagination, I don’t think that’s healthy.
Nadia Comaneci|I don't run away from a challenge because I am afraid. Instead, I run towards it because the only way to escape fear is to trample it beneath your foot
Christopher Pike, The Last Vampire|I turned to look into his face one last time. It was as if I could see the whole universe in his eyes. Maybe he was God, maybe he was simply enlightened. I didn't care right then, in that blessed moment, I just loved him. Later, though, the love was to turn to hate, to fear. They seemed so opposite, the feelings, yet they were all one note on his flute.
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|Fear," the doctor said, "is the relinquishment of logic, the willing relinquishing of reasonable patterns. We yield to it or we fight it, but we cannot meet it halfway.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|Fear, to a great extent, is born of a story we tell ourselves, and so I chose to tell myself a different story from the one women are told. I decided I was safe. I was strong. I was brave. Nothing could vanquish me. Insisting on this story was a form of mind control, but for the most part, it worked.
Tera Lynn Childs, Forgive My Fins|I did it," I gasp, still reeling from the thrill and the fear. "I really-" Quince's mouth is on mine in an instant. His arms around my waist, mine around his neck. It's the fear, i know it's the fear. And the bond. And the adrenaline. That whole i-was-this-close-to-death-and-really-really-really-glad-to-be-alive emotional response. Anxiety and relief and joy swirl between us until i can't tell which are his and which are mine. I can't not be kissing him right now. The urgency in his kiss tells me he feels the same.
Mel Brooks|Everything we do in life is based on fear, especially love.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Voldemort is playing a very clever game. Declaring himself might have provoked open rebellion. Remaining masked has created confusion, uncertainty, and fear.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|But it doesn't take a thousand men to open a door, my lord.""It might to keep it open.
Ron Hall|Most people want to be circled by safety, not by the unexpected. The unexpected can take you out. But the unexpected can also take you over and change your life. Put a heart in your body where a stone used to be.
Rabindranath Tagore|Obstinate are the trammels, but my heart aches when I try to break them. Freedom is all I want, but to hope for it I feel ashamed. I am certain that priceless wealth is in thee, and that thou art my best friend, but I have not the heart to sweep away the tinsel that fills my room. The shroud that covers me is a shroud of dust and death; I hate it, yet hug it in love. My debts are large, my failures great, my shame secret and heavy; yet when I come to ask for my good, I quake in fear lest my prayer be granted.
Alexander Gordon Smith, Solitary|When you're scared - and I mean really scared, not just hearing a noise in the night, or standing toe to toe with someone twice your size who wants to pound you into the earth - it feels as if you're being injected with darkness. It's like black water as cold as ice settling in your body where your blood and marrow used to be, pushing every other feeling out as it fills you from your feet to your scalp. It leaves you with nothing.
Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith|A witch ought never to be frightened in the darkest forest, Granny Weatherwax had once told her, because she should be sure in her soul that the most terrifying thing in the forest was her.
Shannon L. Alder|Arrogance is someone claiming to have come to Christ, but they won't spend more than five minutes listening to your journey because they are more concerned about their own well being, rather than being a true disciple of Christ. Blessed is the person that takes the time to heal and hear another person so they can move on.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|You shouldn't have asked," I said. "Love doesn't ask many questions, because if we stop to think we become fearful. It's an inexplicable fear; it's difficult even to describe it. Maybe it's the fear of being scorned, of not being accepted, or of breaking the spell. It's ridiculous, but that's the way it is. That's why you don't ask-you act. As you've said many times, you have to take risks.
Vashti Quiroz-Vega|Don’t turn your face away. Once you’ve seen, you can no longer act like you don’t know.Open your eyes to the truth. It’s all around you.Don’t deny what the eyes to your soul have revealed to you.Now that you know, you cannot feign ignorance.Now that you’re aware of the problem, you cannot pretend you don’t care.To be concerned is to be human.To act is to care.
George Packer|At the heart of the matter is a battle between wish and fear. Fear generally proves stronger than a wish, but it leaves a taste of disappointment on the tongue.
Jennifer Rardin, Once Bitten, Twice Shy|Fear sucks. Because you never know when it will attack. Sometimes it sneaks up behind you, giggling like your best girlfriend from seventh grade. Then it whacks you on the back of the head, takes you straight to your knees before you realize what hit you. Other times you can see it coming, just a dot on the horizon, but you're like a canary in a cage. All you can do is hang in there and hope you don't get motion sickness and puke all over the newspapers.
Marya Hornbacher, Wasted: A Memoir of Anorexia and Bulimia|In her presence, I was reminded again of why I was an anoretic: fear. Of my needs, for food, for sleep, for touch, for simple conversation, for human contact, for love. I was an anoretic because I was afraid of being human. Implicit in human contact is the exposure of the self, the interaction of the selves. The self I'd had, once upon a time, was too much. Now there was no self at all. I was a blank.
Avril Ashton, A Sinner Born|I hurt myself,” Syren bit out. “I make myself bleed and it feels good. It eases the pressure inside me, but it never lasts for long.” His lips trembled. “Before I slept in your bed, I’d never had a full night’s sleep. Before I crawled into your arms I’d never been safe.” He shuffled forward. “You give me that. You hold that power and you can take it away.
Geneen Roth, Women, Food and God: An Unexpected Path to Almost Everything|Imagine not being frightened by any feeling. Imagine knowing that nothing will destroy you. That you are beyond any feeling, an state. Bigger than. Vaster than. That there is no reason to use drugs because anything a drug could do would pale in comparison to knowing who you are. To what you can understand, live, be, just by being with that presents itself to you in the form of the feelings you have...
Epictetus|Men are not afraid of things, but of how they view them.
Kohta Hirano, Hellsing, Vol. 01|The Bird of Hermes is my name, eating my wings to make me tame.
Alice  Miller, The Drama of the Gifted Child: The Search for the True Self|Without realizing that the past is constantly determining their present actions, they avoid learning anything about their history. They continue to live in their repressed childhood situation, ignoring the fact that is no longer exists, continuing to fear and avoid dangers that, although once real, have not been real for a long time.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|BEFRIENDING THE BODY Trauma victims cannot recover until they become familiar with and befriend the sensations in their bodies. Being frightened means that you live in a body that is always on guard. Angry people live in angry bodies. The bodies of child-abuse victims are tense and defensive until they find a way to relax and feel safe. In order to change, people need to become aware of their sensations and the way that their bodies interact with the world around them. Physical self-awareness is the first step in releasing the tyranny of the past.In my practice I begin the process by helping my patients to first notice and then describe the feelings in their bodies—not emotions such as anger or anxiety or fear but the physical sensations beneath the emotions: pressure, heat, muscular tension, tingling, caving in, feeling hollow, and so on. I also work on identifying the sensations associated with relaxation or pleasure. I help them become aware of their breath, their gestures and movements.All too often, however, drugs such as Abilify, Zyprexa, and Seroquel, are prescribed instead of teaching people the skills to deal with such distressing physical reactions. Of course, medications only blunt sensations and do nothing to resolve them or transform them from toxic agents into allies. The mind needs to be reeducated to feel physical sensations, and the body needs to be helped to tolerate and enjoy the comforts of touch. Individuals who lack emotional awareness are able, with practice, to connect their physical sensations to psychological events. Then they can slowly reconnect with themselves.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|Only the unknown frightens men. But once a man has faced the unknown, that terror becomes the known.
Maria V. Snyder, Magic Study|Your fear remains strong. You are not ready to face your story, preferring instead to surround yourself with knots. Someday, they will strangle you.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|But, with time, one has encountered many of the monsters, and one is increasingly less terrified of those still to be met.
Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood|At the beauty of what she had stumbled onto, at the fear that something terrible would happen because she was not vigilant enough. She cried at the fear of something so good that she would not be brave enough to bear it.
Ernest Hemingway|It's all nonsense. It's only nonsense. I'm not afraid of the rain. I am not afraid of the rain. Oh, oh, God, I wish I wasn't.
Whitney Otto, How to Make an American Quilt|The worst dream of the night, when you are parted from someone you love and you do not know exactly where he is, but you know that he is in the presence of danger. You are tormented by a desire to keep the one you love safe.
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Let the Right One In|-there was something in her, something that was...pure horror. Everything you were supposed to watch out for. Heights, fire, shards of glass, snakes, Everything that his mom tried so hard to keep him safe from.
Dale Carnegie, The Art of Public Speaking|Students of public speaking continually ask, "How can I overcomeself-consciousness and the fear that paralyzes me before anaudience?"Did you ever notice in looking from a train window that somehorses feed near the track and never even pause to look up at thethundering cars, while just ahead at the next railroad crossing afarmer's wife will be nervously trying to quiet her scared horse asthe train goes by?How would you cure a horse that is afraid of cars—graze him in aback-woods lot where he would never see steam-engines orautomobiles, or drive or pasture him where he would frequently seethe machines?Apply horse-sense to ridding yourself of self-consciousness andfear: face an audience as frequently as you can, and you will soon stop shying. You can never attainfreedom from stage-fright by reading a treatise. A book may giveyou excellent suggestions on how best to conduct yourself in thewater, but sooner or later you must get wet, perhaps even strangleand be "half scared to death." There are a great many "wetless"bathing suits worn at the seashore, but no one ever learns to swimin them. To plunge is the only way.
Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song|Don’t tell me you’re afraid of heights,” she said, shimmying along the edge.“Not heights,” he murmured. “Just falling.
Tonya Hurley, Ghostgirl|She was a dead girl having the worst panic attack shed ever had. Not because she was afraid of dying, but because she knew that she would never live again.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|That was how it was, sometimes. You put yourself in front of the thing and waited for whatever was going to happen and that was all. It scared you and it didn't matter. You stood and faced it. There was no outwitting anything. When Almondine had been playful, she had been playful in the face of that knowledge, as defiant as before the rabid thing. Sometimes you looked the thing in the eye and it turned away. Sometimes it didn't.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Robb says the man died bravely, but Jon says he was afraid.""What do you think?" his father asked.Bran thought about it. "can a man still be brave if he's afraid?""That is the only time a man can be brave," his father told him.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|One day, as Sarita tended to the wash, Gemma played in the garden. She was a knight, you see, with a sword fashioned out of wood. Most formidable, she was, though I didn't quite know how formidable. As I sat in my study, I heard screaming from outside. I ran to see what the commotion was. Sarita called to me, wide-eyed with fear, "Oh, Mr. Doyle, look- over there!" The tiger had entered the garden and was making his way toward where our Gemma frolicked with her wooden sword. Beside me, our house servant, Raj, drew his blade so stealthily it seemed to simply appear in his hand by magic. But Sarita stayed his hand. "If you run for him with your life, you will provoke the tiger," she advised. "We must wait."...I must tell you that it was the longest moment of my life. No one dared move. No one dared draw a breath. And all the while, Gemma played on, taking no notice until the great cat was upon her. She stood and faced him. They stared at one another as if each wondered what to make of the other, as if they sensed a kindred spirit. At last, Gemma placed her sword upon the ground. "Dear tiger," she said. "You may pass if you are peaceful." The tiger looked at the sword and back at Gemma, and without a sound, it passed on, dissappearing into the jungle."..."The tiger had gone. He did not come around a gain. But I was a man possessed. The tiger had come too close, you see. I no longer felt safe. I hired the best tracker in Bombay. We hunted for days, tracking the tiger to the mountains there. We found him taking water from a small watering hole. He looked up but he did not charge. He took no notice of us at all but continued to drink. "Sahib, let us go," the boy said. "This tiger means you no harm." He was right, of course. But we had come all that way. The gun was in my hand. The tiger was before us. I took aim and shot it dead on the spot. I sold the tiger's skin for a fortune to a man in Bombay, and he called me brave for it. But it was not courage that brought me to that; it was fear..."But you," he says, smiling with a mix of sadness and pride, "you faced the tiger and survived."..."The time has come for me to face my tiger, to look him in the eye and see which of us survives." - Mr. Doyle
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|Divorce lawyers stoke anger and fear in their clients, knowing that as long as the conflicts remain unresolved the revenue stream will keep flowing.
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Let the Right One In|What he was scared of was not that maybe she was a creature who survived by drinking other people's blood. No, it was that she might push him away.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Bullet|It's better to be loved than feared, but if you can't be loved, then fear will do.-Dino quoting Machiavelli
Garth Nix, Sabriel|Fear and realisation of ignorance, strong medicines against stupid pride.
J.R.R. Tolkien|This is the ending. Now not day only shall be beloved, but night too shall be beautiful and blessed and all its fear pass away.
Shannon L. Alder|True saddness is when someone still thinks your the same person after all these years. They brand you because of their own ego, fear and lack of spirituality. What's sadder is when they are Christian.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|It is a very strange sensation to inexperience youth to feel itself quite alone the world, cut adrift from every connection, uncertain whether the port to which it is bound can be reached, and prevented by many impediments from returning to that it has quitted. The charm of adventure sweetens that sensation, the glow of pride warms it; but then the throb of fear disturbs it; and fear with me became predominant when half an hour elapsed, and still I was alone.
Patricia A. McKillip, The Riddle-Master of Hed|If you have no faith in yourself, then have faith in the things you call truth. You know what must be done. You may not have courage or trust or understanding or the will to do it, but you know what must be done. You can't turn back. There is now answer behind you. You fear what you cannot name. So look at it and find a name for it. Turn your face forward and learn. Do what must be done.-Deth to Morgon, Prince of Hed-
Steve Goodier|Humor can make a serious difference. In the workplace, at home, in all areas of life – looking for a reason to laugh is necessary. A sense of humor helps us to get through the dull times, cope with the difficult times, enjoy the good times and manage the scary times.
Benedict Cumberbatch|One of the fears of having too much work is not having time to observe. And once you get recognised, there is nowhere for you to look any more. You can't sit on a night bus and watch it all happen.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The boy continued to listen to his heart as they crossed the desert. He came to understand its dodges and tricks, and to accept it as it was. He lost his fear, and forgot about his need to go back to the oasis, because, one afternoon, his heart told him that it was happy. "Even though I complain sometimes," it said, "it's because I'm the heart of a person, and people's hearts are that way. People are afraid to pursue their most important dreams, because they feel that they don't deserve them, or that they'll be unable to achieve them. We, their hearts, become fearful just thinking of loved ones who go away forever, or of moments that could have been good but weren't, or of treasures that might have been found but were forever hidden in the sands. Because, when these things happen, we suffer terribly.
Bernard of Clairvaux|Neither fear nor self-interest can convert the soul. They may change the appearance, perhaps even the conduct, but never the object of supreme desire... Fear is the motive which constrains the slave; greed binds the selfish man, by which he is tempted when he is drawn away by his own lust and enticed (James 1:14). But neither fear nor self-interest is undefiled, nor can they convert the soul. Only charity can convert the soul, freeing it from unworthy motives.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Although you hadn't asked why, it had less to do with you not noticing than with you not wanting to hear the answer.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|The moment of crisis had come, and I must face it. My old fears, my diffidence, my shyness, my hopeless sense of inferiority, must be conquered now and thrust aside. If I failed now I should fail forever.
Katherine Paterson, Bridge to Terabithia|Everybody gets scared sometimes, May Belle. You don't have to be ashamed.
Josh Lanyon, Somebody Killed His Editor|You know that thing about Death Be Not Proud? Well, Fear Be Not Proud either. And Fear Be Not Elegant. What Fear be is stumbling, bumbling flight, crashing through brush, slip-sliding on pine needles, sloshing through puddles that are always deeper than you expect.
George Bernard Shaw|If you take too long in deciding what to do with your life, you'll find you've done it.
Dan Barker, Losing Faith in Faith: From Preacher to Atheist|I do understand what love is, and that is one of the reasons I can never again be a Christian. Love is not self denial. Love is not blood and suffering. Love is not murdering your son to appease your own vanity. Love is not hatred or wrath, consigning billions of people to eternal torture because they have offended your ego or disobeyed your rules. Love is not obedience, conformity, or submission. It is a counterfeit love that is contingent upon authority, punishment, or reward. True love is respect and admiration, compassion and kindness, freely given by a healthy, unafraid human being.
Anonymous, The Qur'an / القرآن الكريم|And whosoever fears Allah and keeps his duty to Him, He will make a way for him to get out (from every difficulty).And He will provide him from (sources) he never could imagine.
Rachel Klein, The Moth Diaries|She goes where she pleases. She appears unhoped for, uncalled for. She moves through doors and walls and windows. Her thoughts move through minds. She enters dreams. She vanishes and is still there. She knows the future and sees through flesh. She is not afraid of anything.
Stephen King, 'Salem's Lot: Illustrated Edition|Before drifting away entirely, he found himself reflecting---not for the first time---on the peculiarity of adults. Thet took laxatives, liquor, or sleeping pills to drive away their terrors so that sleep would come, and their terrors were so tame and domestic: the job, the money, what the teacher will think if I can't get Jennie nicer clothes, does my wife still love me, who are my friends. They were pallid compared to the fears every child lies cheek and jowl with in his dark bed, with no one to confess to in hope of perfect understanding but another child. There is no group therapy or psychiatry or community social services for the child who must cope with the thing under the bed or in the cellar every night, the thing which leers and capers and threatens just beyond the point where vision will reach. The same lonely battle must be fought night after night and the only cure is the eventual ossification of the imaginary faculties, and this is called adulthood.
Claire Legrand, The Cavendish Home for Boys and Girls|But it's hard to leave a place when you're tied to it by fear, when it's broken you with fear, when it's all you've ever known.
Simon Holt, The Devouring|If you don't learn how to be scared, you'll never really learn how to be brave.
Charles Bukowski, Mockingbird Wish Me Luck|I am too sick to lay downthe sidewalks frighten methe whole damned city frightens me,what I will becomewhat I have becomefrightens me.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|I'll tell them that on bad mornings, it feels impossible to take pleasure in anything because I'm afraid it could be taken away.
Eckhart Tolle|When you no longer perceive the world as hostile, there is no more fear, and when there is no more fear, you think, speak and act differently.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|My whole life, I had thought that my story was, again and again: Once upon a time, there was a boy, and he had to risk everything to keep what he loved. But really, the story was: Once upon a time, there was a boy, and his fear ate him alive.
Michael  Grant, Fear|No one vinces me, baby
Simon Holt, The Devouring|If you dont know learn how to be scared, you'll never really learn how to be brave.
Laurie R. King|That's what tears are for, you know, to wash away the fear and cool the hate.
Erica Jong, Fear of Flying|Though my friends envied me because I always seemed so cheerful and confident, I was secretly terrified of practically everything.
Jesse Browner|…there is also an underlying, less specific fear - what some might call an ontological or existential anxiety - that shrouds our days and seeps into our dreams. We feel empty and seek meaning. We feel empty and seek meaning. We yearn and know not what we yearn for. There is a black hole at the center of our understanding that engulfs and crushes our every attempt to explore it. Something is missing. 
Justina Chen, North of Beautiful|If art made you think, then this was Art. Staring at the ball, made of layers and layers of cloth, I wondered about the glass marble at its heart. What if you wanted to reach that marble? Make sure it was still whole?You'd have to remove the layers. You'd have to risk breaking the ball for a chance at freeing it. Fear, knowledge, certainty - you'd have to be willing to let them all go.
Shannon L. Alder|When someone is stalking you because they think you are stalking them, it makes you wonder who really is the true stalker?
Farid ud-Din Attar, The Conference of the Birds|The hoopoe said: 'Your heart's congealed like ice;When will you free yourself from cowardice?Since you have such a short time to live here,What difference does it make? What should you fear?The world is filth and sin, and homeless menMust enter it and homeless leave again.They die, as worms, in squalid pain; if weMust perish in this quest, that, certainly,Is better than a life of filth and grief.If this great search is vain, if my beliefIs groundless, it is right that I should die.So many errors throng the world - then whyShould we not risk this quest? To suffer blameFor love is better than a life of shame.No one has reached this goal, so why appealTo those whose blindness claims it is unreal?I'd rather die deceived by dreams than giveMy heart to home and trade and never live.We've been and heard so much - what have we learned?Not for one moment has the self been spurned;Fools gather round and hinder our release.When will their stale, insistent whining cease?We have no freedom to achieve our goalUntil from Self and fools we free the soul.To be admitted past the veil you mustBe dead to all the crowd considers just.Once past the veil you understand the WayFrom which the crowd's glib courtiers blindly stray.If you have any will, leave women's stories,And even if this search for hidden gloriesProves blasphemy at last, be sure our questIs not mere talk but an exacting test.The fruit of love's great tree is poverty;Whoever knows this knows humility.When love has pitched his tent in someone's breast,That man despairs of life and knows no rest.Love's pain will murder him and blandly askA surgeon's fee for managing the task -The water that he drinks brings pain, his breadIs turned to blood immediately shed;Though he is weak, faint, feebler than an ant,Love forces him to be her combatant;He cannot take one mouthful unawareThat he is floundering in a sea of care.
Nadia Janice Brown|Fear is a bird that refuses to fly, and each time she neglects to use her wings, she consents to the slow death of her destiny.
Alice McDermott|If you want to see how far we have not come from the cave and the woods, from the lonely and dangerous days of the prarie or the plain, witness the reaction of a modern suburban family, nearly ready for bed, when the doorbell rings or the door is rattled. They will stop where they stand, or sit bolt upright in their beds, as if a streak of pure lightning has passed through the house. Eyes wide, voices fearful, they will whisper to each other, "There's someone at the door," in a way that might make you believe they have always feared and anticipated this moment - that they have spent their lives being stalked.
Sophocles, Oedipus Rex|Fear? What has a man to do with fear? Chance rules our lives, and the future is all unknown. Best live as we may, from day to day.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|I am as silent as death. Do this: Go to your bedroom. Your nice, safe, warm bedroom that is not a glass coffin behind a morgue door. Lie down on your bed not made of ice. Stick your fingers in your ears. Do you hear that? The pulse of life from your heart, the slow in-and-out from your lungs? Even when you are silent, even when you block out all noise, your body is still a cacophony of life. Mine is not. It is the silence that drives me mad. The silence that drives the nightmares to me. Because what if I am dead? How can someone without a beating heart, without breathing lungs live like I do? I must be dead. And this is my greatest fear: After 301 years, when they pull my glass coffin from this morgue, and they let my body thaw like chicken meat on the kitchen counter, I will be just like I am now. I will spend all of eternity trapped in my dead body. There is nothing beyond this. I will be locked within myself forever. And I want to scream. I want to throw open my eyes wake up and not be alone with myself anymore, but I can't. I can't.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|There is fear hanging in the air of the sleeping halls, and the air of the streets. Fear walks through the city, fear without name, without shape. All men feel it and none dare speak.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The pain of the narcissist is that, to him, everything is really a threat. What doesn't surrender in reverence is blasphemous to a high opinion of oneself - the burden of self-importance. The narcissist reconstructs his own law of gravity which states that all things and all creatures must adhere to his personal satisfaction, but when they do not, the pain is far more intense than it is for one who is free from the clamors of 'I'.
Robert Fanney|Courage is not the absence of fear or despair; it is the capacity to continue on despite them, no matter how great or overwhelming they become.
Teri Hall, The Line|Don't you see? You can't be brave without being afraid. The brave ones are always afraid. But they do what they must, even so.
Michael  Grant, The Call|You don't look so much like a great hero,' Jarrah said. 'I'm pretty sure I'm not,' Mack said wearily. 'My throat is hoarse from screaming in terror. I don't think heroes have that problem.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|For, so inconsistent is human nature, especially in the ideal, that not to undertake a thing at all seems better than to undertake and come short.
Anonymous, The Dhammapada|From the dear comes grief; From the dear comes fear.If you're freed from the dear You'll have no grief, let alone fear.
Edmund Burke, A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origin of our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful|The human mind is often, and I think it is for the most part, in a state neither of pain nor pleasure, which I call a state of indifference.
Aprilynne Pike, Destined|I've loved you for a long time, ' she said. 'But there was always something holding me back. Maybe it was that I was afraid of an emotion that was so consuming. It still frightens me,' she admitted in a whisper. Tamani chuckled. 'If it makes you feel any better, it scares the daylights out of me on a regular basis.
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|I never feared the night, not even as a child, but Blackcliff’s night is different, heavy with a silence that makes you look over your shoulder, a silence that feels like a living thing.
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|Then no matter where you are, in a crowded restaurant or on some desolate street or even in the comforts of your own home, you'll watch yourself dismantle every assurance you ever lived by. You'll stand aside as a great complexity intrudes, tearing apart, piece by piece, all your carefully conceived denials, whether deliberate or unconscious. And for better or worse you'll turn, unable to resist, though try to resist you still will, fighting with everything you've got not to face the thing you most dread, what is now, what will be, what has always come before, the creature you truly are, the creature we all are, buried in the nameless black of a name.And then the nightmares will begin.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|This is our big chance to see what people think of us. The real us. We have to show em there's nothing to be afraid of. If we don't get over our fears, they never will.
Jim Butcher, Grave Peril|Fear has a lot of flavors and textures. There's a sharp, silver fear that runs like lightning through your arms and legs, galvanizes you into action, power, motion. There's heavy, leaden fear that comes in ingots, piling up in your belly during the empty hours between midnight and morning, when everything is dark, every problem grows larger, and every wound and illness grows worse. And there is coppery fear, drawn tight as the strings of a violin, quavering on one single note that cannot possibly be sustained for a single second longer—but goes on and on and on, the tension before the crash of cymbals, the brassy challenge of the horns, the threatening rumble of the kettle drums. That's the kind of fear I felt. Horrible, clutching tension that left the coppery flavor of blood on my tongue. Fear of the creatures in the darkness around me, of my own weakness, the stolen power the Nightmare had torn from me. And fear for those around me, for the folk who didn't have the power I had.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|There is nothing to fear. Nothing to worry about. Grieve nothing in this transitory world," he says softly.
Yvonne Wood, Dead Beautiful|Grandfather : Death is nothing to be afraid of.Renee : It's not death I'm afraid of.Grandfather: What is it,
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Mari remembered what she had read in the young girl's eyes the moment she had come into the refectory: fear.Fear. Veronika might feel insecurity, shyness, shame, constraint, but why fear? That was only justifiable when confronted by a real threat: ferocious animals, armed attackers, earthquakes, but not a group of people gathered together in a refectory.But human beings are like that,' she thought. 'We've replaced nearly all our emotions with fear.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|We cannot be too cautious, Hannelore. Just because someone knocks on the door doesn't mean you have to open it. Sometimes, sweet girl, there are wolves at the door. If we are not careful, they might eat us.
Mark Helprin, Memoir from Antproof Case|When faced with something I fear, I tend to eat spaghetti.
Steve Berry, The Romanov Prophecy|The people can be forced to fear, but not to love.
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|Suddenly, like a thing falling upon me from without, came fear.
Michael  Grant, Fear|No, no, no, so not getting the point of fear. Because fear wasn't about what made sense. Fear was about possibilities. Not things that happened. Things that might.
Guy de Maupassant, Complete Works|I told myself: 'I am surrounded by unknown things.' I imagined man without ears, suspecting the existence of sound as we suspect so many hidden mysteries, man noting acoustic phenomena whose nature and provenance he cannot determine. And I grew afraid of everything around me – afraid of the air, afraid of the night. From the moment we can know almost nothing, and from the moment that everything is limitless, what remains? Does emptiness actually not exist? What does exist in this apparent emptiness?
Michael  Grant, Fear|It takes me a while to figure things out, doesn't it?" Edilio grinned. "Do me a favor. When you find Astrid, repeat that to her, word for word, the part about how it takes you a while. Then remember her exact reaction and tell me.
William Gurnall|We fear men so much, because we fear God so little.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|All I insist on, and nothing else, is that you should show the whole world that you are not afraid. Be silent, if you choose; but when it is necessary, speak—and speak in such a way that people will remember it.
Sarah Cross, Kill Me Softly|A naked blade hid nothing, feared nothing. She wanted to be like that. Because that was how you found yourself, created yourself. You didn't hide. You didn't wait for the perfect moment to settle on you like a butterfly, like 
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Good words," I replied. "But deeds must prove it also; and after he is well, remember you don't forget resolutions formed in the hour of fear.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|It is a true saying, that what you fear you find.
Lemony Snicket, The Dark|You might be afraid of the dark, but the dark is not afraid of you. That’s why the dark is always close by.
Bernard Beckett, Genesis|Unable to attribute misfortune to chance, unable to accept their ultimate insignificance within the greater scheme, the people looked for monsters in their midst.
Georges Bataille|To others, the universe seems decent because decent people have welded eyes. That is why they fear lewdness. They are never frightened by the crowing of a rooster or when strolling under a starry heaven. In general, people savor the "pleasures of the flesh" only on the condition that they may be insipid.
Jennifer Weiner, Certain Girls|Maybe it was inertia -or worse, fear- that was keeping me in the same place.
Stephen Richards|When you're scared, you stay as you are!
Nell Freudenberger, The Dissident|... you sometimes had to force people to say things they would rather not articulate, just so they could hear their own words. It was interesting the way people could know things and not know them at the same time. Denial, he said, was like a thick stone wall.
Jesse Eisenberg|If you're afraid of everything out there, you quit going out there.
Michael  Grant, Fear|There's a lot youdon't know, Sam. There's a lot I don't tell you. I know who I am. I know what I do, and what I am to this place.I know what I am to you, and how much you depend on me.You may be the symbol, and you may be the one everyone turns to when something goes bad, and you're the big badass, but I'm the guy doing the day-in, day-out work of running things. So I don't make this about me.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|All men live enveloped in whale-lines. All are born with halters round their necks; but it is only when caught in the swift, sudden turn of death, that mortals realize the silent, subtle, ever-present perils of life. And if you be a philosopher, though seated in the whale-boat, you would not at heart feel one whit more of terror, than though seated before your evening fire with a poker, and not a harpoon, by your side.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|Do research. Feed your talent. Research not only wins the war on cliche, it's the key to victory over fear and it's cousin, depression.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Turn on the faucet. Wash yourself with the emotion. It won’t hurt you. It will only help. If you let the fear inside, if you pull it on like a familiar shirt, then you can say to yourself, “All right, it’s just fear, I don’t have to let it control me. I see it for what it is".
Lenore Look, Allergic to Birthday Parties, Science Projects, and Other Man-made Catastrophes|It's a secret code," said Calvin. "Girls are not not like boys. If a boy wants to kill you, he says 'I'm going to kill you.' If a girl wants to kill you, she says, 'We need to talk.' That's the code."I gasped. "Has a girl ever wanted to talk to you?" I asked. "Yup," said Calvin."How come you're still alive?" I asked."I vomited," said Calvin.
Alexander Lowen, Fear of Life|The most effective weapon a parent has to control a child is the withdrawal of love or its threat. A young child between the ages of three and six is too dependent on parental love and approval to resist this pressure. Robert's mother, as we saw earlier, controlled him by "cutting him out." Margaret's mother beat her into submission, but it was the loss of her father's love that devastated her. Whatever the means parents use, the result is that the child is forced to give up his instinctual longing, to suppress his sexual desires for one parent and his hostility toward the other. In their place he will develop feelings of guilt about his sexuality and fear of authority figures. This surrender constitutes an acceptance of parental power and authority and a submission to the parents' values and demands. The child becomes "good", which means that he gives up his sexual orientation in favor of one directed toward achievement. Parental authority is introjected in the form of a superego, ensuring that the child will follow his parents' wishes in the acculturation process. In effect, the child now identifies with the threatening parent. Freud says, "The whole process, on the one hand, preserves the genital organ wards off the danger of losing it; on the other hand, it paralyzes it, takes its function away from it.
Natalie Palmer, Second Kiss|Cancer. The word meant the same to me as tsunami or piranha. I had never seen them; I wasn't even quite sure what they were, but I knew they were bad and I knew in many cases they were deadly.
David M. Burns|Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism. Confronting your fears and allowing yourself the right to be human can, paradoxically, make you a far happier and more productive person.
Graham Greene, The Human Factor|Hate is an automatic response to fear, for fear humiliates.
Garth Nix, Abhorsen|But think of how much worse it would be to sit here, not knowing. Until the Dead choke the Ratterlin and Hedge walks across the dry bed of the river to batter down the door.
Lish McBride, Necromancing the Stone|Fear, left unchecked, can spread like a virus.
Marcus Allen|That's the thing about fear. Death will kill you once, but fear kills you over and over and over, if you let it.
Craig Ferguson|The world can be such a fright, but it belongs to us tonight.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|There lay between them, separating them, that same terrible line of the unknown and of fear, like the line separating the living from the dead.
Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke|He rubbed his hands up and down, warming her. “Then that’s all you need to know. I have you. If there are beasties in the dark, they have to get through me.
Mike  Norton|Beethoven said that it's better to hit the wrong note confidently, than hit the right note unconfidently. Never be afraid to be wrong or to embarrass yourself; we are all students in this life, and there is always something more to learn.
R. Scott Bakker, The Judging Eye|I remeber asking a wise man, once . . . 'Why do Men fear the dark?' . . . 'Because darkness' he told me, 'is ignorance made visable.' 'And do Men despise ignorance?' I asked. 'No,' he said, 'they prize it above all things--all things!--but only so long as it remains invisible.
Kyra Davis|Sometimes we have to step out of our comfort zones. We have to break the rules. And we have to discover the sensuality of fear. We need to face it, challenge it, dance with it.
Gerald G. Jampolsky, Love Is Letting Go of Fear|The world we see that seems so insane is the result of a belief system that is not working. To perceive the world differently, we must be willing to change our belief system, let the past slip away, expand our sense of now, and dissolve the fear in our minds.
Victoria Schwab, The Unbound|He leans in, resting his weathered hand on the bed. "Treat all the bad things like dreams, Kenzie. That way, no matter how scary or dark they get, you just have to survive until you wake up.
Gustave Flaubert, November|At other times, at the edge of a wood, especially at dusk, the trees themselves would assume strange shapes: sometimes they were arms rising heavenwards, , or else the trunk would twist and turn like a body being bent by the wind. At night, when I woke up and the moon and the stars were out, I would see in the sky things that filled me simultaneously with dread and longing. I remember that once, one Christmas Eve, I saw a great naked women, standing erect, with rolling eyes; she must have been a hundred feet high, but along she drifted, growing ever longer and ever thinner, and finally fell apart, each limb remaining separate, with the head floating away first as the rest of her body continued to waver
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Double Identity|A thousand times today I've started to open my mouth, started to squeak out, "Can you tell me...? But then I'd look into the front seat, at my mother's silent shaking, my father's grim profile, the mournful bags under his eyes, and all the questions I might ask seemed abusive. Assault and battery, a question mark used like a club. My parents are old and fragile. I'd have to heartless to want to hurt them.
Andrew Vachss, Haiku|Fear is an enemy that can be killed only at close range. The closest range of all is intimacy. The deeper the fear is embedded in one’s spirit, the more vulnerable it is.
Jonathan Maberry, Dust & Decay|Guilt and rage, hatred and fear were pathways to weakness and clumsy choices.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|A warrior fears the battle he missed. More than any fight he can make his own, he fears the fight that’s gone, that ended without him, that no feat of arms can change.
Andrew Vachss, The Weight|If a train is coming at you, closing your eyes won't save you ... but if you look right at it, you at least have a chance to jump.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|I know, from the three visits I made to him, the blended composite of love and fear that exists only in a boy's notion of his father.
Tim O'Brien, If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home|With a hangover and with fear, it is difficult to put a helmet on your head.
André Gide, The Counterfeiters|There's no better cure for the fear of taking after one's father, than not to know who he is.
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|Simple shifts in points of view can open doors to expansions of consciousness as easily as rigid dispositions can close hearts and minds to such elevated awareness. It generally depends on whether you allow fear and violence to rule your actions or whether you give wisdom, courage, and compassion the authority to do so.
Iris Murdoch|Every persisting marriage is based on fear', said Peregrine. 'Fear is fundamental, you dig down in human nature and what's at the bottom? Mean spiteful cruel self-regarding fear, whether it makes you to put the foot in it or whether it makes you to cower...
Jean Lorrain|You see, the strangeness of my case is that now I no longer fear the invisible, I’m terrified by reality.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|Nothing can describe the withering horror of this. You feel lost, sick at heart before such unmasked hatred, not so much because it threatens you as because it shows humans in such an inhuman light. You see a kind of insanity, something so obscene the very obscenity of it (rather than its threat) terrifies you. It was so new I could not take my eyes from the man's face. I felt like saying: "What in God's name are you doing to yourself?
Alexander Lowen, Fear of Life|There are many roles that people play and many images that they project. There is, for example, the "nice" man who is always smiling and agreeable. "Such a nice man," people say. "He never gets angry." The facade always covers its opposite expression. Inside, such a person is full of rage that he dares not acknowledge or show. Some men put up a tough exterior to hide a very sensitive, childlike quality. Even failure can be a role. Many masochistic characters engage in the game of failure to cover an inner feeling of superiority. An outward show of superiority could bring down on them the jealous wrath of the father and the threat of castration. As long as they act like failures they can retain some sexuality, since they are not a threat to her father.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil, The Letters of Abélard and Héloïse|Would that thy love, beloved, had less trust in me, that it might be more anxious!
Neil Gaiman|Whatever it is you're scared of doing, Do it.
C. JoyBell C.|We are fast moving into something, we are fast flung into something like asteroids cast into space by the death of a planet, we the people of earth are cast into space like burning asteroids and if we wish not to disintegrate into nothingness we must begin to now hold onto only the things that matter while letting go of all that doesn't. For when all of our dust and ice deteriorates into the cosmos we will be left only with ourselves and nothing else. So if you want to be there in the end, today is the day to start holding onto your children, holding onto your loved ones; onto those who share your soul. Harbor and anchor into your heart justice, truth, courage, bravery, belief, a firm vision, a steadfast and sound mind. Be the person of meaningful and valuable thoughts. Don't look to the left, don't look to the right; we simply don't have the time. Never be afraid of fear.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|At the heart of all anger, all grudges, and all resentment, you'll always find a fear that hopes to stay anonymous.
Michael Bassey Johnson|It is for your own good to love a dare-devil rather than a holy coward. A dare-devil is a unique devil, battling your fears, your pains, conquering your uncertainties, carrying you his arms, and flying out of the corrosive fire. The coward is a trickster serpent, which vanishes in your time of despair, and appears in time of equanimity.
Dean Koontz, Demon Seed|Then what are you? An electronic Hannibal Lector? You can't eat my liver with fava beans through a modem, you know.
Leonard Zunin|I believe that courage is all too often mistakenly seen as the absence of fear. If you descend by rope from a cliff and are not fearful to some degree, you are either crazy or unaware. Courage is seeing your fear, in a realistic perspective, defining it, considering alternatives and choosing to function in spite of risks.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|We'll know we've got it right when they choose for themselves," he used to say. That doesn't make sense. 'That's what I thought too. I asked him what he meant, but he just shrugged. I don't think he knew himself. But I keep thinking maybe that stray is making exactly the kind of choice he talked about. We're talking about an adult dog, a dog that's been out in the woods for a long time, trying to decide whether or not we can be trusted. Whether this is his place. And it matters to him - he'd rather starve than make the wrong decision.
Naomi Wolf, Give Me Liberty: A Handbook for American Revolutionaries|Dissident Natan Sharansky writes that there are two kinds of states -- "fear societies" and "free societies," two kinds of consciousness. The consciousness derived of oppression is despairing, fatalistic, and fearful of inquiry. It is mistrustful of the self and forced to trust external authority. It is premised on a dearth of self-respect. It is cramped.In contrast, the consciousness of freedom is one of expansiveness, trust of the self, and hope. It is a consciousness of limitless inquiry. It builds up in a citizen a wealth of self-respect.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|All men live enveloped in whale-lines. All are born with halters round their necks; but it is only when caught in the swift, sudden turn of death, that mortals realize the silent, subtle, ever-present perils of life.
Vicki Grove, Rhiannon|I believe fear of what we do not know may be the devil's best tool, meant to keep us back from those we long to approach.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|They began by controlling books of cartoons and then detective books and, of course, films, one way or another, one group or another, political bias, religious prejudice, union pressure; there was always a minority afraid of something, and a great majority afraid of the dark, afraid of the future, afraid of the past, afraid of the present, afraid of themselves and shadows of themselves.
Anne Rice, The Claiming of Sleeping Beauty|What is fear after all? It is indecision. You seek some way to resist, escape. There is none.
Melody Carlson, Finding Alice|But fear is confusing. It tears you in two. Half of you wants to run far, far away, but the other half is paralyzed, frozen, immovable. And the hard part is that you never know which half is going to win.
José Luís Peixoto, Antídoto|Beyond the clouds, above people, beneath the skin, inside people, we’re waiting for you. We see you now, as you read. We’ll see you when you stop thinking about these words. Above and inside your face, we know your secrets. We know what you hide from yourself. You can’t escape us. We hold your heart in the palm of our hand. If we like, we can squeeze it. If we like, we can crush it. There’s nothing you can do to stop us. Our gaze notices your every single move and your every single word. Say a word now. Make a move. We smile at your words, as we smile at your silence. No one will be able to protect you. No one can protect you now. You’re even less than you imagine. We’ve seen a thousand generations of men like you. It was our pleasure to let them walk on the lines of our hands. It was our pleasure to take everything away from them. We guided entire generations of men through tunnels we built that led nowhere. And when they arrived at nothing, we smiled. You’re just like them. We’re waiting for you above and inside your face. Continue on your way. Follow that line of our hand. We know where that tunnel you walk through will end. Keep on walking. We see you and smile. Beyond the clouds, we are fear. Beneath the skin, we are fear.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|An intense cold swept over them all. Harry felt his own breath catch in his chest. The cold went deeper than his skin. It was inside his chest, it was inside his very heart. . . .Harry’s eyes rolled up into his head. He couldn’t see. He was drowning in cold. There was a rushing in his ears as though of water. He was being dragged downward, the roaring growing louder . . .And then, from far away, he heard screaming, terrible, terrified, pleading screams. He wanted to help whoever it was, he tried to move his arms, but couldn’t . . . a thick white fog was swirling around him, inside him —
Mary E. Pearson, The Adoration of Jenna Fox|It's the unknown that I fear, the bites of memories that still have no connections.
Rome Sims|Everyone is running from something. But if we’re lucky, really lucky, fate intervenes and presents an opportunity to conquer our fears. Only then, if triumphant, can a destiny bestowed become a destiny fulfilled.
Bernard Beckett|Superstition is the need to view the world in terms of simple cause and effect. As I have already said, religious fundamentalism was on the rise, but that is not the type of superstition I am referring to. The superstition that held sway at the time was a belief in simple causes. Even the plainest of events is tied down by a thick tangle of permutation and possibility, but the human mind struggles with such complexity. In times of trouble, when the belief in simple gods breaks down, a cult of conspiracy arises. So it was back then. Unable to attribute misfortune to chance, unable to accept their ultimate insignificance within the greater scheme, the people looked for monsters in their midst. The more the media peddled fear, the more the people lost the ability to believe in one another. For every new ill that befell them, the media created an explanation, and the explanation always had a face and a name. The people came to fear even their closest neighbors. At the level of the individual, the community, and the nation, people sought signs of others’ ill intentions; and everywhere they looked, they found them, for this is what looking does. This was the true challenge the people of this time faced. The challenge of trusting one another. And they fell short
Rainer Maria Rilke|For sometime now I have believed that it is our own force, all our own force that is still too great for us. It is true that we do not know it; but is it not just that which is most our own of which we know the least?
Donal Harding, Leaving Summer|Can't figure women. Sometimes they're afraid of a spider, other times they're not afraid to stand right up to the devil.
Simon Holt, The Devouring|Good.I need you to be scared.Very,very scared.And then you'll never be scared again.
Niccolò Machiavelli|From this arises the following question: whether it is better to be loved than feared, or the reverse. The answer is that one would like to be both the one and the other, but because they are difficult to combine, it is far better to be loved than feared if you cannot be both.
Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue|That's interesting," Bitterblue said. "You think a conscience requires fear?
Coco J. Ginger|He cared less, so they cared more. He said it was beautiful. I knew he was broken.This was his game.
Caroline Myss|I am convinced that the deepest desire within each of us is to be liberated from the controlling influences of our own psychic madness or patterns of fear. All other things—the disdain of ordinary life, the need to control others rather than be controlled, the craving for material goods as a means of security and protection against the winds of chaos—are external props that serve as substitutes for the real battle, which is the one waged within the individual soul.
H.P. Lovecraft, Pickman's Model|That's because only a real artist knows the actual anatomy of the terrible or the physiology of fear - the exact sort of lines and proportions that connect up with latent instincts or hereditary memories of fright, and the proper colour contrasts and lighting effects to stir the dormant sense of strangeness.
Jimmy Stewart|Fear is an insidious and deadly thing. It can warp judgment, freeze reflexes, breed mistakes. Worse, it's contagious.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Nico remembered something Jason Grace had told him in the palace of Notus: Maybe it’s time you come out of the shadows. If only I could, he thought. For the first time in his life, he had begun to fear the dark, because he might melt into it permanently.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Kidnapped and Catriona|To be feared of a thing and yet to do it, is what makes the prettiest kind of a man.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Amaranta, however, whose hardness of heart frightened her, whose concentrated bitterness made her bitter, suddenly became clear to her in the final analysis as the most tender woman who had ever existed, and she understood with pitying clarity that the unjust tortures to which she had submitted Pietro Crespi had not been dictated by a desire for vengeance, as everyone had thought, nor had the slow martyrdom with which she had frustrated the life of Colonel Gerineldo Márquez been determined by the gall of her bitterness, as everyone had thought, but that both actions had been a mortal struggle between a measureless love and an invincible cowardice, and that the irrational fear that Amaranta had always had of her own tormented heart had triumphed in the end.
Shelley Coriell, Welcome, Caller, This Is Chloe|As Grams treaded water, she tapped my forehead. 'What's in here, Poppy, is scarier than anything you'll encounter in the depths of the ocean. An imagination is a powerful thing.
Jennifer Castle, The Beginning of After|Now I lay facedown on the bed, sobbing for the womanwho once slept here not knowing that someday one of herworst fears would come true
Peter Høeg|The fear for oneself, that one can do something about. Upon it one can turn the light of awareness. But when one is no longer worrying about oneself, then the fear comes for other people and, after that, for the world.There are no fearless people, only fearless moments.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Double Identity|Oh, Myr," he chokes out. "I hate having to ask this of you..."He glances towards the car again, and I crouch down in the shadows, hoping it's too dark for him to see whether the window is open or closed. The woman pats his arm, cradling her hand against his elbow."You know I'd do anything for you and Hil," she says. I like her voice. It's throaty and rich."You'd do anything?" my father repeats numbly. "Even now? After -?""Even now," the woman says firmly.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Scarlett, I don't know just when it was that the bleak realization came over me that my own private shadow show was over. Perhaps in the first five minutes at Bull Run when I saw the first man I killed drop to the ground. But I knew it was over and I could no longer be a spectator. No, I suddenly found myself on the curtain, an actor, posturing and making futile gestures. My little inner world was gone, invaded by people whose thoughts were not my thoughts, whose actions were as alien as a Hottentot's. They'd tramped through my world with slimy feet and there was no place left where I could take refuge when things became too bad to stand. When I was in prison, I thought: When the war is over, I can go back to the old life and the old dreams and watch the shadow show again. But, Scarlett, there's no going back. And this which is facing all of us now is worse than war and worse than prison—and, to me, worse than death.... So, you see, Scarlett, I'm being punished for being afraid.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|[T]he experience of mystery comes not from expecting it but through yielding all your programs, because your programs are based on fear and desire. Drop them and the radiance comes. (16)
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|From this arises the question whether it is better to be loved rather than feared, or feared rather than loved. It might perhaps be answered that we should wish to be both: but since love and fear can hardly exist together, if we must choose between them, it is far safer to be feared than loved. 
Dwight D. Eisenhower|In most communities it is illegal to cry "fire" in a crowded assembly. Should it not be considered serious international misconduct to manufacture a general war scare in an effort to achieve local political aims? 
Robert W. Firestone|That is why in adult life, people generally tend to relive rather than live, that is, to repeat the patterns of the past and defend the primary fantasy in the defiance, and avoid the real gamble or real adventure of taking a chance on something new. They are afraid that if they really cry out, if they really ask, if they really scream for help, that it won't come, and they'll be in the same panicky frightened state they were in when they were little. 
Jessica Stern, Denial: A Memoir of Terror|This book is a memoir - not of specific life events, but of the processes of dissociation, and of re-enlivening emotions that are shameful to admit or even to feel. It is an account of the altered states that trauma induces, which make it possible to survive a life-threatening event but impair the capacity to feel fear, and worse still, impair the ability to love. (292)
Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last|Relate to the fear, not just from it. (50)
Marian Keyes, Anybody Out There?|...as you know, I don't believe in fear, just an invention by men so they get all the money and good jobs...
Brian McNaughton|Fear, if not accompanied by pain, turns into a habit
William Faulkner, Collected Stories|When I was fifteen, a companion and I, on a dare, went into the mound one day just at sunset. We saw some of those Indians for the first time; we got directions from them and reached the top of the mound just as the sun set. We had camping equiptment with us, but we made no fire. We didn't even make down our beds. We just sat side by side on that mound until it became light enough to find our way back to the road. We didn't talk. When we looked at each other in the gray dawn, our faces were gray, too, quiet, very grave. When we reached town again, we didn't talk either. We just parted and went home and went to bed. That's what we thought, felt, about the mound. We were children, it is true, yet we were descendants of people who read books and who were, or should have been, beyond superstition and impervious to mindless fear.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|There is, after all, no moral difference between the bigot and the tolerator. They are from case to case positive or negative. One man is bigoted because he was given the sword of truth, another because he is angered in thoughtlessness; then, one man is tolerant because he was given the flag of peace, another because he is cowardly and wishes to hide all guilt.
Leslie Esdaile, Love Notes|And how do you explain to your wife that you don't have all the answers, and that you might not know what you are doing, and that you are afraid you are going to fail? How do you admit that you are most afraid that, one day, she'll walk - and replace you with an educated, professor-type guy, who shares her same interests, schedule, and the way she was used to living, especially when all of your friends, your business associates, even your own damned brother, are all just waiting for you to mess up so they can have a shot at taking her away from you? How do you look the woman you love in her eyes and tell her that?
Pam Houston, Waltzing the Cat|The more important question, of course, was what the new Lucy would do, and even though I was pretty sure the old Lucy wouldn't be around much anymore, I was a little bit afraid the new Lucy hadn't yet shown up.
Domingos Monteiro|Ever since I was a little girl, I’ve always enjoyed feeling afraid. I think it is the most delicious feeling there is
Réné Gaudette|Choice is the basis of every part of your existence, but so is fear. The difference is, choice creates movement, where fear limits movement.
Kouji Ouji, ハイ☆スピード！ [High Speed!]|It had nothing to do with whether the water was frightening, or whether he was able to swim or not. No matter how fast he swam, there was something hidden in the water that he couldn't escape from. Even if it looked like it was sleeping, it could wake up at any time and come to attack him. Fear of this hidden thing, fear of the shadows, all of these frightened feelings lived in Makoto's heart.
Ford Madox Ford|We are all so afraid, we are all so alone, we all so need from the outside the assurance of our own worthiness to exist. So, for a time, if such a passion come to fruition, the man will get what he wants. He will get the moral support, the encouragement, the relief from the sense of loneliness, the assurance of his own worth. But these things pass away; inevitably they pass away as the shadows pass across sundials. It is sad, but it is so. The pages of the book will become familiar; the beautiful corner of the road will have been turned too many times. Well, this is the saddest story.
William S. Burroughs, And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks|I began to get a feeling (...) of being the only sane man in a nut house. It doesn't make you feel superior but depressed and scared, because there is nobody you can contact.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|Dad, will they ever come back?""No. And yes." Dad tucked away his harmonica. "No not them. But yes, other people like them. Not in a carnival. God knows what shape they'll come in next. But sunrise, noon, or at the latest, sunset tomorrow they'll show. They're on the road.""Oh, no," said Will."Oh, yes, said Dad. "We got to watch out the rest of our lives. The fight's just begun."They moved around the carousel slowly."What will they look like? How will we know them?""Why," said Dad, quietly, "maybe they're already here."Both boys looked around swiftly.But there was only the meadow, the machine, and themselves.Will looked at Jim, at his father, and then down at his own body and hands. He glanced up at Dad.Dad nodded, once, gravely, and then nodded at the carousel, and stepped up on it, and touched a brass pole.Will stepped up beside him. Jim stepped up beside Will.Jim stroked a horse's mane. Will patted a horse's shoulders.The great machine softly tilted in the tides of night.Just three times around, ahead, thought Will. Hey.Just four times around, ahead, thought Jim. Boy.Just ten times around, back, thought Charles Halloway. Lord.Each read the thoughts in the other's eyes.How easy, thought Will.Just this once, thought Jim.But then, thought Charles Halloway, once you start, you'd always come back. One more ride and one more ride. And, after awhile, you'd offer rides to friends, and more friends until finally...The thought hit them all in the same quiet moment....finally you wind up owner of the carousel, keeper of the freaks...proprietor for some small part of eternity of the traveling dark carnival shows....Maybe, said their eyes, they're already here.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Flight of the Eagle|Life is a movement, a constant movement in relationship; and thought, trying to capture that movement in terms of the past, as memory, is afraid of life.
Derek Donais, MetalMagic: Talisman|Remember that the choices you make, and the reasons you make them, shape your destiny. Remember your free will...And remember, what the True One has made is supposed to bring balance and unity, not anger, fear or revenge. Do not fear, what is yours to use. Only beware the ends to which it is turned, and know the means will truly determine the outcome.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|It is of men, and of them only, that one should always be frightened.
Merrie Haskell, The Princess Curse|Did I never explain to you about love, Reva?' Pa asked. I gave him a look, and he laughed uncomfortably. 'I guess not. Let me put it in a way you'll understand. Love is like stinging nettles. Only they prick from the inside out, starting at your heart and bursting on around. It's worse when it gets here'--he rubbed the bridge of his nose--'then your vision goes a little strange. But eventually the nettles stop stinging--once she agrees to kiss you. But they start right back up again when she agrees to marry you--''Pa,' I interrupted, 'that's not love, that's fear.'Pa shook his head, looking off admiringly in the direction where Lacrimora had disappeared. 'Same thing, in my case.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily Climbs|Fear is a vile thing, and is at the bottom of almost every wrong and hatred of the world.
Tove Jansson, Tales from Moominvalley|You were talking about the wind," the Fillyjonk said suddenly. "A wind that carries off your washing. But I'm speaking about cyclones. Typhoons, Gaffsie dear. Tornadoes, whirlwinds, sandstorms... Flood waves that carry houses away... But most of all I'm talking about myself and my fears, even if I know that's not done. I know everything will turn out badly. I think about that all the time. Even while I'm washing my carpet. Do you understand that? Do you feel the same way?
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|What she wants to say has to do not only with joy but with the penetrating, constant fear that is joy's other half.
Lissa Rankin, Mind Over Medicine: Scientific Proof That You Can Heal Yourself|Love opens your heart, trumps fear, and paves the way for healing in all aspects of your life.
Mark X., Citations: A Brief Anthology|That black, maddening firmament; that vast cosmic ocean, endlessly deep in every direction, both Heaven and Pandemonium at once; mystical Zodiac, speckled flesh of Tiamat; all that is chaos, infinite and eternal. And yet, it's somehow the bringing to order of this chaos which perhaps has always disturbed me most. The constellations, in their way, almost bring into sharper focus the immensity and insanity of it all - monsters and giants brought to life in all their gigantic monstrosity; Orion and Hercules striding across the sky, limbs reaching for lightyears, only to be dwarfed by the likes of Draco, Pegasus, or Ursa Major. Then bigger still - Cetus, Eridanus, Ophiuchus, and Hydra, spanning nearly the whole of a hemisphere, sunk below the equator in that weird underworld of obscure southern formations. You try to take them in - the neck cranes, the eyes roll, and the mind boggles until this debilitating sense of inverted vertigo overcomes you...
Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last|Clearly, all fear has an element of resistance and a leaning away from the moment. Its dynamic is not unlike that of strong desire except that fear leans backward into the last safe moment while desire leans forward toward the next possibility of satisfaction. Each lacks presence. (29)
William Walker Atkinson, Thought Vibration|Remember, the only thing to fear is Fear, and - well, don't even fear Fear, for he's a cowardly chap at the best, who will run if you show a brave front.
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|The crying sounded even louder out of doors. It was as if all the pain in the world had found a voice. Yet had I known such pain was in the next room, and had it been dumb, I believe—I have thought since—I could have stood it well enough. It is when suffering finds a voice and sets our nerves quivering that this pity comes troubling us. But in spite of the brilliant sunlight and the green fans of the trees waving in the soothing sea-breeze, the world was a confusion, blurred with drifting black and red phantasms, until I was out of earshot of the house in the stone wall.
David Halberstam, The Coldest Winter: America and the Korean War|Fear was the terrible secret of the battlefiled and could afflict the brave as well as the timid. Worse it was contagious, and could destroy a unit before a battle even began. Because of that, commanders were first and foremost in the fear suppression business.
C.G. Jung|Where your fear is,there is your task.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|What do you call yourself?" the Fawn said at last. Such a soft sweet voice it had!"I wish I knew!" thought poor Alice. She answered, rather sadly, "Nothing, just now.""Think again," it said: "that won't do."Alice thought, but nothing came of it. "Please, would you tell me what you call yourself?" she said timidly, "I think that might help a little.""I'll tell you, if you'll come a little further on," the Fawn said. "I can't remember here."So they walked on together through the wood, Alice with her arms clasped lovingly round the soft neck of the Fawn, till they came out into another open field, and here the Fawn gave a sudden bound into the air, and shook itself free from Alice's arms. "I'm a Fawn!" it cried out in a voice of delight. "And dear me, you're a human child!" A sudden look of alarm came into its beautiful brown eyes, and in another moment it had darted away at full speed.
John Scalzi, The Sagan Diary|Fear is a scavenger who feeds on the future; on what may be and what is possible, extending down the line of our lives.
Lloyd Jones, Mister Pip|As we watched the soldiers and the Rambo disappear I remember feeling preternaturally calm. This is what deep, deep fear does to you. It turns you into a state of unfeeling.
John Scalzi, The Sagan Diary|Fear sits and smiles and is predatory, immobile and silent and serene; an observer who conserves his energy and is content to wait.
Kathy Kelly, Other Lands Have Dreams: Letters From Pekin Prison|Most of the time, if you treat people right, you don't have to be afraid of them.
Keith Ablow, Denial|Plenty of people who survive tragedies end up ambivalent about danger--frightened by it, yet strangely drawn to it.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Sometimes, you feel like being watched from behind by someone.When you turned, it's just nothing, nobody, none,or only someone who's daydreaming and staring right through you.
Olli Jalonen|This is how best to effect change. If you reiterate the same fears and the same sensible measures with proper augmentation enough times, even difficult decisions will begin to seem like the only justifiable solutions.
Janet Skeslien Charles, Moonlight in Odessa|Odessans' worst fear is change, because what if we make a change and our situation gets worse?
William Nicholls, Christian Antisemitism|Paranoia is transmissible from mind to mind, but it does not go by the route of reason. It can therefore change its rationalization while remaining essentially the same.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Drop the fear. What you fear most, can be a repeated theme in your life.
Shannon L. Alder|The secret to life is to have no fear. When you can let go of what others think about you, how something is going to turn out, or how your past will affect your future, then you are finally living life free.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Thus I spoke, more and more softly; for I was afraid of my own thoughts and the thoughts behind my thoughts.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Deadeye Dick|I concluded that the best thing for me and for those around me was to want nothing, to be enthusiastic about nothing, to be as unmotivated as possible, in fact, so that I would never again hurt anyone.
Herta Müller, The Land of Green Plums|At a time I used to think that in a world without guards people would walk differently from the way we do in our country. Where people are allowed to think and write differently, I thought, they will also walk differently.
Joseph R. Lallo, The Book of Deacon|Many people believe they know true darkness, but until it has been experienced it cannot be imagined. Without even a flicker of light, the mind begins to play tricks. There is a constant feeling that there is a wall before you, that you must stop. The eyes open as wide as they can, hungry for light. The only thing that helps is to shut them tight.
Sonya Hartnett, Surrender|My life was pouring out my feet and seeping through cracks in the floor; yet still I knelt and did not move, for fear she'd let go my hands. Let me stay, I wanted to beg: Please don't make me go.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|And we've read scary books and watched scary movies and TV shows together. He's met monsters, ghouls, and demons on the page and on the screen. There's nothing like watching Anaconda with your best friend or lying in bed next to your mother reading Roald Dahl, because that way you get to explore dark stuff safely. You get to laugh with it, to step out on the vampire's dance floor and take him for a spin, and then step back into your life. When you make friends with fear, it can't rule you.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|I'm frightend. Of us. I want to go home. O God I to go home." "It's was an accident," said Piggy stubbornly,"and that's that." He touched Ralph's bare shoulder and Ralph shuddered at the human contact.
Dennis Sharpe, First Boy|This guy sounds like all the bad guys from the last ten years of murder movies all rolled into one. Like he might be the worst of those books you have there. If he was real, and really like that, then I should arrest him, right?” Matthew asked, hoping he could show the boy that he would protect him, and he could tell him the truth now.“No, Deputy. Because he is real, and he is really like that, and you should run.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Narcissus in Chains|Make them fear you. Machiavelli said it nearly six hundred years ago, but it's still true. Every ruler should strive for his people to love him. But if they cannot love you, then make them fear you. Love is better, but fear will do the job.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|Therefore, when we neglect to fear such a brittle monstrosity, we render it powerless.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|His cloak was his crowning glory; sable, thick and black and soft as sin.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers.
Jerzy Kosiński|I always have a sense of trembling, but so does a compass, after all.
James  Jones, The Thin Red Line|All Welsh knew was that he was scared shitless, and at the same time was afflicted with a choking gorge of anger that any social coercion existed in the world which could force him to be here.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The peculiarity of sunrise is to make us laugh at all our terrors of the night, and our laugh is always proportioned to the fear we have had.
Peter Straub|What would be frightening about me jumping out of the bush wearing a pig mask is not the sudden surprise, not me, and not the pig mask, but that the ordinary world had split open for a moment to reveal some possibility never previously considered.
Amy Carmichael|We stand, when we are young, on the sunny slope among the pines, and look across an unknown country to the mountains. There are clouds, but they are edged with light. We do not fear as we dip into the valley; we do not fear the clouds. Thank God for the splendid fearlessness of youth. And as for older travelers whom the Lord has led over the hill and the dale, they have not been given the spirit of fear. They think of the way they have come since they stood on that bright hillside, and their word is always this: There are reasons and reasons for hope and for happiness, and never one for fear.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|What makes you so dare to challenge me, kiddo?It ain't about you, Sir. I just wanna confront my fear.
Clare McNally, Ghost House|Her arms groped forward to guide her when her tears blocked her vision in darkness. Then she couldn't run any more. She sank to her knees and began to cry in her terror. She wanted Gary.She suddenly felt strong arms around her. She bent her head to bury it in Gary's shoulder, trembling in the darkness.Whimpering like a small animal in a trap, she pushed herself closer to him and said in a choked voice, "I'm so frightened!""I know, my love," the voice said. "I'm so sorry you were hurt."She felt herself being pulled up to him, his grip around her tight. It was a strange feeling in this pitch-black hallway, where not even the light of the moon cast any illumination. The lips she touched were cold and yet they responded to her with an unusual warmth. His hands massaged her back. Something, Melanie thought, was wrong with that. The hands were too smooth, not like a plastered wrist would feel."Gary?" she asked, backing away. She didn't trust what she couldn't see."My love," the voice whispered, "there is no need to fear now. I shall protect you from those who mean you harm.
Lisa Schroeder|I think fear is normal, Cade. Just don't let it win.
Tove Jansson, The Summer Book|Now everything was changed. She walked about with cautious, anxious steps, staring constantly at the ground, on the lookout for things that crept and crawled. Bushes were dangerous, and so were sea grass and rain water. There were little animals everywhere. They could turn up between the covers of a book, flattened and dead, for the fact is that creeping animals, tattered animals, and dead animals are with us all our lives, from beginning to end. Grandmother tried to discuss this with her, to no avail. Irrational terror is so hard to deal with. [p. 136]
H.L. Mencken|Before one may scare the plain people one must first have a firm understanding of the bugaboos that most facilely alarm them. One must study the schemes that have served to do it in the past, and one must study very carefully the technic of the chief current professionals.
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|Hannah expected this to make her sob even more, but instead she found her tears drying up and her tummy growing warm. How dare they? How dare they do this to little girls? She understood now why her parents go so angry when they saw the result of bombers in the white hot streets of the Middle East, why men and women wailed in anger as well as grief as they lifted the limp bodies of children from the rubble. How dare they? No, she wasn't going to die like this, wrapped up like some helpless baby.
Justin Taylor|If you can't sublimate your fear of mortality into sex with your best friend, what's it there for?
Margaret Ronald, Soul Hunt|... there's fear that keeps you safe, and fear that warns you, and then there's fear of another sort. The kind that makes you turn on your friends, that irises the world down to one frightened person.
Thurgood Marshall|We cannot play ostrich. Democracy just cannot flourish amid fear. Liberty cannot bloom amid hate. Justice cannot take root amid rage. America must get to work. In the chill climate in which we live, we must go against the prevailing wind. We must dissent from the indifference. We must dissent from the apathy. We must dissent from the fear, the hatred and the mistrust. We must dissent from a nation that has buried its head in the sand, waiting in vain for the needs of its poor, its elderly, and its sick to disappear and just blow away. We must dissent from a government that has left its young without jobs, education or hope. We must dissent from the poverty of vision and the absence of moral leadership. We must dissent because America can do better, because America has no choice but to do better.
Arthur C. Clarke, 2010: Odyssey Two|Some dangers are so spectacular and so much beyond normal experience that the mind refuses to accept them as real, and watches the approach of doom without any sense of apprehension. The man who looks at the onrushing tidal wave, the descending avalanche, or the spinning funnel of the tornado, yet makes no attempt to flee, is not necessarily paralyzed with fright or resigned to an unavoidable fate. He may simply be unable to believe that the message of his eyes concerns him personally. It is all happening to somebody else.
Leo Tolstoy, Sebastopol in December|Let fear once get possession of the soul, and it does not readily yield its place to another sentiment.Sebastopol by Leo Tolstoy
Barry Lyga, Lucky Day|There were dragons, in his dreams, as though some part of him knew the trials were not yet over, that there were battles yet to be fought. He slept fitfully, fidgeting, tossing and turning, groaning and crying out in his sleep.
Joan Medlicott|Fear's a box we grow used to, convince ourselves it's all the space we need, that we like its color, its smell, its protection. Comes a time to stop hiding, stop being afraid. If we don't break free of our boxes, our spirits' shrink, we shrink in every way imaginable. Oh, Grace, my friend, don't let fear, especially someone else's fear, prevent you from living your life.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Ignorance might be bliss, but it also has teeth.
J. Robert Lennon, Castle|My sister stood up, trembling, and I must admit that I expected her familiar sneer to have taken its usual place on her face. But all I could find there was unhappiness and fear. Fear of my reaction, perhaps. But when a person has lived a life like hers, a life of promiscuity, rootlessness, and substance abuse, resentment and fear tend to replace all reasonable and proper emotions, and the world becomes your enemy.
Kate Forsyth, The Beast's Garden|I'm not brave,' Ava replied huskily. 'If you only knew how afraid I really am. Sometimes I think I am afraid of everything.' 'But isn't that what being brave is all about? Being afraid, but doing it anyway?
Thomas Ligotti, Songs of a Dead Dreamer and Grimscribe|... the logic of supernatural horror [is] a logic founded on fear, a logic whose sole principle states: "Existence equals nightmare." Unless life is a dream, nothing makes sense. For as a reality, it is a rank failure..
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Let the Right One In|He couldn't have pulled back the lock, they couldn't simply have climbed over the sides of the stall in all of three seconds, because those weren't the rules of the game.Theirs was the intoxication of the hunter, his the terror of the prey. Once they had actually captured him the fun was over and the punishment more of a duty that had to be carried out. If he gave up too early there was a chance they would put more of their energy into the punishment instead of the hunt.
Michael  Grant, Gone|Scared people did scary things sometimes,
Truman Capote, In Cold Blood|Imagination, of course, can open any door - turn the key and let terror walk right in.
Catherine Anderson, Comanche Heart|Do you think courage means being fearless? Or daring? Courage, real courage, is taking three steps when it terrifies you.
Emily Dickinson|We never know how high we areTill we are called to rise;And then, if we are true to plan,Our statures touch the skies.The heroism we reciteWould be a daily thing,Did not ourselves the cubits warpFor fear to be a king.
Maureen Johnson, The Name of the Star|Fear can't hurt you. When it washes over you, give it no power. it's a snake with no venom.
Jonathan L. Howard, The Fear Institute|No churchmen, I notice. Of course not. What use have they for a world without irrational fear?
Michael Connelly, The Lincoln Lawyer|You know what my father said about innocent clients? ... He said the scariest client a lawyer will ever have is an innocent client. Because if you fuck up and he goes to prison, it'll scar you for life ... He said there is no in-between with an innocent client. No negotiation, no plea bargain, no middle ground. There's only one verdict. You have to put an NG up on the scoreboard. There's no other verdict but not guilty."Levin nodded thoughtfully."The bottom line was my old man was a damn good lawyer and he didn't like having innocent clients," I said. "I'm not sure I do, either.
Eileen Wilks, Death Magic|Fear and bigotry don’t need explaining. They simply are, like traffic jams and taxes.
Eugene O'Neill, The Great God Brown and Other Plays|Why am I afraid to live, I who love life and the beauty of flesh and the living colors of earth and sky and sea? Why am I afraid of love, I who love love?.. Why was I born without a skin, O God, that I must wear armor in order to touch or to be touched?
Kelli Jae Baeli, Immortality or Something Like It|These thrill seeker people doing extreme sports...they have a hideous accident, go through agonizing recovery, and then go back to that activity that nearly killed them...that's not facing your fear, that's embracing your stupidity.
Evinda Lepins, Back to Single|The more we talk about our troubles and our fears, the more life we breathe into them". HS/el
Catherine Crowe, The Night Side of Nature|It will seem to many persons very inconsistent with their ideas of the dignity of a spirit that they should appear and act in the manner I have described, and shall describe further; and I have heard it objected that we cannot suppose God would permit the dead to return merely to frighten the living, and that it is showing Him little reverence to imagine He would suffer them to come on such trifling errands, or demean themselves in so undignified a fashion. But God permits men of all degrees of wickedness, and of every kind of absurdity, to exist, and to harass and disturb the earth, whilst they expose themselves to its obloquy or its ridicule.
Eric Valli|Fear is a sign to prepare yourself, not to stop.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|We fear discovering that we are more than we think we are. More than our parents/children/teachers think we are. We fear that we actually possess the talent that our still, small voice tells us. That we actually have the guts, the perseverance, the capacity. We fear that we truly can steer our ship, plant our flag, reach our Promised Land. We fear this because, if it’s true, then we become estranged from all we know. We pass through a membrane. We become monsters and monstrous.
Jean Rhys, Voyage in the Dark|And I saw that all my life I had known that this was going to happen, and that I'd been afraid for a long time, I'd been afraid for a long time. There's fear, of course, with everybody. But now it had grown, it had grown gigantic; it filled me and it filled the whole world.
Vladimir Nabokov, Pnin|He was afraid of touching his own wrist. He never attempted to sleep on his left side, even in those dismal hours of the night when the insomniac longs for a third side after trying the two he has.
James M. Cain|That's all it takes, one drop of fear to curdle love into hate.
David Gemmell, Dark Moon|Heroes are people who face down their fears. It is that simple. A child afraid of the dark who one day blows out the candle; a women terrified of the pain of childbirth who says, 'It is time to become a mother'. Heroism does not always live on the battlefield.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Ma was heavy, but not fat; thick with child-bearing and work. She wore a loose Mother Hubbard of gray cloth in which there had once been colored flowers, but the color was washed out now, so that the small flowered pattern was only a little lighter gray than the background. The dress came down to her ankles, and he strong, broad, bare feet moved quickly and deftly over the floor. Her thin, steel-gray hair was gathered in a sparse wispy knot at the back of her head. Strong, freckled arms were bare to the elbow, and her hands were chubby and delicate, like those of a plump little girl. She looked out into the sunshine. Her full face was not soft; it was controlled, kindly. Her hazel eyes seemed to have experienced all possible tragedy and to have mounted pain and suffering like steps into a high calm and a superhuman understanding. She seemed to know, to accept, to welcome her position, the citadel of the family, the strong place that could not be taken. And since old Tom and the children could not know hurt or fear unless she acknowledged hurt and fear, she had practiced denying them in herself. And since, when a joyful thing happened, they looked to see whether joy was on her, it was her habit to build up laughter out of inadequate materials. But better than joy was calm. Imperturbability could be depended upon. And from her great and humble position in the family she had taken dignity and a clean calm beauty. From her position as healer, her hands had grown sure and cool and quiet; from her position as arbiter she had become as remote and faultless in judgment as a goddess. She seemed to know that if she swayed the family shook, and if she ever really deeply wavered or despaired the family would fall, the family will to function would be gone.
Dean Koontz, 77 Shadow Street|I am the One, and I see all.But the blind man in Apartment 1-A is blind in many ways, as are all human beings, even those with functioning eyes. They are blind to their folly, to their ignorance, to their history, to the future that they will make for themselves. A future born of self-loathing.
Kristin Hannah, Home Front|He is a man, and he is afraid. This is not a good combination.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|What is it?Nothing. I had a bad dream.What did you dream about?Nothing.Are you okay?No.He put his arms around him and held him. It's okay, he said.I was crying. But you didnt wake up.I'm sorry. I was just so tired.I meant in the dream.
Mark Vonnegut, The Eden Express: A Memoir of Insanity|Fear that I was very different from everyone else. Fear that deep down inside I was a shallow fraud, that after the revolution or after Jesus came down to straighten everything out, everyone from hippies to hard-hats would unfold and blossom into the beautiful people they were while I would remain a gnarled little wart in the corner, oozing bile and giving off putrid smells.
Claire Dederer, Poser: My Life in Twenty-three Yoga Poses|I carefully lifted out of the pose and spoke up: "Uh, Fran? When I'm doing the pose (camel), I have this feeling in my chest, kind of a scary, tight feeling."Fran was adjusting someone across the room. She had a way of looking like a thoughtful seamstress when she made adjustments: an inch let out here, a seam straightened there, and everything would be just right. She might as well have had pins tucked between her lips and a tape measure around her neck. Without missing a beat or looking up she said, "Oh, that's fear. Try the pose again."Fear. I hadn't even known it was there.
Joseph Bruchac, Code Talker: A Novel About the Navajo Marines of World War Two|Another of the hard things about being in a war, grandchildren, is that although there are times of quiet when the fighting has stopped, you know you will soon be fighting again. Those quiet times give you the chance to think about what has happened. Some of it you would rather not think about, as you remember the pain and the sorrow. You also have time to worry about what will happen when you go into battle again.
Walter Mosley, Black Betty|I understood about fear. And I knew better than anyone in that room what Mouse was capable of. But still I had been raised in a place where to show your fear was worse than cowardice. It was suicide, a sin.
Mary Lawson, The Other Side of the Bridge|You'd have thought that after suffering such a loss nothing else would matter to her but that didn't seem to be how it worked. She was fearful about everything now. It was as if she had finally seen the awful power of fate, it's deviousness, the way it could wipe out in an instant the one thing you had been certain you could rely on, and now she was constantly looking over her shoulder, trying to work out where the next blow might fall.
John B. Arden, Rewire Your Brain: Think Your Way to a Better Life|Thousands of years ago, when our ancestors encountered a predatory animal like a lion, it was best to react immediately and not stand around thinking about the lion, admiring its beauty or wondering why it was bothering them instead of tracking down some tasty antelope. Thus, the fast track to the amygdala kept our ancestors alive.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|Through all this ordeal his root horror had been isolation, and there are no words to express the abyss between isolation and having one ally. It may be conceded to the mathematicians that four is twice two. But two is not twice one; two is two thousand times one. That is why, in spite of a hundred disadvantages, the world will always return to monogamy.
Anne Rice, Merrick|All my life,I've been afraid of things, as a child and a woman must be. I lied about it naturally. I fancied myself a witch and walked in dark streets to punish myself for my doubts. But I knew what it meant to be afraid.
Benjamin Hale, The Evolution of Bruno Littlemore|...we, and I mean humans, are meaning makers. We do not discover the meanings of mysterious things, we invent them. We make meanings because meaninglessness terrifies us above all things. More than snakes, even. More than falling, or the dark. We trick ourselves into seeing meanings in things, when in fact all we are doing is grafting our meanings onto the universe to comfort ourselves. We gild the chaos of the universe with our symbols. To admit that something is meaningless is just like falling backward into darkness." (p184)
Geraldine Brooks, March|Who is the brave man--he who feels no fear? If so, then bravery is but a polite term for a mind devoid of rationality and imagination.
Simon Holt, The Devouring|Surrender to your fear so you may triumph over it.Choose me,open you soul to me, and embrace the Devouring.
Paulo Coelho|But human beings are like that, she thought. We've replaced nearly all our emotions with fear.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|White folks have controlled New Orleans with money and guns, black folks have controlled it with magic and music, and although there has been a steady undercurrent of mutual admiration, an intermingling of cultures unheard of in any other American city, South or North; although there has prevailed a most joyous and fascinating interface, black anger and white fear has persisted, providing the ongoing, ostensibly integrated fete champetre with volatile and sometimes violent idiosyncrasies.
Simon Holt, The Devouring|They lurk in the cold and dark.Hungry and,wicked,they wait for their one chance to devour the weak on Sorry Night.Then the vours feast on a banquet of fear.Your fear.They steal your soul but your body remains.No one knows the difference.
Cherry Adair, Hush|You skin is so soft. Smells like…”She had to tilt him to get this other arm free and hated knowing how badly she was hurting him as she did so. “Sheer, unadulterated fear?
Edward Abbey, The Monkey Wrench Gang|To the question: Wilderness, who needs it? Doc would say: Because we like the taste of freedom, comrades. Because we like the smell of danger. But, thought Hayduke, what about the smell of fear, Dad?
Jonas Samuelle|When you've already broken the rules of the universe, fear becomes only a feeling of disconnection, distant.
Holly Cupala, Tell Me a Secret|I thought of Shelley in the hospital, how she said sometimes sadness only looked like anger and judgment. Maybe fear did too.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Transformation|What is there so fearful as the expectation of evil tidings delayed? ... Misery is a more welcome visitant when she comes in her darkest guise and wraps us in perpetual black, for then the heart no longer sickens with disappointed hope.- The Evil Eye
Markelle Grabo, The Elf Girl|Ah, Zora, you are so naive," the fire fairy said with a hearty chuckle. "You have no idea what happened to them, do you? You have no clue as to what happened to your parents.
Charles Nodier, Smarra & Trilby|Scarcely has night arrived to undeceive, unfurling her wings of crepe (wings drained even of the glimmer just now dying in the tree-tops); scarcely has the last glint still dancing on the burnished metal heights of the tall towers ceased to fade, like a still glowing coal in a spent brazier, which whitens gradually beneath the ashes, and soon is indistinguishable from the abandoned hearth, than a fearful murmur rises amongst them, their teeth chatter with despair and rage, they hasten and scatter in their dread, finding witches everywhere, and ghosts. It is night... and Hell will gape once more.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|As a teenager in Brooklyn Quentin had often imagined himself engaged in martial heroics, but after this he knew, as a cold immutable fact, that he would do anything necessary, sacrificing whatever or whomever he had to, to avoid risking exposure to physical violence. Shame never came into it. He embraced his new identity as a coward. He would run in the other direction. He would lie down and cry and put his arms over his head or play dead. It didn't matter what he had to do, he would do it and be glad.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Fear is the strong passion; it is with fear that you must trifle, if you wish to taste the intensest joys of living.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Welcome to the Monkey House|Or they'll talk about fear, which we used to call politics- job politics, social politics, government politics
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|The forest has shrunkAnd fear has expanded,The forests have dwindled,There are less animals now, 	less courage and less lightning,		less beauty	and the moon lies bare,		deflowered by force and			then abandoned.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|It is exactly the fear of revenge that motivates the deepest crimes, from the killing of the enemy's children lest they grow up to play their own part, to the erasure of the enemy's graveyards and holy places so that his hated name can be forgotten.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Fear is the venom impact of predator sting, causing prey not to be focus on the survival.
Isobelle Carmody, Greylands|Many truths which are not believed are called lies,' the Laughing Beast said. 'Mirrors do not themselves lie unless they have been enchanted. Ordinary mirrors merely reflect what is revealed to them. People lie and mirrors reflect people. If your mother feared mirrors in your land, she feared herself.
João Cabral de Melo Neto|Instead of the final judgement, what worries me is the final dream.
Joan Lowery Nixon, The Séance|...each of us from the seance stood alone. Like so many pillars of salt, we had tried to look back and failed. And in the eyes of the others who shared the pale, flat sky with us, there was sometimes suspicion, sometimes a little fear.
Ryan Holiday, The Daily Stoic: 366 Meditations for Clarity, Effectiveness, and Serenity|The combination of power, fear, and mania can be deadly. The leader, convinced that he might be betrayed, acts first and betrays others first. Afraid that he's not well liked, he works so hard to get others to like him that it has the opposite effect. Convinced of mismanagement, he micromanages and becomes the source of the mismanagement. And on and on - the things we fear or dread, we blindly inflict on ourselves.
Elyn R. Saks, Refusing Care: Forced Treatment and the Rights of the Mentally Ill|Mental illness" is among the most stigmatized of categories.' People are ashamed of being mentally ill. They fear disclosing their condition to their friends and confidants-and certainly to their employers.
Aletheia Luna, Quiet Strength: Embracing, Empowering and Honoring Yourself as an Introvert|When you fail to tap into your wellsprings of inner strength due totoxic habits, environments or people, you wind up feeling trapped, stranded and unhappy. You end up in soulless jobs, destructive relationships and empty friendships. Most of all, youfind yourself unsatisfied with who you are, and you often become your own worst enemy,perpetuating the cycles of pain, anger and fear within you – like I did
Jay Woodman|Why be crying, fearful, lonely, when you have the whole universe? Be still, listen to your heart, breathe, and know you need nothing.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|I was no longer afraid. Not of important men, not of trustees and such; for knowing now that there was nothing which I could expect from them, there was no reason to be afraid.
Tyler Hamilton, The Secret Race: Inside the Hidden World of the Tour de France: Doping, Cover-ups, and Winning at All Costs|One day I'm a normal person with a normal life,” he said. “The next I'm standing on a street corner in Madrid with a secret phone and a hole in my arm and I'm bleeding all over, hoping I don't get arrested. It was completely crazy. But it seemed like the only way at the time.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|This is glorious!' I cried, and then i looked at the sinner by my side. He sat with his head sunk on his breast and said 'Yes', without raising his eyes, as if afraid to see writ large on the clear sky of the offing the reproach of his romantic conscience.
Joseph Conrad, The Secret Sharer|Necessity, they say, is the mother of invention, but fear, too, is not barren of ingenious suggestions.
Narcotics Anonymous|Do we really want to be rid of our resentments, our anger, our fear? Many of us cling to our fears, doubts, self-loathing or hatred because there is a certain distorted security in familiar pain. It seems safer to embrace what we know than to let go of it for fear of the unknown. (Narcotics Anonymous Book/page 33)
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I write about adversity, I praise adversity, not to be pessimistic, but rather to strengthen myself. The more familiar that you are with it, the less likely you are to have a breakdown when it occurs. You become more reflective of its purpose, you understand God's reason for it, and are then able to make the best of everything that you are handed. The darkness is only frightening after constant sunshine.
Dennis Sharpe, First Boy|She looked at him like it physically hurt her not to speak, and yet she stayed silent.
David Bayles, Art and Fear: Observations on the Perils (and Rewards) of Artmaking|The desire to make art begins early. Among the very young this is encouraged (or at least indulged as harmless) but the push toward a 'serious' education soon exacts a heavy toll on dreams and fantasies....Yet for some the desire persists, and sooner or later must be addressed. And with good reason: your desire to make art -- beautiful or meaningful or emotive art -- is integral to your sense of who you are. Life and Art, once entwined, can quickly become inseparable; at age ninety Frank Lloyd Wright was still designing, Imogen Cunningham still photographing, Stravinsky still composing, Picasso still painting.But if making art gives substance to your sense of self, the corresponding fear is that you're not up to the task -- that you can't do it, or can't do it well, or can't do it again; or that you're not a real artist, or not a good artist, or have no talent, or have nothing to say. The line between the artist and his/her work is a fine one at best, and for the artist it feels (quite naturally) like there is no such line. Making art can feel dangerous and revealing. Making art is dangerous and revealing. Making art precipitates self-doubt, stirring deep waters that lay between what you know you should be, and what you fear you might be. For many people, that alone is enough to prevent their ever getting started at all -- and for those who do, trouble isn't long in coming. Doubts, in fact, soon rise in s
Ian Fleming, Diamonds Are Forever|Bond sat for a moment frozen to his chair. Suddenly, there flashed unwanted into his mind that most sinister line in poetry: 'They reckon ill who leave me out. When me they fly, I am the wings.
Leah Rae Miller, The Summer I Became a Nerd|I'm scared of the geese. When I was five, my mom took me down there to feed those horrible beasts and one of them nearly took my hand off.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|That is the fear: I have lost something important, and I cannot find it, and I need it.
Jenny Wingfield, The Homecoming of Samuel Lake|They’d have people out looking for her, and nothing makes grown-ups quite so mad as finding a child safe when they’d been scared silly that they might find that child dead.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|I had lied to myself from the very beginning, deceived myself into believing that I was being fanciful and overly imaginative. Surely such monstrosities only existed in nightmares? Yet I had lived through a nightmare these past months, and that was no dream at all.       I was still fighting against the awful truth, not wanting to give in, searching my mind for a logical explanation—but there was none. And the most horrible realization of all was that I had known, somewhere deep inside, ever since the day I first set eyes on Vladec Salei.       Plague carrier.       Living death.       Drainer of life.       The phrasing did not matter. No euphemism could strike fear into the hearts of men the way that single word 
Noam Chomsky, The Culture of Terrorism|Respectable opinion would never consider an assessment of the Reagan Doctrine or earlier exercises in terms of their actual human costs, and could not comprehend that such an assessment—which would yield a monstrous toll if accurately conducted on a global scale—might perhaps be a proper task in the United States. At the same level of integrity, disciplined Soviet intellectuals are horrified over real or alleged American crimes, but perceive their own only as benevolent intent gone awry, or errors of an earlier day, now overcome; the comparison is inexact and unfair, since Soviet intellectuals can plead fear as an excuse for their services to state violence.
David Bayles, Art and Fear: Observations on the Perils (and Rewards) of Artmaking|Fears arise when you look back, and they arise when you look ahead. If you're prone to disaster fantasies, you may even find yourself caught in the middle, staring at your half-finished canvas and fearing both that you lack the ability to finish it, and that no one will understand it if you do.Fears arise when you look back, and they arise when you look ahead. If you're prone to disaster fantasies, you may even find yourself caught in the middle, staring at your half-finished canvas and fearing both that you lack the ability to finish it, and that no one will understand it if you do.To which the Master replied, 'What makes you think that ever changes?'That's why they're called Masters. When he raised David's discovery from an expression of self-doubt to a simple observation of reality, uncertainty became an asset. Lesson for the day: vision is always ahead of execution -- and it should be. Vision, Uncertainty, and Knowledge of Materials are inevitabilities that all artists must acknowledge and learn from: vision is always ahead of execution, knowledge of materials is your contact with reality, and uncertainty is a virtue.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|She knew Paul D was adding something to her life—something she wanted to count on but was scared to... His waiting eyes and awful human power. The mind of him that knew her own. Her story was bearable because it was his as well—to tell, to refine and tell again. The things neither knew about the other—the things neither had word-shapes for—well, it would come in time.
Laisha Rosnau, Notes on Leaving|And, as always, I thank my family who are an amazing network of support.
Walter de la Mare, Great Tales of Terror and the Supernatural|Pausing on the threshold, he looked in, conscious not so much of the few familiar sticks of furniture - the trucklebed, the worn strip of Brussels carpet, the chipped blue-banded ewer and basin, the framed illuminated texts on the walls - as of a perfect hive of abhorrent memories.That high cupboard in the corner, from which certain bodiless shapes had been wont to issue and stoop at him cowering out of his dreams; the crab-patterned paper that came alive as you stared; the window cold with menacing stars; the mouseholes, the rusty grate - trumpet of every wind that blows - these objects at once lustily shouted at him in their own original tongues.("Out Of The Deep")
Catherine Crowe, The Night Side of Nature|The ignorant frighten children with ghosts, and the better educated assure them there is no such thing. Our understanding may believe the latter, but our instincts believe the former; so that, out of this education, we retain the terror, and just believe enough to make it very troublesome whenever we are placed in circumstances that awaken it.
Lionel Suggs|I am not a man of fear, but I am a man that knows how to fear. Without fear, we become lazy. Without fear, we become reckless. Fear doesn't limit a man, it keeps the man sharp.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|Her face expressed suffering so deep that I will never forget it; her eyes radiated a deep sadness...Mrs. Folmer was oppressed by that special sadness, perhaps the most horrible torture, of those who had no idea what happened to their loved ones.
Les Dossey|When fear raises it's head, don't freak, look it in the eye, ask it its name and what it wants to teach you, then invite it to dance, pull it in real close and let it know that this is your life and your dance and you'll be taking the lead.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|The worst fear in the hearings was that you would get some evil interrogator: you could never know what might happen then. No one who lives in a free country will ever understand that kind of fear. What is most horrifying is the realization that you have no idea what can happen, that your life is totally in the hands of someone in the chair in front of you, someone might well be a demon.
Charlotte Beers, I'd Rather Be in Charge: A Legendary Business Leader's Roadmap for Achieving Pride, Power, and Joy at Work|Being in charge of your work life doesn't mean you always move with assurance and sublime self-confidence; it means you keep moving, continuing on your own path, even when you feel shaky and uncertain.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|There isn't so much to be afraid of, out there. I can remember thinking it was funny to find that out, on the last night of my life; I'd spent the rest of it being afraid of everything.
Julien Smith, The Flinch|Behind every flinch is a fear or an anxiety - sometimes rational, sometimes not. Without the fear, there is no flinch. But wiping out the fear isn't what's important - facing it is.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|I was afraid and did not know what I feared, which is the worst kind of fear.
Cressida Cowell, How to Break a Dragon's Heart|The past haunts the present in more ways than we think. It certainly scares the living daylights out of ME"~ Old Wrinkly
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|She knows that feeling too. Of believing that each time someone says her name, it’s to tell her that something bad has happened.
William J. Federer, Change to Chains-The 6,000 Year Quest for Control -Volume I-Rise of the Republic|for PEOPLE to rule themselves in a REPUBLIC , they must have virtue;for a TYRANT to rule in a TYRANNY ,he must use FEAR.
Michael Crichton, Eaters of the Dead|Each person bears a fear which is special to him. One man fears a close space and another man fears drowning; each laughs at the other and calls him stupid. Thus fear is only a preference, to be counted the same as the preference for one woman or another, or mutton for pig, or cabbage for onion.
James Lee Burke, Jolie Blon's Bounce|But no one could say he hadn't gotten even. He could not count the field women whom he had sexually degraded and demoralized and in whom he had left his seed so their bastard children would be a daily visual reminder of what a plantation white man could do to a plantation black woman whenever he wanted, nor could he count the black men whom he had made fear his blackjack as they would fear Satan himself, making each of them a lifetime enemy of all white people.
Walter Dill Scott|Success or failure inbusiness is caused more by mental attitude even than by mentalcapacity." Banish the fear-attitude; acquire the confidentattitude. And remember that the only way to acquire it is—toacquire it.
Holly Hood|He pulled the gun from his waist, running it along my cheek and back down to my lips. I blinked back the tears at sick game. He finally stopped the gun at my temple, my pulse fighting against the pressure of the cold metal of the gun.“Do you think you are a good person, Kendall?”“No, not at all,” I said, swallowing down the misery of my honest answer.“Really?” he asked, one eyebrow lifting in confusion. “Are you afraid to die?”I wished I could spit in his face for making everything so hard. I wished he would just pull the trigger and end it already. But a small part of me was begging and pleading internally that he wouldn’t shoot me.“No, I’m not afraid to die,” I admitted, I closed my eyes and the tears fell quickly. “I’m not afraid of much in life. I’ve seen too much to be scared.”He let out a sigh. I opened my eyes. He pulled the gun away from me.“Well, damn. How the hell am I supposed to kill someone so miserable?”I looked away. Even in death I was pitiful.
Louise Penny|Eventually he'd let the answering machine take over and had hidden in his studio. Where he's hidden all his life. From the monster. He could feel itin their bedroom now. He could feel its tail swishing by him. Feel its hot, fetid breath.All his life he knew if he was quiet enough, small enough, it wouldnn't see him. If he didn't make a fuss, didn't speak up, it wouldn't hear him, wouldn't hurt him. If he was beyond criticism and hid his cruelty with a smile and good deeds, it wouldn't devour him. By now he realized there was no hiding. It would always be there, and always find him. He was the monster.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|I breathed and breathed and did feel some calmness enter in, though it was, as always, shot with a sense of loss. Loss and fear.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|The rain of Madre de Dios is similar to that of the Amazon, but there is a petrifying aspect to it, as if it seeks to wound rather than to nurture.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|I could smell something. Fear.I could taste it now.It tasted like blood in my mouth, and I could feel it slide through me and open me up when I saw him ...
Nancy Werlin, Black Mirror|It was any outcast's nightmare.If I looked carefully, I suspected I might find it beneath the black paint of the small acrylic by the window.
William Manchester|There was nothing green left; artillery had denuded and scarred every inch of ground. Tiny flares glowed and disappeared. Shrapnel burst with bluish white puffs. Jets of flamethrowers flickered and here and there new explosions stirred up the rubble. While I watched, an American observation plane droned over the Japanese lines, spotting targets for the U.S. warships lying offshore. Suddenly the little plane was hit by flak and disintegrated. The carnage below continued without pause.Here I was safe, but tomorrow I would be there. In that instant I realized that the worst thing that could happen to me was about to happen to me.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Scent of Water|Most of us tend to belittle all suffering except our own," said Mary. "I think it's fear. We don't want to come too near in case we're sucked in and have to share it.
David Gemmell, Dark Moon|There's no shame in fear. But understand this - the coward is ruled by fear, while the hero rides it like a wild stallion.
Corey Aaron Burkes|Bravery is a willing decision to do what must be done. Fear is a cancer that is cured only by doing what must be done, backed by an intelligent, open mind.
Barbara Marciniak, Family of Light: Pleiadian Tales and Lessons in Living|When you buy into any version of fear, it can become your experience because your molecules are intelligent and your energy responds to the predominant feeling in your being. The focus of your mind is exactly what gives the orders to create what you experience.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|The night stared me in the face, amorphous, blind, infinite, without frontiers. Not a single start relieved the darkness behind the glass.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|I could a tale unfold whose lightest wordWould harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood,Make thy two eyes like stars start from their spheres,Thy knotted and combined locks to part,And each particular hair to stand on endLike quills upon the fretful porpentine.But this eternal blazon must not beTo ears of flesh and blood.List, list, O list!
Elizabeth Goudge, The Scent of Water|She realized with deep respect that this woman had always done what she had to do and faced what she had to face. If many of her fears and burdens would have seemed unreal to another woman, there was nothing unreal about her courage.
David Gemmell, Lord of the Silver Bow|One day the enemy will cross the Great Green. They will bring war and tragedy to these eastern lands. Such is the nature of vile men. Yet we cannot live in dread of them. We cannot hide behind these high walls, our hearts trembling. For that is not life. We must accept the needs and the duties of each day, and face them one at a time.
John Vaillant, The Tiger: A True Story of Vengeance and Survival|Fear is not a sin in the taiga, but cow­ardice is [..].
Sheila Moon, Knee-Deep in Thunder|You have done well," Grandfather said. "We thank you.""We were afraid sometimes," Jetsam replied."Good." Grandfather's eyes smiled. "That means you had the courage to keep trying.
E. Stanley Jones, Abundant Living|To implant fear in the minds of children is a crime. If parents try to rule the child by fear, then fear rules the child.
Dale Carnegie, The Art of Public Speaking|It never hurts a fool to appear before anaudience, for his capacity is not a capacity for feeling.
Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams|Real terror is a crippling experience. You sweat so much that your skin goes all wrinkly like when you've been in the bath all afternoon. And then the scent of your sweat changes. It smells like cat pee, no doubt from the adrenalin. However hard you wash, it won't come off. It smothers you, as your muscles become frozen with acid and your mind paralysed by despair.
Titus Lucretius Carus|fear in sooth holds so in check all mortals, becasue thay see many operations go on in earth and heaven, the causes of which they can in no way understand, believing them therefore to be done by power divine. for these reasons when we shall have seen that nothing can be produced from nothing, we shall then more correctly ascertain that which we are seeking, both the elements out of which every thing can be produced and the manner in which every thing can be produced in which all things are done without the hands of the gods.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|...to return to their 'native soil,' as they say, to the bosom, so to speak, of their mother earth, like frightened children, yearning to fall asleep on the withered bosom of their decrepit mother, and to sleep there for ever, only to escape the horrors that terrify them.
Karen Blixen, Out of Africa|It is when one begins to lose the consciousness of freedom, and when the idea of necessity enters the world at all, when there is any hurry or strain anywhere, a letter to be written or a train to catch, when you have got to work, to make the horses of the dream gallop, or to make the rifles go off, that the dream is declining, and turning into the nightmare, which belongs to the poorest and most vulgar class of dreams.
George Orwell, 1984|He thought with a kind of astonishment of the biological uselessness of pain and fear, the treachery of the human body which always freezes into inertia at exactly the moment when a special effort is needed. He might have silenced the dark-haired girl if only he had acted quickly enough; but precisely because of the extremity of danger he had lost the power to act. It struck him that in moments of crisis one is never fighting against an external enemy but always against one's own body. Even now, in spite of the gin, the dull ache in his belly made consecutive thought impossible. And it is the same, he percieved, in all seemingly heroic or tragic situatuions. On the battlefield, in the torture chamber, on a sinking ship, the issues that you are fighting for are always forgotten, because the body swells up until it fills the universe, and even when you are not paralyzed by fright or screaming with pain, life is a moment-to-moment struggle against hunger or cold or sleeplessness, against a sour stomach or an aching tooth.
H.P. Lovecraft, Air Froid|It might, too, have been the singular cold that alienated me; for such chilliness was abnormal on so hot a day, and the abnormal always excites aversion, distrust, and fear.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|In the presence of the storm, thunderbolts, hurricane, rain, darkness, and the lions, which might be concealed but a few paces away, he felt disarmed and helpless.
Adam Gopnik|[T]he relentless note of incipient hysteria, the invitation to panic, the ungrounded scenarios--the overwhelming and underlying desire for something truly terrible to happen so that you could have something really hot to talk about--was still startling. We call disasters unimaginable, but all we do is imagine such things. That, you could conclude mordantly, is the real soundtrack of our time: the amplification of the self-evident toward the creation of paralyzing, preëmptive paranoia.
Connie Rose Porter|Maybe I am getting too grown to want to sleep with Mama. But like a baby, I still have this smallness to my mind. I don't need her hands to convince me the world I can't see from under my blanket is real. I need her hands to do more than her words. Convince me the world I see outside it- ain't.
Erik Larson, In the Garden of Beasts: Love, Terror, and an American Family in Hitler's Berlin|Germans grew reluctant to stay in communal ski lodges, fearing they might talk in their sleep. They postponed surgeries because of the lip-loosening effects of anesthetic. Dreams reflected the ambient anxiety. One German dreamed that an SA man came to his home and opened the door to his oven, which then repeated every negative remark the household had made against the government.
Paul Johnson, Modern Times|A Stalin functionary admitted, "Innocent people were arrested: naturally - otherwise no one would be frightened. If people, he said, were arrested only for specific misdemeanours, all the others would feel safe and so become ripe for treason.
Russell D. Moore, Adopted for Life: The Priority of Adoption for Christian Families and Churches|When my sons arrived in the family, their legal status was not ambiguous at all. They were our kids. But their wants and affections were still atrophied by a year in the orphanage. They didn't know that flies on their faces were bad. They didn't know that a strange man feeding them their first scary gulps of solid food wasn't a torturer. Life in the cribs alone must have seemed to them like freedom. That's what I was missing about the biblical doctrine of adoption. Sure it's glorious in the long run. But it sure seems like hell in the short run. . . .
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|Amid the stillness of the night, in the depths of the ravine, from the direction in which the corpses lay suddenly resounded a kind of inhuman, frightful laughter in which quivered despair, and joy, and cruelty, and suffering, and pain, and sobbing, and derision; the heart-rending and spasmodic laughter of the insane or condemned.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|In the meantime the groans changed into the protracted, thunderous roar by which all living creatures are struck with terror, and the nerves of people, who do not know what fear is, shake, just as the window-panes rattle from distant cannonading.
C.S. Friedman, The Madness Season|All about us were people. Perhaps a hundred. Men. Experience had taught me that humans were cruelest when segregated by sex, and the cold feeling in the pit of my stomach became led. What had I let myself in for?
Peter Ackroyd, English Music|So do we discover, in the world, that our worst fears are unfulfilled; yet we must fear, in order that we may feel delight.
Kevin Wallis, Beneath the Surface of Things|My brothers’ faces haunt me. I hear their children, my nieces and nephews, asking me why I came home without their daddies. I think of their wives, imagine their questions. Our parents, forever seeing the faces of their lost sons when they look at me. They will want answers, demand to know how I survived. And what do I tell them? That I huddled like a baby inside my tent while their killer beckoned me forth for one last stand?
F.J. Dagg, The Lowlands of Heaven|With no one to fear him, it seemed at times as if he didn't exist at all.
Guy de Maupassant, Alien Hearts|By nature independent, gay, even exuberant, seductively responsive and given to those spontaneous sallies that sparkle in the conversation of certain daughters of Paris who seem to have inhaled since childhood the pungent breath of the boulevards laden with the nightly laughter of audiences leaving theaters, Madame de Burne's five years of bondage had nonetheless endowed her with a singular timidity which mingled oddly with her youthful mettle, a great fear of saying too much, of going to far, along with a fierce yearning for emancipation and a firm resolve never again to compromise her freedom.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, Young Goodman Brown|The whole forest was peopled with frightful sounds--the creaking of the trees, the howling of wild beasts, and the yell of Indians; while sometimes the wind tolled like a distant church bell, and sometimes gave a broad roar around the traveler, as if all Nature were laughing him to scorn. But he was himself the chief horror of the scene, and shrank not from its other horrors.
Amy Gerstler, Medicine|Thin ribbons of fear snake bluely through you like a system of rivers. We need a cloudburst or soothing landscape fast, to still this panic. Maybe a field of dracaena, or a vast stand of sugar pines—generous, gum-yielding trees—to fill our minds with vegetable wonder and keep dread at bay.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|What would you think of an engineer who expounded the art of flying without revealing the secrets of the engine and propeller? That's what you do, you engineer of the human soul. Just that. You're a coward. You want the raisins out of my cake but you don't want the thorns of my roses. Haven't you too, little psychiatrist, been cracking silly jokes about me? Haven't you ridiculed me as "the prophet of bigger and better orgasms"? Have you never heard the whimpering of a young wife whose body has been desecrated by an impotent husband? Or the anguished cry of an adolescent bursting with unfulfilled love? Does your security still mean more to you than your patient? How long will you go on valuing your respectability above your medical mission? How long will you refuse to see that your pussyfooting procrastination is costing millions their lives?
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|But a smell shivered him awake.It was a scent as old as the world. It was a hundred aromas of a thousand places. It was the tang of pine needles. It was the musk of sex. It was the muscular rot of mushrooms. It was the spice of oak. Meaty and redolent of soil and bark and herb. It was bats and husks and burrows and moss. It was solid and alive - so alive! And it was close.The vapors invaded Nicholas' nostrils and his hair rose to their roots. His eyes were as heavy as manhole covers, but he opened them. Through the dying calm inside him snaked a tremble of fear.The trees themselves seemed tense, waiting. The moonlight was a hard shell, sharp and ready to ready be struck and to ring like steel.A shadow moved.It poured like oil from between the tall trees and flowed across dark sandy dirt, lengthening into the middle of the ring. Trees seem to bend toward it, spellbound. A long, long shadow...
Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy, Out of Revolution: Autobiography of Western Man|And the great question for mankind is what is to be loved or hated next, whenever and old love or fear has lost its hold.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|He became merely the broken statue of a beast, now without another's fear to animate it.
Gilbert Morris, Till Shiloh Comes|I make a joke of it, but... but I'm afraid of death." He straightened up and turned to look into Joseph's eyes. Joseph saw the fear there and was shocked by the intensity of it. "Are you afraid to die, Joseph?" Joseph considered for a moment, then shook his head. "I'm not afraid to now, but then I'm not dying now. When I come to that moment, I will probably be... what's the right word? Maybe frightened in a way that you're frightened when an experience lies before you you've never had. "No more than that?" "I hope not.
Margaret McMullan, Sources of Light|Don't be scared," Willa Mae said.I looked at her. "Aren't you scared?"Willa Mae looked at me and said, "Shoot. Only thing I'm afraid of is that I'm going to do something I'll regret.""Being scared is just one more thing to turn into what you want it to be," Willa Mae said. "The thing with fear is, it's like anger. You've got to change it into something else. Make it your weapon. Some can just turn it into smarts. The best of 'em can turn fear and anger into love." She looked out toward our neighborhood. "I'm not there yet.
Rupert Thomson, The Five Gates of Hell|She was someone who heard each grain in the hour-glass, she felt the passing seconds like sandpaper against her softest skin. Time actually seemed to hurt her, and people helped her get through it. [..] Sometimes it seemed to Nathan that her life was just that, a feat of held breath, just another ten seconds, just another five, and then death would flood her lungs like water, a string of glass bubbles to the surface and then nothing. She was scared in a way that he could understand. The kind of fear that sends you running across a six-lane highway or jumping into rapids. She was someone who ran towards her fear, screaming. Who tried to frighten it. Who, in another period of history, would have been worshipped as a saint or burned as a witch.
Henry James, The Jolly Corner|The image of the "presence," whatever it was, waiting there for him to go--this image had not yet been so concrete for his nerves as when he stopped short of the point at which certainty would have come to him. For, with all his resolution, or more exactly with all his dread, he did stop short--he hung back from really seeing. The risk was too great and his fear too definite: it took at this moment an awful specific form.
Atarah L. Poling, Forbidden Secret: Shadows Behind Locked Doors|Death, everyone fears it in one way or another but when I stood in front of it myself, face to face, I felt no fear.
Richard Matheson, Collected Stories, Vol. 1|It was a fairy tale, no fooling. It was unreality becoming real. This frightened her. Because people don't care for unreality becoming real. It pricks their well-fed minds, you see, with something like a hunger pang. They prefer the logical stuffiness of expectancy. It is only at certain times that they weaken, letting imagination in. That's the time to get them. (“The Disinheritors”)
Eula Biss, Notes from No Man's Land: American Essays|One of the paradoxes of our time is that the War on Terror has served mainly to reinforce a collective belief that maintaining the right amount of fear and suspicion will earn one safety. Fear is promoted by the government as a kind of policy. Fear is accepted, even among the best-educated people in this country, even among the professors with whom I work, as a kind of intelligence. And inspiring fear in others is often seen as neighborly and kindly, instead of being regarded as what my cousin recognized it for - a violence.
Rasmenia Massoud, Human Detritus|When I walked into the room, I looked down to the floor and saw that each and every garment I owned had been pulled from its rightful place and had been meticulously sliced into countless pieces. One thing was painfully obvious to me: these clothes were symbolic of me; they represented my body.What you really wanted was to slice me into countless pieces.
Brad Meltzer, The Inner Circle|...when you go down a dark alley and you feel that tingling across the back of your neck, that's not just a bad feeling, that's a biological gift from God - the Gift of Fear...when you ignore that gift - when you go down the dark alley and say, Y'know, I'm sure it'll be okay - that's when you find real pain.
Jackie French, Lady Dance|Lady Dance's music wasn't a magic charm. I'd misunderstood. We had all failed to understand. The song and dance didn't stop us dying. It just stopped the fear of death swallowing us up while we were still alive. 'Rejoice,' came the soft voice of Lady Dance in my mind. 'Watch the moon and stars...' Death had ruled my life till I met Lady Dance. Her dance had set me free.
Guy de Maupassant, Complete Works|I told myself 'Everything is a being! The shout that passes into the air is an entity like an animal, since it is born, produces a movement, and is again transformed, in order to die. So the fearful mind that believes in incorporeal beings is not wrong. What are they?
Julia Cameron, Finding Water: The Art of Perseverance|If we have plain old ordinary fear then we are within reach of a solution. Fear has been with humankind for millennia and we do know what to do about it--pray about it, talk about it, feel the fear, and do it anyway. "Artistic" fear, on the other hand, sounds somehow nastier and more virulent, like it just might not yield to ordinary solutions--and yet it does, the moment we become humble enough to try ordinary solutions.
Patrick White, Voss|He himself, he realized, had always been most abominably frightened, even at the height of his divine power, a frail god upon a rickety throne, afraid of opening letters, of making decisions, afraid of the instinctive knowledge in the eyes of mules, of the innocent eyes of good men, of the elastic nature of the passions, even of the devotion he had received from some men, and one woman, and dogs.
A.M. Burrage|Something like panic struck at Hurlow. Moffat's calm confession of fear withdrew the prop upon which he had leaned. Down there, among the motionless shadows, lurked invisible things, things that were nameless, shapeless and malignant; things which could see without being seen. One of the long lost terrors of childhood returned to him, and like a child he put his hand into Moffat's.
John  Adams|We shall convince France and the world, that we are not a degraded people, humiliated under a colonial spirit of fear and a sense of inferiority, fitted to be the miserable instruments of foreign influence, and regardless of national honor, character, and interest.
Anton Krotov|They think the government shows people everything —how to work, study, eat, sleep and that’s it. They are afraid of change. They do not understand that if you want to do something, you should do it. You are free, people, free!
P.D. James|The weekend break had begun with the usual resentment and had continued with half-repressed ill humour. It was, of course, his fault. He had been more ready to hurt his wife's feelings and deprive his daughter than inconvenience a pub bar full of strangers. He wished there could be one memory of his dead child which wasn't tainted with guilt and regret.
Julius Lester, The Autobiography of God|Often, the human animal dresses terror in rage, and expresses both in a way unlike either.
Elliott O'Donnell|I think locality exercises strange influence over some minds. The peaceful meadow-scenery holds no lurking horrors in its bosom, but in the lonesome moorlands, full of curiously molded boulders, grotesque fancies must assail one there. Creatures seem to come, odd and ill-defined as their surroundings. As a child I had a peculiar horror of those tall, odd-shaped boulders, with seeming faces, featureless, it is true, but sometimes strangely resembling humans and animals. I believe the spinney may be haunted by something of this nature, terrible as the trees. ("The Haunted Spinney")
A.M. Burrage|All in a moment Hurlow forgot the beauty of the sounds and smelt fear. He smelt it as an animal smells it, the breath cold in his nostrils. He had read about Pan, a dead god who might safely be patronized while poring over a book in a London lodging, but here and at this hour a god not to be scorned. ("Furze Hollow")
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I am Indonesian. I don't buy fear of western ghosts.But when you deal with a giant garagasi of sumatera,there's no word worth enough to express the eeriness.
Richie Norton|If you’re not scared every day, you’re not pushing hard enough.
Eileen Anglin|You can't get rid of fear, you must learn to move through it.Know that deep in your soul, that fear is just a door to a room filled with something so big, so important, so life changing, that it scares you a little.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Sleepers: A Little Book on How to Find Hope, Meaning and the Courage to Fall in Love with Your Dreams|You cannot be afraid of the unknown. In every moment and with every step you take, the unknown becomes the known.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Too much war, hatred and fear in the world.Desperately needed: More art, love and poetry.
Kristen Ciccarelli, The Last Namsara|You could die," she whispered. "Everything dies," he whispered back. "I'm afraid of so much more than dying.
Avina Celeste|I tell myself I am brave and yet, I still fear change. I guess it’s time to face that fear.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|A stink. A stench. A foulness in her mind, dreadful and unforgiving. A compost of horrible ideas and rotted thoughts that made her want to take our her brain and wash it.
Sebastian Junger, War|The problem with fear, though, is that it isn’t any one thing. Fear has a whole taxonomy—anxiety, dread, panic, foreboding—and you could be braced for one form and completely fall apart facing another.
Evy Michaels|There is an evil creeping insideThe darkness has a firm hold on meThere is a desire burning withinAmbition seeks to replace the air I breatheThere is a voice, relentless voice in my headMy peace has abandoned meThere is nothing but lonelinessA hollow place I can't traceA void filled with nothing but space A sorrow with which no one can relateI'm just an innocent girl longing for tranquillityBut I'm fading awayFear has taken over me
Matt Kaplan|People have always looked to the horizon and feared that which they did not understand. Initially, this horizon was the edge of the forest. Then, when forests became better explored and their dangers were realized as not actually being that serious, human attention turned toward the darkness of the sea. Then the sea became better explored, and the new horizon became the vastness of space. And now, with space getting ever better explored, a new horizon appears. . . in the form of the horrors humanity is about to unleash on itself.
Donna Lynn Hess, A Father's Promise|Remember, son, you're most afraid when you can think of no one but yourself.
Peter Bunzl, Cogheart|No one conquers fear easily, Robert. It takes a brave heart to win great battles.
Lois Lowry, Number the Stars|That's all that brave means - not thinking about the dangers. Just thinking about what you must do. Of course you were frightened. I was too, today. But you kept your mind on what you had to do.
Valeria Luiselli, The Story of My Teeth|He fell into a solemn silence, which he only eventually broke to say, “I think I’ve become a terrible person. In fact, I’ve become a reptile. Do you know that reptiles are stupid because almost their entire brain capacity is used to feel fear?
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|Steel screams when it's forged, it gasps when it's quenched. It creaks when it goes under load. I think even steel is scared, son.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Fresh Complaint|Pay no attention to the terrors that visit you in the night. The psyche is at its lowest ebb then, unable to defend itself. The desolation that envelops you feels like truth, but isn't. It's just mental fatigue masquerading as insight.
Emily Colin, The Memory Thief|You don't really love me, or you never would have treated me like you did. You were just afraid of letting me go. There’s a difference, and no one knows that better than I do. We were both afraid of moving on, me of what I really wanted. It brought us together, it bound us, but no longer. I am done with making decisions based on fear. [Nicholas to Grace]
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|From time to time, we all must go unto a landscape—be it inner or outer landscape—where there are no hiding places. Allowing the stark awe and silence to aid us in both communing and confronting the depth of ourselves. We fear emptiness because we know that within those places of nothingness we will come face-to-face with who we are and gaze into the internal mirror. But what is the alternative? Shall we go our entire life without hearing our own voice . . . without ever having met who we are when isolated from all?
Adam Silvera, They Both Die at the End|Yes, we live, or we're given the chance to, at least, but sometimes living is hard and complicated because of fear.
Anna Kavan, Asylum Piece|In a polished surface of metal I happen to notice my reflected face; it wears a pale, beaten lonely look, eyes looking out at nothing with an expression of fear, frightened and lonely in a nightmare world. Something, I don’t know what, makes me think of my childhood; I remember myself as a schoolchild sitting at a hard wooden desk, and then as a little girl with thick, fair, wind-tossed hair, feeding the swans in a park. And it seems both strange and sad to me that all those childish years were spent in preparation for this – that, forgotten by everybody, with a beaten face, I should serve machinery in a place far away from the sun.
Elizabeth Wein, The Pearl Thief|If you're scared, do something.
Page  Turner, Poly Land: My Brutally Honest Adventures in Polyamory|It’s natural to avoid the things we fear. Seeking out what terrifies me seems insane on a certain level, but more and more, the longer I’m alive, I find myself drawn to my most intense feelings, both good and bad. It seems that they are screaming out to me for a reason and that I have to know what they’re trying to say.
Hank Early, Heaven's Crooked Finger|I do hate him. But I also love him. In the end, aren’t they the very same thing? Don’t they both take a back seat to what you fear?
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|As the saying goes, "Argue for your limitations and you get to keep them." Why would I want to keep my limitations?
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Too often we make it more about what stands before us, and we miss all that stands within us.
Glennon Doyle Melton|If you can’t beat fear, just do it scared.
Anita Moorjani, Dying to Be Me: My Journey from Cancer, to Near Death, to True Healing|Selfishness comes from too little self-love, not too much, as we compensate for our lack. There's no such thing as caring for the self too much, just as there's no such thing as too much genuine affection for others. Our world suffers from too little self-love and too much judgment, insecurity, fear, and mistrust. If we all cared about ourselves more, most of these ills would disappear.
Michael F. Stewart, Counting Wolves|I start to count. This is the important part. I have to count right. Not too fast, nor too slow. All the way to one hundred. It must be spoken aloud, without interruption. Whispering is acceptable; the count keeps my wolf to the Dark Wood. It keeps me on safety’s slender path.
Cameron Dokey, Kissed:  Once Upon A Time Omnibus Belle/Sunlight and Shadow/Winter's Child|But fear is no fit means to measure anyone, for fools have no fear, or so I've heard it said.
Krystal Sutherland, A Semi-Definitive List of Worst Nightmares|She’d passed the fear barrier, and she’d lived, and she’d discovered not certain death, as she’d imagined, but impossible splendor. What other beautiful things had fear been hiding from her? What else had the curse long kept her from discovering? For the first time in a long time, she wanted to find out.
Krystal Sutherland, A Semi-Definitive List of Worst Nightmares|The old fear was there, the grapnel anchor lodged in her chest, the thing that wanted to pull her back away from the edge and whisper no, no, no. Yet there was a new thing: a lure. Something down in the water thatwhispered yes, yes, yes. Go forward, onward, into the unknown. It felt like something between destruction and thrill
Krystal Sutherland, A Semi-Definitive List of Worst Nightmares|As she fell, Esther wasn’t worried about being blown off course and plummeting into the rocks below. She wasn’t worried about hitting the shallows and pin diving to the ocean floor and shattering her spine. She wasn’t even worried about Cthulhu. (Okay, maybe a little.) What she worried about was Eugene’s willingness to jump. The way he glanced down at the water far below and looked at it like it was home. The way he stepped lightly from the cliff’s edge, and the way he fell through the air faster than she did, dragged down by earth’s magnetic field. The way he flickered in the sunlight as he hit the water, the same way Tyler Durden flashed on-screen four times before you saw him solidly. Foreshadowing the twist to come. Eugene was afraid of demons, and monsters, and above all the dark, but he was not afraid of death. That scared her more than anything.
Krystal Sutherland, A Semi-Definitive List of Worst Nightmares|Esther supposed, as they held each other under a threadbare carpet of stars, that this was how it must always feel in the beginning. Yet even there, next to him, the most excellent person in the universe, she couldn’t stop herself from thinking that love was a pitcher plant. Sweet with nectar on the outside, but once you caught the scent and took the plunge, it ate you whole.Soul and all.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Not until your heart and mind comes into a total agreement for the approval of your true purpose on earth, you shall least unleash your full energy and true strength to accomplish your true mission with enthusiasm and full tenacity.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Kill your fear, and start something! God needs people for greater works, but fear always tells them how dangerous it is to take a step!
Paullina Simons, Lone Star|Lupe would have a lot to say about this. I can almost hear her gravelly voice in my head. There is no hate without fear, she'd say. Hate is fear crystallized, fear objectified. We hate what threatens our selves, our dreams, our plans, our freedom, our place in the world, our place in the hearts of the people we love. We fear first. Then we hate.And I know what I would say to her in response. Lupe, I'd say. My troubles are just beginning.
Adam Burch, Song of Edmon|Fear is no crime. But acting from fear is. Know that you're going to lose everything one day, whether you fear to lose it or not.
Azelene Williams, Broken Breaking the Silence|Life is full of challenges. In the end, it's getting up that pulls us through the dark days. So we can admire the sunset.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|It's strange how quickly the significance of of a certain smell can change, depending on what path it decides to take through the brain. It's strange how close love and fear live to each other.
Steven Pressfield, Gates of Fire: An Epic Novel of the Battle of Thermopylae|Phobologic discipline is comprised of twenty-eight exercises, each focusing upon a separate nexus of the nervous system. The five primaries are the knees and hams, lungs and heart, loins and bowels, the lower back, and the girdle of the shoulders, particularly the trapezius muscles, which yoke the shoulder to the neck.	A secondary nexus, for which the Lakedaemonians have twelve more exercises, is the face, specifically the muscles of the jaw, the neck and the four ocular constrictors around the eye sockets. These nexuses are termed by the Spartans phobosynakteres, fear accumulators.	Fear spawns in the body, phonologic science teaches, and must be combated there. For once the flesh is seized, a phobokyklos, or loop of fear, may commence, feeding upon itself, mounting into a “runaway” of terror. Put the body into a state of phobia, fearlessness, the Spartans believe, and the mind will follow.
Ron Brackin|If it is true, as God says, that we are as we think, we risk becoming what we most fear if our fear is stronger than our love.
Kelsey Brickl, Paint|When some women felt fear, they covered it with an iron grate of courage, I thought. Men might be dangerous, but they were very often unperceptive. If fear only rumbled through a woman’s soul and glittered through her eyes, then perhaps the man she feared would not be aware it was there at all. He might even think that she was entirely confident, dauntless. He might believe her veneer of bravery.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Why is it we want so badly to memorialize ourselves? Even while we're still alive. We wish to assert our existence, like dogs peeing on fire hydrants. We put on display our framed photographs, our parchment diplomas, our silver-plated cups; we monogram our linen, we carve our names on trees, we scrawl them on washroom walls. It's all the same impulse. What do we hope from it? Applause, envy, respect? Or simply attention, of any kind we can get?At the very least we want a witness. We can't stand the idea of our own voices falling silent finally, like a radio running down.
H.G. Wells, The Undying Fire|You have dwelt overmuch upon pain. Pain is a swift distress; it ends and is forgotten. Without memory and fear pain is nothing, a contradiction to be heeded, a warning to be taken. Without pain what would life become? Pain is the master only of craven men. It is in man's power to rule it.
Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity|Renunciation is dropping the fear, anger, respect, and disrespect but continuously radiating unconditional love for everyone.
Eileen Anglin|What is it that you want to do, or put out into this world that is greater than your fear?
Eileen Anglin|What is it you want to do, to put out into the world, that is greater than your fear?
Cristelle Comby, Russian Dolls|When a man is standing at the top of a cliff, it isn’t fear of falling that keeps him rooted to the edge — it’s the fear of not being able to resist the desire to jump, just to see what falling feels like.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For those who challenge the great dangers fearlessly, let us remind this realistic probability: Fear can save your life and courage may kill you; thus sometimes fear is a reasonable path to continue your path!
Ken Poirot|No one is born with fear: we learn it, create it, and perpetuate it. Therefore, fear's biggest secret is we also control it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We can be seized with panic of the fall, or inspired by the potential that lies within the fall.
Erik Pevernagie|Fear has always been a very important whistleblower. Our emotion and our history can provoke fear that may arrest us at any time or at any place. Above and beyond, fear might be contagious and its scent, sometimes sensual, sometimes mystical or animal, can exude the musty and arcane smell of destiny. ("One could still feel the smell of fear" )
G.K. Chesterton, What's Wrong with the World|The modern mind is forced towards the future by a certain sense of fatigue, not unmixed with terror, with which it regards the past. It is propelled towards the coming time; it is, in the exact words of the popular phrase, knocked into the middle of next week. And the goad which drives it on thus eagerly is not an affectation for futurity Futurity does not exist, because it is still future. Rather it is a fear of the past; a fear not merely of the evil in the past, but of the good in the past also. The brain breaks down under the unbearable virtue of mankind. There have been so many flaming faiths that we cannot hold; so many harsh heroisms that we cannot imitate; so many great efforts of monumental building or of military glory which seem to us at once sublime and pathetic. The future is a refuge from the fierce competition of our forefathers. The older generation, not the younger, is knocking at our door. It is agreeable to escape, as Henley said, into the Street of By-and-Bye, where stands the Hostelry of Never. It is pleasant to play with children, especially unborn children. The future is a blank wall on which every man can write his own name as large as he likes; the past I find already covered with illegible scribbles, such as Plato, Isaiah, Shakespeare, Michael Angelo, Napoleon. I can make the future as narrow as myself; the past is obliged to be as broad and turbulent as humanity. And the upshot of this modern attitude is really this: that men invent new ideals because they dare not attempt old ideals. They look forward with enthusiasm, because they are afraid to look back.
Harrish Sairaman|Courage is not the absence of Fear, but the ability to act in spite of fear!
Anthony T. Hincks|Listen to the sadness,the echoes in my mind,the place where I usually hide,but now I cannot find.Why had it happened?What had I done?Where was I going?Now I'm on the run.Hiding from the echoes,the pounding in my ears,the beatings getting louder,it isn't death, I fear!
Harrish Sairaman|Fear produces action, but would never create followers
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Too often it’s about what stands before us, not what stands within us.
Nick Vujicic, Unstoppable: The Incredible Power of Faith in Action|...you have to keep things in perspective, even when you are in the middle if a personal crisis. Fear breeds fear and worry builds upon worry. You can't stop feelings of grief, remorse, guilt, anger, and fear that wash over you during difficult times, but you can recognize them as pure emotional responses, and then manage them so that they don't dictate your actions.
Rachel Van Dyken, Ruin|You push forward, you fight the demons, you keep moving. Fear tries to paralyze you, to keep you from moving. It stops success, it stops progress - when you do things afraid, you're still accomplishing your goals, only you're doing it knowing that you are truly conquering the Everest in your life.
Unknown|My whole life I've been telling myself, "don't be afraid". And it is only now that I'm realizing how stupid that is. Don't be afraid. Like saying, "don't move out of the way when someone tries to punch you" or "don't flinch at the heat of fire" or "don't blink". Don't be human. I'm afraid and you're afraid and we're all always going to be afraid, because that's the point. What I should be telling myself is "be afraid, but do it anyway". Live anyway.
Unknown|My whole life I've been telling myself, "don't be afraid". And it is only now that I'm realizing how stupid that is. Don't be afraid. Like saying "don't move out of the way when someone tries to punch you" or "don't flinch at the heat of a fire" or "don't blink". Don't be human. I'm afraid and you're afraid and we're all always going to be afraid, because that's the point. What I should be telling myself is "be afraid, but do it anyway". Live anyway.
M.N. O’Brien|If a person cannot swim across the river, he must take the bridge. He is not afraid of the water or worried that he may drown. But he takes the bridge out of necessity. It is a fact. To fear or worry over necessities (over facts), stills the mind. The stagnant mind only focuses and refocuses on a single point, without peripheral vision—it ponders danger, but it does not prepare for it. The brave man is not bound immobile with caution or lost scouting the fog of hazard calculating insurmountable variables. His sight and sense is not hindered and he may confront danger upon its arrival. To be brave is not to be careless or headstrong, but to act without expectation.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|It's more that I want to leap in and say certain things and do certain things, but I always seem to hold myself back. I think a big part of me is afraid.
John Corey Whaley, Where Things Come Back|Dr. Webb says that life is so full of complications and confusion that humans oftentimes find it hard to cope. This leads to people throwing themselves in front of trains and spending all their money and not speaking to their relatives and never going home for Christmas and never eating anything with chocolate in it.Life, he says, doesn't have to be so bad all the time. We don't have to be so anxious about everything. We can just be. We can get up, anticipate that the day will probably have a few good moments and a few bad ones, and then just deal with it. Take it all in and deal as best as we can.
Scott Stabile|We rarely find answers in the distractions. But oh what possibilities live within the quiet of solitude.In my fear to be alone,I distracted myself away from the deep beauty of my own solitude.
Kim Liggett, Blood and Salt|It's good to be afraid," I said. "It means you still have something to live for.
Abby Rosmarin, No One Reads Poetry: A Collection of Poems|And with a frenzied, frightened, anxious heart, she tumbled headfirst into the life she was destined to live.- Future
Shveta Thakrar|When you put yourself on the page, but it will never be good enough for anyone else, when your raw, bloody heart's smashed into letters and words and paragraphs--can't they see the gore still dripping? What more do they want?-- and none of it matters?
Ryan Galloway, Biome|I don’t have to let anyone use me. I don’t have to bend the truth. Even if I’m not ready to forgive just yet, I don’t have to be tied to my scars, to the people who wounded me, or to the anger and fear that grew out of it. I can be myself and be honest and not be afraid. Not of getting hurt or of hurting others.
Eliza Granville, Gretel and the Dark|Fear of dying brings humans the greatest pain. Death is implicit in every form of joy. Of course, it also brings the end of pain.
L.E. Flinders, The Wolves Within Our Walls|Change is always a scary thing. We try to imagine various scenarios to prepare ourselves, like Jacob did with his hypotheticals. But when you find yourself in circumstances that you never thought possible, even if frequently imagined, when the consequences of those impossible, fantasy-tinted circumstances become real, it can be paralyzing.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I’m not the author of my fears, but I sure feed them really well.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|You’re not going to always hit a home run in life. You’re going to strike out! You’re going to walk to the dugout of life, frustrated, while spectators chirp your name in judgment. They’re afraid to even get on the field, and you know it. The fact that you get back up there, unafraid, going after that next home run, makes you the person you are.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever fear God, shall depart from evil.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fear the sword of sin, it leads to death of the soul.
Jellis Vaes|How much your life sucks, or how awesome your life is, is really all determined by how much fear controls your life.
Jaime Allison Parker|Steffy risked a glance at her fellow neighbors and townspeople. She often looked for kindred spirits in the crowd. None were ever found. Just once, she wished to see someone trying to hide a smile, a snicker, or plain sighing at the absurdity. The rowdy outcasts among the community were not welcome in the church. They knew better than to show their faces.
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|We both keep quiet. Again.Today just seems like a day for it. It’s easier that way. You don’t have to say things you don’t want to say because once the words are out, you’ll have to confront them.Confront your insecurities. Confront your fears.Confront yourself. I think that one, the last one, is the hardest.
Scott Stabile|How can we expect the world to change if we are unwilling to change ourselves? We hate the haters, judge the judgers, and refuse to forgive the supposed unforgivable. We are hypocrites, most of us, comfortable condemning others for the same things we do. Like sheep we follow, like wolves we attack, like fools we listen to the loudest voices, even when they scream nothing but hate. We are lost in our desire to be like everyone else, and paralyzed in our fear to be ourselves. We are desperate to feel safe amidst our cries for retaliation and more wars. Where is the common sense? If we want to end war, then be peaceful. If we want to know love, then stop hating. if we want to find happiness, then let go of negativity, and befriend gratitude. real change isn’t born from making the same choices over and over, especially choices muddied with insecurity and fear. we can’t wrest ourselves from darkness by turning out our light. everything just gets darker then. Let's worry less about changing the world and more about changing ourselves. That, we can do, each one of us. With commitment and work. And a single candle does wonders in even the darkest of nights.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Maybe my greater fear should not be fear itself, but what I will lose should I submit to fear.
Teresa Schultz, The Bible In Poetry,|We cannot let our hurts, fears, and prejudices get in the way of God’s calling for our lives.
Karishma Magvani|Some of the worst places I've ever lived in were fear, pain, and shame. The cost of living was so high, your only choice was a slow death.
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Flow (book 2)|It was all about taking the leap of faith. It said that the fear that stops us from doing what we really want, is often not based on reality. We shape our fears in our heads, but things are so much easier than we think.
Brittainy C. Cherry, The Fire Between High & Lo|He was afraid of letting anyone know of his love, because if life had taught him anything, it was that love wasn’t a prize, it was a weapon. And he was so tired of being hurt.
Emma Winters, Equal Parts|Brave the skeletons, darling.
Tim LaHaye, Transforming Your Temperament|Fear is the paralyzing emotion that inhibits or restricts normal feelings of love, confidence, and well-being.
Unknown|Let the one in least fear, lead.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|The fear of not living is a deep, abiding dread of watching your own potential decompose into irredeemable disappointment when 'should be' gets crushed by what is.
K. Weikel, Building Monsters|His is the same fear most everyone has, everyone for me for the fact that I cannot.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|I can’t bear the thought of oblivion, Asriel,” she continued. “Sooner anything than that. I used to think pain would be worse—to be tortured forever—I thought that must be worse . . . But as long as you were conscious, it would be better, wouldn’t it? Better than feeling nothing, just going into the dark, everything going out forever and ever?
Pat Shand, Destiny, NY, Volume One: Who I Used to Be|Hear folks talkin' about how some of us got the weight of the world on our shoulders? Fuck, maybe we do, but I'll hold onto it. At least it's somethin', you know?
Pat Shand, Destiny, NY, Volume One: Who I Used to Be|It's a new world, sweetie. We build our own destinies.
James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|...all the fears with which I had grown up, and which were now a part of me and controlled my vision of the world, rose up like a wall between the world and me...
Kate McGahan|We set our own limits on love. Some of us bind our hearts like Chinese women bind their feet. The binding is painful at first but eventually you get used to it and the pain goes away. The saddest part of all is that by binding yourself to the choices you make, you forget that there was ever another way to live.
T.S. Eliot, East Coker|Do not let me hearOf the wisdom of old men, but rather of their folly,Their fear of fear and frenzy, their fear of possession,Of belonging to another, or to others, or to God.
T.S. Eliot, The Dry Salvages|The backward look behind the assuranceOf recorded history, the backward half-lookOver the shoulder, towards the primitive terror.
DaShanne Stokes|The more we're thrown into conflict with each other through engineered distrust, the less able we are to unite against those responsible.
Opoong Amankwaa|Do not fear of ARREST. Why? Because, there is REST at the end of each AR"REST"; either in jail or in the grave. The wisest and the greatest of men are aware of this.
Gail Honeyman|These days, loneliness is the new cancer - a shameful, embarrassing thing, brought upon yourself in some obscure way. A fearful, incurable thing thing, so horrifying that you dare not mention it; other people don't want to hear the word spoken aloud for fear that they might too be afflicted, or that it might tempt fate into visiting a similar horror upon them.
Stephen W. Porges, The Polyvagal Theory: Neurophysiological Foundations of Emotions, Attachment, Communication, and Self-regulation|Playing nice" comes naturally when our neuroception detects safety and promotes physiological states that support social behavior. However, pro-social behavior will not occur when our neuroception misreads the environmental cues and triggers physiological states that support defensive strategies. After all, "playing nice" is not appropriate or adaptive behavior in dangerous or life-threatening situations. In these situations, humans - like other mammals - react with more primitive neurobiological defense systems. To create relationships, humans must subdue these defensive reactions to engage, attach, and form lasting social bonds. Humans have adaptive neurobehavioral systems for both pro-social and defensive behaviors.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The most difficult step ever is the first step. It comes with doubts, uncertainties, and all sort of fears. If you defy all odd and take it, your confidence will replicate very fast and you'll become a master!
Gift Gugu Mona|You will not find joy out of fear, therefore eliminate every component of fear in your life if joy is what you need.
Ray Bradbury, Bradbury Stories: 100 of His Most Celebrated Tales|Strange. Half my years afraid of life. The other half, afraid of death. Always some kind of afraid.
Raymond E. Feist, Exile's Return|The pride Kaspar had seen in his father’s eyes, despite the admonishing words about foolish acts, had branded the boy for life. 'Never be afraid.' He knew that no matter what, any choice must be made fearlessly, or else all would be lost.
Gwenda Bond, Triple Threat|I didn't mind walking into danger on my own. Not the concept of it, anyway.
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|Katherine gave in to the wonder of the moment, imagining herself in the astronauts' place. What emotions welled up from the depths of their hearts as they regarded their watery blue home from the void of space? How did it feel to be separated by a nearly unimaginable gulf from the rest of humanity yet carry the hopes, dreams, and fears of their entire species there with them in their tiny, vulnerable craft? Most people she knew wouldn't have traded places with the astronauts for all of the gold in Fort Knox. The men existed all alone out their in the void of space, connected so tenuously to Earth, with the real possibility that something could go wrong. But given the chance to throw her lot in with the astronauts, Katherine Johnson would have packed her bags immediately. Even without the pressure of the space race, even without the mandate to beat the enemy. For Katherine Johnson, curiosity always bested fear.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Sadly, in too many cases surrender is having been ‘outrun’ by fear rather than having ‘run out’ of heart.
Dada Bhagwan|When one remains ‘sincere’, no type of fear will come to him in the worldly life (sansar) and it will lead him to moksha (ultimate liberation)!
Jackson Lanzing, Joyride Vol. 2|Oh, get off it with that. So sensitive about language. Mate, love, nest, whatever. Point is, it stinks, especially when it goes bad. I get wanting to run away.
Jackson Lanzing, Joyride Vol. 2|Nothing is off-limits to me, tiny human. You think the desire in your heart is buried, but I couldn't ignore it if I tried! It means this: you want me to peace out? Shut it all down? Fine! I'll go! But you'll never get your next wish. Your secret wish. [. .] A mother's love. A father you know. A world at peace. A sky of stars. This could be yours . . . or you could lose it forever. And I can go. Doesn't matter to me, you finite speck.
Stephen W. Porges, The Polyvagal Theory: Neurophysiological Foundations of Emotions, Attachment, Communication, and Self-regulation|By processing information from the environment through the senses, the nervous system continually evaluates risk. I have coined the term neuroception to describe how neural circuitsdistinguish whether situations or people are safe, dangerous, or life-threatening. Because of our heritage as a species, neuroception takes place in primitive parts of the brain, without our conscious awareness.
Stephen W. Porges, The Polyvagal Theory: Neurophysiological Foundations of Emotions, Attachment, Communication, and Self-regulation|A child's (or an adult's) nervous system may detect danger or a threat to life when the child enters a new environment or meets a strange person. Cognitively, there is no reason for them to be frightened. But often, even if they understand this, their bodies betray them. Sometimes this betrayal is private; only they are aware that their hearts are beating fast and contracting with such force that they start to sway. For others, the responses are more overt. They may tremble. Their faces may flush, or perspiration may pour from their hands and forehead. Still others may become pale and dizzy and feel precipitously faint.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Uncle Silas|I have often wondered since at my own firmness. In that dreadful interview with my uncle I had felt, in the whirl and horror of my mind, on the very point of submitting, just as nervous people are said to throw themselves over precipices through sheer dread of falling.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If we’re honest, what makes something impossible is not our fear. Rather, it is our indifference.
Osho, Fear: Understanding and Accepting the Insecurities of Life|Fear is always around some desire. You want to become a famous man, the most famous man in the world- then there is fear. What if you cannot make it? Fear comes. You want to become the richest man in the world. What if you don't succeed? You start trembling; fear comes. You want to possess a woman and you are afraid that tomorrow you may not be able to hold on to her, she may go to somebody else.
Upton Sinclair, The Fasting Cure|In the evening I came home and read about the Messina earthquake, and how the relief ships arrived, and the wretched survivors crowded down to the water's edge and tore each other like wild beasts in their rage of hunger. The paper set forth, in horrified language, that some of them had been seventy-two hours without food. I, as I read, had also been seventy-two hours without food; and the difference was simply that they thought they were starving.
Miyamoto Musashi, The Book of Five Rings|What is essential is to suddenly make a move totally unexpected by the opponent, pick up on the advantage of fright, and seize the victory right then and there.
Daniel M. Ford, Stillbright|It is a rule of leading people, Gideon. You may be confused, or afraid, or overwhelmed, or all three—those who depend on you must never see it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Dragons are a manifestation of things we fear. More often than not, those fears prove to be just as daunting and just as imaginary.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Fear comes at me like a massive bull with lowered horns ready to gore. But I have learned of the insubstantial nature of fear: if I stand my ground, it will pass right through me.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Fear is not respect. It is but a conniving, little weasel next to that mighty lion. They are a far, far cry from the same animal.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Fear confronted me, and I stood paralyzed. He seemed a formidable, abiding presence. Then a voice whispered, “Fear not.” Fear not, I thought with desperate longing. Oh, how I wanted to heed those words—but how? Hour after hour, day after day, fear refused to budge while I remained paralyzed. And so I let him make my choices; what else could I do? Alas, he never once chose well for me.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Fear never scaled one mountain, never stepped up on a stage, never accepted a challenge, never tilled new ground, never walked in a race; he never even dared to dream. Fear failed to slay a single dragon. Remember this before you choose to keep his company.
Dan Harmon|My best advice about writer’s block is: the reason you’re having a hard time writing is because of a conflict between the GOAL of writing well and the FEAR of writing badly. By default, our instinct is to conquer the fear, but our feelings are much, much, less within our control than the goals we set, and since it’s the conflict BETWEEN the two forces blocking you, if you simply change your goal from “writing well” to “writing badly,” you will be a veritable fucking fountain of material, because guess what, man, we don’t like to admit it, because we’re raised to think lack of confidence is synonymous with paralysis, but, let’s just be honest with ourselves and each other: we can only hope to be good writers. We can only ever hope and wish that will ever happen, that’s a bird in the bush. The one in the hand is: we suck. We are terrified we suck, and that terror is oppressive and pervasive because we can VERY WELL see the possibility that we suck. We are well acquainted with it. We know how we suck like the backs of our shitty, untalented hands. We could write a fucking book on how bad a book would be if we just wrote one instead of sitting at a desk scratching our dumb heads trying to figure out how, by some miracle, the next thing we type is going to be brilliant. It isn’t going to be brilliant. You stink. Prove it. It will go faster. And then, after you write something incredibly shitty in about six hours, it’s no problem making it better in passes, because in addition to being absolutely untalented, you are also a mean, petty CRITIC. You know how you suck and you know how everything sucks and when you see something that sucks, you know exactly how to fix it, because you’re an asshole. So that is my advice about getting unblocked. Switch from team “I will one day write something good” to team “I have no choice but to write a piece of shit” and then take off your “bad writer” hat and replace it with a “petty critic” hat and go to town on that poor hack’s draft and that’s your second draft. Fifteen drafts later, or whenever someone paying you starts yelling at you, who knows, maybe the piece of shit will be good enough or maybe everyone in the world will turn out to be so hopelessly stupid that they think bad things are good and in any case, you get to spend so much less time at a keyboard and so much more at a bar where you really belong because medicine because childhood trauma because the Supreme Court didn’t make abortion an option until your unwanted ass was in its third trimester. Happy hunting and pecking!
Dada Bhagwan|There is nothing to fear in this world. Whatever happens, it happens to the body-complex [relative-self], right?
Dada Bhagwan|When one has no fear of insults, no one will insult him; that is the rule. The ‘transactions’ will continue as long as there is fear. The moment fear is gone, the transactions will end.
Jane Yolen|And at twelve, heading for adulthood, a child fears that the way she is at that moment is all she's ever going to be.
Cassandra Clare|You couldn't speak to fear, couldn't tell it the truth: Fear lived in your bones.
Ruth Downie, Semper Fidelis|But, when she was alone, someone rapped on the door and she found herself on her feet, knife in hand, before she had time to reason with her fear.
George Orwell, 1984|The old civilizations claimed that they were founded on love or justice. Ours is founded upon hatred. In our world there will be no emotions except fear, rage, triumph, and self-abasement.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If you dream your problems at night and live your problems by day, you are suffering the effects of paralyzing toxins delivered by the sting of worry, stress, and fear. You must detach yourself from these leeches if you do not wish to be irreversibly poisoned.
Carol Lee, To Die For|I started crying when the group [therapy] was over because the last thing we did upset me - we all held a piece of the same cloth, leaned back and supported each other's weight. I couldn't do it. I bent my legs and elbows and stood very firm, yet . . .I needed to feel supported, as i do in life, but i can't let myself be, and i pretend not to need that support.
Nenia Campbell, Cloak and Dagger|Mamá had always made it clear she believed girls who got raped deserved it. I hadn't done any of the things she said “bad” girls did, though. I didn't parade myself around in sluttish clothes and make untoward advances. But Mamá had been wrong about everything else so far, so maybe she'd been wrong about that, too. Maybe it didn't matter whether you were bad or good, prudish or wanton: maybe just being female was enough, for some men. Maybe, like so much else, it was only about control. But then why do I feel so guilty?
David Wong, John Dies at the End|I'm scared David""That's good, because there's lots to be afraid of
Piero Ferrucci, The Power of Kindness: The Unexpected Benefits of Leading a Compassionate Life|Some time ago, my son Emilio was going back to school after vacation. He did not like the idea at all and was filled with anxiety. To him, the approach of school days was like a monster that threatened him and wanted to squash him. What is a parent supposed to do? I tried to lift his spirits, to distract him, convince him it was not as bad as it seemed, but in vain. Then I hit upon the idea of offering him something that is almost taboo in our family: French fries at a fast-food place. Usually anything that is prohibited appeals to Emilio, especially junk food. I thought I had the ace up my sleeve. But no. Emilio's reply ought to be chiseled in stone: "Dad, you don't solve problems with french fries."Touche. You don't pretend problems do not exist, and you can't solve them with ephemeral distractions. You have to face them with open-eyed honesty. Offering French fries to my son in order to console and distract him from his anxiety was by no means a kind act. I was simply choosing the easier option--far too easy. I had found a comfortable way out.
Richard  Beck, Reviving Old Scratch: Demons and the Devil for Doubters and the Disenchanted|Being a parent is joyful, but it's also haunted by the specter of loss.
John   Kramer, Blythe|It was no accident that one of the first things God asked of Adam was for him to name the animals he saw around him. Why do you suppose God asked man to do that? Because once you have a name, you have the beginning of understanding, and once you have understanding, you lose fear. God didn’t want man to be fearful. He wanted man to be brave.
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|My fear for you outweighs my fear of him,” he said simply. “And I told you, didn’t I? If you left, I’d follow you.”But should you try to leave on your own, know that I will go to the ends of the earth to bring you back.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The moon is my fear.The sun is my heart afire.The stars, my love songs.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|Emma, everyone's afraid of something. We fear things because we value them. We fear losing people because we love them. We fear dying because we value being alive. Don't wish you didn't fear anything. All that would mean is that you didn't feel anything.
Dante Alighieri, The Inferno|your soul is sunken in that cowardice that bears down many men, turning their course and resolution by imagined perils, as his own shadow turns the frightened horse.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If your dream doesn't scare you, it's not big enough.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Existential anguish derives from the human freedom to think and act, experience love for life, and fear death. We must decide whether we wish to embrace all experience and encounters in life or seek escape from various aspect of human nature. How we resolve to address existential anguish becomes a large part of our personal story.
Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability|Acknowledging the problem is healthy, fearing it is not.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|Being afraid something is true is accepting the possibility. Accepting the possibility is the first step to believing. At least you are smart enough to question. Think of how easy it is to believe, for people who don't question, who don't even know how to question. For most people, it's not the truth that is important, it's the cause. Rahl is intelligent; he has given them a cause.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|The best remedy for those who are frightened, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere they can be alone, alone with the sky, nature and God. For then and only then can you feel that everything is as it should be and that God wants people to be happy amid nature's beauty and simplicity.As long as this exists, and that should be forever, I know that there will be solace for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances. I firmly believe that nature can bring comfort to all who suffer.
Ron Baratono|Dear God, I’m afraid of the things that I don’t understand. I’m even afraid of you, God. Please open my heart to your love. Show me how to understand and how to live with you each day. I don’t want to look weak, God, but the truth is I am weak because I don’t know you at all. Please come into my heart and allow me to push aside my pride and accept you totally into my life. Thank you for saving me. In Jesus’s name, I pray, amen.
Tania Aebi, I've Been Around|My sister, the one who knows everything and pulls out facts out of a bottomless hat, told me people aren't afraid of snakes or water upon birth. It is only once we hear the snake and water stories, she says, once we are exposed to fear, that we deny our primal instincts and make room for the dread to take root and mature.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|Sometimes, the greatest safety can be found in taking the right risk. Whether it be an individual, a community or a country, when faced with tragedy or fearful uncertainty, we either become bigger and enter life more fully, or else we accept a diminished life and resign ourselves to a smaller way of being.
M.E. Thomas, Confessions of a Sociopath: A Life Spent Hiding in Plain Sight|One nurse thought I was "brave." I think she was talking about my steely-eyed, grin-and-bear-it kind of attitude. There were no tears, no complaints from me - a total lack of affect. In a victim, it is courage and thus admirable; in a predator, it is a lack of humanity and instills fear.
Harriet Lerner, Ph.D.|When we take rejection as proof of our inadequacies, it's hard to allow ourselves to risk being truly seen again. How can we open ourselves to another person if we fear that he or she will discover what we're trying desperately to hide—that we are stupid, boring, incompetent, needy, or in some way deeply inadequate? Obviously we won't meet many people's standards or win their affection, respect, or approval. So what? The problem arises when shame kicks in and we aren't able to view our flaws, limitations, and vulnerabilities in a patient, self-loving way. The fear of rejection becomes understandably intense when it taps into our own belief that we are lesser than others—or lesser than the image we feel compelled to project.
Eleanor Roosevelt|There is a growing wave in this country of fear, and of intolerance which springs from fear. Sometimes it is a religious intolerance, sometimes it is a racial intolerance, but all intolerance grows from the same roots.
Sara  Barnard, A Quiet Kind of Thunder|﻿I want the world, I think. Even if it scares me.
Peter Heller, Celine|When we are most scared is the time to summon our clearest concentration and move forward, not back.
Stan Tatkin, Wired for Love: How Understanding Your Partner's Brain and Attachment Style Can Help You Defuse Conflict and Build a Secure Relationship|Fears and expectations that date back to earlier experiences of dependency, but that didn't arise during courtship or dating, are activated as commitment to the relationship increases. As a result, partners start to anticipate the worst, not the best from their relationship.
David Kushner, Alligator Candy: A Memoir|Kids grow up hearing fairy tales, but the biggest fairy tale of all, I realized at the age of four, is that life is safe. Life isn't safe, I learned. It's crazy. Evil is real. One minute you could be riding your bike on the way to get candy, and the next, you're dead. Anything could happen anywhere at any time. So now what? How was I supposed to live without giving in to the fear?
Scaachi Koul, One Day We'll All Be Dead and None of This Will Matter|Fear always reaches a breaking point and turns into anxiety or rage, and I don't have enough storage space for more fear in my life. Namely when it involves people I've never even met.
Harriet Lerner, The Dance of Fear: Rising Above Anxiety, Fear, and Shame to Be Your Best and Bravest Self|We may believe that anxiety and fear don't concern us because we avoid experiencing them. We may keep the scope of our lives narrow and familiar, opting for sameness and safety. We may not even know that we are scared of success, failure, rejection, criticism, conflict, competition, intimacy, or adventure, because we rarely test the limits of our competence and creativity. We avoid anxiety by avoiding risk and change. Our challenge: To be willing to become more anxious, via embracing new situations and stepping more fully into our lives.
Edvard Munch|My whole life has been spent walking by the side of a bottomless chasm, jumping from stone to stone. Sometimes I try to leave my narrow path and join the swirling mainstream of life, but I always find myself drawn inexorably back towards the chasm's edge, and there I shall walk until the day I finally fall into the abyss.
Roshani Chokshi, A Crown of Wishes|Fear was a reminder that even the insubstantial could kill. But insubstantial meant it had no shape. It couldn't be conquered or tamed or avoided. Only moved through, with force and will.
Karol Ladd, Becoming a Woman of the Word: Knowing, Loving, and Living the Bible|In my own life, I have seen God calm my fears and set my heart at rest when I praise and worship Him in the midst of my challenges. My friend, I want to encourage you, when you are riddled by destructive thoughts of fear or despair, turn your eyes upward and begin praising God for who He is and what He is able to do. Fears so easily pop into our thought-lives, and if we are not careful they can begin to dominate our minds. At that moment, allow your heart to worship Him. Praise Him that He knows all things, He can see all things, and He can do whatever He wants. Give Him glory for His sovereignty, majesty, love, and compassion. What a privilege that He invites us, His people to approach His throne and worship Him.... We can worship God day and night. Although it may seem counterintuitive, we can praise God even in our challenges and difficulties as we turn our hearts toward Him and recognize His ability to do all things. The opposite of worship would be to live with an attitude of pride, arrogance, fear, and self-centeredness.
Caroline George, The Vestige|If I seem to not want to be with him now, it’s only because love scares me too, more than manipulation, because love is a choice I make and not something forced upon me. I trust him, but I don’t trust myself. I must have time to trust myself so I can completely love him.He’s the grenade. I’m the grenade. We’ll blow each other to pieces… Together.
Catherine Louise Birmingham|Listen to your fears, they are the doorway to your freedom.
Catherine Louise Birmingham|Growth requires courage, risk and the willingness to go beyond fear.
Faith Baldwin, Harvest of Hope|It seems to me that few people walk their ways with deliberation, stopping every so often to delight in the seasons and in the simple, important, enduring things. Most of those I know are either rushing about blindly, almost headlong, or inching along, looking down. Both methods of progression are, in a spiritual sense, not progression at all, but symptoms of fear.No matter what has happened or what you fear will happen, you have to walk as though you were going somewhere—not in a hurry, not at a crawl, and certainly not running away from something toward you know not what.It cannot be said too often, or by too many people, that the path we follow must be taken a step at a time—never on the run, and never standing still, neither going backward nor marking time. Everyone hazards a guess at the future—his own, the future of those he loves, the future of the country and the world. Statisticians often come up with some amazing suggestions; so do computers; but no one really knows. Only He know, Who created this world in all its beauty, and our small selves, with it. And it's just as well that we don't know.
Chris Dee, Cat-Tales Book 2|Of all my objections to Jonathan Crane—and it is a lengthy list—the one point I will concede is that sometimes Fear has a purpose. Sometimes, fear is nature’s way of saying: Whoa there, Sundance, you sure you want to be jumping off that cliff, what with the rocky bed of the Colorado River churning 300 feet below? Sometimes, Fear has a point.
Eskay Teel, Alice in Worcestershire: Brummie girls do cry|The Sunday school trip: While us girls were alone, a nasty piece of work called Louise, aged about eleven, decided that it would be a ‘fun’ idea to hang someone over the cliff ... me!
Caroline George, The Vestige|Yes,” I whisper so the others won’t hear, “but being afraid is good because it means I still have more to lose.
Richie Norton|Some people say they have 20 years experience, when in reality, they have 1 year's experience repeated 20 times. (Stephen M R Covey to Richie Norton when Norton asked if he was too young to train older executives for Covey.)
Vandana Yadav|My tragedy is no peculiar. It is as ordinary as a street dog. I struggle and cope with my wants, my needs,my desires, me deeds and my dreams. I am not disillusioned, only a bit translucent. Maybe, I fear the consequences.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Above all, avoid lying, especially lying to yourself. Keep watching out for your lies, watch for them every hour, every minute. Also avoid disgust, both for others and yourself: whatever strikes you as disgusting within yourself is cleansed by the mere fact that you notice it.Avoid fear, too, although fear is really only a consequence of lies. Never be afraid of your petty selfishness when you try to achieve love and don’t be too alarmed if you act badly on occasion.
Brené Brown|It is easy to see how quickly expectations become layered, competitive and conflicting. This is how the shame web works. We have very few realistic options that allow us to meet any of these expectations. Most of the options that we do have feel like a "double bind." When Marilyn Frye describes a double bind as "a situation in which options are very limited and all of them expose us to penalty, censure or deprivation.
Valenciya Lyons, Life After Natalie|The day Cami nearly succeeded at her suicide attempt was the worst day of Kaci’s life. Cami was the only sister that she had, and she couldn’t imagine spending the rest of her life without her.
Catherine Louise Birmingham|Growth requires courage, strength and the willingness to go beyond fear.
Emery Lord, The Names They Gave Us|And that's why I don't get to cry, I guess. Because they do. Because we're older but we're not the grown-ups who seem too far away to understand. I tuck that thought inside me, warm and small like balled hands inside hoodie pockets. Beneath the beech trees and sugar maples, feet crunching against dead leaves, I hope for strength. Because as much as I want to be the one crying, I want to be the kind of person someone can hold onto.
Farah Oomerbhoy, The Last of the Firedrakes|When difficulties come, we must see them as what they are---opportunities and a new path to discover your potential. How will you ever know the magnitude of courage you are capable of if you have never experienced the hopelessness of fear?
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we pay attention to sensations in our bodies, we can feel that love is the energetic opposite of fear.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Love seems to open and expand us right down to the cellular level, while fear causes us to contract and withdraw into ourselves.
U.G. Krishnamurti, No Way Out: Dialogues with Krishnamurti|The body cannot be afraid of death. The movement that is created by society or culture is what does not want to come to an end. . . . What you are afraid of is not death. In fact, you don't want to be free from fear. . . . It is the fear that makes you believe that you are living and that you will be dead. What we do not want is the fear to come to an end. That is why we have invented all these new minds, new science, new talk, therapies, choiceless awareness and various other gimmicks. Fear is the very thing that you do not want to be free from. What you call “yourself” is fear. The “you” is born out of fear; it lives in fear, functions in fear and dies in fear.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Sadly, it seems that I have the proclivity to create plenty of devils, but most of the time I don’t even go looking for angels.
Catherine Jane Fisher, I am Catherine Jane: The True Story of One Woman's Quest for Justice|It takes courage to stand up for yourself. I stand in honor, and no longer in fear of speaking out.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|That scream left her mouth and entered my head, where it's been ever since, sometimes waking me up at night.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Running’ is driven by panic. ‘Destination’ is driven by thought. And while it’s terribly painful to admit, incessantly pretending that I do the latter doesn’t replace the fact that I’m constantly doing the former.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To ‘pretend’ is to say that I’m willing to waste the precious energy that it takes to pretend, and I’m unwilling to cultivate the bravery that it takes to be real. And I am at a complete loss to pretend that either of these aren’t true.
Samantha Shannon, The Song Rising|I imagined, too. And so imagination became my nemesis; my mind created monsters out of nothing.
C. JoyBell C.|Losing something happens in a day. An end takes one day. We all seem to focus on that one day, on that ending, rather than on the beautiful story that was created before the end came. We are obsessed with endings, so much so, that we would rather not live at all, than live and then lose. So, we have two choices: to not create our stories because we know that one day they have endings, or, to build our stories and therefore to live, filling the many years with memories and moments! An end takes one day to happen, but life takes place in the moments and in the memories that we choose to feel, to build, to hold. Don't miss out on the years, for the fear of one day.
Rebecca McNutt, Listen is Silent, or The Usurer|Geraldine keeps her eyes trained on him as she slowly reaches into her purse, wrapping her fingers around her gun. “…Callo, I’m so sorry that your life ended up this way,” she sighs as she gets out of her side of the car, her feet burning from the cold as her high heels sink into the fallen snow. “Aren’t you scared?”“I’m you, Geraldine… I fell into the same trap as you, anyway,” Callo answers. His large eyes are shining with tears, but he doesn’t seem afraid in the least. “…The dead don’t feel anything, you know… not even guilt or regret. So, what is there to be afraid of?
Anthony Liccione|Key the mind, and set the soul free.
Frederica Mathewes-Green|Easter tells us of something children can't understand, because it addresses things they don't yet have to know: the weariness of life, the pain, the profound loneliness and hovering fear of meaninglessness.
Sunday Adelaja|Fear of failure is expressed in negative goal-setting, indecisiveness, and fear of adverse consequences
Sunday Adelaja|Complex steels our energy with the help of misgivings, strains, and fear of consequences for wrong decisions
Sunday Adelaja|We will understand that fear is not a special feature of human being, if we saw ourselves from the creator’s point of view
Sunday Adelaja|The feelings of guilt takes away self-confidence, reduces self-esteem welcomes fear, confusion, disappointment, depression etc.
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|I’ve learned that to be courageous is to feel fear within, every step of the way. Courage does not take over, it fights and struggles through every word you say and every step you take. It’s a battle or a dance as to whether to let it pervade. It takes courage to overcome, but it takes extreme fear to be courageous.
Christopher Pike, Chain Letter|It’s like a haunted house we can’t leave,’ Neil said.A haunted house we’re afraid to leave, Tony thought.
Phil Dourado, The 60 Second Leader: Everything You Need to Know about Leadership, in One Minute Bites|When you trust your own abilities and those of the people around you, you overcome fear. And when the people you lead trust themselves and you - that you have their best interests at heart and are authentic - is when you and they will achieve the most.
Tomas Schuman|Whether I scare some people or not, I don't give a hoot. If you're not scared by now, nothing can scare you.
H.S. Crow, Lunora and the Monster King|You are sorrow. You exist, even if joy is present. You’re not like them. You’re not like any other emotion. Hate and fear come and go, but you exist even when the breeze is clear of sadness. You are permanent and needed.
Donald G. Firesmith, Demons on the Dalton|As long as we’re comparing analogies,” Jack added, “how about this one? A person being chased by a bear doesn’t have to be able to run faster than the bear. He only has to be faster than his slowest companion. Driver picks. I’m going to catch up with the convoy, find a way to pass several of the cars, and not be last in line.
Beth Underdown, The Witchfinder's Sister|For it is a choice, I think, to close the heart, just as it is a choice to open it. It is a choice to look at what distresses you, and a choice to shut your eyes. It is a choice to hold tight your pain, or else let it slip your grasp, set it free to make its mark upon the world.
Charles Dickens, The Mystery of Edwin Drood|Who is Mr. Jasper?"Rosa turned aside her head in answering: "Eddy's uncle, and my music-master.""You do not love him?""Ugh!" She put her hands up to her face, and shook with fear or horror."You know that he loves you?""O, don't, don't, don't!" cried Rosa, dropping on her knees, and clinging to her new resource. "Don't tell me of it! He terrifies me. He haunts my thoughts, like a dreadful ghost. I feel that I am never safe from him. I feel as if he could pass in through the wall when he is spoken of." She actually did look round, as if she dreaded to see him standing in the shadow behind her."Try to tell me more about it, darling.""Yes, I will, I will. Because you are so strong. But hold me the while, and stay with me afterwards.""My child! You speak as if he had threatened you in some dark way.""He has never spoken to me about - that. Never.""What has he done?""He has made a slave of me with his looks. He has forced me to understand him, without his saying a word; and he has forced me to keep silence, without his uttering a threat. When I play, he never moves his eyes from my hands. When I sing, he never moves his eyes from my lips. When he corrects me, and strikes a note, or a chord, or plays a passage, he himself is in the sounds, whispering that he pursues me as a lover, and commanding me to keep his secret. I avoid his eyes, but he forces me to see them without looking at them. Even when a glaze comes over them (which is sometimes the case), and he seems to wander away into a frightful sort of dream in which he threatens most, he obliges me to know it, and to know that he is sitting close at my side, more terrible to me than ever.""What is this imagined threatening, pretty one? What is threatened?""I don't know. I have never even dared to think or wonder what it is.""And was this all, to-night?""This was all; except that to-night when he watched my lips so closely as I was singing, besides feeling terrified I felt ashamed and passionately hurt. It was as if he kissed me, and I couldn't bear it, but cried out. You must never breathe this to any one. Eddy is devoted to him. But you said to-night that you would not be afraid of him, under any circumstances, and that gives me - who am so much afraid of him - courage to tell only you. Hold me! Stay with me! I am too frightened to be left by myself.
Sunday Adelaja|We fear that we are ugly, that we cannot succeed and we are afraid of something
Sunday Adelaja|But for many people, a huge part of the energy goes into the struggle with complexes, fear, worries, anxiety, and the energy cannot be used to achieve goals and dreams
Donald G. Firesmith, Demons on the Dalton|He leaned towards me, and I did what any reasonable person would do when facing imminent death by being eaten alive. I screamed.
Donald G. Firesmith, Demons on the Dalton|They prefer their meals alive and terrified, for fear is their favorite sauce.
E.F. Benson, Night Terrors: The Ghost Stories of E.F. Benson|Philosophers have argued about the strongest emotion known to man. Some say ‘love’, others ‘hate’, others ‘fear’. I am disposed to put ‘curiosity’ on a level, at least, with these august sensations, just mere simple inquisitiveness.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Too often fear is fiction madly running amuck, all the while madly tracking ‘muck’ across the floor of fact.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Whatever our fears are, reflect on our deep core beliefs and insecurities.
Katie Hamstead, Myths of Mish|Fear is very powerful, almost as powerful as love.
Gift Gugu Mona|Great leaders do not fear challenges, because challenges don't break leaders but sharpens them.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We will understand the depth of our vision when at some point we are finally faced with the price we must pay to achieve it. And when the price comes calling, most visions end up falling.
H.S. Crow|The elasticity of our dreams can take us to unspoken worlds, but our innate horror of the unknown is what weighs us down. Fight it.Travel to the isolated coils of smoldering dust trapped in our dusky sky or explore the unseen timeless vibration of dancing particles that fashions existence. Whatever choice you make can change your life forever. The same applies to a story. Words are the atoms of a tale, and together they compose a universe.
Jeffrey Fry|Fear is caused by the uncertainty of the future. Sorrow is caused by the remembrance of the past. Try to keep your thoughts in the present, for the future we will never know and the past we may never understand.
Samantha Shannon, The Song Rising|Just going outside put me at risk of winding up dead or captured. If I let that daunt me, I'd never do anything.
Anne Bishop, Etched in Bone|...you look the truth in the face - not the truth that has fangs and fur but the hard truth about yourself, that you're just as dangerous as the beings the rest of the people fear but you can't afford to be as honest about it. You can't tell those people that you'll make deals with what they fear in order to keep them sage from the monsters who look just like them.
