Santosh Thankachan|When we become strangely silent on increasing interference of Worldly norms into Church culture and don't address it Prayerfully, Wisely and in God's Love then it will soon become a deadly snare in which not only ourselves but we will find our coming generations as well brutally trapped and suffering.
Peter J. Leithart, Traces of the Trinity: Signs of God in Creation and Human Experience|The Triune God is in the world, nearer to us than we are to ourselves, yet the world is also encompassed by his loving presence. He does have the whole world in his hands, even while he inhabits the whole world. For Christians, being saved means being caught up into this communion, indwelled by God and indwelling in him, and being opened up so that other people may have room in us and we in them.
Peter J. Leithart|The Triune God is in the world, nearer to us than we are to ourselves, yet the world is also encompassed by his loving presence. He does have the whole world in his hands, even while he inhabits the whole world. For Christians, being saved means being caught up into this communion, indwelled by God and indwelling in him, and being opened up so that other people have room in us and we in them.
James C. Dobson|Sin has invaded God's creation, and we live now in a fallen world.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whether you have teeth or not, smile! Because our world always needs a smile!
Hiroshi Sakurazaka, All You Need Is Kill 1|A window of opportunity might present itself in tomorrow's battle. The odds of that happening may be 0.1 percent, or even 0.01 percent, but if I could improve my combat skills even the slightest bit- if that window were to open even a crack- I'd find a way to force it open wide. If I could learn to jump every hurdle this little track meet of death threw at me, maybe someday I'll wake up in a world with a tomorrow.
Alok Jagawat|The lesser the baggage you have, the easiest will be the travelling in this world
Deyth Banger|The world should have balance between evil and good, positive and negative. If one is missed there isn't balance.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|There's an amazing world out there for you to discover, Henry Denton, but you have to be willing to discover yourself first.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Wherever in the world a country is governed by spiritually ill, politically empty, ethically rotten and mentally stupid people, over there you can find nothing but chaos, tears and fire!
Madeleine L'Engle|The story comes, and it is pure story. That's all I set out to write. But I don't believe that we can write any kind of story without including, whether we intend to or not, our response to the world around us.
Enock Maregesi|My novels are set in a global space and pace. However, I have never visited most of the places. I wrote my first book in London but the story took the reader to places in Mexico, Denmark and Russia, and carefully avoided London. I access these global locations with my feet planted in front of my computer. I will use my internet connection to carefully enter the streets of a foreign city and find out how long it will take my main character to get from the airport to the city center – and if there are any shortcuts on the way. I wanted to do something new. The world is becoming a global village and we have to understand these different cultures. There is a Danish culture, an Israeli culture and so on. So if you want to go to Denmark, then read the book.
ELW-Reta Barnes|The only way we can eliminate despots in this world, is not to be peaceful about it, for that has been the case for many people that has caused the upheaval of such tyranny, nor we should turn the other way, but we must take appropriate actions to eliminate the thriving forces of such darkness in our world.
Shilpa Menon|Climate Change is a bit like our advanced societies. Too late to "fix." The only choice left is that we adapt to what we've created.
Gérard de Nerval|Man, free thinker!Do you imagine you alone think in this world where life is blazing forth in all things?You are free to avail yourself of the forces you command, but the universe has gone missing from your prescriptions.
Bonnie Zackson Koury|Having the strength to pull yourself away from the toxicity and surrounding yourself with all the nourishing things you need to grow is a huge accomplishment. although not everybody has supporting family and friends in this new world of ours, but that doesn't mean you should give up, there is a whole world out there full of great people willing to help you succeed you just have to learn how to surround yourself with them and appreciate them, not use them for your own selfishness. And then my friend you have learned a life lesson <3 <3 <3
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, there are instruments to acquire instruments; ‘here’, there is the instrument to attain the Final Goal (Self Realization).
Munia Khan, Beyond The Vernal Mind|Growing older is a blurred birth certificate that only can take us to this world’s perplexed journey, but it cannot smear the letters of the epitaph
E.N. Supen, The Victorious Kingdom Quotes|We have a natural and supernatural identity. Our spirituality should be relevant to daily life; our calling is to influence the world through right living, the Truth and the power of God.
Mary Morrell, Things My Father Taught Me About Love|Love by its very nature is extravagant, but we poor human beings, so caught up in fear and worry, limit the very love we were created to bring into the world.
A.D. Posey|You have to validate yourself first, and then you will receive the much-deserved healing validation from the rest of the world.
Agatha Christie, The Mysterious Mr. Quin|... suppose if something very terrible had happened, so terrible as to be almost unbearable, one might get like that. One might run away from reality into a half world of one's own and then, of course, after a time, one wouldn't be able to get back...
Kyoko Kirigiri|It's odd, isn't it? People die everyday and the world goes on like nothing happened.
Dada Bhagwan|The whole world has the illusory awareness of, ‘I am the doer’. In reality, everyone’s karmas are getting discharged, but one is not aware of this. One has no awareness of his own True Self.
Erik Pevernagie|The perpetual movement of the water, rolling from and to unknown destinations, the voices of the sea shield us from the raging furies and shrieking sounds of dystopian surroundings, creating an unwinding veil for stilled happiness, acquainting us with the gentle, cosmic rhythms of an extraneous world. They are a soothing relief and let us listen to the voices of our inner world. ("Voices of the sea" )
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|She’s leaving me!”“Leaving? She’s been waiting for you to get your shit together.”I step into him. “That Hunter bastard is offering her the world! What do I got to give? Nothing. I’ve got nothing.”Isaiah slams his finger into my biceps. “She looks at you like you’re the whole universe! I’d kill to have a sliver with Beth of what you have with Echo. Wake the f*ck up!”I pound my hand to my chest, mimicking the pain slicing it. “Echo’s leaving me.”“No, man. You’re the one leaving her,” he seethes. “Get it together or she will walk.
Jess "Chief" Brynjulson, Highway Writings|It's all part of my spirituality,as the wind softly kisses my face, and the world travels beneath me.
Anne Rice, The Feast of All Saints|Because if it's really true that there's no order, then anything can happen to us. Anything at all. There's no real natural law, no right and wrong that's immutable, and the world is suddenly a savage place where any number of things can go wrong.
merlin8thomas|GOD PUNISHES NOT FOR WORLD TO LAUGH,I AM NOT A EMOTIONLESS PAPER OF GRAPH,EVEN I AM NOT THE WORLD'S STAFF,DON'T ANGRY THINKING ME A CALF.
Dada Bhagwan|The world is the puzzle, itself; but it is always in principle.
Dada Bhagwan|The world is not worthless but one should know how to get work done from it, because everyone is God, they all have different work to do. Therefore do not have dislike for anything in this world.
Erik Pevernagie|When questioning ourselves, we must identify, where we are heading to. Do we prefer our life to remain untitled. Will we stand bare and naked without dressing any expectations or do we decide to interact with the world around. Will we play a part on the stage of life or do we choose to remain simply a chapter without heading, an episode without caption, an untitled interval. ("Life untitled" )
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|Guess life is really a road marked by crossroads. It's not the long and winding stretches that will hurt you the most. It's the crossroads. You make a bad choice and it's a tumble and a rumble before you get back on your feet again. But you'll get back on your feet. You'll find yourself. And then you'll be off to your next adventure (crossroads, I mean). In my case, I always had a safety net—my faith in God. But then, I'm more like the millions of simple folk who travel this world.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|I have not known him long indeed, but I am much better acquainted with him than I am with any other creature in the world.
Conn Iggulden, Conqueror|The world cannot be full of lead dogs, or the pack would pull itself apart.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|What sort of world is it at all? Men on the moon and men spinning round the earth like it might be midges round a lamp, and there's not no attention paid to earthly law nor order no more.
Nabil TOUSSI|Nothing better than this moments of new year, to say : goodbye last day, last month, last year. Do i confused to say goodbye facebook? goodbye virtual world?
Chris Geiger, The Cancer Survivors Club|The world is such a big place; staying in one town your whole life, is like never leaving your house.
Manos Abou Chabke|We are living in a world where most of our time is spent by the majority in front a screen and a software, whether its a game, trading, movie, pictures etc... in principal this is where we spend most of our time. For that be cautious and aware of that fact and apply changes - dont forget the real world, it will give you lots of happiness for getting into the real world for a short time - that is because our brains miss reality !
Brandon Sanderson, Sixth of the Dusk|The world is progressing. One man cannot slow it, no matter how determined he is."He stopped in the 
Damon Galgut, Arctic Summer|All of them would understand, as he did now, that he had crossed a line in himself, he had left their world behind, the decent world of tea parties and suburban witticisms.
J.R. Rim|Doing the things you hate is living in a world of sin. Hell is staying in the place Jesus saved you from. That is, to live on your own, without God.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|To forgive, you must love the world and everything in it. Anything less is hypocrisy.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|Get up,” she said. “Get up, my lord. If you do not have long, there is still much to do. You must not waste another day, another morning! Take hold of your life with both hands and crush it to you, my lord. You will not have another in this world.
Lauren Myracle, The Infinite Moment of Us|You will love the ocean. It makes you feel so... I don't know. Small, but not in a bad way. Small because you realize you're part of something bigger.
Carlos Fuentes, Terra Nostra|all that was left to me was certain images and all of them spoke to me of the collapse of a cruel world and the slow construction in its stead of another world, equally cruel.
Danielle Esplin, Give It Back|It’s all about that cosy, homey feeling, the one you leave behind when you travel across the world.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|There is a world outside the one we know,” he said softly, “with cultures and races and armies who have never heard of us. Yes, and cities greater than Yenking and Karakorum. To survive, to grow, we must remain strong. We must conquer new lands, so that our army is always fed, always moving. To stop is to die, Chagatai.
Gian Andrea, Agida: Upon dirty art|if I can't change the world," he told her, "I will change the way people look at it.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|The world under your feet is changing & you never noticed, it's on you. If you're changing & the world failed to notice, it's not on you...
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|The world has grown too large for one army of the nation, my brother. You will ride where I tell you to ride, conquer where I tell you to conquer. The world is yours, if you can put aside the base part of you that tells you to rule it all. That you may not have. Now give me an answer and your oath. Your word is iron, brother, and I will take it. Or I can just kill you now.
kambiz shabankareh|The world is filled with people who lie to each other everyday. They lie about their own well-being, lie about time, lie about what they like and dislike, lie about the best moments they have had, lie to make money, lie to lose money, lie to kill others, lie to save others and lie about love every second of their life. This world is filled with liars.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|Maybe I need to immerse the fabric of my soul in torrential nature of Christmas, and in doing so to finally understand that it is the very thing that can make the world what I so wish it were.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|We colour the world,Not with the darkness of our pasts, But with the rainbow of our hope.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Friends can become enemies, and enemies can become friends. Ego and pride can turn what is good into bad, and kind words can turn what is bad into something good.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the world you created on your own is stronger than the real world, then the real world disappears and you stay alone with your own created world!
Mehmet Murat ildan|You are looking at the world from your window, that’s good, but there is something missing here, something very big: You must also look at your window from the world to see yourself!
Bushra Khanum|It's hard to be content with your life, when you know the world has so much more to offer.
Andrew McMillan|oh love, doesn’t the fact that the world is so big,laid out like ripe fruitmake you want to stay?
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Well, have you even tried again? You can’t just sit around waiting for the new world to take it with you. You have to go out and be part of it - despite your past mistakes.
Mouloud Benzadi|Humans without humanity, trouble in the World for eternity.
Nathan Filer|We are selfish, my illness and I. We think only of ourselves. We shape the world around us into messages, into secret whispers spoken only for us.
Megan Frazer Blakemore, The Friendship Riddle|Mr. Douglas told us true.He knows why the sky is blue.Why the earth spins round and round,And where the next clue can be found.Ask him, maybe, will he tell you?His radio, those ads will sell you.Peppy song will make you wonder,If the world is going under.Bring him something from the doctor--Nothing spicy-while he proctors.It may be those fizzy bubbles, Let him help you with your troubles.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|Out here you need to live in the moments. Watch the world. You're a young man, Jal, a child who's refused to grow up. Do it now, or you'll die a young man.
Edward Bond|If a god had made the world, might world always be right, that would be so wise, we'd be spared so much suffering. But we made the world - out of our smallness and weakness. Our lives are awkward and fragile...
Seth Dickinson, The Traitor Baru Cormorant|Oh,” she said. “Yes.” She was warm with the wine, with the shape of the plan she’d begun to form, and could not keep the merriment from her voice, the joy of reaching out into the world and altering it. “There will be a price.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust|The world admires wealth and velocity—these are the things for which everyone strives. Railroads, the post, steamboats, and all possible modes of communication are the means by which the world overeducates itself and freezes itself in mediocrity.
Eraldo Banovac|The age of ex cathedra culture in education is definitely finished. Thesedays, we use modern teaching methods in line with advances in technologythat changes culture and even society itself. However, the biggest challenge for a modern education system is how to prepare new generations for living in a highly competitive world full of uncertainties.
Don Roff|You cannot write your character until you know how he or she thinks, until you know what their philosophy is in the world that they occupy.
Erik Pevernagie|We perceive the world through the rear window of life, observe all the puzzles and little pieces of our existence and assemble them in a comprehensive pattern. This allows us to reassess and evaluate our world view. ( "Waiting for the pieces to fall into place" )
Madeleine L'Engle|Lords of spirit, Lords of breath,Lords of fireflies, stars, and light,Who will keep the world from death?Who will stop the coming night?Blue eyes, blue eyes, have the sight.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Parerga and Paralipomena|There is nothing to be got in the world anywhere; privation and pain pervade it, and boredom lies in wait at every corner for those who have escaped them. Moreover, wickedness usually reigns, and folly does all the talking. Fate is cruel, and human beings are pathetic.
Philip K. Dick|Then the true name for religion,' Fat said, 'is death.''The secret name,' I agreed. 'You got it. Jesus died; Asklepios died - they killed Mani worse than they killef jesus, but nobody even cares; nobody even remembers. They killed the Catharist in southern France by the tens of thousands. In the Thirty Years War, hundreds of people died. Protestants and Catholics - manual slaughter. Death is the real name for it; not God, not the Savior, not love - death. Kevin is rights about his cat. It's all there in his dead cat. The Great Judge can't answer Kevin: "Why did my cat die?" Answer: "Damned i I knoe." There is no answer; there is only a dead animal that just wanted to cross the street. We're all animals that want to cross the street only something mows us down half-way across that we never saw. Go ask Kevin. "Your cat was stupid." "Who made the cat? Why did he make the cat stupid? Did the cat learn by being killed, and if so, what did he learn? Did Sherri learn anything from dying of cancer? did gloria learn anything-''Okay, enough,' Fat said.'Kevin is right,' I said. 'Go out and get laid.''By who? they're all dead.'I said, 'There's more. Still alive. Lay one of them before she dies or you die or somebody dies, some person or animal. You said it yourself: the universe is irrational because the mind behind it is irrational. You are irrational and you know it. We all are and we know it, on some level. I'd write a book about it but no one would believe a group of human being could be as irrational as we are, as we've acted.
Erwin K. Thomas, A Weekly Encounter: Fifty-Two Meditations of Hope|Our work in the world calls for many hands at the wheel. Planet earth is crying out in pain, and Christians have to pick up their crosses and follow Christ, his apostles and saints. These were all shining lights in a broken world ...
J.R. Rim|To the world, most people are not remembered for being great parents. To the child, without parents, nothing great would have been put into the world.
Sunday Adelaja|Even though we live in an unfair world, where some men and nations acquire their wealth in ways that are not always as straightforward as we would like it to be, yet in the midst of it all, it is not impossible to discover principles and secrets for the greatness of nations.
Fahad Rashiq|Your Brain is most Precious FACTORY in the World Because, It MANUFACTURES Thoughts
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Before you talk to the world, talk to yourself. And, before you listen to the world, listen to yourself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What is the world’s problem? The world is still believing the old childish stories! That is the problem! Grow up, world, grow up! Be a bit serious!
Sunday Adelaja|I believe that for Nigeria and other third world countries to truly become developed, we must change the culture and attitude of our people towards work
Sunday Adelaja|Singapore, Switzerland, Austria, and many of the European countries that we all admire today, don’t have one tenth of the natural resources that African countries have. Yet, because of the principles of truth and honesty, they have been able to build some of the most civilized societies in the modern world.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A nation’s people must love each other, otherwise there will remain no nation! The world’s nations must love each other otherwise there will remain no world!
Paula Stokes, Girl Against the Universe|The world is full of holes and uneven seams, wrinkled places that you can’t make smooth, no matter how hard you try.
Paula Stokes, Girl Against the Universe|Some people think they can just decree that everything will be fine. The world doesn’t work like that. I’m not sure the world gives a crap about anyone’s promises, well-meaning or otherwise. Sometimes the Universe just takes what it wants.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|This is God's universe and he is the master gardener of all. If we were to eliminate all colors in his garden,then what would be a rainbow with only one color? Or a garden with only one kind of flower? Why would the Creator create a vast assortment of plants, ethnicities, and animals, if only one beast or seed is to dominate all of existence?
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|I don’t want anything else bad to happen,” she whispered, her voice choked with tears. “I’m so sick to death of bad things happening, of seeing bad things that happened in the past! And I’m guilty of so many things. I’m sorry that I killed Mrs. Matthias and wrecked her stupid greenhouse back in the Eighties and I’m sorry I left you here alone while I went around the world.”“I wasn’t alone though, I knew you were doing what you wanted to do and that you were still alive, so I wasn’t really alone, I knew you were still there somewhere,” Alecto told her. His damaged smile and downcast, sorrowful eyes were draped in the shadow of the night, saving Mandy the trouble of seeing.
Alain de Botton, The Art of Travel|If the world seems unfair or beyond our understanding, sublime places suggest that it is not surprising that things should be thus. We are the playthings of the forces that laid out the oceans and chiselled the mountains.
Rinsai  Rossetti, The Girl with Borrowed Wings|I rely on a backbone of books and, for the most part, it's enough to keep me quiet, half-drugged with dreams of imaginary worlds.
Sierra Cartwright, Bind|You don’t have to go through your life being a dumbnuts. Relax a little. You don’t have to be responsible for the whole world. The earth was in orbit when we got here, and it will be here when we leave.” - Erin
Ken Poirot, Go Viral!: The Social Media Secret to Get Your Name Posted and Shared All Over the World!|Expression that comes from the deepest, darkest place that most of us would rather hide from the rest of the world is the substance that will most likely also deeply affect others.
Catherynne M. Valente, Speak Easy|Al is the upside down man. Back home, you work all day and night to learn how to paint, learn linseed and cadmium and badger-hair and perspective, which is just math in art-school drag, you know? And maybe you still can't do anything worth phoning the Met over. But hey, getting a boy to fuck you is just the easiest thing since Sunday naps. Up top, getting drunk at a party is what you do when you're all out of art. But in...Canada? Are we calling it Canada now? Ok! Al's the King of Canada and he says: fuck that for a lark! The world feels like being a bastard-and-a-half this decade, let's play nine-pins on its grave. Down here it's all the same! Kiss a boy and books come out! Ralph up Parthenons into the upstairs toilet! Dance poems, shit showtunes! Art is easy! Pick up genius at the corner shop! Sell your soul and half your shoes for a glass of gin!' He looks up at Zelda Fair and his poor goblin face goes all twisted up and desperate. 'It's all fucked anyway, you see? The end of the world already happened. It's happening all the time. It's gonna happen again. And again after that. Just when you think it's done falling on its face, the world picks itself up and throws itself off a roof. Boom. Pavement. The world's ending forever and ever and we're not even allowed to toast at her funeral. So we gotta do something else or she won't know we ever loved her.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Create a world within the world and be happy inside it! Don’t forget, you are not condemned to live the world as is!
Andrzej Sapkowski, Krew elfów|You can't stop a soldier from being frightened but you can give him motivation to help him overcome that fear. I have no such motivation. I can't have. I'm a witcher: an artificially created mutant. I kill monsters for money. I defend children when their parents pay me to. If Nilfgaardian parents pay me, I'll defend Nilfgaardian children. And even if the world lies in ruin - which does not seem likely to me - I'll carry on killing monsters in the ruins of this world until some monster kills me. That is my fate, my reason, my life and my attitude to the world. And it is not what I chose. It was chosen for me.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Artists are the flowers of our world. The best ones are those who can stand out from the crowd by becoming a memorable flower — one that moves us, inspires us, and makes us think hard. A flower with no smell to it is just something to look at. A flower that emits a beautiful fragrance is the one we want in our homes and on our walls. Your mission as an artist, is to become the best-smelling flower in the world, so that when the day finally comes when you are plucked from the ground, the world will cry for the loss of your mind-stimulating fragrance. Be different. Be original. Nobody will remember a specific flower in garden loaded with thousands of the same yellow flower, but they will remember the one that managed to change its color to purple.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|They say that wisdom comes from suffering. This is not true. Wisdom comes from having unconditional empathy for all mankind. Any man filled with empathy is capable of gaining valuable insights on the human condition through the suffering of others. You do not need to suffer to know suffering, but you need empathy first to identify and feel the suffering of others around you. If you do not feel love for all mankind, nor see everyone around you as a valuable human and an extension of yourself, then you will never feel real empathy.
Biju Karakkonam Nature and Wild life Photographer|I want to fly like a butterfly around this beautiful world, till the last frame of my life and the last click of my heart.
Jonathan Harnisch, Jonathan Harnisch: An Alibiography|Pessimists try to convince you the world sucks, optimists already know it does and smile anyway.
Georgia Douglas Johnson|Your world is as big as you make it.I know, for I used to abideIn the narrowest nest in a corner,My wings pressing close to my side.
Albert Camus|In order to exist just once in the world, it is necessary never again to exist.
Sunday Adelaja|Do you notice the abused of your society? Take a decision, make plans, strategize, to begin to proclaim and establish justice in your world.
Sunday Adelaja|When men and women who God has created to make a difference in the world, abandon the mandate for their lives and instead, begin to pursue all nonentities of life, God cannot but be frustrated
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|This human body is the perpetual home of God’, what does it mean? Where God is visualized – this body, not anywhere. So this human body is the perpetual home of God. What is happening for this reason? This human body is infinite and the world is also infinite.
Sunday Adelaja|If the teachings of the early Christians changed Rome and the entire Roman Empire, we can’t point to any great change that the teachings coming from our pulpits today are producing upon our world in general
René Guénon, The Crisis of the Modern World|Those who might be tempted to give way to despair should realize that nothing accomplished in this order can ever be lost, that confusion, error and darkness can win the day only apparently and in a purely ephemeral way, that all partial and transitory disequilibrium must perforce contribute towards the greater equilibrium of the whole, and that nothing can ultimately prevail against the power of truth.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If we people become more helpful to others, there will be much less tragedy in the world!
Al Álvarez, The Savage God: A Study of Suicide|Suicide creates his own society: to shut yourself off from other people in some dingy, rented box and stare, like Melville's Bartleby, day in and day out at the dead wall outside your window is in itself a rejection of the world which is said to be rejecting you. It is a way of saying, like Bartleby, 'I prefer not to' to every offer and every possibility, which is a condition no amount of social engineering will cure.
Soroosh Shahrivar, The Rise of Shams|You are most beautiful in your purest form. You are a manifestation of God himself. Open your eyes and let the light flow right through to your core. All it takes is for you to notice a flicker of leaves, a momentary glance from a loved one, or for a wave to hit your toes and freeze you in that timeless place where you know with every cell in your body that God, indeed is real.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Don't worry, keep at it, you will soon shock the world
Kazim Ali, Our Deep Gossip: Conversations with Gay Writers on Poetry and Desire|The whole world, as we’re coming to understand, is quivering in its place.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|If that’s the price of getting together, then I’ll be damned if I want to live on the same earth with any human beings! If the rest of them can survive only by destroying us, then why should we wish them to survive? Nothing can make self-immolation proper. Nothing can give them the right to turn men into sacrificial animals. Nothing can make it moral to destroy the best. One can’t be punished for being good. One can’t be penalized for ability. If that is right, then we’d better start slaughtering one another, because there isn’t any right at all in the world!
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Such was the code that the world had accepted and such was the key to the code: that it hooked man’s love of existence to a circuit of torture, so that only the man who had nothing to offer would have nothing to fear, so that the virtues which made life possible and the values which gave it meaning became the agents of its destruction, so that one’s best became the tool of one’s agony, and man’s life on earth became impractical.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice. If he abdicates his power, he abdicates the status of man, and the grinding chaos of the irrational is what he achieves as his sphere of existence—by his own choice.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Once we experience divine guidance, we begin to make changes within ourselves, mentally, physically, and spiritually. We are no longer lost in the world, we can finally see. No longer blinded by the enemy.
Steven Magee, Solar Radiation, Global Warming and Human Disease|Trees are affected by many factors. Global warming is changing rainfall, humidity, air composition, solar radiation, heating and cooling. Plants are sensitive to any of these factors. When all of the factors start to change at once, it may lead to devastation in the plant world.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|Within my palm there is a world, a world as delicate as a bubble!
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Señor d.‘Anconia, what do you think is going to happen to the world?”“Just exactly what it deserves.”“Oh, how cruel!”“Don’t you believe in the operation of the moral law, madame?” Francisco asked gravely. “I do.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|..each remembered other moments, on a sleepless night, on an afternoon of steady rain, in a church, in an empty street at sunset, when each had wondered why there was so much suffering and ugliness in the world. They had not tried to find the answer and they had gone on living as if no answer were necessary. But each had known a moment when, in lonely, naked honesty, he had felt the need of an answer.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In a simple street you can find the whole world: You can find joy and sorrow; you can find good and evil, silence and noise; you can find all the comedies and all the tragedies! An ordinary simple street is the mirror of the whole world!
Lou Berney, The Long and Faraway Gone|That’s the problem with the world,” he said. “You save it today, and tomorrow it’s gone and gotten itself into trouble all over again. It’s like a Kardashian.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|A little deed done very well is better than a mighty plan kept on paper, undone. Wishes don't change the world; it's actions that do this business!
Ted Hughes, Collected Poems|Even the most misfitting childWho's chanced upon the library's worth,Sits with the genius of the EarthAnd turns the key to the whole world.--"Hear It Again
Andrew Kaufman, Born Weird|Are you sad?" Nicola asked. Richard turned in the chair. The scissors became motionless."Yes. I am sad. I'm sad most of the time.""Does it bother you?""It never used to. But now it does. Very much.""It's because the world disappoints you," Nicola said. She set down hers scissors. "It continually fails to surprise you. It fails to be as wonderful as you long for it to be. This is where your sadness comes from.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|In this sinful world, there is no such thing as enjoying life; not in a world where everybody is happily having a bubble bath of sin. John 14
Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder|To stomp about the world ignoring cultural differences is arrogant, to be sure, but perhaps there is another kind of arrogance in the presumption that we may ever really build a faultless bridge from one shore to another, or even know where the mist has ceded to landfall.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The moment you are wrapped up in the world, you become blind to the things wrapped in the mysteries.
Natalya Vorobyova|An eye for an eye will only make the world bright. Sorry, Mahatma. This is the absolute and only true form of justice.
Steven Magee, Health Forensics|With approximately 50% of the USA population on prescription drugs and 10% on anti-depressants, it is clear that things are going seriously wrong with human health in the modern world.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Nobody does nothing. Everybody does something, sometimes nothing is something in the idle man's world.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|This world owes us nothing. Existence is not indebted to us. Humanity lives under this misconception that we deserve life’s blessings, that we deserve happiness. But in truth, life owes us nothing
Sunday Adelaja|By becoming the embodiment of His will, we make God real in the world
Stefan Emunds|God Father (the Creator) geometrizes, God Mother (Nature) fractalizes.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 2 (Read Chapter One)): Astounding Biblical Mysteries revealed in his own words like never before in human history.|If you have Jesus Christ, then you are no longer a slave to the forces of this sinful world; you are untouchable and unstoppable.Romans 8:15
Beth Revis, Shades of Earth|And I know what I told my father was true: let us taste the world, and we’ll do whatever it takes to shape it into our home.
Edward O. Sisson|A certain bygone philosophy-which certainly must have quite forgotten all about the real child-used to speak of the child's nature as a tabula rasa, or 'blank page,' upon which experience and training might write what they pleased. As a matter of fact, the child's nature at birth, like that of a calf or a chick, is pretty well scribbled over by the experience of its ancestors. It is far from being blank, for as soon as the little organism comes into the world, it begins to do certain things and do them with much zeal and determination, as every one knows who knows real children.
Jessica Khoury, Vitro|It's a limitless new world, and we are only just beginning to explore it.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|The answer must be, I think, that the beauty and grace are performed whether or not we will or sense them. The least we can do is try to be there.
Steven Magee, Curing Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity|Like many people who became sick, I found that researching man-made radiation immersed me into a corporate world of lie, confuse and deny.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Stand up to hypocrisy. If you don't, the hypocrites will teach. Stand up to ignorance, because if you don't, the ignorant will run free to spread ignorance like a disease. Stand up for truth. If you don't, then there is no truth to your existence. If you don't stand up for all that is right, then understand that you are part of the reason why there is so much wrong in the world.
Anna Banks, Joyride|I like the idea of feeling small. Sometimes life can seem bigger than you, you know? But knowing you're less than a speck in the whole scheme of things takes the pressure off, sort of.
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|I fought for you, I fought for usI fought for the memories and the laughter that came upon us,Now here we are, we have become unknown people to each other,Worlds apart in an instant, for what once was is now goneSo tell me what your secret is to letting go like you did.
Munia Khan|We live in a world where a hut made of clay is more durable than brick buildings, because poverty doesn't allow it to be reconstructed.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Even if there are moments during the day when all seems normal and when every action of your own and of those around you seems to be unremarkable, the appearance of ordinariness is an illusion, and just below the placid surface, the world is seething.
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|I think can sit here for hours,Arguing with the world as to why I can't give up,Tell everyone around me what a blessing you are,Laugh at all the times that you've brought sun into my life,I can tell everyone how passionate you are and how much you bring into this world,But right now I'm sitting here for hours,Trying to keep myself together because I'm trying to figure out how to tell the world that the man I love,Is the reason why I'm so broken.
Armistead Maupin|How could I possibly NOT be disappointed by what I would find? Nothing had ever met my expectation, since nothing could compete with my doctoring imagination, my pathetic compulsion to make the world quanter, funnier, kinder, and more mysterious than it actually was.
Patricia Cornwell, Dust|Let's be honest, the world's always been a scary place with very little charm." I try to brush it off as I've brushed off the flu, as I brushed off the death of my father when I was young, as I've brushed off so much since Benton has known me.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings With Jesus Christ 2: Preparing for God's Paradise|It is no secret that the world hates Christianity; but when the world runs out of options, they desperately look for God.
Caleb Crain, Necessary Errors|But what are they?” Annie asked.“An omphalos, probably,” said Jacob.“A what, dear?” Melinda asked.“A bellybutton of the world.”“I didn’t know it had one.
Susan Sontag|Love words, agonize over sentences. And pay attention to the world.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|I cannot explain love. I could not tell you if I loved you the first moment I saw you, or if it was the second or third or fourth. But I remember the first moment I looked at you walking toward me and realized that somehow the rest of the world seemed to vanish when I was with you. That you were the center of everything I did and felt and thought.
Danielle Valenilla, Fun Dip & Other Misfortunes|One day the world will be so badly wounded that those who try to repair it will only be called "close-minded.
Sanhita Baruah|It doesn't seem like you're living a life, it's almost like you're travelling on a train with the destination unknown.You're sitting on a seat near the window looking outside, imagining how things are there outside, how is it like to live in the houses that you pass by. And when you’re busy noticing the outside, you at times do not pay heed to your surroundings inside the coach.And thus some passengers who got down at a station midway fail to capture your interest, or maybe it is because of your deviation of interest towards the outside. While at other stops new people get up, and you like their company, you share and you laugh.But sooner or later they get down.Because it's your journey, you're the traveler and they just accompany you for some distances.And then, maybe when you reach your destination there will still be passengers in the train, passengers you've mingled with or passengers you hate, people who were there since the train had started or people who got in just before the last stoppage, and like it or not, they will get off the train with you, at your destination which also proved to be there destination.
S.J. Watson|I want to sleep. To find a safe place somewhere, and close my eyes, and rest, like an animal. That is what I am. An animal. Living from moment to moment, day to day, trying to make sense of the world in which I find myself.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Too many are sorry where they should be assertive, and nearly moved to aggressive radical action, where they should be apologizing to themselves first, and then the world at large.
Sophie Hannah, The Orphan Choir|If you only have one world, one life, then however brilliant it is most of the time, you have nowhere to run when you need to escape from it for a while.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Slow Regard of Silent Things|It exhasperated her, but she knew better than to force the world to her desire.
Shannon L. Alder|We are not at the bargaining table in agreement to end abuse to our world. We are on the battlefield deciding everyday if we will let this world die or live, by how we contribute to its treatment.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|If Jesus has to do it all over again, there will be more people shouting "Crucify him".You are not here to make the world a better place. Mark 15:13
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want to give a message to the world, let it be simple, as simple as the life of a shepherd!
Akilnathan Logeswaran|The more people I am able to help, the more people are willing to help others. The more followers we have, the closer we are to a perfect world.
Marcela Re Ribeiro, Welcome to My Heart|The worst form of inequality, is the inequality of ideals A people united by the same ideal, irrespective of religion, social status, race, political preference or sexual, would have the strength to fight for a fairer country.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without mathematics, your world becomes foggy! For a clear vision, you need to be educated in the Temple of Mathematics!
Czesław Miłosz, The Separate Notebooks|The bright side of the planet moves toward darknessAnd the cities are falling asleep, each in its hour,And for me, now as then, it is too much.There is too much world.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|Truthfully, there're only a handful of people in this world who really get joy from seeing you happy. Most won't care if you’re happy, only if you're miserable like they are. They eat that shit up.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Before you live, love. Before you expire, inspire. Let your love be an inspiration to someone to also love another and together we build up a happy world!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|You were created, fashioned and designed in a special form to leave in the world something that did not exist before you were born!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|The more you offer yourself to make life better for someone, the more you empty yourself of the load of destiny you carry into the world. Serve till you empty all.
Michael Hogan|The measure of a country’s prosperity should not be how many poor people drive cars, but how many affluent people use public transportation.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 3: Revealing the End of the Age|If the world loves you, question your relationship with Jesus Christ. John 15:18-25.
Isaac Marion|What is left of us? … No countries, no cultures, no wars but still no peace. What’s at our core, then? What’s still squirming in our bones when everything else is stripped?
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Leaders are good messengers; they take the message from God and share it with others in the world. Jesus is a true example; He said “Here I am, send me Lord”!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|You empower ignorance if you as teacher hide yourself among the students because you know less and give less... Don’t hide your identity, make it a reality!
Alice B. Emerson|In spite of the surprises and anxieties and responsibilities of living, this was rather a nice world.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Beware of your gifts; they may appear as tiny as seeds but at the end, they’ll gain roots to bear fruits to feed the world if only you will desire to water them regularly!
Sanhita Baruah|I, sometimes, fear that probably I'll just keep changing cities, and may be someday I'll also travel the world, but never find another soul who thinks exactly the way I do.
Margaret Atwood, The Robber Bride|They didn't realize that her clumsiness was not the ordinary kind, not poor coordination. It was just because she wasn't sure where the edges of her body ended and the rest of the world began.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|In her eyes was the reflection of everything that mattered: old diners with neon signs, vinyl records, celluloid film, drive-in movies, Pears soap, department stores, her brother’s old blue Camaro car and the smell of coal dust in the rainy sky of a summer lightning storm.…And all the nice bright colors of the past that she thought were gone for good came flowing back into her life like a wave of nostalgia flooding over her, reds, yellows, blues and greens drenching her gray memories in psychedelic ribbons and glittering fireworks.…She hoped that the world would always hold those miniscule yet beautiful, deep and mysterious traces of memory.
Lorraine Hansberry, A Raisin in the Sun|Child, when do you think is the time to love somebody the most? When he’s done good and made things easy for everybody? That ain’t the time at all. It’s when he’s at his lowest……and he can’t believe in himself because the world’s whipped him so!
Tim Crawshaw|The world put's too much emphasis on what a person does in terms of monetary value and social status as opposed to who they are. If I was to ask you if you would be loved for who you are or what you do (eg. your occupation), I would guess that you would say who you are. Things are the wrong way around unless you follow Jesus.God cares about who we are primarily, not what we do. It is our character and approach to life that he cares about. God wants us to choose him and put him first which ultimately means being a servant to him and others.
Tim Crawshaw, So, You Want to Be Rich... But Jesus Doesn't.|Sometimes we can't see the relevance of Jesus Christ until we become dissatisfied with the world and realise that there must be more to life than working 9 to 5, buying and accumulating expensive 'things'and being attractive to members of the opposite sex.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Oh, I’m Chrissy Mackenzie, I’m from Vancouver but I came here to study environmental journalism,” the girl exclaimed with way too much enthusiasm. “You got any advice?”“Search me,” Mandy muttered, spooning another ice cube from the empty glass on the table in front of her. “I like pollution, I write in favor of it, and environmental journalism most often implies that it’s in favor of all that “go green” hippie crap.” “Oh, well….” Chrissy seemed taken aback, offended, and Mandy sighed a fourth time. “Damn it, I’m really sorry,” she apologized, smiling dismally at the aspiring writer. “It’s just been a really lousy day for me and I wasn’t really thinking. My advice? Find your own cause to represent, not one thrown out into society by a ton of environmentalist dopes. Find something new, something you think could be improved, and work from there.” Chrissy smiled with a look of total ecstasy as if the words of some nobody woman were important. Mandy momentarily noticed the groups of laughing, drunk, giggling people, all acting childish… and for a moment she wished she could be them.
Megha Khare, Write like no one is reading 2|Why we love with close heartsWhy we love with souls apart Let the love flow from hearts to souls, Let the world glow
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza, Cardinal virtues collection of stories on Jaime L. Cardinal Sin|Today, you can pick your own news. At no time has the world been this compatible with apathy.
Debasish Mridha|Close your eyes. Now see the world, not with your vision but with your feelings and passion.
Stephen King, Revival|Paths cross all the time in this world of our, sometimes in the strangest places.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the history of the world, we have left our footprints by our unique stories.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 2: Astounding Biblical Mysteries Revealed in His Own Words Like Never Before in Human History|If God offers the world for sale, how much will you pay for it? What is the price of your own destruction?
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude #1|It's immeasurably easier to live in a world that's all surfaces, that means nothing and demands nothing of you.
Hunter S. Thompson|It was almost May. I knew that New York was getting warm now, that London was wet, that Rome was hot -- and I was on Vieques, where it was always hot and where New York and London and Rome were just names on a map.
Swami Dhyan Giten|When I speak about Jesus Christ, I do not speak about Christianity. Christianity has basically nothing to do with Jesus. The spirit of Christ can not be organized. Then it will not liberate you.Christ is the very essence of religion. Christ is the culmination of all human aspirations. In Christ all the aspirations of humanity are fulfilled.Christ celebrates life, he loves life, he is a song and a dance. He is also transcendental. When you come closer to him, you will find that his inner being is transcendence. You will meet the unknown, where the world disappears and God appears. You can trust him, because he is like you. He is part of your suffering, pain and sorrow, but he is also transcendental. That is why Jesus became a mile stone in the history of human consciousness. Jesus lived and loved with truth and grace. Jesus being was truth and grace. Whenever truth is there, grace is there. And whenever grace is there, truth is there. To come closer to Jesus, you have to find your own inner being, the kingdom of God. That is the whole message of Jesus. Then you will find that God is eternal. God is the whole existence. His creativity is eternal. God is creativity. God is not a person. God is existence, being. God is the energy that underlies all life, which is in the stones, in birds, in animals, in human beings and in the stars.
Lauren Beukes, Broken Monsters|The dream knows what they are waiting for, even if they don’t themselves.The end of everything.The moment when it reveals its miracle boy and all the eyes will look and their seeing will be horror and glory and wonder and it will pierce the skin of the world, collapse dimensions, and open the doors and the work will breathe and dance in his shoes and the dream will be able to escape.
Allan Rufus, The Master's Sacred Knowledge|Love is magical, it changes and brightens up your world!
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|It's a world of sorrow, Oddie, because we make it so.
Surgeo Bell|Fellas stop being blinded by the big asses and cute faces. Some men are so concern in having a “bad bitch” where they end up broke, and miserable Becuz their busy trying to impress a bad bitch. A bad bitch will cheat on you a REAL WOMAN gone hold it down take care of her own and chase her goals an educated, strong woman, she’s not concerned about how much money you have although you should be on your shit yourself. STOP GOING FOR A WOMAN THAT ONLY JOB SHE HAS IS WAKING UP TO LOOK GOOD AND POST HER ASS ON SOCIAL MEDIA AND THEN GOING BACK TO SLEEP!
Surgeo Bell|WATCH out for your surroundings, UPGRADE your mindset and keep FOCUS.
Li Bai|There is another world, other than/ this one we choose to live in.
Jane Smiley, The Greenlanders|Some folk learned the nature of God, that He was merciful, having spared a husband or some cattle, that He was strict, having meted out hard punishment for small sins, that He was attentive, having sent signs of the hunger beforehand, that He was just, having sent the hunger in the first place, or having sent the whales and the teeming reindeer in the end. Some folk learned that He was to be found in the world-in the richness of the grass and the pearly beauty of the Heavens, and others learned that He could not be found in the world, for the world is always wanting, and God is completion.
Sami Leino, Startup Africa: A must-read guide for curious minds and anyone aiming to do business in Africa|Europe is made of history,America of philosophy,Asia of prosperity,and Africa of opportunity.
Orson Scott Card|That's what Ender has to understand. There really is evil in the world, and wickedness, and every brand of stupidity. There's meanness and heartlessness and... I don't even know which of them is me." - Hyrum Graff
Surgeo Bell|Most men are blinded by the words "Bad Bitches" and end settling for less!
R. N. Prasher|Young children have no past. The old have no future. The rest are too busy with present. This time-tripod holds up the world. You ignore the importance of this interdependence of the three, the world as you know it is in danger of collapsing
Lindy Lewis|I don’t want to save the world, I just want to inspire it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Attitude gives your work a good finishing beauty. You may be successful in what you do, but when you are not humble enough, nobody may get time to stop by to see what you have to show the world!
Swaraj Priyadarshi|Feeling low is normal, or sometimes, healthy. A lot of great things this world has witnessed were kickstarted by men when they felt low.
Swaraj Priyadarshi|The world is moving at a slow pace. Each day I get up and I feel the world must have moved ahead far but, unfortunately, it remains at the same point each day.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|... "The world is afflicted with death and decay, therefore the wise do not grieve, knowing the terms of the world," says an old Buddhist teaching. In other words: Get used to it.
Dara Reidyr|Doubt everything except your conscience, even then test the waters, for much brainwashing has gone out into the world
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|I was running and deliberately lost my way. The world far off and nothing but my breath and the very next step and it’s like hypnosis. The feeling of conquering my own aliveness with no task but to keep going, making every way the right away and that’s a metaphor for everything.
Rebecca McNutt|How promising today's generation is. They can whip out their cellular phones like sheep, instantly take a million digital photos of their cat and then just delete them. But I'd like to see these kids try to artfully use a traditional film camera or make a super 8 home movie. Traditional film takes integrity, nostalgia, effort, patience and imagination - things that the 21st century has very little of. Everything these days, even a superior medium like film photography with an extensively vivid history and an iconic meaning, is becoming disposable in this age.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|Put a man in the wrong atmosphere and nothing will function as it should. He will seem unhealthy in every part. Put him back into his proper element and everything will blossom and look healthy. But if he is not in his right element, what then? Well, then he just has to make the best of appearing before the world as a cripple.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Saying of the ProphetDesireDesire not the world, and God will love you. Desire not what others have, and they will love you.
Dan Brown|Outside the window, a bank of clouds appeared on the horizon, inching slowly across the sky, finally slipping across the Moon and blocking out its radiant light. As he clicked off his overhead light, he turned his eyes one last time to the heavens. Outside, in the newly fallen darkness, the world had been transformed. The sky had become a glistening tapestry of stars.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|This world can be quite wonderful once you let yourself be a part of it. It’s on your side, you know?
Rainer Maria Rilke, New Poems|His vision, from the constantly passing bars, has grown so weary that it cannot hold anything else. It seems to him there are a thousand bars; and behind the bars, no world.
Jonathan Friesen, Both of Me|My world had become his, or his mine; it was hard to say
Tahereh Mafi|The Sun is an arrogant thing, always leaving the world behind when it tires of us. The Moon is a loyal companion. It never leaves. It's always there, watching, steadfast, knowing us in our light and dark moments, changing forever just as we do. Everyday it's a different version of itself. Sometimes weak and wan, sometimes strong and full of life. The Moon understands what it means to be human. Uncertain. Alone. Cratered by imperfections.
Henrietta C. Mears|There is no magic in small plans. When I consider my ministry, I think of the world. Anything less than that would not be worthy of Christ nor of His will for my life.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|Living in a monastery, even as a guest rather than a monk, you have more opportunities than you might have elsewhere to see the world as it is, instead of through the shadow that you cast upon it.
Breaking Benjamin|I don't wanna change the world,I just wanna leave it colder..Light the fuse and burn it up,Take the path that leads to nowhere..
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 3: Revealing the End of the Age|If the world loves you, then you should question your relationship with Jesus Christ.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The world seems to be witnessing a deluge of 'haterisms', and racist propaganda because evil's pain was born to die, and it's time of tyranny is near the end. Don't get caught up by the souls of wickedness; this ain't your fight. ~T.F. Hodge
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|As we drove, I imagined we were standing still and the world was coming toward us.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|Because in the end, we die. It’s like Chekhov observed in so many of his plays: ‘in two hundred years, no one will even know we were here.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Simple minded people do things like gossip, lie, spread rumors, and cause troubles. But, I know you're more intelligent.
Tom McCarthy, Satin Island|If people were to tell other people everything about themselves, we’d live in a dull world.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|She waves her arms at the world. "It's all just time filler until we die.
Elizabeth Gilbert, The Signature of All Things|I have never felt the need to invent a world beyond this world, for this world has always seemed large and beautiful enough for me. I have wondered why it is not large and beautiful enough for others.
Scott A. Butler, H2Zero: Part One|There’s no god, it’s the elements that control this world and everything on it.
Surgeo Bell|Here today, may be gone tomorrow! Never take anyone or nothing for granted! Be sure to count your blessing daily because tomorrow isn't promised.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|…Maybe I’ll be watching super-8 home videos,” Alecto told her, smiling bleakly. “I love my super-8 camera, it’s an Eastman Kodak one… Kodak stopped manufacturing them, the world went digital and now Kodak has stopped making Kodachrome film and all kinds of traditional film products… it’s sad.” “Well, uh… well, have fun watching your home movies then,” Mandy finished, but she didn’t have the slightest idea what he was talking about.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|Saint John, in a moment of confusion, tells us not to love the world because "all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life,is not of the Father, but is of the world." This injunction is at best a paradox. Our humble and astonishing inheritance is the world and only the world, whose existence we constantly test (and prove) by telling ourselves stories about it. The suspicion that we and the world are made in the image of something wonderfully and chaotically coherent far beyond our grasp, of which we are also part; the hope that our exploded cosmos and we, its stardust, have an ineffable meaning and method; the delight in retelling the old metaphor of the world as a book we read and in which we too are read; the conceit that what we can know of reality is an imagination made of language — all this finds its material manifestation in that self-portrait we call a library. And our love for it, and our lust to see more of it, and our pride in its accomplishments as we wander through shelves full of books that promise more and more delights, are among our happiest, most moving proofs of possessing, in spite of all the miseries and sorrows of this life, a more intimate, consolatory, perhaps redeeming faith in a method behind the madness than any jealous deity could wish upon us.
Kino no Tabi|The world is not beautiful: And that, in a way, lends it a sort of beauty.
Jeniffer Niven|Take over the school, take over the town, take over the worlds. It will be a world of compassion, of neighbor loving neighbor, of student loving student or at least treating one another with respect. No judgments. No name-calling. No more, no more, no more.
Anthony Liccione|The paper is my savior, the pen my blood, to words that shed my world.
Scott Hastie|Disparate energies come togetherThat have never been aligned before.And so bound,Is the world illuminated,Changed forever in an instant…
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|Why are these things permitted? What sins have we done? The morning service was over, I was walking through the roads to clear my brain for the afternoon, and then—fire, earthquake, death! As if it were Sodom and Gomorrah! All our work undone, all the work— What are these Martians? What are we? I answered, clearing my throat.
Jeniffer Niven|Take over the school, take over the town, take over the world. It will be a world of compassion, of neighbor loving neighbor, of student loving student or at least treating one another with respect. No judgments. No name-calling. No more, no more, no more.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|I think all - or the ones thet I've run into - tend to have a faintly tenuous relationship with the real world, because so much is going on on the inside. They may be geniuses but they often need someone to walk around holding a string. They're sort of balloons, bobbing around.
Dara Reidyr|To be a poet in today’s technological age means to be underrated and at times, ignored. In a world where the noise of industry reigns supreme, the poet’s voice is being drowned out, but it is a voice that is desperately needed. Our words ring out into the atmosphere and calls the masses back to their senses. We must seize this opportunity and remain true to our purpose in society. Ours is a most noble duty, here to represent the misunderstood and underrepresented, and one day, one person will heed the call of our words and the world will be set ablaze!
Gemma Malley, The Legacy|You are a leader. It is time to lead. You must inspire, you must plan, you must make the world a better place.
Srishti|Being yourself is an old myth, being fake in this world of cruelness is a new trick
Kino no Tabi|Kino: It's pretty interesting, isn't it?Hermes: What is?Kino: The way that when someone expresses something, someone else always shows up to interpret it. Maybe the world is just a series of such events.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Sometimes in life you find love so powerful that you get tunnel vision. You only see the one you love, the one you desire. No one or no thing gets in the way of what you feel. A love so strong which makes you feel invincible in this world. And, everywhere you go, all the people can see you glow.
Henry Johnson Jr|When the media is controlled by people who runs the world, you are only going to get news that they want you to know. They will paint anther's man country's hero a tyrant, a dictator or a murderer and favor the next just to divide and conquer the people.
Simone de Beauvoir|Being on the fringes of the world is not the best place for someone who intends to re-create it: here again, to go beyond the given, one must be deeply rooted in it. Personal accomplishments are almost impossible in human categories collectively kept in an inferior situation.
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|The world has nothing to offer me, no single shred of interest. I'm a woman trapped on a balcony, watching a passing parade, a blur of noise and motion that eventually turns to a single point on the horizon, a gutter full of trampled and muddy cups, and the sense of wasting an afternoon.
Criss Jami, Healology|Fame is an island, and right before the castaway, the getaway of being known without being known.
Criss Jami, Healology|The evangelist is the world's hopeless romantic, and just like a hopeless romantic, he must hope for the miracle of God more than the romance itself.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|When I see the moon on a clear night, I do say "blessed be" and I remind myself to be grateful to the universe that I happen to exist in such a lovely and wondrous world, even and especially as I can rattle on about magma cooling, abiogenesis, and natural selection.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Your skull encloses your brains. But never forget that anytime you open your mouth to talk, you have opened your mind for the entire world to see what is hidden in there!
Daniel J. Rice, The Unpeopled Season: Journal from a North Country Wilderness|I often wonder what happened to those few I spent my youth in battle beside, those select individuals whom I was drawn to simply by coincidence, whom I joined forces with against an unknown future and a world so large that we depended upon each other because none of us knew a damn thing, and we were all so wise.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You came to the earth with loads of inspirations and influence. Dare to offload them out of you before you die. Give out all you carry along into the world and when you are ready to go back, go empty handed!
Henry Johnson Jr|The height of humanity should give birth to greater good. We should be in desperation of "CHANGE" but not in spawning evil, because by doing so, humanity remains shackled.
Khadija Rupa|So every time I lose one of my shoes and my brother looks at me angrily thinking I’m trying to catch a prince with a lost shoe, or mistakenly cuts myself and the whole world around me thinks I’m trying to attract a vampire, I just laugh sounding like a complete stranger to them. And to everyone like them. I know I don’t need to be a Cinderella. Or an Isabella. I already own things, all things, every single thing, which I love and proudly dream to own. They're just not here…not in this world. And that definitely doesn’t mean, I lost them.
Alain de Botton, The News: A User's Manual|On account of its scale and complexity, the world will always outstrip the capacity of any single body to ask fertile questions of it.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|Day n night passing by,No tribute, we cannot deny,We did to world's problems so deep,Not a single sign, to take the leap.Senseless striving for some unknown glory,Too patiently awaiting time for our story.Still haven't spot that light,That make us seem calm n bright.How to ensure tis time-being,Is not in vain, but commencement of freeing.
Marieta Maglas, Near Kin: A Collection of Words and Art Inspired by Octavia Estelle Butler|Racism and violence were non-existent in this world, When people were aware to fight for identity'- Terzanelle for Octavia Estelle Butler, Poem by Marieta Maglas
Barry  Webster, The Lava in My Bones|In our lifetimes, we can only know a small portion of what exists. The world is endless and its treasures are inexhaustible.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|A hint of - dare I say? - animism has entered into the scientific worldview. The physical world is no longer either dead or passively obedient to the "laws.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Speak life. Let your voice be heard around the globe. Speak into existence prosperity, peace, love, happiness. Allow yours words to transcend throughout space and time.
Nouman Ali Khan|It is when things are at their worst that Allah will raise the best generation. The generation that the Prophet would be told Sahabat should look up to. So maybe the fact that you are living in the darkest of time means that Allah thinks you can be the strongest source of light.Allah thinks you -- you -- were born for this time. That's Allah's decision. Which means you have something significant to offer the world. You have some serious trees to plant. And you have to not get overwhelmed with the news around you. Even if dajjal is tapping you on the shoulders. Say (to Dajjal), "Hold on, I'm planting a tree". You do what you gotta do. You gotta focus.
Charlotte Eriksson|I think I’m learningthat sometimes the bravest thing is not to face the world,but to turn away from it.
Ben Lerner, 10:04|Since the world is ending,” Peter quoted from behind us, “why not let the children touch the paintings?
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|We are aberrations—beings born undead, neither one thing nor another, or two things at once … uncanny things that have nothing to do with the rest of creation, horrors that poison the world by sowing our madness everywhere we go, glutting daylight and darkness with incorporeal obscenities. From across an immeasurable divide, we brought the supernatural into all that is manifest. Like a faint haze it floats around us. We keep company with ghosts. Their graves are marked in our minds, and they will never be disinterred from the cemeteries of our remembrance. Our heartbeats are numbered, our steps counted. Even as we survive and reproduce, we know ourselves to be dying in a dark corner of infinity. Wherever we go, we know not what expects our arrival but only that it is there.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Let everyone sweep in front of his own door, and the whole world will be clean.
Nikki Rowe|the problem with the world, is, far too many people drain their energy into what is wrong with their life; instead of holding gratitude for what's right in their life.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|We are only chance visitants to this jungle of blind mutations. The natural world existed when we did not, and it will continue to exist long after we are gone. The supernatural crept into life only when the door of consciousness was opened in our heads. The moment we stepped through that door, we walked out on nature. Say what we will about it and deny it till we die--we are blighted by our knowing what is too much to know and too secret to tell one another if we are to stride along our streets, work at our jobs, and sleep in our beds. It is the knowledge of a race of beings that is only passing through this shoddy cosmos.
Anthony Liccione|We are all actors, set on the stage of the world, as the curtains open we put on our best performance to this audience of life.
Cormac McCarthy, Suttree|In my father's last letter he said that the world is run by those willing to take the responsibility for the running of it. If it is life that you feel you are missing I can tell you where to find it. In the law courts, in business, in government. There is nothing occurring in the streets. Nothing but a dumbshow composed of the helpless and the impotent.
David Livingstone Smith, Less Than Human: Why We Demean, Enslave, and Exterminate Others|Rather than looking for explanations for why all people deserve to be treated with compassion and respect, we ought to be working at creating a world in which people are treated with compassion and respect. Human rights aren’t lying around waiting to be discovered. They’re made, not found.
Travis J. Dahnke, Write like no one is reading|Seeing pictures of other places around the world makes me feel more important. Reminds me, even though life is short, there's so much to do.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Find your hidden talents, your hidden potentials, your hidden purposes and convert them into a better business for the benefit of the entire world.
Criss Jami, Healology|The last thing Scripture should do is make you blind in the world. Instead, you hear everything, see everything, and feel everything because everything just so happens to point right back to it.
Daniel Abraham|It's the problem in seeing too much of the world. In loving too much of it. You can only live in one place at a time. And eventually, you pick your spot, and the memories of all the others just become ghosts.
Auliq Ice|If this planet is to be transformed for the better, then we as individuals must first transform ourselves.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|If human pleasure did not have both a lid and a time limit, we would not bestir ourselves to do things that were not pleasurable, such as toiling for our subsistence. And then we would not survive. By the same token, should our mass mind ever become discontented with the restricted pleasures doled out by nature, as well as disgruntled over the lack of restrictions on pain, we would omit the mandates of survival from our lives out of a stratospherically acerbic indignation. And then we would not reproduce. As a species, we do not shout into the sky, “The pleasures of this world are not enough for us.” In fact, they are just enough to drive us on like oxen pulling a cart full of our calves, which in their turn will put on the yoke. As inordinately evolved beings, though, we can postulate that it will not always be this way. “A time will come,” we say to ourselves, “when we will unmake this world in which we are battered between long burden and brief delight, and will live in pleasure for all our days.” The belief in the possibility of long-lasting, high-flown pleasures is a deceptive but adaptive flimflam. It seems that nature did not make us to feel too good for too long, which would be no good for the survival of the species, but only to feel good enough for long enough to keep us from complaining that we do not feel good all the time.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|there is only this world, as it is now, and there has never been another, can never be any other.
Tessa Dare, Twice Tempted by a Rogue|There are all kinds of courage in the world, and most of it takes place far from battlefields.
Lisa Bedrick, Jesus, God and Us|Often times, the world looks at Christians and they are quick to criticize the ways we fall short. That is not God’s fault. That is each Christian’s fault, for not cultivating the fruit of the Spirit in their own soul. As Christians we all have a responsibility to ensure that we are always growing in our Christian walk, and that we are walking 'worthy of our calling,' as Paul says.
Hani.N|If the world needs to end on its own choice, it would have end by now.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|During the flames of controversy, opinions, mass disputes, conflict, and world news, sometimes the most precious, refreshing, peaceful words to hear amidst all the chaos are simply and humbly 'I don't know.
Nikki Rowe|To heal our world we must be silent; willing to listen to the roars of the wounded. We must teach eachother how to feel, only than can an entire nation grow in peace, as the war within will slowly diminish.
Debasish Mridha|The world will not get better, only we get and grow better.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|A responsible Warrior is not someone who takes the weight of the world on his shoulders, but someone who has learned to deal with the challenges of the moment.
Hussein Abdallah|The things that may change our world to make better; smiling, helping, respecting, loving & forgiving.
Debasish Mridha|You're looking for the light,ForgettingYou have an astonishing light,inside you,which can enlighten the whole world.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|The real world—where I probably could never be happy, and never get anywhere.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|Not a clue – and, no, I don’t touch drugs. The world’s unstable enough without scrambling your brain for kicks.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|But how can you walk away from something and still come back to it?""Easy," said the cat. "Think of somebody walking around the world. You start out walking away from something and end up coming back to it.""Small world," said Coraline."It's big enough for her," said the cat. "Spider's webs only have to be large enough to catch flies.
Kathryn Davis, Duplex|The world had edges but you couldn’t see them going, only when you were trying to come back.
Tad Williams, Otherland 1 - 4 Boxed Set|Sometimes people need reasons for things, even when there are no reasons. That's what makes people believe in conspiracies or religions - if there is any difference. The world is just too complicated, so they need simple explanations.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The sea in all its vastness is its own, real world. Man is nature's sci-fi.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|Maybe the real issue here is that we were not created to do life by ourselves. We were not given a sentence of solitary confinement and placed in a world of isolation, but from the moment we entered this human experience, it was clear there was a world waiting to be discovered, creatures which were there for our interaction. And the spark inside us often has to be spoken to, to be touched by the soul of another. It’s as if the spark is only visible through the lens of night vision, a set of goggles which only another human being can hand to us.
Paul Van Der Merwe|Money makes the world go round; however, happiness greases the axle. Without this lubricant, life will seize.
Sean Fairburn|In a world of increasing complexity, the simple man walks alone. Knowing his ways are not of the world. Refusing to complicate and confuse those things which he knows to be true. Love is that which he seeks. Fear he flings aside. To stand tall before his creator and know that he is blessed beyond measure.
Archive|Why are you so scared and creeping around,taking photographs all over town,pictures in the dark that live in the light,the world is my playground too and I’ll do what I like.
Carl William Brown, L'Italia in breve.|In Italy there are about 60 million people and we know howhigh is the percentage of morons on national soil. However, inChina there are about 1.4 billion people and in India almost 1.3billion. Therefore I wonder then, if more or less all the world isa small village, with how many morons should we have to cometo terms on the territory of this stupid planet. It's the same theworld over, or the world is the same wherever you go!
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|For many people around the world ethnicity is not a language, it is a religion.
W. Somerset Maugham|She had a pretty gift for quotation, which is a serviceable substitute for wit.
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|Shay sometimes talked in a mysterious way, like she was quoting the lyrics of some band no one else listened to.
Yana Toboso, Black Butler, Vol. 1|I like black for clothes, small items, and jewelry. It's a color that can't be violated by any other colors. A color that simply keeps being itself. A color that sinks more somberly than any other color, yet asserts itself more than all other colors. It's a passionate gallant color. Anything is wonderful if it transcends things rather than being halfway...
Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams|Sometimes you fight what you are, and sometimes you give in to it. And some nights you just don’t want to fight yourself anymore, so you pick someone else to fight.
Taylor Swift|Just because as human beings, what we can't have is what we reply in our head over and over again before we go to sleep.
C.S. Lewis, An Experiment in Criticism|In great literature, I become a thousand different men but still remain myself.
Veronica Roth|Sorry, am I being rude?" she asks."I'm used to saying whatever is on my mind. Mom used to say that politeness is deception in pretty packaging
Taylor Swift|If you’re the girl that needs a boyfriend, and once she loses that boyfriend needs to replace it with a different boyfriend, it’s just this constant stream of boyfriends all the time. I don’t feel like I ever want to be that girl. I want to be the girl that when she falls in love, it’s a big deal and it’s a rare thing.
Taylor Swift|Just being a human being, I’ve realized that before every big problem you create for yourself, before every huge mess you have to clean up, there was a crucial moment where you could’ve just said no.
Taylor Swift|There are no rules when it comes to love. I just try to let love surprise me because you never know who you’re going to fall in love with. You never know who’s going to come into your life – and for me, when I picture the person I want to end up with, I don’t think about what their career is, or what they look like. I picture the feeling I get when I’m with them.
Taylor Swift|If you think about human nature, our favourite pair of shoes are the ones we bought yesterday, our favourite thing is the newest thing that we have…and the thing we’ve seen the most and for the longest period of time is our reflection in the mirror, so obviously that’s going to be our least favourite thing.
Marilyn Manson|When you're taught to love everyone, to love your enemies, then what value does that place on love?
Jim Butcher, Turn Coat|Like “love,” “hope” is one of those ridiculously disproportional words that by all rights should be a lot longer.
Kristin Cast, Untamed|I don’t want any of this. I just want to be what I was before you showed up here and all hell broke loose. I want to be popular and dating the hottest guy in school. Now I’m none of those things, and I’m a human who has scary visions and don’t know what to do about any of it.
Claudia Gray, Stargazer|You’re going to tell me that last night shouldn’t have happened.”No. I’m glad it happened. For too long, I’ve been telling myself that I could spend all this time with yo and flirt with you and not have it mean anything. It does mean something. You mean something to me. But I’m not in love with you.
Tia Walker, The Inspired Caregiver: Finding Joy While Caring for Those You Love|Affirmations are our mental vitamins, providing the supplementary positive thoughts we need to balance the barrage of negative events and thoughts we experience daily.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|What will break me into a million pieces so that I am beyond repair, beyond usefulness?
Aleatha Romig, Convicted|Those who have trusted where they ought not,will surely mistrust where they ought not."-Marie von Ebnuer-Eschenbach
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|I thought he wanted it, anyway," I say. "Not like this," Haymitch says. "He wanted it to be real.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Book of Love: Poems of Ecstasy and Longing|The minute I heard my first love story, I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was.
Kami Garcia|I have been bent and broken, but—I hope—into a better shape.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|HARRY DRESDEN—WIZARD Lost Items Found. Paranormal Investigations. Consulting. Advice. Reasonable Rates. No Love Potions, Endless Purses, Parties, or Other Entertainment
George Gordon Byron|the poor dog, in life the firmest friend, the first to welcome, the foremost to defend.
Vanna Bonta, Degrees: Thought Capsules|People who worship only themselves get a slick, polished look -- like monuments. Too bad they had to go so soon.
Charles Bukowski, What Matters Most is How Well You Walk Through the Fire|all theorieslike clichesshot to hell,all these small faceslooking upbeautiful and believing;I wish to weepbut sorrow isstupid.I wish to believe but believe is agraveyard. we have narrowed it down tothe butcherknife and themockingbird wish usluck.
Ali Smith, Autumn|All across the country, people felt it was the wrong thing. All across the country, people felt it was the right thing. All across the country, people felt they'd really lost. All across the country, people felt they'd really won. All across the country, people felt they'd done the right thing and other people had done the wrong thing. All across the country, people looked up Google: what is EU? All across the country, people looked up Google: move to Scotland. All across the country, people looked up Google: Irish Passport Applications. All across the country, people called each other cunts. All across the country, people felt unsafe. All across the country, people were laughing their heads off. All across the country, people felt legitimised. All across the country, people felt bereaved and shocked. All across the country, people felt righteous. All across the country, people felt sick. All across the country, people felt history at their shoulder. All across the country, people felt history meant nothing. All across the country, people felt like they counted for nothing. All across the country, people had pinned their hopes on it. All across the country, people waved flags in the rain. All across the country, people drew swastika graffiti. All across the country, people threatened other people. All across the country, people told people to leave. All across the country, the media was insane. All across the country, politicians lied. All across the country, politicians fell apart. All across the country, politicians vanished...
Joan Rivers|I have become my own version of an optimist. If I can't makeit through one door, I'll go through another door -- or I'llmake a door. Something terrific will come no matter how darkthe present.
Samuel Johnson|Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings." Samuel Johnson 
Ana Monnar|For most people life is not a fairy tale, it is an adventure.
James Kidd|I am a pisces, a fish out of water, searching for a way back home.
Paolo Bacigalupi, Ship Breaker|I'm a chess piece. A pawn,' she said. 'I can be sacrificed, but I cannot be captured. To be captured would be the end of the game.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|Nothing makes me happy quite like a boatload of freshly fried fast food, smothered in good old MSG.
Roman Payne|Sexual frenzy is our compensation for the tedious moments we must suffer in the passage of life. 'Nothing in excess,' professed the ancient Greeks. Why if I spend half the month in healthy scholarship and pleasant sleep, shouldn't I be allowed the other half to howl at the moon and pillage the groins of Europe's great beauties?
Lisa Shearin, Armed & Magical|I just had his hand in a vise,” I protested indignantly. “It wasn’t like I had a dagger in his ribs. ‘Hand in a vise’ is simple assault or, in my case, self-defense. ‘Dagger in the ribs’ is attempted murder. My family did teach me the difference.
Lisa Shearin, Armed & Magical|Mychael said the rock’s not affecting you, and from what I’m seeing I’m inclined to agree.”“I beg to differ.”“Feeling evil?” Justinius asked.“No.”“Having an urge to overthrow governments, kill thousands?”“No and no.”“Take over the world?”“Too much work.
Antonio Porchia, Voices|He who does not know how to believe, should not know.
Lily Tomlin|Just remember, we're all in this alone.
Lisa Shearin, Magic Lost, Trouble Found|Mychael Eiliesor. Guardian paladin, sacred protector, master spellsinger, fashion consultant.
Cedric Nye, Jango's Anthem|The nurse snorted, and said. “All men are pigs.” “Not all men.” Jango said. “Some of the men are zombies.
Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|I was wrong when I said that I did not regret the past. I do regret it; I weep for the past love which can never return. Who is to blame, I do not know. Love remains, but not the old love; its place remains, but it is all wasted away and has lost all strength and substance; recollections are still left, and gratitude; but...
Suzanne Collins|I search his eyes for the slightest sign of anything, fear, remorse, anger. But there's only the same look of amusement that ended our last conversation. It's as if he's speaking the words again. "Oh, my dear Miss Everdeen. I thought we had agreed not to lie to each other."He's right. We did.The point of my arrow shifts upward. I release the string. And President Coin collapses over the side of the balcony and plunges to the ground. Dead.
Osho|The Truth Is That Existence Wants Your Life To Become A Festival Because When You Are Unhappy, You Also Throw Unhappiness All Around.
Suzanne Collins|I am Cinna's bird, ignited, flying frantically to escape something inescapable. The feathers of flame that grow from my body. Beating my wings only fans the blaze. I consume myself, but to no end.Finally, my wings begin to falter, I lose height, and gravity pulls me into a foamy sea the color of Finnick's eyes. I float on my back, which continues to burn beneath the water, but the agony quiets to pain. When I am adrift and unable to navigate, that's when they come. The dead.The ones I loved fly as birds in the open sky above me. Soaring, weaving, calling to me to join them. I want so badly to follow them, but the seawater saturates my wings, making it impossible to lift them. The ones I hated have taken to the water, horrible scaled things that tear my salty flesh with needle teeth. Biting again and again. Dragging me beneath the surface.The small white bird tinged in pink dives down, buries her claws in my chest, and tries to keep me afloat."No, Katniss! No! You can't go!"But the ones I hated are winning, and if she clings to me, she'll be lost as well. "Prim, let go!" And finally she does.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Kiss|Nothing's ever gone. We fool ourselves that things fade, but they never do.
James Patterson, The Final Warning|Nope, you stick out like a fart in a church.
Suzanne Collins|I think about going to the lake, but I'm so weak that I barely make it to mymeeting place with Gale. I sit on the rock where Cressida filmed us, but it's too wide without his body beside me.Several times I close my eyes and count to ten, thinking that when I open them, he will have materialized without a sound as he so often did. I have to remind myself that Gale's in 2 with a fancy job, probably kissing another pairof lips.
Paul Rand|Design is the method of putting form and content together. Design, just as art, has multiple definitions, there is no single definition. Design can be art. Design can be aesthetics. Design is so simple, that’s why it is so complicated.
John Christopher, Sweeney's Island|People may be persuaded that the machine is doing good. In fact, good is only capable of being done on a small scale. Evil is more versatile. You can hate those you have never seen, all the vast multitudes of them, but you can only love those you know — and that with difficulty.
Isa Zapata|The more you believe in yourself, the more the world believes in you!
Jon Ronson, The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry|The days that followed passed slowly. I lay in my hotel room and watched the kind of strange European TV that would probably make perfect sense if I understood the language, but because I didn’t, the programs just seemed dreamlike and baffling. In one studio show a group of Scandinavian academics watched as one of them poured liquid plastic into a bucket of cold water. It solidified, they pulled it out, handed it around the circle, and, as far as I could tell, intellectualized on its random misshapenness. I phoned home but my wife didn’t answer. It crossed my mind that she might be dead. I panicked. Then it turned out that she wasn’t dead. She had just been at the shops.
Kristen Simmons, Breaking Point|I hated the distance between us. It left me unsettled, unbalanced. Like the good parts of myself were fading.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Esteem him! Like him! Cold-hearted Elinor! Oh! worse than cold-hearted! Ashamed of being otherwise. Use those words again, and I will leave the room this moment.
Ana Monnar, Relax: New and Selected Poems|Saturday is a day for the spa. RELAX, indulge, enjoy, and love yourself, too.
Laura S. Al Bast|Brush strokes write poetry harmonized through the cords of an artist's imagination.Color, contrast, simple compassion splattered across paper leaves tainted with the melody of the silent wind.Gasping, grasping, simply glancing at the souls of those who were not blessed with the visionary sight of inspirational artistry.
Gabriel Madison|If you tell a person about paradise,It becomes a dream.If you show a person paradise,It becomes a goal!
Rochelle Carr|Adventure lies not in the places we seek, but in the moments we create in the places we treasure.
Saleem Durrani|We all can't be Rich, but we can be civilized human beings to each other.
Donald J. Trump|It's a blip, not a catastrophe.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|No mortal man could frighten him, no more than the darkness could, nor the bones of his soul, the grey and grisly bones of his soul.
Bob Dylan|It takes a lot to laugh, it takes a train to cry
Laura Bush|Libraries offer, for free, the wisdom of the ages--and sages--and, simply put, there's something for everyone inside.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|I was also one of those people who hadn’t caught up with the latest social networking site. Maura belonged to most of them. She passed most evenings befriending men who had tried to date-rape her in high school, but I was still stuck in the last virtual community, a sad place to be, like Europe, say, during the Black Death. Whenever I cruised this site, with its favorites lists and its paeans to somebody’s cousin’s gas station art gallery, I could not help but think of medieval corpses in the spring-thaw mud, buboes sprouted in every armpit and anus, black bile curling out of frozen mouths. Those of us still cursed with life wandered the blasted dales of this stricken network, wept and moaned and flogged ourselves with frayed AC adaptors, called out for God to strike us dead, or else let us find somebody who liked similar bands.
Betty Dravis, The Toonies Invade Silicon Valley|If valleys are the dimples on the face of the earth, as Steven King once said, then Silicon Valley is the deepest, most sparkling dimple of them all.
Alexander Pope|If it be the chief point of friendship to comply with a friend's notions and inclinations he possesses this is an eminent degree; he lies down when I sit, and walks when I walk, which is more that many good friends can pretend to do.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|They weren’t like dolls, because dolls had no feelings. Kids had feelings, just not any remotely related to yours.
Philip Chen, Falling Star|If doesn't kill you outright, it just puts you into intensive care for months.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|Little as she was addicted to solitude, there had come to be moments when it seemed a welcome escape from the empty noises of her life.
Ben Counter|We do not know what our chances of survival are, so we fight as if they were zero. We do not know what we are facing, so we fight as if it was the dark gods themselves. No one will remember us now and we may never be buried beneath Titan, so we will build our own memorial here. The Chapter might lose us and the Imperium might never know we existed, but the Enemy — the Enemy will know. The Enemy will remember. We will hurt it so badly that it will never forget us until the stars burn out and the Emperor vanquishes it at the end of time. When Chaos is dying, its last thought will be of us. That is our memorial — carved into the heart of Chaos. We cannot lose, Grey Knights. We have already won." ~Justicar Alaric
David Leavitt|When one writer tries to silence another, he silences every writer-and in the end he also silences himself.
Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker|Crotch biting menace:I have my mouth in close proximity to your genitals.Oh thou man who talks to my mistress over coffee.Do not irk or trifle with me! I possess but one tooth, oh, yes, for the rest were buried long ago in the flesh of sinners.Behold my jaws, upper and lower in righteous, symmetrical poverty.Move not, man of clocks, and heed my mistress, for she cherishes me, even in my foul old age.
Norman Mailer, An American Dream|I heard from clear across the city, over the Hudson in the Jersey yards, one fierce whistle of a locomotive which took me to a train late at night hurling through the middle of the West, its iron shriek blighting the darkness. One hundred years before, some first trains had torn through the prairie and their warning had congealed the nerve. "Beware," said the sound. "Freeze in your route. Behind this machine comes a century of maniacs and a heat which looks to consume the earth." What a rustling those first animals must have known.
Hui Hai, Zen Teaching of Instantaneous Awakening|Your Treasure House is in yourself, it contains all you need
Jarius Raphel|True ninjas are always outnumbered, because they are individuals.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|When I write, I feel like an armless leg less man with a crayon in his mouth.
Jonathan Franzen|If you choose to spend an hour every day tinkering with your Facebook profile, or if you don’t see any difference between reading Jane Austen on a Kindle and reading her on a printed page, or if you think Grand Theft Auto IV is the greatest Gesamtkunstwerk since Wagner, I’m very happy for you, as long as you keep it to yourself.
Shaun Messick|Almost two hundred sixty-six years ago on my home world, Earth, my forefathers did the same thing. They declared their independence and free agency from an enemy that oppressed them. No one at that time expected this rebellion force to win the war. They were severely outnumbered, and they were extremely inexperienced compared to their enemy. Despite those odds, they succeeded in winning the war, giving them their independence and freewill to choose. (Adrian Palmer, Worlds Without End: The Mission)
Glen McDiarmid|The best advice you can give anyone consists of one word only, given at precisely the right moment.
Nikki Rowe|Some days I like to wander to old and warn our places, forests ripped apart by man and streams that carry stagnant water where it use to flow. There is a sense of clarity in these places, a reflection of who I am or atleast who I have been. Broken, yet still incredibly beautiful.
Ana Monnar|Let us see what tomorrow will bring us? Will it be joy and triumph, chaos and glory, love and growth, or victory and success?
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|You pay a whore to make you feel like a man, you fund a philharmonic to make yourself feel like a refined man.
Laurie Lee, As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning|God's codpiece, you're very kind
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|I felt as though I were snorting cocaine, or rappelling down a cliffside, or cliffsurfing off a cliff of pure cocaine.
Ana Monnar|Life Is, a Rose.
Ivana Hruba|I read this on the gates to a village cemetery: What you are, we used to be. What we are, you’re going to be. — It puts things in perspective, doesn’t it?
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|We’d been walking in endless rectangles and now we were near the candy store again. The lights were out, the security gate down. We leaned up against the wall of a bank and I could feel the cool stone on my back, the billions of dollars thrumming through wires beneath and behind me, or on the night waves above. I wasn’t quite sure how they traveled. Or how much they got out anymore.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|Oh, do you, Milo? You’re so selfish. You don’t see the bigger picture.” “What’s the bigger picture?” “You’re still here looking for handouts. Who’s going to take care of me?” “I’m on my knees here, Mom. Not for me, for my family. For my wife. For a beautiful grandson you have totally ignored.” “He’s kind of a brat. I’ll be in his life when he gets a little impulse control.” “He’s not even four.” “I have needs. I’m tired of this child-worshipping culture. You’re just a slave to it, Milo.” “I’m only trying to be a decent dad.” “Don’t waste your time. It’s not in your genes. Besides, try making some money. That might be a good dad move. For heaven’s sake, the system’s rigged for white men and you still can’t tap in.” “You’re right, Mom. What can I say? But still, it would mean a lot to me if you made a little more of an effort with Bernie.” “Bernie schmernie. This is my decade.” “Okay, you wrinkled old spidercunt, have it your way.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|Yes,” said Cooley. “That is the question, as the Bard might say.” “The Bard?” “What’s so funny?” said Cooley. “Nothing, sir,” I said. “I just didn’t know people still used that term.” “Well, I’m a people, Burke. Am I not?” “Of course.” “If you prick me, do I not bleed, you scat-gobbling, mother-rimming prick?” Occasionally Dean Cooley reverted to a vocabulary more suited to his marine years, but some maintained it was only when he felt threatened, or stretched for time. “Yes, sir,” I said.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|Fuck,” said Bernie. “Fuckwinky eyeballhead.” “No, Bernie. We don’t use those words.” “Which words?” “You know which words.” “You used them, Daddy.” “I made a mistake. I am sorry I said that word. It isn’t helping with our problem.” “What’s our problem?” “There may be no school today.” “That’s okay,” said Bernie. “It’ll be okay.” We weren’t sure where he had picked up that becalming phrase, probably from us, as we tried to talk ourselves out of the awful lucidity certain days afforded. The whole mirthless dwindle of things would suddenly pull into focus, the crabbed, moneyless exhaustion that stood in for our lives, and Maura and I would both start the chatter, the cheap pep: It’s okay, it’s going to be okay, we’ll get through this. When Bernie repeated these bromides, he sounded seventy years old. It broke your heart, as did about forty-three percent of the things Bernie said and did. About twenty-seven percent of the things he said and did made you want to scream and banish him to his childproofed room, or do much more heinous and ingenious things, just so he’d get the point, whatever the point could be with an almost-four-year-old, but still, to bury him alive and then save him at the last minute, or tell him that the state had passed a law against ice cream and he would go to prison if he even thought about it, because they now had the technology to detect illegal mint-chocolate-chip cogitation, had, in fact, the chips for it, seemed, if not conducive to his development, at least on some level deserved. Thirty percent of what Bernie said and did was either on the bubble or else utterly inscrutable, just the jolts and stutters of a factory-fresh brain working out the kinks.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|So, yes, I should have just surrendered, cinched the entitled scion her little pouch of entitlements, put in my calls to the name shufflers, done my duty. I thought about that moment later on. Maybe I got extratuned to the concept of bitchhood once I became Purdy’s, though I must confess I’ve always found such usage of the term for female dogs distasteful. My mother was a second-wave feminist. I wasn’t comfortable saying “cunt” until I was twenty-three, at which point, admittedly, I couldn’t hold back for a time.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|She liked reality shows the best, and then the shows that purported to be about reality.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|You said you were having a dream.” “It’s true, I did.” “Was it the one where you’re inside the girl and you are pumping her and pumping her and you are so happy but then it turns out it’s not a girl, it’s really one of those super poisonous box jellyfish, and it stings you and you are screaming and screaming and the sky rains the diarrhea of babies?” “The . . . no, I don’t think so.” “I get that sometimes. Anyway, see you around.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|They sought each other, missed each other, at cocktail parties, in train terminals, at flower shops, their fin de siecle Nokias gaining symbolic power with each scene.
Kyoko M., Back to Black|Dying's a bitch, and I would know.
Holly Ducarte, Hiding Bones: The Best Poetry of Hiding Skeletons & Literary Bones|She senses your vulnerability, and reassures that every dream you’ve ever whispered in the night, or secret desires you dared not speak, are all within the palm of her hand
Vicki Perry, The Chat Room|My nine-month journey through this room I would describe as one of trauma, rage and deceit, all topped off with a splash of human bonding.
Vicki Perry, The Chat Room|As soon as her heart stopped beating, Brad collapsed to the floor beside her bed. His body had succumbed to the trauma and his heart stopped. He joined his wife, his true love on the other side. The chat room was shaken to its core.
Vicki Perry, The Chat Room|But I find it strange that her excitement over a new child in her life was so explosive, so vivid and yet there is nothing in terms of photos shared and the cute stories of milestones accomplished in a child’s life.
NewArtOfUniverse|Are you thinking what i'm thinking, That you thinked that i Thinked, That you could think what i may think in the future? You may think what i think?May our problem is think to much? Or thinking is an addiction? Funny think..
Kelly L. Miller|If you worry yourself to death over the struggle, you will never experience the good life.
Jimvirle/Jinvirle|As rice grows riper, the lower it bows its head. Never lose your humility while you grow.
Vanshika Dhyani|THEY WILL TRY TO TELL YOU THAT YOU’RE MADE UP OF ATOMS AND MOLECULES.THEY DON’T KNOW A DAMN THING ABOUT YOU. YOU’RE MADE UP OF POETRY, LOVE AND SOLACE AND ALL THOSE BEAUTIFUL LONELY THINGS THAT MAKE THIS WHOLE UNIVERSE.
Nikki Rowe|For some women, they need a man. For others, men need them.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|The only way he could have her was to shatter this stubborn faith of hers. In doing so, would he shatter her? "What has this god of yours ever really done for you?" She stood very still for a long moment, her back to him. "Everything.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|If I provide for this life and turn away from the Lord, I am wise for a moment, but lost forever.
Simi Sunny, The White Sirens|Kayla,' I exclaim. 'There may be bad police officers out there, but I can assure you that there will be no harm towards you or anyone else. Like I said before, a policeman's job is to protect people. And if they can't, that's an issue for the officer. But for now, don't worry about it.
Sian B. Claven, Ensnared|Raven shook her head more violently and opened her mouth, a loud shriek filled the room and Amari realised what was about to happen, she ducked down and wrapped her arms around her head, just as the mirror shattered over her
Basma Salem, The Art Of Black|Everything was bright and white, even in the night.
Dominic Riccitello|Ran out of things to say, metaphors for you. Why the ocean’s clear instead of blue, why mountains in the distance had reminded me of you.
Dominic Riccitello|The beauty was nothing made sense. We were complex. We were intricate. We were designed with flaws which seemed to make everything perfect. But the defining word is seem. We don’t see what’s in front of us until it’s away from us. Until it’s behind us. Until it doesn’t bother us. Sometimes things aren’t perfect, yet they appear to be. Sometimes life doesn’t make sense until it does. But it always does.
Dominic Riccitello|We love certain people until death. We love others until we don’t. And sometimes we never fell in love in the first place. Falling in love isn’t necessary. Building character, life experience, development, and self-love: those are important. People get lost in the idea of affection for another person that they completely disregard themselves. That’s dangerous. Life isn’t about building something with someone. Life is about building something for yourself, but if someone comes along and they align, you share it with them.
Dominic Riccitello|We were as big as the ocean, but as fragile as an ego.
Dominic Riccitello|You were a rhyme who mattered, a being who slipped all too often.
Dominic Riccitello|I stopped writing in a way they would understand because it wasn’t for them or even him. It was for I to understand, for I to make sense, and for I to let go of it.
Dominic Riccitello|Life isn’t about building something with someone else. It’s about building something for a cause greater than yourself, but if someone comes along and they’re worthy enough, we let them build with us.
Dominic Riccitello|I loved you with texture. You loved with a softness. Texture brought detail, softness brought folds. Folds brought creases and creases had secrets.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Before that no one thought of us as colored-foreign maybe, exotic and dark, but not colored.
Timothy Joshua|You only spoke a single line,yet it felt like a life sentence.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|There is an art to Noavek bullshit," Cyra said as she muted the feed. "We're taught it from birth.
Simi Sunny|Being a writer, I take thing seriously (not too seriously). I may be a young writer/self publisher, I do love to write and I want to share my stories to the world. but more importantly, I do take writing seriously.
Simi Sunny, The White Sirens|Chief Johnson has full faith on us. Which means if I can complete this task and hunt down the murderer, not only does the chief won't feel any uncertainty on Anthony and I, but the spirits of the victims can move on. It sounds silly to believe that the undead is still around, but it is the truth. And since I have a good heart, I must use it.
Simi Sunny, The White Sirens|I don’t mind my friends calling me 'Thornes,' but the fact of people calling me 'Prickly Thornes' draws the line.
Lisa Kleypas, It Happened One Autumn|Honesty is overrated. As someone once said, 'Secrecy is the first essential in affairs of the heart.'""It was the Duc de Richelieu," said Lillian, who had read the same book of philosophy during their schoolroom lessons. "And the accurate quote is, 'Secrecy is the first essential in affairs of the State.'""He was French, though," Daisy argued. "I'm sure he meant the heart as well."Lillian laughed and glanced at her sister affectionately. "Perhaps he did. But I don't want to keep secrets from Lord Westcliff.""Oh, very well. But heed my words- it wouldn't be a true love affair if you didn't have a few little secrets.
John    Hennessy|If I am to be a skeleton in a box buried deep into the ground, I pray you will be the dust that rests atop my bones.
Emem Uko|When you had the dream, it looked big. So why quit when it's still small?
Caroline George, The Vestige|Sometimes you find a lie, and sometimes it finds you.
Ronda Rousey|Fighting is not a man thing, it's a human thing.
Caroline George, The Vestige|We didn’t cause the apocalypse…”“But we were too dumb to see it,” she snaps. “That was our mistake.
J. Limbu|My mind is like a seaYou will only drown, If you think you can swimThere are things that devours me, No love can ever save me.
Epicurus, The Art of Happiness|Men inflict injuries from hatred, jealousy or contempt, but the wise man masters all these passions by means of reason.
DreamingYou|Well, love exists even you are muted and one another is blind
Timothy Joshua|There is nothing better,than sleeping and dreaming beside you —It's like having a dream within a dream.
Robert Hobkirk, Tommy in the Promised Land|The apartments had probably been built back in the 70’s when the country was going through some ugly social times. Maybe the country was going through its adolescent phase and breaking out with a bad case of social acne. Cheesy professors were running around the country proclaiming “turn on, tune in, drop out.” A mean-spirited drunk from LA was cranking out poems about the low-life and reaching for another beer out of the refrigerator on stage as part of his performance. The porn industry was in its golden era. People proclaiming their individuality and uniqueness were all dressed the same. Mothers thought they were educating their kids by letting them watch Sesame Street, but they were just turning their kids into TV junkies and a future generation of pudding heads with blank faces ready to believe anything on the lamestream media. The Vietnam War eventually came to an end after Laos was clustered bombed, which had nothing to do with ending the war. Dominoes didn’t fall. A new war memorial went out for bid. Some crazy scientist found a way to make clothes out of chemicals - polyester. Dwarfs found their favorite hangout - the disco. The whole country seemed to be dancing to the disco beat, hypnotized by the flashing strobe lights off the big, shiny ball.
Curtis W. Jackson, Waiting for Regina|Let not a single soul discharge you, because we are a group of beautiful people...and you two are richer, with greater potential than this soil.
Timothy Joshua|Pluviophile -I remember how we began –you smiling,me falling,like the rain.
Isiphile Petse|We forget our greatness,when we measure ourselves against the world...We compete and compare so muchwe forget what we are destined for.....
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|While the man is putting on it's shoes, the woman can buy dozens of high heels.
Boris Groys, Under Suspicion: A Phenomenology of Media|A quote has an even more powerful effect if we presume not just a particular author behind it, but God, nature, the unconscious, labor, or difference. These are strong fetishes, each conjuring the powerful submedial in a particular way. Yet all of them must nonetheless be exchanged in a certain rhythm according to the laws of the medial economy. In order to create such fetishes, one does not have to use brilliant quotes by famous authors but can use anonymous quotes that stem from the author- less realm of the everyday, lowly, foreign, vulgar, aggressive, or stupid. Precisely such quotes produce the effect of medial sincerity, that is, the revelation of a deeply submerged, hidden, medial plane on the familiar medial surface. It then appears as if this surface had been blasted open from the inside and that the respective quotes had sprung forth from the submedial interior—like aliens. All of this, of course, refers to the economy of the quote as a gift that can be offered, accepted, and reciprocated.
Mario Puzo, The Last Don|A man's primary duty in life is to earn his own living, but to what purpose if he did not have a wife and children?
Boris Groys, Under Suspicion: A Phenomenology of Media|An author who integrates alien signs into the medial surface of his own texts—signs behind which we presume the existence of other powerful, submedial subjects “as authors”—does not increase the comprehensibility of that text. Yet nonetheless, he increases the magical effectiveness this text exudes. Such quotations lead us to presume that the text houses a dangerous, manipulative subject, a magician with enough power to manipulate the signs of other powerful magicians and able to use them strategically for his own purposes. Thus an author who quotes alien signs conveys a stronger impression of powerful authorship than one who ad- vocates precisely his so-called own ideas—which do not interest anybody precisely because they are only his own. It is also well known that one may not quote the same author too often, in which case quoting gradu- ally looses its magical power and begins to irritate the reader. The reason for this gradual decrease of a quote’s magical effectiveness is that it looses its strangeness over time and gets integrated into the medial surface of a text, thereby becoming a proper part of it. In order to maintain their magical effect, quotes have to be exchanged constantly so as to continue to maintain the same appearance of foreignness and freshness. The quote functions as a magical fetish that lends the entire text a hidden, submedial power beyond its superficial meaning.
Nikki Rowe|disregard the opinions of those you don't aspire to be, that's the first step to finding your own two feet.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Valuing your LIFE, what do you believe in? In the destination or in YOU?
Lyn Gardner|It was who they were, and it was who they always would be. They would remain forever in lust and forever in love, for theirs was a love that transcended body and mind. Theirs was a love of the soul.--Mistletoe (2012) by Lyn Gardner
Peadar Ó Guilín, The Call|They drink from streams whose waters taste like tears, and indeed each swallow fills them with a few heartbeats of deep sadness.
Nikki Rowe|Life is like a train going in circles, the train is comfortable - it has nice scenery, it provides warmth and food & for most a loving atmosphere. Most of the people stay on the train there entire lives, maybe every now and again they may peep out the door, some might even get off only to quickly realise they want back on. Then you have the rare ones who I aspire to be, those who are bored of the train - to them - the thought of living without it, is risky but the reward of tasting life outside of doors and walls excite them enough to try.
Edward Albert|On a level of simple personal survival, understanding and forgiveness are crucial... whether in an intimate personal relationship or on a global level.
Edward Albert|What I want to be is an actor, not a star.
Anonymous|Travelers we are, in this journey of memory. Aboard together we might, and get off at different times.Still, memory lingers.
Unknown|Turn a blind eye on logic and sense, for eyes see facts and minds make mess; mostly that's why we mistake for something less,all of the shadows of those who conspire. But where there is smoke, near is a fire.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|When I go to sea, I go as a simple sailor, right before the mast, plumb down into the forecastle, aloft there to the royal mast-head. True, they rather order me about some, and make me jump from spar to spar, like a grasshopper in a May meadow. And at first, this sort of thing is unpleasant enough. It touches one's sense of honor, particularly if you come of an old established family in the land, the van Rensselaers, or Randolphs, or Hardicanutes. And more than all, if just previous to putting your hand into the tar-pot, you have been lording it as a country schoolmaster, making the tallest boys stand in awe of you. The transition is a keen one, I assure you, from the schoolmaster to a sailor, and requires a strong decoction of Seneca and the Stoics to enable you to grin and bear it. But even this wears off in time.What of it, if some old hunks of a sea-captain orders me to get a broom and sweep down the decks? What does that indignity amount to, weighed, I mean, in the scales of the New Testament? Do you think the archangel Gabriel thinks anything the less of me, because I promptly and respectfully obey that old hunks in that particular instance? Who ain't a slave? Tell me that. Well, then, however the old sea-captains may order me about—however they may thump and punch me about, I have the satisfaction of knowing that it is all right; that everybody else is one way or other served in much the same way—either in a physical or metaphysical point of view, that is; and so the universal thump is passed round, and all hands should rub each other's shoulder-blades, and be content.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|He asked her for coffee, but she wanted tea instead.
Swapna Rajput|When I see my future, I see you...
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|CARL SAGAN SAID that if you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe. When he says “from scratch,” he means fromnothing. He means from a time before the world even existed. If you want to make an apple pie from nothing at all, you have to start with the Big Bang and expanding universes, neutrons, ions, atoms, black holes, suns, moons, ocean tides, the Milky Way, Earth, evolution, dinosaurs, extinction- level events, platypuses,Homo erectus, Cro- Magnon man, etc. You have to start at the beginning. You must invent fire. You need water and fertile soil and seeds. You need cows and people to milk them and more people to churn that milk into butter. You need wheat and sugar cane and apple trees. You need chemistry and biology. For a really good apple pie, you need the arts. For an apple pie that can last for generations, you need the printing press and the Industrial Revolution and maybe even a poem.To make a thing as simple as an apple pie, you have to create the whole wide world.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|There's something about kindred spirits, you meet them and for a moment this world no matter ugly, makes sense. They bring a sense of freedom and clarity to one conversation; just enough to remind you of who you are.
Antoine Laurain, The Red Notebook|Do great things, Laure, be happy, or at least do your best to be. Life is fragile
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|No air, no balloons!
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|We never asked to bow. Who is he to say Red and Browns toiling to death is for the greater good? Who is he to say Pink children being harvested for rape, Obsidians and Grays for battle, is a necessity? How can he sit there and say that he alone knows what is best for me, for my family? It’s not his right
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|New year, new life!" - The saying goes.It will be?!Often we place expectations at a time as a starting point for the desired change. But we hope things change, and that's just it. We do not even consider a minimum of steps to start the path of change, which, yes, can be considered a starting point.There is a motive force more powerful than steam, electricity, and atomic energy: the will. - Albert Einstein said.Well, in this case: New Year, you new! Make the change happen. Do not focus only on where you want to go, but how you will arrive. If the path is long, as it always is, enjoy the landscape, make friends, sing, have fun! You may find that the great change was always in you and not in the rest of the world.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Making a difference is a point of view. For a universe, you can be a simple individual. But for some individual, you can transform "your universe".
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Children are our future. Unfortunately, we are their past.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Love is worth dying for, said the spermatozoid.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|In searching for myself, I have created myself.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|I saw an injured black cat. God knows, who has crossed her path.
Dominic Riccitello|The thing with breaking up is they leave, but the memories stay.
Dominic Riccitello|You’re not supposed to be in a relationship because it’s comfortable, it’s supposed to be because they make you a better person.
Dominic Riccitello|I went into the new year loving myself in different ways, in a different possibility. It was then that I understood things I hadn’t. It was then that I understood people I hadn’t. We work in ways where sometimes we don’t align because our intersections lead us elsewhere. We find ourselves in rapids which lead to lightning, in beds that leave us homesick. We lust after the impetuous, in hopelessness, and sometimes in the reactive. We like things and people who are bad for us and that’s fine. It’s fine because it’s life. It happens. They exist. We exist. We all exist together in this world where nothing seems to make sense. Where everything is nothing but imaginary because it’s what we imagine it to be. Reality exists and it’s there, but life is what you make it. Your actions ask for it. How you exist is how you exist.We take every new year and give it a theme because we’re scared of how it could be. You change in the moment, not by years. You be to become and becoming is something which frightens people. Lead by example instead of letting the example lead you. Take this new year and find yourself in people who question it because questioning is how you gain from it.
Dominic Riccitello|When you know, you know and it flows in your mind like waves. Coming forward as it pulls with the tide. It brings anxiety, terror, and it’s beyond anything plausible.
Kayla Krantz, Survive at Midnight|No matter what, the day didn't feel like Christmas to her.She remembered years ago, when she had been just a little kid, and the word had been enough to make her happy. Nothing stirred in her now. Her childhood felt like it had been in another life. As she sat alone in her room with tears drying to her face, she resolved that no matter what the calendar said, it wasn't Christmas.If it was, she'd feel happy, not depressed.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|In search of myself, I have created myself.
The Nyghtlie Poet|my blog, a boat that contains my perceptions + truths; set to sail on an endless journey into eternity.
Austin Cochran, Totem Lake|Where do I go from here? She thought to herself.Truth was, it didn’t matter.She had a new beginning.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Many quote scripture, less study it, and even fewer live it. ~T.F. Hodge
David E Hoffman|And I said, 'Do I have leprosy?' And they said, 'You are a dangerous element.
Kamand Kojouri|Love without conditions, restrictions, or the expectation of being loved in return.
Kamand Kojouri|A negative outlook is dangerous. When you say, “It can’t get any worse!” You're essentially challenging the universe to do exactly that.
Kamand Kojouri|In the very end, all we have left to atone for our faults are words.
Kamand Kojouri|This is the only truth in the world that was necessary yesterday, is necessary today, and will continue to be necessary tomorrow: be conscious of now.
Kamand Kojouri|All this waiting.Waiting for the rain to stop. Waiting in traffic. Waiting for the bill. Waiting at the airport for an old friend.Waiting to depart. Then, there’s the big waiting: waiting to grow up. Waiting for love. Waiting to show youryour parents that when you have kids you’ll be different. Waiting to retire. Waiting for death. Why do we think waitingis the antithesis of lifewhen it is almostall of it?
Carrie Brownstein, Hunger Makes Me a Modern Girl|That’s why all of those records from high school sound so good. It’s. It that the songs were better- it’s that we were listening to them with our friends, drunk for the first time on liqueurs, touching sweaty palms, staring for hours at a poster on the wall, not grossed out by carpet or dirt or crumpled, oily bedsheets. These songs and albums were the best ones because of how huge adolescence felt then, and how nostalgia recasts it now. Nostalgia is so certain: the sense of familiarity it instills makes us feel like we know ourselves, like we’ve lived. To get a sense that we have already journeyed through something- survived it, experienced it- is often so much easier and less messy than the task of currently living though something. Though hard to grasp, nostalgia is elating to bask in- temporarily restoring color to the past. It creates a sense memory that momentarily simulates context. Nostalgia is recall without the criticism of the present day, all the good parts, memory without the pain. Finally, nostalgia asks so little of us, just to be noticed and revisited; it doesn’t require the difficult task of negotiation, the heartache and uncertainty that the present does.
Kamand Kojouri|Kamand, die every dayso you rememberto live.
Henry David Thoreau|There is no remedy for love but to love more."- Henry David Thoreau
Kamand Kojouri|No one has any right to tell you that the way you perceive yourself is wrong. Because by doing so, they also discourage the person you aspire to be.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|With gorilla gone, will there be hope for man?
Wesley Gray|Everyone has a worldview, and everyone is positive theirs is the correct one. I can tell you without a doubt your wrong.
Queen_001|I want you to hold the rising sun,I’m hearing the stars calling me ;
Danielle LaPorte|As the legend goes, when the Phoenix resurrects from the flames, she is even more beautiful than before.
Tijan, Evil|A part of me didn't want to need anyone, miss anyone, even love anyone, It'd always been me against the world, and I didn't altogether enjoy that I was starting to lose that feeling. It usually meant that something awful was going to happen
Seekerohan, Caged: The Price of Pride|No poem of mine will, be as beautiful as the one; I create on your lips.
Tijan, Evil|It was the calm before the storm, and holy crap, my bones knew it was going to be the storm of my life.
Tijan, Evil|Everything had become chaotic, and I wasn't sure how much more I wanted to take
Tijan, Evil|I was choosing, and I was choosing Kellan.
Tijan, Evil|I'm a demon. I'm more than half-demon, and that means I can only love one person.” He watched me from his pillow. “You. Only you
Tijan, Evil|The only god thing in me, is you. If you die, there's no redemption for me. I'll become a full demon.
Tijan, Evil|The only spark of humanity in me is from you, because I love you. If you die, so do I.
Tijan, Evil|We were strong separately, but when we were together, we were impenetrable.
Cornelius Moore|There are 3 ways of handling a situation. You can either become part of the problem, part of the solution or part of the pavement..
Albert Camus|Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.”But I wonder if there’s no breaking then there’s no healing, and if there’s no healing then there’s no learning. And if there’s no learning then there’s no struggle. But the struggle is a part of life. So must all hearts be broken?
Bhoopal M|People never understand who you are, until If you're popular or talented.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|One thing I can assure you, life is not easy, but it can be simple. Focus on what's important and don't let your distractions derail you.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|There's a profit attached to every problem. Find it, face it and fix it.
Cristen Rodgers|Solitude is an unmarked place beyond the borders of the map, a place where most fear to tread. It’s no surprise, then, that this is where the greatest secrets and most valuable treasures are hidden.
Nathan Harris|What if my name was Daniel, Lucas, Noah. Lucas Harris, That doesn't sound right. I think I'll stick with Nate.
Inio Asano, Nijigahara Holograph|...he didn't know if he was Chuang Tzu who dreamed he was a butterfly, or a butterfly dreaming he was Chuang Tzu.
Dominic Riccitello|I love him. So much. To the point where you won’t understand. You don’t get it because I don’t get it. It’s there. It exists. It flows. It moves like rapids through my veins. Comes with bursts and occasionally fades with the day, but it’s always there. And when you find love like that, you don’t want to give it up. But sometimes you have to and sometimes you have to give it to someone else. That’s the hard part.
Dominic Riccitello|I loved him to death. Then I came to realization with how arrogant he was and instead of falling out of love, I fell harder. Every passing day I fell a little harder, a little faster, and a little sadder. I became anxious, obsessive, hurt, and sad. But one morning I awoke to realize I fell out of it. I loved him. I still do. But I was in love with him until the death of the relationship. Now I just love him. From afar. From the knowledge. From the happiness an individual gave me.
Dominic Riccitello|You were like fine wine, but cheap wine gets you drunk faster.
Dominic Riccitello|They say if the love is true, then it’s easy. But that’s false. Love is complicated. It’s sticky. It’s bliss and it’s a mix of emotions. It’s not easy.
Dr Loretta Scott|You can't help everyone, but.... everyone can help someone.
Dominic Riccitello|It takes awhile, but eventually you realize they lost you. You didn’t lose them.
Dominic Riccitello|The truth is: I was lost in him. I had gone from losing one of the most important people in my life and then losing someone I loved a month later. I wrapped myself in people, in lust, in the idea of love. I met him and I met a gentlemen, and when I found out who he truly was, I was still in love with the gentleman and justified all of his actions.
Lauren Evers, Cryptids|I didn’t know when I grew up, but it happened like this: I was so very young, and then suddenly, I was old.
Bernard Jan|It is so simple: the choices we make in our everyday lives, the things we do (or not) for others, define the world we live in.
Mohith Agadi|If we can learn anything from Lord Ganesha, it is: Be sincere and care no one in the line of duty.
Valentina D'Urbano, Non aspettare la notte|NON MI POSSO ABITUARE. NON MI POSSO ABITUARE AL RAGAZZO CHE DORME DI SOPRA, CHE MI TIENE STRETTA TUTTA LA NOTTE E DICE DI AMARMI, E DICE CHE NON AMERÀ MAI NESSUNO COME AMA ME. NON POSSO ABITUARMI A TUTTA QUESTA FELICITÀ CHE MI SCAVA IN PUNTI IRRAGGIUNGIBILI, CHE MI RENDE FRAGILE.
Na'ama Yehuda, Emilia|Hearts break along the same lines they broke before, I find, and they hurt no less in the rebreaking.
L V HALL|You wore my watch then claimed it as your own, twisting its chain slowly, hovered over the blaze of my torment. You would yell endless regrets across the dance Hall of echoes. So many echoes from a source that swayed smiling…id throw u over & over but you were the yoyo that’s loop strapped itself to the bones of my finger, layers so deep it would take more than a cut to untie your deceit.Lips bitter but your touch soothing & sweet. My heart would palpitate the moment your presence crept through the walls of my flesh; you held tight the gasps of breath keeping my chest strained with the pressures of your high demands. Not a single thing was enough, you needed me fragmented…
Na'ama Yehuda, Emilia|An option means decision, and a decision means acknowledging something is wrong and the shame one can no longer hide from.
Nikki Rowe|Be weary of the selfish givers, those who do something for a hidden fee.
Penelope Ward, Stepbrother Dearest|This was a different kind of a kiss, not one that leads to something, but a hard, painful one.It was a goodbye kiss.
Tana French, The Likeness|I loved him, you know,' she said. 'I would have loved him as hard as he'd let me, for the rest of my life.
Laure Lacornette|The more we try to stop others from falling, the more we hurt ourselves.
Claire Hamelin Manning|When you speak, your words echo across the room. When you write, your words echo across the ages" Bud GardnerThis is what my books do about stories of the Past, Present and Futur. Enjoy!Visit my page on Amazon.com
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Everything is possible, but where can I find everything?!
AlunaGeorge|There's always another side to the story but nothing compares to the glory of our own short sighted, one sided glorious view
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|When I am, you are not.
Kamand Kojouri|Disappointment is a blessing. If you were never disappointed, you'd never know what was important to you.
Akif Kichloo, The Feeling May Remain|So often we confuse mistakes for soul mates, lessons forlovers, and at the same time worthy life partners for one-night stands. It’s an epidemic.
Akif Kichloo, The Feeling May Remain|The tragedy of love is in its ending, the blessing—everything else. No love ever deserves to end.
Akif Kichloo, The Feeling May Remain|They came and they left. You cried, but you stood your ground. You stayed tethered to hope as well as committed to dignified dreams and little victories of day-to-day life. You felt different. Then you started to change. Your smile returned with reticence before completely taking over your face. Today, you are no longer afraid to let that smile be there, and now you understand it was not about them. It was never about anyone else. This was about you from the day you were born. This was about you learning to love yourself—not letting the inferiority of the external corrupt the piety of the internal. This was your personal revolution. This was the uprising of your lifetime.And you won.
Spike Jonze, her|It's like I'm reading a book, andit's a book I deeply love, but I'mreading it slowly now so the wordsare really far apart and the spacesbetween the words are almostinfinite. I can still feel you andthe words of our story, but it's inthis endless space between thewords that I'm finding myself now.It’s a place that’s not of thephysical world - it's whereeverything else is that I didn'teven know existed. I love you somuch, but this is where I am now.This is who I am now.And I need you to let me go. Asmuch as I want to I can't live inyour book anymore.
Akif Kichloo, The Feeling May Remain|When the nightcomes to break my heart,I think of you.
R.E. Butler|He didn't want just one morning with her, just one dawn breaking across the horizon. He wanted every dawn forever, every night, and the hours in between.
Shungiku Nakamura, 中村 春菊|No matter how much you feel it in your heart, if you don't tell the person then it's meaningless.
Mizan Chaudhury|God has provided food for every bird, but He doesn't throw it in their nests
Kamand Kojouri|I'll forget me.You forget you.We can be onetogether, happily.
Kamand Kojouri|The reason as to why a human cannot give birth to himself is because he needs someone to help him. We are altricial, or helpless at birth, because we have to depend on others so that later in life when we are capable, we help those in need. And this is very much part of the circle of life.
Meraaqi, Divine Trouble|I see that you are heartlessly clever.For you know how to Love,but not Forever. You still return to me in flashes,so strong it clouds my Mind.The fire has turned to ashes,and yet, you’re not behind.
Kamand Kojouri|Tell me where the swans go in the winterI need to know if the mute ones can sing.Tell me why stars fall from the skyI need to know if it is luck they bring.Tell me why feathers land near youI need to know if you've injured your wing.Now, tell me where you end, my angelFor I no longer know where I begin.
Kamand Kojouri|Your eyes are like heavy rain falling from pregnant clouds. With one glance, you washed awaythe poems I chalked on the groundand drowned all my beliefs.Now, I only scribble your name and believe in your truth. I know nothing but you.
Kamand Kojouri|Don’t you ever dare judge, for who among us can say that when the devil himself offered us a deal, we refused?
Mohith Agadi|What people say about others' behavior or character is not always true, Just Proffer it to your best judgement.
Sirach|Strive not with a man that is full of tongue, and heap not wood upon his fire. Jest not with a rude man, lest thine ancestors be disgraced
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Find me, my thief.
Tim Hollingworth|I found a word, and carefully placed it next to another. Soon I had a bridge and a pathway to a wonderful future.
Charanjit Singh Mannu, The Purity of Love|Everyone is born a millionaire, it is your God-given right to have an abundance of everything, health, money and love.
Margaret Aranda|Take the Positive, and run! Run from the negative!
Deyth Banger|Read everyday quotes start from easy which don't want a lot of thinking, then average,then something complex. This will re-wire your brain, however if you find a book of quotes I suggest you to read all quotes slow and even if you don't get a quote or quotes read them as much time as possible.
Mohith Agadi|If you can't connect the Dots, Find the right dots first.
J.D. Cunegan, Blood Ties|All I know is, a writer ever walks into Homicide looking to shadow someone, I’m shooting them on-sight.
Dominic Riccitello|Instead of writing my rules, I followed his. And that’s when I knew it all went wrong.
Dominic Riccitello|My mistakes were because I was selfless. I wanted to complete someone else, I didn’t think about completing myself.
Dominic Riccitello|Eventually I’ll stop writing about you and it’ll be bittersweet. Not because I’m not in love with you, but because I’ll just love you.
Dominic Riccitello|He said I wanted revenge, but if I wanted revenge I would’ve just broken his heart.
Dominic Riccitello|When someone says they love you, don’t believe it. Love is shown with actions and not words.
Dominic Riccitello|We do things because we want it, not because they’re good for us.
Frederick Espiritu, One Whole Naked Me|If you wish to know the truth of who you are,follow the voice that calls you home.Go there.For where our love is,there we will be.
Frederick Espiritu, One Whole Naked Me|If breath is as close as I can get,tomorrow, I’ll become the windjust to be with you again.
Frederick Espiritu, One Whole Naked Me|Where there is love, there is no need.Where there is need, there is suffering.
Dominic Riccitello|I remember things like dates down to minutes, what they smelled like, how they walked and how they tug their hands in their pockets. I twine myself in nostalgia of moments and not necessarily the people in them. I long for the idea of the past and occasionally forget the present. I find myself lost in memories, just looking to recreate the moment; forgetting the past is in the past and what we have is now.
Dominic Riccitello|I pushed him against his Jeep, looked him dead in the eye and kissed him. He asked if he could come up, and I just walked up the steps and said, not yet. That was the moment I knew I loved him.
Kamand Kojouri|When I'm with you,I feel exposed.Naked. When I'm naked with you, I feel clothed.Sheltered.
Kamand Kojouri|They tell us the only way to move on is to forget.“Forgive,” they say.Realise that you deserve better.That maybe they deserve better.You can't fight fire with fire.Extinguish it once and for all."Do not look back," they say.They don't tell you that only one thing is needed. Only one:love.When you are filled to the brim with love,you only emanate love.You become lover and love itself.Only then will you love even the very people you wish to hate.
Kamand Kojouri|You know how sometimes you meet someone and you feel like you've known them your whole life?Well, I feel like I've loved you my whole life.
Vivek Pereira, Indians in Pakistan|Let’s face it. There are good people and bad people everywhere. Illiteracy, poor education, wars, greed , corruption and similar factors were responsible for the problems in both India and Pakistan. Religious fanatics benefited from these factors and developed formidable socio-political strongholds in both countries.
Kamand Kojouri|We all live but a hundred years. When I am with you, I live it in a matter of days.
Carmela Dutra|Take a look and pick up a book, you never know what you might just find.
Deyth Banger|A book is a collected thoughts and lessons in one place, a quote is a lesson which is learnt.
Kamand Kojouri|Do the lovers know that when they whisper these poems they are commemorating our love?Do they ever think of you and meor only of themselves?Do they know that I once found a strand of your hairand wore it around my necklike a necklace?That I kiss your handsmore than I kiss your lips?Do they realise that our love and their love are drops in the universe’s ocean of loveand that without any of these drops, the ocean would be less?
Kamand Kojouri|We dance to seduce ourselves. To fall in love with ourselves. When we dance with another, we manifest the very thing we love about ourselves so that they may see it and love us too.
Kamand Kojouri|Can we share my eyes so you can see what I see?Can we share my ears so you can hear what I hear?Can you perch on my shouldersso you can go where I go?Always in my heart, I don’t experience anything separate from you.This shared wonderment becomes doubled.This shared love becomes infinite.
Kamand Kojouri|Don’t worry if you don’t accomplish everything in this life. Fortunately, death overcomes every thing—even the very thing that tried to kill us.
Pablo Neruda, Then Come Back: The Lost Neruda Poems|Settle your perfect hips here and the bow of wet arrowsloosens into the night the petals that form your formlet your clay limbs climb the silence and its pale ladderrung by rung taking off with me in my dream.I can sense you scaling the shade tree that sings to the shadows.Dark is the world’s night without you my love,
Pablo Neruda, Then Come Back: The Lost Neruda Poems|you, my friend, could be the smoke’s daughter,you who may not have known you were born of fire and rage,lightning over flaming lava etched your violet mouth,your sex in the scorched oak’s moss like a ring in a nest,your fingers there in the flames, your compact bodyrose from leaves of fire that make me recallthere were bakers in your family tree,you’re still the rainforest’s bread, ash from violent wheat,
Anonymous|and if i asked you to name all the things that you love, how long would it take for you to name yourself?
Kamand Kojouri|Maybe when we face a tragedy, someone, somewhere is preventing a bigger tragedy from happening.
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Stop settling for less than what you deserve. That’s why I stress self-love! There comes a time when you can no longer blame a man. You’ve got to hold yourself accountable for the choices that you make. Choose wisely! Slow down. Pay attention. Don’t allow his good looks and swag to blind you from the truth. Don’t be so easily flattered by money, cars, jewelry, and all of that other stuff. Your heart and well-being is worth much more than that. Choose someone who respects, loves, and adores you. Somebody who has your best interest at heart. Nothing less! Allow yourself to experience REAL love. Stop giving your love, time, and attention to men who clearly don’t deserve it. #ItsAllUpToYou
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Strive to be a woman of substance! Don’t solely allow your big butt, thick thighs, wide hips, large breasts, and overall good looks to define you as a woman. Your looks alone shouldn’t define who you are. What more do you have to offer? What is your TRUE character? How is your attitude? What have you accomplished? Do you have respect for yourself? What do you represent? Everywhere you look, there’s another beautiful, stunning, fine looking sista. Stand out from the rest and dare to be different! Your good looks should only be a bonus, not the main factor. #RealTalk
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Always remember: It’s so easy, and it takes very little effort, to be like the next person. Don’t insult yourself like that. Be yourself! Walk YOUR walk. Talk YOUR talk. Be uniquely YOU in everything that you do. A confident woman who has a strong sense of self is quite beautiful. Allow your light to shine from the inside out. Self-love is the greatest love of all. Love, respect, and be good to yourself, first! You matter! You count! And you’re important, too!
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Always believe in yourself, even if nobody else does! Sometimes in life, you won’t always get the encouragement and support that you desire, but don’t allow that to stop you from accomplishing YOUR dreams. You’ve got to learn how to encourage yourself and be happy for yourself in spite of. Everybody won’t be happy for you, and that’s okay. Be happy for yourself and always see the best in yourself! Do it for YOU. Don’t focus on the negative. Negativity is only a distraction. Stay the course and stay focused! Be encouraged and do GREAT things. You’ve got this!
T.D. Mulhern|I would like to write my life story, but it seems to write itself.
Steve Maraboli|I'm grateful for past betrayals, heartaches, and challenges... I thought they were breaking me; but they were sculpting me.
James Joyce|Jesus was a bachelor and never lived with a woman. Surely living with a woman is one of the most difficult things a man has to do, and he never did it.
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Don’t be afraid to use your voice. Your thoughts, opinions, and ideas are just as important as anybody else’s. When you speak, speak with boldness and purpose. Have courage, be confident, and always be true to yourself! Live your life fearlessly! Your voice has GREAT power; don’t be afraid to utilize it when needed. You’re NOT an angry Black woman; you’re a woman who has something important to say. Your voice matters and so do YOU.
Sarah Dalton, White Hart|Welhewan is charming us,' Sasha says in an unsure voice. 'It is trying to soothe us with its lullaby. Do not let yourself . . . Oh, a butterfly. Look how beautiful it is! No, don't look. The forest is making us happy, and we cannot let it.
Mikel Jollet|All I can think is that it must be a kind of rebellion,To arm your fears like soldiers and slay them.
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Beautiful in EVERY shade and size. We’ve got that special something! Our melanin is exquisitely beautiful! Love & embrace the skin that you’re in. Our skin tones represent beauty. Light, brown, and dark skinned girls are equally gorgeous!
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Naturally resilient! We persevere, stand tall, and fight to the end. We don’t give up! We make moves and succeed. We’re go-getters by nature. We are stronger than most. We are unstoppable! Fearless and confident in our capabilities. WE are Black Girl Strong! #Incomparable
Frederick Espiritu, The Path to Awesomeness: Becoming Super, Being Human|I’ve learned a hundred secrets,a thousand mysteriesand a million more.But of all the lessons I learned,the greatest is love.
Deyth Banger|I really like the topic about time is an Illusion and also this quote "#Time Physical things are merely the collapse of psychic things into physical reality." - it's powerful. As much you repeat it as much powerful it gets.
Gayle Wray|Dolls are precious little reflections of joyous light, whose hope is only to delight " - Gayle Wray
Rick Yancey, The Monstrumologist|The doctor was a private man, engaged in a dark and dangerous business, and could ill afford the prying eyes and gossiping tongue of the servant class.
Kamand Kojouri|Come back to me.Where have you gone?And why so long?I miss the star below your lip,the constellation on your chest.I miss your ways,how you net butter-flying words and release themfor others to enjoy.I miss your tenderness,the sweetness of your breathand the song of your voice.I miss howyou worship me.Come back to me once more.Why did you go?And whatever for?The heavens plotted against us.The clouds came andpissed on our lives.The smell of charged particlesstill lingers in the air.What will become of you and I?Come back to us.
Kamand Kojouri|Knowing you, I understood myself.
Kamand Kojouri|Come to me.Why must you ruin this moment?You are burdened with thought.Burdened with the pastand expectations of the future.You are burdened with your self.Cast these aside by laughing at yourself.And love,for what more is there than to love me?Take me nowand let it be heaven for us.
Kamand Kojouri|Stop looking forward to things, look inward instead.
Kamand Kojouri|Lovers dream of one more embrace.One more kiss.One act of love, no matter how small.For in loving, lover and belovedemptied themselves.Now, they look for their oasislike men engulfed in flames.Even filled to the brim, they will never satiate. For they continue to leak, thesecracked vessels.How else did love seep through?
Kamand Kojouri|I left the bankbecause they wouldn’t deposit my cheque of poems.So I went to the store,but they didn’t acceptmy currency of words.So I boxed all my storiesand took them to charity.But they refused my donation and asked me to give blood instead.I opened the notebooks and made them look, 'What do you think I wrote these in?
Kamand Kojouri|All kinds of people read poetry: revolutionaries, scholars, sentimentalists etc. But above all else, lovers read poetry. Why? Because we fell in love. And then we fell in love with love.
Rick Yancey, The Monstrumologist|These are the secrets I have kept. This is the trust I never betrayed.But he is dead now and has been for more than forty years, the one who gave me his trust, the one for whom I kept these secrets.The one who saved me . . . and the one who cursed me.
Yukio Mishima, Spring Snow|For everything sacred has the substance of dreams and memories, and so we experience the miracle of what is separated from us by time or distance suddenly being made tangible.
Jennifer Donnelly, These Shallow Graves|Fac quod faciendum est,' " Jo read aloud. "Do what must be done.
Joshua Edward Smith, Duality|Here we have both a paradox, and a beautiful symmetry. It is a duality. I am the earth and you are the moon, and you are the earth and I am the moon.
Joshua Edward Smith, Duality|Anything can happen, Pet. If there's one thing for certain, it's that nothing is for certain.
Joshua Edward Smith, Duality|Sir always had a thing for calves. They were soft and smooth, like all skin on a woman. But the calf flesh was backed by muscle, so there was a firmness you wouldn't find at the hips, say, or in the small of the back. But it wasn't boney like the front of the leg. No, the calf was pretty much the closest thing to the perfection of breast tissue you could touch on a woman without getting your hand slapped away.
Joshua Edward Smith, Duality|Did you have a nice nap?' he asked. 'Yes, Sir. Naps are tricky. There's a little window of how long you can sleep that will leave you feeling awake and refreshed. But if you miss it and you nap less or more than that amount, you feel like crap the rest of the day. And then you will have insomnia, probably.' 'You're a real risk-taker," he said.
Joshua Edward Smith, Entropy|Keeping things stable takes energy. I guess it's a little counter-intuitive, since you think of Newton's first law: a body at rest will stay at rest. But the reality is different. Think about an old water tank you find in the woods. It's sitting there, doing nothing, and yet it's slowly falling apart. Eventually the rust eats away at it beyond a certain threshold, and it collapses under its own weight.
Joshua Edward Smith, Duality|Does she want me to cum? he thought. This was the frustrating part about vanilla sex. He never got to decide anything, and if he asked any question he would "ruin the moment." So it was all up in the air, never knowing exactly what the fuck was going on.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Ralph Waldo Emerson“Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.”― Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Sound of Serendipity   –   Cynthia A. Rodriguez|The city has a way of reminding you how insignificant you are,
Trilby D. Johnson, A-Ha Moments: Inspirational Quotes to Shift Your Thinking|We have to be alone, to know that we are everything!
Emma J. Bell, The True You: Discover Your Own Way to Success and Happiness by Uncovering Your Authentic Self and Building Remarkable Relationships With Others|Kindness is contagious. When we are kind, then we inspire others to be kind.
Emma J. Bell, The True You: Discover Your Own Way to Success and Happiness by Uncovering Your Authentic Self and Building Remarkable Relationships With Others|Without compassion, you will never truly connect with another human being.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|Angry at him for leaving without a word, angry at myself for being so easy to leave and for not being enough to make him want to stick around.
F.R. Media|love.love isn't having butterflies all the time, i think love is calm. love is comfortable. i could sit in silence with you for the rest of our lives and it would mean more than a thousand words with anyone else.
Deyth Banger|If you say one lie enough times, it becomes truth people start to believe. (That's how it works - Extracted)
Anonymous|Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Karon Waddell|Don’t let people who don’t care about you manipulate your mind feelings and emotions, or controls how you think about yourself. Never give that much power to someone else.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|For the last few centuries, these jeweled fruits have been my constant and sole companions. The greatest treasure in all the world, as comfortless as light to the blind.
Sarvesh Jain|We all choose our way of life, and that makes us who we are. We're not a reflection of our choice, we're a choice.
Karon Waddell|Life is funny, when you are young you want to be older and those that are older wish to be younger.
Sarvesh Jain|You'll never be completely sure about the first move, but do it anyway.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, My Diary from the Edge of the World|It never occurred to me before, but there could have easily been a world with no buses, no horns honking, no red lights, no shopping carts, no gum stick to the bottom of benches downtown. For that matter I guess there also could have been no sun, no trees, and no ocean. None of those things had to exist, I guess. It makes me feel lucky that they do.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, My Diary from the Edge of the World|We don't know where Millie went, and we don't know if we'll see her again, but there's no reason not to hope. We don't know the answers, and maybe that's a nice thing.
Karon Waddell|Satisfaction is ending each day knowing you were kind, honest and treated people well.
Sarvesh Jain|Don’t try to make life fair, instead, be on the side where life is extra good.
Sarvesh Jain|Never ever let a stupid criticise you. And as we already know, everyone is stupid.
Jennifer L. Armentrout|For eight years I’ve waited for you to realize that. I’ve waited for you to see yourself for who you really are. You’re Lily Marks, a beautiful, extremely clever woman whose capacity for compassion sets you apart from the Nephilim. It’s not your fighting skills or how good of a warrior you are. It’s the fact you look at me and see a man rather than a Fallen.” -Julian
Sarvesh Jain|Spend your time with family and people you love. Don't wait for festivals be with them, each moment you're with them, that's a festival.
Sarvesh Jain|Love is just a mask. All we search is a Comfort, Acceptance. Consolation. Affirmation. Assurance. Indulgence. Isolation. Absolution and Remission.
Sarvesh Jain|Talking with someone at four in the morning, that's not the thing most people have a simplicity to enjoy.
Sarvesh Jain|In the world we live, either everyone is stupid or no one is.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|I think of you, therefore I exist.
Kamand Kojouri|As long as you're not hurting anyone or anything, including your future self, do only that which makes you happy.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|As soon as you wink, you close your eyes to reality.
Isra Sravenheart|If you want something you have never had, you must do something you have never done.
Dominic Riccitello|All of your fears and thoughts were mine, you were so scared but it was beyond divine.
Sarvesh Jain|Tragedy makes you disable, but your attitude towards tragedy keeps you disable.
Sarvesh Jain|When was the last time you kissed somebody new. If you can tackle that fear, you've nothing to fear.
Colleen Hoover, Slammed|Who cares about tomorrow?What more is tomorrow,than another day?(-The Avett Brothers, "Swept Away")
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|I couldn’t trust my own mind anymore, which wasthe scariest thing I’ve ever experienced.
Luigi Pirandello|You don't know what it means to live the life that you could have lived, if an event over which you have no control, an unforeseeable circumstance, had not distracted and diverted you, and at times crushed you, as has happened to me.
Bradley  Wright|I don't eat food, I eat fat.
Luigi Pirandello, If...|...and here, in this if I always lose myself.
Daniel Marques|If you're not hated by many, you're not good enough yet, because God hates and always hated the majority for good reasons.
Penelope Ward, Stepbrother Dearest|out of sight, out of mind, right? That motto is just atemporary fix—until you’re forced to come face to face with what you’ve been running from. That’s whenthe mental walls you’ve built to hide behind come crashing down in one hard blow.
Bruce R. McConkie|The most important doctrine I can declare, and the most powerful testimony I can bear, is of the atoning sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ. His atonement is the most transcendent event that ever has or ever will occur from Creation’s dawn through all the ages of a never-ending eternity.
Danabelle Gutierrez, & Until The Dreams Come|The first summer that we spent together,we did so many obscene things to each other, thatby the end of it, the trees blushed a shy shade of scarlet,leaves falling to the ground, scandalized by our acts.
Timothy Joshua|To get change, you must first pay for it.
Roy Mustang|Nothing's perfect, the world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful.
Nikki Rowe|I've been born into a broken world and my purpose is to make sure when I leave it, know I have left my mark of kindness on it somewhere.
Nikki Rowe|My favourite conversations are those with the universe, I speak all that I am and the most beautiful response flies a shooting star across the sky, it's proof ~ vibrations of light have the capacity to change our world.
Nikki Rowe|Don't force it, if there isn't flow let it go.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Aphorisms on Love and Hate|A promise to love someone forever, then, means, 'As long as I love you I will render unto you the actions of love; if I no longer love you, you will continue to receive the same actions from me, if for other motives.' Thus the illusion remains in the minds of one's fellow men that the love is unchanged and still the same.
Timothy Joshua|Your words are like mirrors. They may cut, but they also reflect.
Harshvardhan Malpani|Even before you start regretting it, it is already in the past.
J.D. Cunegan, Blood Ties|So now that you know my truth, let's talk about yours.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A good quote is a beautiful bird! Wherever you meet with it, you will start flying with it!
Ace Antonio Hall|If your students aren't learning, then maybe you're not teaching.
Dominic Riccitello|Maybe the problem isn’t everything and everyone around you, but what lies within you.
Richard Petracca|They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but it is up to the author to write those thousand words. – Richard Petracca
Robert Hobkirk, Blind Date: Ten Short Stories|She ordered white wine, and I ordered Schweppes tonic water without the booze. The drinks came, and I took a hit.The first thing she said was, “I don’t know how you can drink that stuff straight?”“You mean without the liquor to kill the taste?”“Yeah, it’s so bitter.”“That’s what I like about it. It’s bitter like me. We match.”“You mean you’re a grumpy old man?”“Right. Can’t help it. That’s what happens when you get old.”“Well, I’m an optimist.”“I’m an optimist too, just a grumpy optimist.
Duane Hewitt|Create always: As God has seen fit in His perfection to give you such abilities, work and share of your gifts.
Nikki Rowe|I thought having a chronic illness would make my life detour in ways I didn't want to accept, but I've learnt that have a chronic illness made the only detours that are worth the growth.
Claudia Rankine|And as light as the rain seems, it still rains down on you.
Ken Poirot, Go Viral!: The Social Media Secret to Get Your Name Posted and Shared All Over the World!|You have a very high probability of your quote and your name being distributed, posted, and shared around the world!
Sarah Centrella, Hustle Believe Receive: An 8-Step Plan to Changing Your Life and Living Your Dream|If you think you'll never achieve your goals, you never will. If you say there's no way you can make it, then there will never be a way. It's your choice, what's it gonna be?
Dalal Gebara|Maybe we ran out of words, maybe we don't know what to say, maybe we both want to go our separate ways, maybe we want to speak up but we're afraid. All I know is this feeling isn't fading away.
Timothy Joshua|Show me your shoes, and I shall show you what paths you have yet to walk.
Dalal Gebara|If only there was a way to escape this reality, if only there was a way to erase all this formality, if only there was a way to figure out your mentality, if only there was a way to rid all the theatricality, if only...however sadly all we think of is practicality, so we will never reach any finality.
Dalal Gabara|If only there was a way to escape this reality, if only there was a way to erase all this formality, if only there was a way to figure out your mentality, if only there was a way to rid all the theatricality,if only...however sadly all we think of is practicality, so we will never reach any finality.
Laure Lacornette|We have little importance. Once we've assimilated that, life can have a meaning.
Dominic Riccitello|I think if we stop running towards broken arms, we’d all be just fine.
Dominic Riccitello|I never expected you to understand, but I did expect you to be there.
Dominic Riccitello|He was beautiful and still is, we just couldn’t flow within the same constellation.
Dominic Riccitello|I’m not thankful for being fucked over, I’m thankful for what I took from it. What I learned. What I taught myself in that particular moment. I'm grateful someone was able to take me there and let me be in that moment - not with them, but with myself. How my emotions could surrender to someone and make me feel everything I felt. It destroyed me, but I made my way through; and I look back years from, and I still love him, I do.
Dominic Riccitello|His love was a poison: soft and loveable, hideous yet touchable.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|It has its dark splendor, to walk the nightmare terrain forever.
Dominic Riccitello|There was no unknown. He loved me and I loved him. There was no question, no doubt, no uncertainty, which perhaps caused us to lose ourselves indefinitely and enter a void so permanent. One where we stood with such confidence, which sounds lovely; but when you believe you have everything, you simply lose everything.
Dominic Riccitello|What if I were to wish upon a blood moon that I could have you standing here and I standing there? And when it happens to arrive in eighteen years, that you’ll be there, waiting for me like I’ll be waiting for you. As we did on the night where the moon shined down and I saw you standing in white with eyes that could ignite and a fire which couldn’t quite die.
Dominic Riccitello|Wrote you a poem or two. You didn’t enjoy them, but I did for you.
Dominic Riccitello|I’m not looking for anything, but who knows. Lightning is weird.
Anonymous|I believe books are life's best gifts, as they allow us to venture into worlds we never thought existed. Giving us a chance to be someone different, giving us the chance to dawdle in the words - And feel free!
Anonymous|The best way to accomplish something is to just do it, and then find the courage afterwards.
Nikki Rowe|I whispered to him, You'll regret it if you let me go. I don't wait for a man, if he's not willing to grow' He didn't believe me, he made his choice & That was the last time, he ever heard my voice.
R.L. Mathewson, Playing for Keeps|She was the most precious thing in the world to him. So beautiful, so sweet, so giving and too damn good for him, but he was a selfish bastard and wouldn't let her go.
Walt Disney Company|Some dream it, some do it, some do both.
David Carradine|If you can't be the poet, be the poem.
Dominic Riccitello|We were one, even in the darkest corner.
Celine Dion|There were things I'd never do again, but then, they'd always seemed right.
Jack Dann|For me, writing is exploration; and most of the time, I'm surprised where the journey takes me.
Natalie Hush|The less they know, the more they know it all.
Abe Musaibli|Better to say nothing at all, rather than something you'll regret.
Kim Golden, Maybe Baby|There's always women who show up who... they don't really want a baby, you know? They're just lonely. And you kind of feel like a gigolo here. You're supposed to look good. Charm the women, make them feel comfortable. You just don't have sex with them.
Dara Reidyr|This system that has been created for us, stifles the mind, thus the profuse amount of mental illness among society. To hold back a fluid being from mental development is to ask for trouble. When society begins to exhibit the symptoms of this break down, the creators of this system decided to label the behavior mental illnesses, so as to ensure that blame is placed upon the individual. You cannot blame someone who might have developed into someone great, for the break down of their mental constitution; it's to be expected.
Inda Herwood, Heart of Onyx|Love is like taking a leap, Darragh. You don't know when you step off the ledge if the drop is six inches or six thousand feet. What matters is you jump.
Dominic Riccitello|Who knows if you’re alive anymore, but better yet, who knows if I’m even alive anymore?
Dominic Riccitello|I didn’t know what it was, who I was or who he was. I just knew what we could have become as one.
Dominic Riccitello|I don’t believe he deserves the thousands of poems I’ve written about him, but life doesn’t follow rules. We do things for people who don’t necessarily deserve it. But we liked it, we loved it and fell in love enough to write about it.
Dominic Riccitello|Give second chances, third chances, but not a fourth, a fifth, a sixth and so on. Appreciate yourself and understand your worth – know it takes time for people to change, to become better. But know what you can take and what you deserve.
Dominic Riccitello|I never expected to fall in love. I never expected to float or fall a thousand feet and create the crevice I called my life. But the thing with crevices, there’s always a top and always a bottom. And the feeling of appreciation when you look from the top and understand how fast it can all come crashing down — it’s more than beautiful and more than words could ever explain.
Dara Reidyr|If you become too readily available to people, they begin to take you for granted; pull away, and they will clamor for you. It's a subconscious thing our society has created in the minds of the masses. This is why most of the "greats" didn't become recognized until after their death. If you're overlook, rejoice, maybe your one of the future greats.
Dara Reidyr|Most of social media is simply a popularity contest. Well, I'm not here for the competition; I have important business and words of depth to change the course. So, while you follow the path of the ignorant, the rest of us will celebrate truth and the higher path.
Dominic Riccitello|I believe we were right for each other, but not in that moment, which perhaps hindered any possibility of a future.
Lauren Miller, Parallel|Your path will change. Your destiny never will.""But what if I'm on the wrong path?""There is no wrong path. Not when it comes to destiny. There are only detours, you see.
Carlos Salinas, The Little Book of Big Quotes|Inspiration can come in many ways: words, an action, an idea, or a person. It can come at any time, and when it does, let it move you.
Dara Reidyr|If you become too readily available to people, they begin to take you for granted; pull away, and they will clamor for you. It's a subconscious thing our society has created in the minds of the masses. This is why most of the "greats" didn't become recognized until after their deaths. If you're overlooked, rejoice, maybe your one of the future greats.
Salil Jha, Naked Soul: The Erotic Love Poems|Most of the books of erotic poetry available today are either too old or are big anthologies covering the same poets and poems. There is a lack of new and original work. Most of us have read something from Ovid, Sappho, Shakespeare, the ancient Greeks, the Romans, or from the Kama Sutra. But love is a theme that should be celebrated with freshness.
Jeanette Walls|Years from now, when all the junk they got is broken and long forgotten, you'll still have your stars.
Dominic Riccitello|I loved you, I did. I believe I even sold myself a bit: on your love, my lust, your hair and just the way we stood there. How the air smelled of you, the way your shirt was cursed with blues. The way we danced by the ocean in front your mini-garden. The white fence, your loveliness and the heavenly kisses. It’ll always be the sheets, lying beside, holding your arm and kissing your hair in a loving stride.
Harmon Okinyo|Believing is seeing" is much more effective for me than the old notion that seeing is believing.
Fahad Rashiq|If you want to Success in your life,Just remember two things1) Your God2) Your Death
Dara Reidyr|Reason and logic, fused with intuition and empathy, equals awakened consciousness and spirituality.
Dara Reidyr|People love their causes they champion; they love their divisions and neatly packaged boxes of identity; for without them, they would be forced to look within, find themselves, set aside pettiness and face reality (that's quite frightening to most). As a result, they are like a lost ship at sea, forced to submit to the waves of society.
Dara Reidyr|It's not my fault you have the attention span of a gnat, capable of only thumbing through the crap on Facebook, instead of reading something of worth that can change your life. No, I'm not talking about Oprah's or Ellen's book either.
Nikki Rowe|You have to keep doing it, Even if no one is watching. The best artists, are those Who live from their expressions, Not chasing the impressions.
Nikki Rowe|Because when I dream, I feel no fear, And when I am fearless, I am my most creative self.
Dominic Riccitello|You don’t get over it. You move past it. You move through it. You lose yourself to find it, and when found, it’s yours and no longer theirs.
Dominic Riccitello|Loving you was hard, wanting you was harder, but kissing your forehead was insanity.
Nikki Rowe|Some look at life, for their entire life, before they actually see.
Vishwanath S J|Between the streams of probability & possibility, lies the timeless, spaceless realm where time gets created!
Vishwanath S J|I do not derive out of the evolution, but the act of creativity inside of it!
Vishwanath S J|Neurons are built to better remember the incompleted, the unfinished, the uninvited & the unwanted!
Sade Andria Zabala, Coffee and Cigarettes|Tell me every terrible thing you ever did, and let me love you anyway.
Christian Baloga|Pay no attention to toxic words. What people say is often a reflection of themselves, not you.
Dominic Riccitello|I’m floating. I’m flowing. I’m loving, but I’m going.
Dominic Riccitello|I see more light than dark, but when I encounter dark I seem to get lost in it.
Dominic Riccitello|People are so worried about being accepted that it causes them to lose themselves and in turn, lose moments.
Vishwanath S J|The first time can always lead to a second chance. But, the second choice can never be the result of the first change.
Dominic Riccitello|It was perfect, but perfection is terrifying.
Dominic Riccitello|It didn’t affect him because he couldn’t fathom how I felt. He never saw how I held or how I dealt. And when a breeze hits, his first thought is never a scent. We worked in different ways and different places, which were divided by a constellation.
Vishwanath S J|Time, without inception, instilled in one's spectacular mind of the mind, produces highly contagious thoughts that can kill you!
Vishwanath S J|Science was born, when religion failed to find the God!
Vishwanath S J|Your "look-alike" may be the result of one of the various possible futures happening simultaneously!
John Lennon|When it gets down to having to use violence, then you are playing the system’s game. The establishment will irritate you – pull your beard, flick your face – to make you fight. Because once they’ve got you violent, then they know how to handle you. The only thing they don’t know how to handle is non-violence and humor.
Traci Lea LaRussa|Judge tenderly, if you must. There is usually a side you have not heard, a story you know nothing about, and a battle waged that you are not having to fight.” ― Traci Lea LaRussa
Holly Bourne, The Manifesto on How to be Interesting|Time can be strange sometimes. It can leave imprints in particular places, leaving ghosts of memories trapped.
Dominic Riccitello|I never said I love you because I knew he would understand it differently. I loved him, and I still do, but it was as a chapter. It wasn’t as a fairytale ending.
Anita Krizzan|I've been living in the shadow of empty people for far too long. Now I need to find chests full of wild lilies, minds full of wonder, hearts full of light.
Dominic Riccitello|Sometimes relationships aren’t meant to be forever. We stumble upon one another to learn, to love, to appreciate and become who we’re supposed to be.
Dominic Riccitello|We were in ways I can’t seem to grasp. We moved like fluid, scattering our love throughout each other. We moved along, out of our eyes and through our veins. It was unintentionally and in turn, unconditionally.
Dara Reidyr|Never be fooled that things are going well when the government seemingly gives out "goody bags" to the public. Those "goodies" are full of poison. They cannot simultaneously pass laws protecting one and then blast others through the media and have us think they are doing us a favor. Their lying psychopaths with an agenda. They may serve corporate masters but their still to blame and as long as the public goes along with them, they are also culpable. Only you can free yourself through freeing your mind.
Cindy Skaggs, Untouchable|Logan felt raw inside from the look of betrayal she had leveled on him. Who was he to demand honesty when every aspect of his presence in her life, even on the periphery, was a lie?
Juliet Marillier, Daughter of the Forest|Three children lay on the rocks at the water's edge.A dark-haired girl, two boys, slightly older.This image is caught forever in my memory, like some fragile creature preserved in amber.
Cindy Skaggs, Untouchable|No living person could disappear like Sofia. She’d have a go-bag stashed somewhere. Money and passports and disguises, with just enough ice to evaporate.
Dominic Riccitello|They’re scared of death, but that’s like being afraid of life.
Saad  Salman|Choosing the right career is the most difficult task for a person who is multi-talented and versatile. Because its hard to decide what field to go into, when you are good at too many things.
Cindy Skaggs, Untouchable|He’d never met a parent who wanted so desperately to pursue and exact revenge, nor one who seemed quite so capable of doing just that.
OlgaGOA|I don't know what you have thought of. Everyone thinks to the extent of his depravity..." #HenriettaLedyanova. #ItalianPassion
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|Sometimes Vin imagined she was like the ash, or the wind, or the mist itself. A thing without thought, capable of simply being, not thinking, caring, or hurting. Then she could be...free.
Dominic Riccitello|Some days I wonder if I stopped writing about him, if I’d love him a little less.
Dominic Riccitello|Maybe I hold on for too long, but maybe you don’t hold on for long enough?
Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera|when a man", continued Raoul,"adopts such romantic methods to entice a young girl's affections. ..""The man must be either a villain, or the girl a fool: is that it?
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|The truth is, I feel myself being fascinated and repelled by her: She's both a mirror of myself and a door to part of this island that I'm not.
Fi.Z|Never knew the word Goodbye could scatter my heart into pieces. Just 1 word, could made me cry over you.
Nikki Rowe|You can't wake up miserable and expect something outside yourself to change that mood, you have to be willing to change that mood so you expect the best from your outside world.
Dominic Riccitello|Sometimes he does talk back, but sometimes he doesn’t. Sometimes he’s not there; and from time to time I believe this was all nothing but imaginary.
Shellie Palmer, The Poetry Diaries: The Journey Collection|So much of who I was then I'm not today, I've changed for the better through the years, I've grown spiritually. I look at people differently, everyone is unique in their own special way
Cindy Skaggs, Untouchable|Logan felt it, even if he wanted to deny it. His pupils were dilated and he stared at her like she was chocolate and tomorrow was the first day of Lent. Sure, she might be forbidden, but no one could withstand temptation forever. Not when it was so close. The car roared to life as Logan started it back onto the road. So he thought to ignore the attraction? Good luck. He might be a rule follower, but Sofia wasn’t. He didn’t stand a chance in hell.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|It's a crime, when you think about how little time we get, that a man should ever be bored. When you are lying on your death bead, I expect you regret those weeks wasted more than your worst mistakes.
Dominic Riccitello|As he stood in the darkness, his eyes glistened and that’s when I knew my light found its traction.
Dominic Riccitello|I danced as he twirled in and out of consciousness, and there we were, one in love and the other astray.
Dominic Riccitello|I’ve spent awhile trying to figure out where I’m going and the only thing I’ve come to realize is it doesn’t matter where, it’s how I get there.
Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.|Some people must dream broadly and guilelessly, if only to balance those who never dream at all.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Before and after you do your best, know it that you must rely on God. Your best - no matter how great - is nothing if you minus God from the equation.
Teddy Crispin|I think that the behavior of M. Alexis Tsípras is a chance for the European Union to question itself about what is wrong about the Europe of Euro, and to measure the human sufferings caused by a policy that is first and foremost monetarily driven and is wrong. In a just and democratic society, the citizen and his rights are center stage, not the economy.
Charlotte Eriksson|Some people make you want to be a better person, and that, for me, is the purest form of love.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Sometimes he wondered if he did these things just to test himself. To see if the feelings had gone. But they had not. When he saw her, he wanted to be with her; when he was with her, he ached to touch her; when he touched even her hand, he wanted to embrace her. He wanted to feel her against him the way he had in the attic. He wanted to know the taste of her skin and the smell of her hair. He wanted to make her laugh. He wanted to sit and listen to her talk about books until his ears fell off. But all these things he could not want, because they were things he could not have, and wanting what you could not have led to misery and madness.
Nikki Rowe|He who discovers the light, discovers life. He who discovers the dark, discovers death, Neither are wrong and neither are right; your perception is what will guide your path. Our minds are our tools, our hearts our truth and our instinct our guidance, don't let them fool you.
Dominic Riccitello|When you look in the mirror, do you look at yourself or for yourself?
Dominic Riccitello|I love you, but there will be a dozen more too.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|While you're waiting on opportunity, it might be waiting on you to come to it. Get up and go get it!
J.D. Cunegan, Bounty|By all means, tell the cops about the crazy robot lady with the black leather body suit and the Kill Bill sword. Hope you like straitjackets.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Becoming a man means doing the right thing even though it may be hard or difficult. Boys do what is easiest. A man does what is right, whether easy or not.
Nikki Rowe|Somewhere, someone is search for the pieces of you that mold well with theirs.
Dominic Riccitello|Sure, he might not have been perfect, but if I thought he was, isn’t that all that matters?
|No matter what life throws at you, never stop loving it. Obstacles are meant to be conquered.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Only you can know the difference between your wants and your needs, and your sacrifice of your life's time to both.
Set it off|Jack, be nimble, Jack, be quickJill's a little whore and her alibis are dirty tricks
Dara Reidyr|As time heads towards the cliff of the unknown, there are those who will be hated and pushed to the fringes. Those who look inward will have the advantage; seeking fulfillment anywhere else will only lead to a dead end and disillusionment. Those who are marginalized, are also uniquely gifted- focus on those gifts that will speak to the truth of the matter and stand your ground. Your intuition and consciousness bears light to the truth.
Jennifer   Wilson, New World: Rising|Once I had opened a book and read its pages, those characters could never be taken away from me. Even if the books were burned, they would still live on in my mind.
Nikki Rowe|There's something beautiful about facing tragedy, you crack open a new, you find yourself in the parts of you; that can finally be explored freely with out judgement or guilt. Where to from here doesn't exist & your not sure when it will return, but there's something beautiful in facing tragedy, a new type of being within you is born and one whom is more fearless than ever before.
Nikki Rowe|life - your gunna meet some two faced people, some bosses that make your soul cringe, some places you wished you'd never walked into... But then you'll grow, you'll learn that your gut instinct isn't nieve, your boss can ' fuck it' because your dreams are more important and the places you walked into unaware of chaos, will bring you to places of perfect peace. Hold on, the struggle won't last forever.
Nikki Rowe|I could give up, it's the easiest optionBut what would I achieve? Many sleepless nights holding regretOf all I didn't seek, That option will never exist to me; My dreams are far too real, Down the hard road I findMy place in the world; the closest To home Ill ever feel.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Old is old at any age. Old is when you quit asking questions about this, that, and everything. Old is when you forget how to love-or worse, don't care. Old is when you don't want to dance anymore. Old is when you don't want to learn anything new except how to be old. Old is when people tell you that you are old-and you believe them.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Even now that he is gone I have him still, in the richness of my memories. I've lived my life again just telling it to you.
scott mcgoldrick|I had zero idea of what I was doing.. I honestly had no idea where to start. All I knew was I had something I craved to say.. I wanted to create art that lived on longer than I do. Perseverance and teaching yourself, every day through stress and hard work proves shit really does progress without you realizing. One minute you're an amateur, knowing nothing, not even the basics. The next you can put pen to paper, write a song, and create art in such little time! It's crazy beautiful.
Nikki Rowe|i choose to focus my energy on what I believe deserves my time, life passes us by so quickly and before we know it; were looking back at our story, make sure the choices you decide on; will give you a movie worth watching.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Until you go and grow ‎MAD‬ with and in your true passion and purpose, you cannot enter the realm of meteority which is enemical to mediocrity.
Sara Keddar|I feel like we have to deal with things, so we realize change! Change comes after pain and pain comes after truth. Truth is hurtful.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, let your global & generational vision start locally, now.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|A good man lives for the joy in life and the happiness of being alive, not shackled to the wants of the future or the regrets of the past.
Nick Armbrister|If that poem idea is in your head NOW, write it down. Right now. Or lose it. For when it's gone, it's gone forever...
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Start with a brand new good-morning. To your husband or your wife. To your kids. To those you work with - and don't work with. What's the harm? How difficult is it? And it isn't, and you know it. So do it.
Nikki Rowe|We all have a vision, a dream to hope for. Some chase it and some wish upon it.. Who do you think, wins? the chaser finds ways to create it, regardless of the fight, the wisher finds way to excuse it, because courage doesn't fill their hearts.
Chas Scott, One Wife's Solution: Awakening|Reading a good book is an escape to an alternative life, writing a good book is the closest thing to actually living that life.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|You know there's got to be a better way of life - somewhere, sometime, somehow - but you're not exactly sure what better is.
Laura Marling|I think I’ll feel out of place wherever I go on earth, forever. But that’s fine. I have to make my peace with that.
Nikki Rowe|The details of my thoughts bled into thin pieces of paper, spread across miles to touch hearts of the people; who've lost their truest homes- themselves.
Carl Clinton Van Doren|Yes, its hard to write. But its harder not to.
Nikki Rowe|The hardest lesson to learn, is one where someone takes away your freedom; with out your consent... You grow, you ache, the pain never eases you just become strong, And one day you will wake up & all of a sudden all the darkness that surrounded you now surrounds the doer of the bad deed. Why...Because you forgave them, your free now.
Robert Gately|We live by the golden rule “do unto others as you would have them do unto you”. That phrase, unfortunately, falls short of our true ability to love and be loved. I think the best thing I can expect of any society is for its citizens to examine the most precious individual of their lot, one who they would protect with their lives and gladly die if needs be, and ask themselves, ‘how do we want others to treat this precious individual?’, the answer to which is how we would behave towards others. … This, for all practical intent, is my new golden rule. From Fillossofee: Messages from a Grandfather, by Robert Gately
Sarah Elizabeth, Don't Let Me Go|Kissing just like she laughs: honest, heartfelt and heartful, she pulls me down as I lift her up , and the hum she gives when my tongue finds hers makes every one of my nerves fire.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, you're either raising the bar of excellence or, you're exhaling at the bar which is expensive.
Shan Fazelbhoy, On the Rocks: Stories of Connections|Struggles and challenges are ordinary, it's how you deal with them that can make you extraordinary.
Laura Marling|I tend to be drawn to people who are similar. Very independent. And the ones who aren't, it doesn't work. It doesn't last. I’m drawn to quiet people – certainly I am now.
Robert Gately|It’s not the destination (of seeking the truth) that creates our dignity or integrity, it’s the journey. From Messages From a Grandfather, by Robert Gately
John Donne|Dear love, for nothing less than theeWould I have broke this happy dream;It was a themeFor reason, much too strong for fantasy,Therefore thou wak'd'st me wisely; yetMy dream thou brok'st not, but continued'st it.Thou art so true that thoughts of thee sufficeTo make dreams truths, and fables histories;Enter these arms, for since thou thought'st it best,Not to dream all my dream, let's act the rest.
Lady Gaga|Every year when i travel around the world, i wonder if it’ll be diferent, maybe one year won’t come to the show or you’ll be less festival, but what i realized during ARTPOP is that we belong together and some stories have no end. I will follow you around the world as long as you’ll have me because i love making music, i love making art and i love, love meeting all you beautiful, creative people“.
Laura Marling|I can’t do small talk really, and that’s fine. I've got old friends and family that love me, thank God. I’m grateful for what a city gives you access to, but I do feel that I’m only here until I figure out how to get out again.
Mustafa Said|It is much better to live in poverty and graduate to the middle class, than it is to live as a king and be demoted to the middle class.
Thomas Jefferson (?)|It is a wise man who said there is no inequality than the equal treatment of unequals.Fillossofee: Messages From a Grandfather, an ebook
Robert Gately|Hate is never an option for a truth seeker. It binds, stifles, constipates and causes the gears of philosophical progress to come to a grinding halt. From Fillossofee: Messages From a Grandfather - an ebook
Robert Gately|If I’m lucky, I philosophize about life’s principles on worthwhile standards that meet the test of time. I say, if I’m lucky, because I could be born into a world where principles are drilled into me at an early age and the idea of thinking for myself is not an option. From 'Fillossofee: Messages from a Grandfather' by Robert Gately
Robert Gately|Imagine a soldier who believes killing another human being is wrong, kills his first human being in war when he has never killed before. Worse still, imagine this same soldier has his enemy in his sites and the enemy appears defenseless. Here, he might be allowed the luxury to have that moment with himself to debate whether he should pull the trigger or not. But on another day he may not have that luxury. Imagine further, a soldier is in this situation because his father was a soldier, and his grandfather was a soldier, and he is trying to please them but, unlike them, he doesn’t believe killing people in war is right, yet there he is on the battlefield anyway where ‘killed or be killed’ leads the list in the army’s operation manual. So, he pulls the trigger anyway even though he’s categorically against killing another human being. And maybe this is the first time he’s compromised on such a high principle and he continues killing other people as long as he’s in the war and each time it becomes easier and easier until his principle, his absolute truth, is a motto not to live by, but one that is just a topic of conversation in a philosophy class or a backyard barbecue. War has changed him. From Messages From a Grandfather, by Robert Gately
Robert Gately|Bias rules our minds and causes us to overlook the obvious. From 'Fillossofee: Messages From a Grandfather', by Robert Gately
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|We're living tragedies, just passing time 'til our funerals.
Jay Kristoff, Endsinger|Dark now. Blacker than black, I know it. And words are tiny things in the face of all that dark and all that cold. But hear these words, little sister. Hear and know. Tomorrow is coming, just as fast as the turning of the sky. And as sure as it’s black now, the sun will rise. Always. No matter how faint the glow.
Samantha M. King|Negative people feed off of your anger, let them starve.
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|My wakeup call wasn’t some light switch of empowerment. From as early as preschool I feared that if I didn’t grow up to be the pretty princess men fawned over, I was a failure. That mentality was my disease. It got me raped. It made me feel dirty and devalued because my cherry wasn’t popped on a bed of rose petals. It fueled an adolescence juggling starvation and vomiting until my throat bled out and my stomach acid burned through the plumbing. It made me snort coke, smoke meth, and routinely gulp down narcotic petri dishes in hopes of obtaining hallucinogenic intimacy with junkie boyfriends. But most of all, it made me waste my youth chasing, obsessing over, fighting for, worshipping, clinging to, and crying over one after another loser. At some point, I just quit giving a fuck.
Dara Reidyr|Only those who are empty within, seek to suppress those around them
Dimitri Zaik|I was curious as to how my words started circulating at such an alarming rate. After all, every author waits to be discovered by someone. Anyone. And so I found myself smack bang in the middle of the mad hatters head, and as someone put it, Tumblr might actually be worse than that. But yes, futilely, I was attempting to discover the elusive origin of my words by tracing back notes until I came across my quote right next to a selfie of a stripper, or hooker, with a fox tail butt plug... and that was when I stopped.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|If time is money, how much is a lifetime?
Nikki Rowe|If you live everyday, with the capacity to stretch yourself past limitation and structure, you will find boundless opportunity is all the places that once scared you.
Dara Reidyr|To those who do not see, we are the enigma of society
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|My life views on sex, men, dating, and self-worth were sculpted with the unfiltered ramblings of a drunken misogynist.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|I love the thrill of impending, weightless doom...
Denice Envall|I’m sorry I broke you. It’s just that you’re so pretty, and I break pretty things.
Nikki Rowe|Truth is, life is going shake you, it will rip you right out of your comfort zone;just when you feel settled, it will shock you with some trauma and make you face adversity in the most undesirable of ways... And here is the question of it all? What's it all for... Not many search long enough to know but the wise ask you.. Are you going to be a slave to your journey or the pioneer to your dream, if God handed you a lesson ;he knew before your time, your strength could endure i. so next time you doubt another thought or feed your heart with negative emotions think about it... You are here, alive, breathing and if that's not enough than you should think about what is.
Nikki Rowe|if by chance I fall; I'll learn what I had to, get up, stand up and live the rest of my life.
Charlotte Eriksson|I want people to feel safe around me. Calm and at peace and I want to make people feel accepted. I want to express confidence on my own path, and spread confidence to other people on theirs.
Kamand Kojouri|Come, let us speak with our bodies.Teach me how to please you.I am here to learn.Let us not waste this time.It is the hour of union.ComeAnd after you do,Come again.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|You do care, you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it all.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I gather the last remnants of the evening’s breeze, so cool and lazy within my arms, feeling it curl up like a small and innocent kitten.
Sophia Amoruso|Feminism is a way of thinking and being, not a way of dressing. You know a feminist by her gaze, not her neckline.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Spring is a time to make up a big bouquet of flowers for someone you love, or are trying to love, or are in love with.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, your message, mindset and mandate is connected to your brand, business and brain.
Kyoko M., The Holy Dark|Listen and listen good, shitbrain. If you ever touch someone I love again, I will shove this cross down your throat and watch you choke on it. You want to know why a Prince of Hell wanted me so bad? Now you do. I’m not a nice girl. I’m a Seer. It is my job to save the people of the world from vultures like you. Now you take that back to whoever your boss is and let him come find me, if he’s stupid enough. I’ll bury you all if I have to.
Amber Silvia, Unspoken|You were a pain, then. You still are. You’re just a different kind of pain to me.
L V HALL|down unlit ,unmarked & forgotten roads of REASON & PURPOSE
Ellen Hopkins|...Every word an author writes causes ripples, like tossing a stone into a pond. And you don't know where they'll go, or who they'll touch, or when they might come back to you. I think everything you do is kind of like that, too.
Stormie Omartian|No matter what’s going on in your life, remember that salvation isn’t only something Jesus did for you; it’s Jesus living in you.
Amber Silvia, Unspoken|You must really love this guy, huh? I mean, to be crying as ugly as you are?
Vaun Murphrey|Distance is meaningless, as is time, when minds and souls intertwine.”-Gerome in CHANGELING-
James Dashner, The Death Cure|Newt...""Do it before I become one of them!""I...""KILL ME!" And then Newt's eyes cleared, as if he'd gained one last trembling gasp of sanity, and his voice softened."Please, Tommy. Please."With his heart falling into a black abyss, Thomas pulled the trigger.
Ryan Lilly, Write like no one is reading|I've never written a quote I feel would be suitable for my gravestone. Wouldn't it be ironic if it were this one? Oh, and could you pull a few weeds while you're here?
George Washington Carver|How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.
Denice Envall|Sticks and stones may break my bones, but your words will always kill me.
Yuvaraja Dhayanithi, Merjella|Expressing anger is an art. The more grace you apply to it, the more effective it shall be.
Gayathri Jayakumar, Blossoms In The Mist|My love will not wither awayLike the momentous beauty of a Rose,But I am the weed, no matter how much you pluck awayIt sprouts again and grows…"-(Precious Love)
Rick Riordan|Victory must be real. It must be earned. That means it must be rare and difficult, against steep odds, and defeat must be the other.
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|The knife will only hurt for a moment. Then your choice will be made, and it will all be over.
Ryan Lilly|Quotes are echos of voices transporting wisdom, humor, and love. Returning again to the human condition, fleeting once more as a dove.
Ryan Lilly|A quote is a story, suspended in a sentence and treasured through time.
Eric Vance Walton|f you don't think outside of the box, you may just get stuck inside of a cubicle.
Eric Vance Walton|Each day's dawn is a sweet symphony and as long as I hear the music, my dreams will have to die another day.
Laure Lacornette|We are the result of millions of years of evolution, people died to offer us the chance to have a better life and here's what we did of it all !We didn't even realized that freedom, nowadays, is nothing more than an illusion. We are the slaves of money, of economy, of lobbies, medias and time.Our thoughts and dreams are our only freedom.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|In fairy tales the evil characters disappear or die, in reality, evil spreads while you wait for your hero on a horse, only to realise the sword to save yourself was always in your hand...
Debasish Mridha|Give much, demand little.
Debasish Mridha|The more you give, the more you will have to give.
Debasish Mridha|When we spend money we lose them forever, when we give them away, we will have them forever.
Debasish Mridha|When you give without expectation, you will always have more to give away.
Debasish Mridha|The more you give, the more you will have the ability to give.
Debasish Mridha|Give with love, give with smile, give freely, it is our duty and responsibility to humanity.
Debasish Mridha|To have more, give moreTo be happy, love more.
Debasish Mridha|More often than not, how you give is more important than what you give.
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|She's a sailboat and I'm an anchor, pulling us both down.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|Put all your pain on a piece of paper, write it all down, every experience, every ache, every hurtful moment. Then take a match, and set fire to that piece of paper. All the hurt you have inside you is burning just as it burnt inside of you, until it is completely gone. From this moment forward you are free. Nothing can harm you. No past. No present. No future. You are reborn into water, and nothing in the entirety of this world can set fire to water, nor crush it. Whatever pressures you face, you will float. Whatever tries to sink you, you will rise up. Today, right now, in this moment, you are a warrior. Now smile, it will set fire to those who sought to burn you...
Jonathan Harnisch, Sex, Drugs, and Schizophrenia|We all have problems, but let's not kid ourselves: it's how we deal with them that makes the difference.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|Some people are lucky to find love, others must settle with being liked...
Onyi Anyado|With the world now a global village, your vision has to transcend different races and faces in different places around the world.
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|But you should know that about Dauntless- girl, guy, whatever, it doesn't matter here. What matters is what you've got in your gut.
Ravi|Well when my death is in front, I just want to turn back to my life, And say the last thing, looking in to its lens that, “Life oh my life, Nobody would have ever painted this life as beautiful as i did”. Good Bye-Ravi
Soraya Diase Coffelt|My late husband and I started our sons off as readers at a very young age. Today, they are voracious readers.
Debasish Mridha|A little hope and love now and thenWise and beautiful, more than often.
Debasish Mridha|Hope is the light, which shows the way of life.
Debasish Mridha|A baby is the symbol of the future, hope for the future, and our opinion in the future.
Debasish Mridha|Hope is the thread between life and death,As long as hope is alive we take breath.
Debasish Mridha|Hope for joy, desire beauty.Love much, live for eternity.
Debasish Mridha|When there is destruction, hope for a great creations.
Debasish Mridha|Future belongs to those who live with hopes and dreams, act on those dreams and hopes until those are a reality.
Debasish Mridha|I am an optimist, I always hope for the best.
Debasish Mridha|When hope is gone, life is done.Keep hope alive to have a happy life.
Debasish Mridha|Hope is the magic of life, it keeps us alive.
Debasish Mridha|I believe that hope, imagination, and dreams create our destiny.
Debasish Mridha|We came to the world with love and hopeWe are the creation of hope, faith and love.
Debasish Mridha|When you're alive hope is smiling for a great life.So don't delay, hope for the best, take actions and have a great life.
Dr. Seuss|You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child.
Debasish Mridha|Let us hope for the best, let us dream and go for the quest.
Latin quote|Aut viam inveniam aut faciam.""I shall either find away, or make one
Debasish Mridha|Hope is a flower bud in the garden of the mind, waiting to bloom in the morning sun.
Debasish Mridha|If there is no dream, there will be no hope. If there is no hope there will be no life.
Debasish Mridha|Hope is like a beautiful flower. If we take great care of our hope, life could be a beautiful garden.
Debasish Mridha|Hopes are plants, which need care, love, and irrigation.
Augusten Burroughs|I want to write something that means something to someone...the reminds them of what a second, a moment, really is...or that assures them that we are just as lost as they are. I want to write an emotion they are too fragile to let loose, so that my words can do the expression for them, the feeling for them. I want to write beyond the basics and the cliches...I want to write you, I want to write a long walk on a starry night, I want to write an exhale or an inhale...or suffocation.I want to write as clear as my voice could be heard...that is, if I had anything to say.
Pushkar Saraf|People say you have expensive tastes.My Humble reply : I appreciate fine art, and fine art is not cheap.
Swami Satchitananda|Paths are many, Truth is ONE!
Michael Tennant|When true trust has been established, you become one
LordBloodySoul|A god should not favor any race, any being or any human.A god should not encourage hate, murder, worship or zealotry.A god who does so has no right to be called a god at all.
Charlotte Eriksson|I am a worried person with a stressed out soul, living a simple life with no capital.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|Park stood up when she got to their row, and as soon as she sat down, he took her hand and kissed it. It happened so fast, she didn't have time to die of ecstasy or embarrassment.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|If we followed our feelings all the time, we'd be like cats chasin' their tails.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|I will build the best Potemkin village for you, my love!
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|No, you become a man when you first decide to put away the things of childhood, the talk of childhood, and the thoughts of childhood. You decide because you cannot be treated as both a man and a boy. Because you are either one or the other, but you are not both . . .
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|Death, you know, keeps secrets better even than a guilty Roman.
Tanya Masse|Your opinion should be based on what you see with your own eyes, hear with your own ears & feel with your own heart.
Isaac Marion|To be or not to be, that is the question: to go on living, fighting against this sea of troubles, or to die and end everything? Why be afraid of death? To die is to sleep, no more. Perhaps to dream? Yes, that's the problem: in that sleep of death, what dreams will come?
Fanny Fern|Would a harsh word ever fall from lips which now breathed only love? Would the step whose lightest footfall now made her heart leap, ever sound in her ear like a death knell?
Susan Richards Shreve|Be pleasant, patient, and professional, please.
Master Oogway|Yesterday is history,tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift... that's why they call it present
Gillian Flynn|I’ve grown quite weary of the spunky heroines, brave rape victims, soul-searching fashionistas that stock so many books. I particularly mourn the lack of female villains — good, potent female villains. Not ill-tempered women who scheme about landing good men and better shoes (as if we had nothing more interesting to war over), not chilly WASP mothers (emotionally distant isn’t necessarily evil), not soapy vixens (merely bitchy doesn’t qualify either). I’m talking violent, wicked women. Scary women. Don’t tell me you don’t know some. The point is, women have spent so many years girl-powering ourselves — to the point of almost parodic encouragement — we’ve left no room to acknowledge our dark side. Dark sides are important. They should be nurtured like nasty black orchids.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Sometimes it's good to lose something/someone. Because we get what we deserve, not what we desire for.
Charlotte Eriksson|... and you might say “no, you will never do that, that’s not you, not who I know, not who I thought you were”and I will say“watch me”for I never did this to fit inor stand outbut to live.
Charlotte Eriksson|You are to me like white islands, in a world of vast darkness.
Rose in The Inspired Caregiver|Never give up hope! If you do, you be dead already.
Glen Duncan, I, Lucifer|Extraordinary what the body remembers. The bones loded with love, grief silting the arteries, fear the bowels' recurring mould. Who would have thought mere flesh and blood could hold so much of psyche's ghostly script?
Zachary Kroonenburg|Pessimism is the key to see what really goes on within our world, the lies and manipulation that circles us all is exposed
Kieran Jamie Lee, Igloos in the Summer|life is like a teabag; you end up dead, replaced and forgotten.
Raven K. Asher, The Invisible Butterfly|When you have those moments just think of me, call or text me when you feel weak and I will always be there for you. Nothing about this will be easy, life is hard, we just feel it more than most because our souls have been broken and are raw.
Kevin Dellinger, Your Soul Mate|Behold my Love which traveled by Sudden Days. I wash away my withered cold Hands to a Warm Embrace of You, My Eternal Summer!
Angelica Hopes|Corruption free" will truly be in a future impossible tense because many people re-elect unscrupulous politicians!In the end because of blind immunity to reality and impunity of "justified" corruptions in the government, it is always the hard working, suffering, struggling, less privileged citizens who are all the sacrificial lamb in times of disaster and calamities through their well catered embezzlement system.
Charlotte Eriksson|Find something you love and go for it with all your heart. No excuses, no plan B. Never settle for anything less than you know you can do.It will be hard, but I promise it will be worth it.
Joss Sheldon, 'Involution & Evolution': A rhyming anti-war novel|No thanky-you; you can't overcome hatred with more hatred. Force can kill the liar but not the lie, the hater but not the hate, and the violent but not the violence. Hate begets hate, violence begets violence, and war begets war.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|There's so much to learn. So much to enjoy. So terribly much to be curious about. Take your life and run with it. Make a habit of being alive. This much of anything, I have learned. And am still learning.
scott mcgoldrick|I think as a society we forget that men also have daddy issues, they've also had bad childhoods, they're vulnerable beings.. They also need love. We are made to think men don't have a hard time, and that's mainly because we've trained them not to show emotion, not to shed a tear.. but I can assure you, we men break down just like every other being. We get depressed. We get heartbroken, we get scared, lonely, butterflies.. We feel every emotion just as women do.
Colleen Hoover|As an author, I want to write what I’m inspired to write. Not what my readers want me to write. I feel like the books will ultimately be better if my heart is fully into what I’m writing.
Kevin W. Reese|Money, food, and sex are overrated. They become attachments that enslave the untrained mind. Freedom has no cravings.” – Kevin W. Reese
Ben Abix|Learned and sociological accepted lines, boundaries, internal perimeters, and partitions diminish the creative space within our minds that's poised and ready.
J.C. Reed, The Lover's Game|In life there might be rules. In love there are no exceptions to those rules. No one is spared from heartbreak. We all suffer it at some point or another. You simply can't control who you love and in particular, you can't control what kind of person they are.
Kevin W. Reese|We spend the first half of our lives making ourselves sick, and the second half of our lives trying to make ourselves un-sick.” – Kevin W. Reese
J.C. Reed, The Lover's Game|Love grants us the power to forgive, to love when we’re hurt, but it also gives us the courage to let go, and the understanding that to love, we love freely—at our own choice.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|KIDS. They know a BRIBE when they see one. They want a PARENT, not a PAY-OFF. They don’t care if you’re Jack-King-Rodeo or Mister-You-Own-New-York. All they understand is time spent WITH YOU or WITHOUT YOU. It’s that SIMPLE.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Divine Separations|Thoughts, intentions or feelings cannotcomprehend God but they can see and acknowledge the works of God.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Make doing your best a habit, and you’ll never know not doing your best.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The pathway to a truly successful life is to yearn, learn and earn.
Annie Lang, Bookworms Know Stuff!|There's a story behind every Bookworm"!
D. Antoinette Foy|I wear the universe backwards. I imagine putting stars in my coffee, and sugar in the sky. I imagine going fishing in clouds, and watching the sun hide behind lakes. I'm too busy dancing with my imagination to even tip toe with reality for a second. They say I'm going mad. They're right.
Mackenzie Herbert, Chasing Trains|I wanted to say something to make her pain go away and make everything better. But, I realized that there was no answer. Bad things happen to good people. Rain always falls on the people who deserve nothing less than the sun.
Abbey Lee Kershaw|I like people with depth, I like people with emotion, I like people with a strong mind, an interesting mind, a twisted mind, and also people that can make me smile.
Charlotte Eriksson|I am constantly torn between the will to be seen and still hidden so god damn well, a contradiction I never figured out.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|And then also, again, still, what are those boundaries, if they’re not baselines, that contain and direct its infinite expansion inward, that make tennis like chess on the run, beautiful and infinitely dense? The true opponent, the enfolding boundary, is the player himself. Always and only the self out there, on court, to be met, fought, brought to the table to hammer out terms. The competing boy on the net’s other side: he is not the foe: he is more the partner in the dance. He is the what is the word excuse or occasion for meeting the self. As you are his occasion. Tennis’s beauty’s infinite roots are self-competitive. You compete with your own limits to transcend the self in imagination and execution. Disappear inside the game: break through limits: transcend: improve: win. Which is why tennis is an essentially tragic enterprise… You seek to vanquish and transcend the limited self whose limits make the game possible in the first place. It is tragic and sad and chaotic and lovely. All life is the same, as citizens of the human State: the animating limits are within, to be killed and mourned, over and over again…Mario thinks hard again. He’s trying to think of how to articulate something like: But then is battling and vanquishing the self the same as destroying yourself? Is that like saying life is pro-death? … And then but so what’s the difference between tennis and suicide, life and death, the game and its own end?
John Fowles, The French Lieutenant's Woman|Thus it had come about that she had read far more fiction, and far more poetry, those two sanctuaries of the lonely, than most of her kind.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Spirit|The melodious song mesmerized me and cloaked my soul in a most liberating embrace I had never known. The emotion enveloped me, and smothered the emptiness.
Harmon Okinyo|What is MONEY? a piece of PAPER, a chunk of METAL or just some bits and bytes.It’s been called the ROOT OF ALL EVIL, but it can also help UPROOT ALL EVIL.It can’t buy you HAPPINESS or LOVE, but some fall in LOVE WITH IT anyway.It can CHANGE who you are, help find out WHO YOU really are.It can ENSLAVE you, and FREE you.It can open DOORS, buy you DOORS, But it won’t tell you what to do once you are INSIDE, CONTROL you and give you CONTROL.It can give you the power to say YES and the freedom to say NO.It’s EVERYTHING ……………. and NOTHING. Because MONEY is just money
Chris     Martin, See You Soon|We don't tell anyone the darker side of things. We've been through all the breakups and addictions and all that. But we have a chemistry that no one else in the world has. So we don't mess with it." - Chris Martin
Hotta Kiichi 堀田 きいち|Well, it's not like I ignore them on purpose. It's just that no one's voice resounds in my heart.—Asaba Yuuki, (Kimi to Boku, #1)
Scarlett Finn|Can I quote myself...? Oh wait, I think I just did.
Holli True, Reckless|Everything about her always seemed to dance. Her lips as she spoke, her eyes as she laughed, even her hands as she made the cup of coffee I just ordered.
M.H. Rakib, Pakistan|Around our enthusiasm, are the ways to surround our destinies.
Tracey-anne McCartney|When I lost you...my world darkened beyond any known shade of black, and the only light that I have seen since is you...
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Actually, all the life we keep deceiving eachother. Because, life is too short to hate someone.
Hotta Kiichi, 君と僕。 1|Just because he's good at something, doesn't necessarily mean he likes doing it.->> Azuma-sensei, (Kimi to Boku, #1)
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|We should try to live a life of a human once before we die, because there is a difference between having a life and living a life.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|For a free PALESTINEYour tears,I want to dry it.If I could make a deal with God.Your freedom,I would like to return it to you.If I could make a deal with God.
Ryan Lilly|I'm considering writing a self-help book and giving people 20 cents to read it. This way, I can be sure they all get new paradigms.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For those who sit on the stairs, a good quote is a strong invitation to stand up and to go up the stairs!
Mike Basevic, No Limits, Mastering the Mental Edge|They sky is never falling...thing will work out, they ALWAYS work out. Stay focused, accept everything as perfect and keep moving forward toward the direction of your goals.
J.D. Stroube|Over the years, I learned to smile or laugh when I was supposed to. I kept my true self hidden; I did not need to unleash my pain on the world around me. Instead, I taught myself to ignore it. I did not realize that the pain was eating away at my soul.
Ellen Hopkins, Impulse|Sometimes,you don't wake up.But if you happento, you know thingswill never bethe same.
Sarah MacLean, One Good Earl Deserves a Lover|Temptation turns you. It makes you into something you never dreamed, it presses you to give up everything you ever loved, it calls you to sell your soul for one, fleeting moment.[..] It makes you ache...you'll make any promise,swear any oath. For one...perfect...unsoiled taste
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|You seem more...optimistic than usual," I observed. "I haven't seen you like this before.""Isn't it supposed to be like this?" He smiled. "The glory of first love, and all that. It's incredible, isn't it, the difference between reading about something, seeing it in pictures, and experiencing it?
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Spirit|These were people who hunted for a way to erase the haunted, malnourished gaze from their souls and replace it with their faith in freedom and safety.
Jakub Marian, 333 Wittiest Quotable Quotes|[An example of misattribution:]If you don’t know the source of a quote,you can always make it sound better by attributing it to me.— Mark Twain
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Overcoming the Challenges of Life|You are a special breed that has never been. You are the highest stratum of the society. You belong to a class that is beyond compare. You are full of superiority that gives especial worth which is meritoriously near the standard or model and eminently good of its kind. You are an expression of distinction, the perfection of superbness and effulgence of class. You are meant for the highest crown of success, created for affecting lives, configured for goodness, packaged to be set apart and set great store by, and ordained to be widely known and honored for greater achievement. You are a rare breed with divine and inherent ability to reign, rule, dominate and prosper in every way of life.
James Hilton, Lost Horizon|Then the whole range, much nearer now, paled into fresh splendor; a full moon rose, touching each peak in succession like some celestial lamplighter, until the long horizon glittered against a blue-black sky.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Spirit|In that smooth fortress of glass, I caught a glimpse of my corruption gripping steel, which before I had thought of as my salvation, but now represented my obliteration.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Girls are pearls, ladies are rubies, mothers are moulders, and women are wonderful.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|You can do something, but not everything.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|If you are not innovating, you are deteriorating.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Yesterday is gone, live for today and leave a legacy for tomorrow.
Masood Azam|If it doesn't sound insane, I would only talk about you and the only word which would come out of my mouth, will be your name.
A.F. Stewart, Fairy Tale Fusion|I’m Detective Piper of the Fairyland Metro Police, and I've been called in to investigate the incident of the missing frog prince…
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Dream young. Don't settle for old - for to be old is to be superstitious and without curiosity and always questioning your faith. And be ferocious in your dreaming - run like a sun's explosion, and skip across bluing waves, and dance upon tips of swan feathers.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The utility of adversity is to draw inspiration, wisdom and strength from it.
Marvin    Brown|I’ve always had a vivid imagination in terms of storytelling, but thankfully I learned early on that imagination can be stifled or enhanced by one’s writing ability—what I call word work. My goal from then on was to make sure my writing skills were up to speed with my imagination.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|You know, there's a word for big, strong men who attack women, and it's coward.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Why would you come to Italy to see Spanish steps? That's like going to China for Mexican food, isn't it?
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Who's possessing who now, Casper?
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|I mean, I can understand not being as pricey as Percy or Jason, maybe... but am I worth, like, two Franks, or three Franks?
Louise Philippe Dulay|There's more than what the eye can see, the heart can love, and the brain can understand.
Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|Society in itself is no great harm, but unsatisfied social aspirations are a bad and ugly business. We must certainly accept, and we will.
F.C.|You will face hard times in life. Sometimes they are supposed to come, sometimes not. Get through them no matter what, 'cause the good life is always on the other side.
Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|Just imagine the existence of a man - let us call him A - who has left youth far behind, and of a woman whom we may call B, who is young and happy and has seen nothing as yet of life or of the world. Family circumstances of various kinds brought them together, and he grew to love her as a daughter, and had no fear that his love would change its nature. But he forgot that B was so young, that life was still a May-game to her and that it was easy to fall in love with her in a different way, and that this would amuse her. He made a mistake and was suddenly aware of another feeling, as heavy as remorse, making its way into his heart, and he was afraid. He was afraid that their old friendly relations would be destroyed, and he made up his mind to go away before that happened.
Na'ama Yehuda|You cannot fight hate and violence with more hate and violence, any more than you can conquer darkness with more darkness. Adding darkness only increases blackness. To subtract shadow, add light.
Srinidhi.R, Dream of Rainbows|Rainbows are said to be beautiful!Rainbows are said to be colourful!Rainbows may possibly be magical!But, I have never seen a rainbow appearing in the sky!
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|But whatever the reason, it felt surreal
Isa Zapata|Each day is a brand new opportunity to create a better version of yourself. Do not put so much pressure on your shoulders, make one ilttle change at a time.
Patricia Gaffney, The Saving Graces|All my life I've wanted to tell people I love them. Fear usually held me back, that they wouldn't care, or they wouldn't hear, or they would take too much from me once they knew.
Takatsu|No matter what happens or what we go through, there is always a miracle waiting for us. The miracle is you.
Patricia Gaffney, The Saving Graces|Never throw love away, never neglect it. Never assume you'll find better love somewhere else. Take it wherever you're lucky enough to find it, and always try to return it in kind. Don't take so much for granted.
Meg Rosoff|We couldn’t believe our luck, and for a little while it felt like we were on some big train rolling down a hill, and all we cared about was how great it felt to be going fast.
Isa Zapata|When you cultivate love and kindness in your heart, everything around you becomes love and kindness.
Isa Zapata|Dreams and goals must come from the heart, not fom ego,
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|But more importantly in my book of life, it's what you can't buy with money that is often more important than what you can buy.
S.G. Holster|When I thought I felt better, grief shot its silver tip arrow at my heart to remind me that it was still there.”Excerpt From: Holster, S.G. “Thirty Seconds to Die.” iBooks. This material may be protected by copyright.Check out this book on the iBooks Store
Robert M. Drake|Maybe one day we’ll find that place, where you and I could be together and we’ll catch our dreams within the waves of change. So hear me, you are not alone.
Robert M. Drake|The chaos in me is the chaos in you. Like the love in you is the love in me. So maybe we’re both a little crazy. Enough to believe we’re found where dreams are born and beneath our faults remain a science, where you and I will run away and leave nothing behind.
Robert M. Drake|Ill love you with every little bit of everything that has ever consumed me and I will forever love you and forever find you in every life time and so on. Until the stars die out and the universe leaps but even then, my love will remain.
Robert M. Drake|The more I learned the less I felt I knew you and I got lost counting stars, I fell dreaming. Sometimes I’d wander away. Maybe I wasn’t ready or maybe it was just a hard time to love. You always reminded me of home and I could never fathom the reasoning behind your smile. Perhaps one day, if we believe enough, we’ll find our way.
Robert M. Drake|She had more of me then I had of myself. We were both wild birds chasing the stars. We’d lose our way and find new places, close our eyes and fall back towards a constellation of dreams. We wrapped ourselves in a blanket of passion and each night we fell deeper without control, into this strange space called love.
Robert M. Drake|Every broken piece of me fell on every broken piece of you and when I took the missing parts, like the emptiness of me I saw the emptiness of you and I poured my half upon you to fill you whole. I risked it all just to dream you complete and catch you one day free in the wild.
Robert M. Drake|That night I didn’t say anything. I just watched you leave and in the end, I just stayed sleeping awake. Somewhere between a sweet dream and a beautiful nightmare, hoping one day you’d return to rid me of the demons you left behind.
Robert M. Drake|She got inside me with her story. I could feel her flowing in me and far, faraway I related in parallel. Her smile was a reflection of my own brokenness. It defined buried feelings that I could never ignore.
Robert M. Drake|The fear of loving a dog, is knowing one day they’ll be gone and you could never find eyes that express all that you feel.
Robert M. Drake|I wrote her story because she wanted to live forever and I loved her far more with every word, too much! Even in death her life sought out beauty, for her moments were consumed with love and I could never write such a story without her stars flaming in my heart.
