Chris Dee, Cat-Tales Book 1|People who live in the night are acquainted with all kinds of quiet. There’s quiet enough to hear the distant traffic. Quiet enough to hear your breathing. Quiet enough to hear a lover’s heartbeat. There’s please-god-don’t-let-me-die quiet, and can’t-remember-her-name quiet. Is-he-lying quiet and can’t-make-rent quiet. There’s the quiet that inspires poets, and quiet that torments the lonely.
Colette Dowling, The Cinderella Complex: Women's Hidden Fear of Independence|Given our socialization into dependency, women are also poor risk takers. (...) We avoid new situations, job changes, moves to different parts of the country. Women are afraid that if they should make a mistake, or do "the wrong thing", they'll be pun
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|You're reacted to the fear, but you haven't ever faced it and put it into the fight perspective. You have to make up your mind to overcome it.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Mother Night|There are plenty of good reasons for fights," I said, "but no good reason to hate without reservation, to imagine that God Almighty Himself hates with you, too. Where's evil? It's that large part of every man that wants to hate without limit, that wants to hate with God on its side. It's that part of every man that finds all kinds of ugliness so attractive."It's that part of an imbecile," I said, "that punishes and vilifies and makes war gladly.
Susan Meissner, Stars Over Sunset Boulevard|... love and fear can sometimes feel the same, but each will lead a person to take different actions. When a decision h as to be made, fear usually motivates me to choose what is best for me, whereas love motivates me to choose what is best for another person. Fear urges me to hang on, white knuckled, to what is mine, while love can actually lead me to let go.... when you hold something you love tightly to your chest for fear of losing it, you actually risk crushing it against you.
Mike Carey, The Unwritten, Vol. 1: Tommy Taylor and the Bogus Identity|Fear is a serviceable tool, I suppose. Like the stalls in a battery farm. If you want to keep people from their collective strength, make them too afraid of each other to ever meet or talk.
Alexander Freed, Star Wars - Battlefront - Twilight Company|Fear was like heat applied to steal: Applied correctly it might forge a blade; overused, it turned metal to slag.
Anaïs Nin, A Woman Speaks: The Lectures, Seminars and Interviews of Anaïs Nin|We ought to be much more fearful of what we don’t know. We should really be fearful of an unconscious that inhabits us, that guides us, that influences our life and of which we don’t know the face and don’t know the message. Actually I have much less fear since I confronted fears. What’s frightening to me is people whose unconscious leads them, destroys them, and yet they will never stop and look at it. That’s the minotaur in the labyrinth, which many people never come face to face with. There was a very remarkable percussion composer, Edgar Varese, who always mocked psychology, mocked psychoanalysis, mocked psychiatry. He was satirical about it, wouldn’t have any of it. And yet his whole life pattern was self-destructive. He was an innovator and a tremendous musician. But he blocked himself. His biography is out now, and you can see the pattern. You can see this demon that was driving him, the origin of it. He seemed to be a very fearless, strong, tremendous tempered man with great force; he even looked like a Corsican bandit. But he had no power over the forces that were pushing him. That is what frightens me.
Kaoru Kurimoto, The Battle of Nospherus|If his men could have seen his young face under his faceplate, or if they could have heard the silent curses rolling off his tongue, they would have realized to their astonishment that their captain, only twenty years of age but already famous and formidable, was crying. Astrias's tears were tears of burning fury. The rage he felt that hour he would never forget for his whole life thereafter.
Altaf ul qadti|Life's not all about happiness. Take the sad and pain too. But never forget the Almighty ALLAH. Speak to him about every fear,dream and hope
Steven Erikson, Deadhouse Gates|We go to partake of death. And it is in these moments, before the blades are unsheated, before blood wets the ground and screams fill the air, that the futility descends upon us all. Without our armor, we would all weep.
Susan Meissner, Stars Over Sunset Boulevard|That's what we did, didn't we, Audrey? We learned to be brave when it was easier to be afraid.
Hunter S. Thompson, Kingdom of Fear: Loathsome Secrets of a Star-Crossed Child in the Final Days of the American Century|Coming of age in a fascist police state will not be a barrel of fun for anybody, much less for people like me, who are not inclined to suffer Nazis gladly and feel only contempt for the cowardly flag-suckers who would gladly give up their outdated freedom to live for the mess of pottage they have been conned into believing will be freedom from fear.Ho ho ho. Let's not get carried away here. Freedom was yesterday in this country. Its value has been discounted. The only freedom we truly crave today is freedom from Dumbness. Nothing else matters.
Sunday Adelaja|If you know who you are, it reduces your fear of trials
Sunday Adelaja|If we know who we are and have gone through a process of self-identification in accordance with the creator’s plan, we will no longer undervalue ourselves or be afraid
Angie Thomas, The Hate U Give|I’ve seen it happen over and over again: a black person gets killed just for being black, and all hell breaks loose. I’ve Tweeted RIP hashtags, reblogged pictures on Tumblr, and signed every petition out there. I always said that if I saw it happen to somebody, I would have the loudest voice, making sure the world knew what went down.Now I am that person, and I’m too afraid to speak.
Paula Stokes, Ferocious|We’re like magnets, you know. Only I’m spinning, so I keep pulling you in and then pushing you away. I like you, but then you hurt me, so I run. I like you, but then something makes things feel impossible, so I turn away. And you. You’re so constant. Your orientation never wavers. You feel what you feel and you want what you want without hesitation or doubt. God, I envy that. I feel like if someone stripped away my hesitation and doubt that there’d be nothing left.
Kamand Kojouri|My love, you are driving the entire world mad. The nightingales are committing suicide one by one out of jealousy of your voice. The roses took one glance at your beauty and folded themselves from shame. The trees now only whisper your name and the sky hasn’t stopped crying since you looked up. Have pity on us, my love. We have already broken all the mirrors and glass out of fear that you will forget us and fall in love with yourself once you see what we all cannot stop seeing.
Paula Stokes, Ferocious|I think about the way Baz teased me earlier, how he wanted to know what it felt like to have someone who would do anything for me. Maybe it sounds comforting to know there is a person out there who would risk his life to protect you—a person who would back off when you asked and then come to you when you changed your mind. Especially when that person is as kind and decent as Jesse. The truth is, it’s terrifying. It’s just one more opportunity for me to be a monster.
Clare Mackintosh, I See You|How fast can you run?When you really have to?In heels and a work skirt, with your bag banging against your side: how fast?When you’re late for your train and you have to get home, and you race down the platform with seconds to spare: how fast can you run?What if it isn’t a train you’re running for, but your life?If you’re late home from work, and there’s no one in sight. If you haven’t charged your phone and no one knows where you are. If the footsteps behind you are getting closer, and you know, because you do it every day, that you’re on your own; that between the platform and the exit you won’t see another soul.If there’s breath on your neck, and the panic is rising, and it’s dark, and cold, and wet.If it’s just the two of you.Just you, and whoever’s behind you.Whoever is chasing you.How fast could you run then?It doesn’t matter how fast.Because there’s always someone who can run faster.
Alan W. Watts, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|Suppressing the fear of death makes it all the stronger. The point is only to know, beyond any shadow of doubt, that "I" and all other "things" now present will vanish, until this knowledge compels you to release them - to know it now as surely as if you had just fallen off the rim of the Grand Canyon. Indeed you were kicked off the edge of a precipice when you were born, and it's no help to cling to the rocks falling with you. If you are afraid of death, be afraid. The point is to get with it, to let it take over - fear, ghosts, pains, transience, dissolution, and all.
Akshay Vasu|Those who were afraid of the dark and always refused to throw themselves inside it. Never got to see and feel how beautiful it is, to meet and greet one's own demons.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|I don’t want to be told when I wake up, terrified by a dream of total annihilation, because of the H-bomb exploding, that people felt that way about the cross-bow. It isn’t true. There is something new in the world. And I don’t want to hear, when I’ve had an encounter with some mogul in the film industry, who wields the kind of power over men’s minds that no emperor ever did, and I come back feeling trampled on all over, that Lesbia felt like that after an encounter with her wine-merchant. And I don’t want to be told when I suddenly have a vision (though God knows it’s hard enough to come by) of a life that isn’t full of hatred and fear and envy and competition every minute of the night and the day that this is simply the old dream of the golden age brought up to date …
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|As I was saying, that’s the dark secret of our time, no one mentions it, but every time one opens a door one is greeted by a shrill, desperate and inaudible scream.
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|I've learned that to be courageous is to feel fear within, every step of the way. Courage does not take over, it fights and struggles through every word you say and every step you take. It's a battle or a dance as to whether to let it pervade. It takes courage to overcome, but it takes extreme fear to be courageous.
Zoe Cruz, Beastia|At this point, I realize: He is making a monster of me.
Zoe Cruz, Beastia|I’ll rid the world of each one of you,” he whispered. “Every single one…
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Stop groveling, stop whining and start working!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We can certainly run from a lot of things. But when we eventually pull up exhausted and entirely out of breath, we are rather shocked to discover that we haven’t been able to create any distance between ourselves and what we’ve been running from regardless of how fast we might have been running and how far we think we might have gotten.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I spend a tremendous amount of time carefully choosing the roles I wish to play so that I can run from the role I was born to play. And if I keep on doing that, I will eventually set foot in my grave never having set foot on the stage.
April White, Cheating Death|The power to compel is not the same thing as leadership, and one does inspire the other. You are not a leader, Walters, you are a bully and a coward of the worst kind. the fear you believe you inspire is merely the fear in which you constantly live, and it undermines the very leadership you profess to have. Strip a bully of his pulpit and he becomes a cowering, quivering thing... You will never lose the fear because it defines you, and the very things you seek to annihilate will be those which ultimately destroy you.
Kevin Focke, A Salmon Amongst Trouts|Fear is like a little germ in your head, allow it to grow and it takes over your all.
April White, Cheating Death|Look around you at the people you've been taught to hate, because hate is just a cloak that hides fear.
Angelo Codevilla|The point of Political Correctness is not and has never been merely about any of the items that it imposes, but about the imposition itself. (The Rise of Political Correctness)
Ivor A. Richards, Richards on Rhetoric: I.A. Richards: Selected Essays (1929-1974)|This essay is intended to serve as a reminder that immense and threatening divisions in mankind can spring from differences between virtues as well as from envies and greeds. When the virtues on each part are largely inapprehensible by the other, the danger is heightened by Man's natural fear of what he does not understand, and his inclination to suppose it not worth understanding. To attack it easier than to study. There are also, in this case of China and the West, intense and complex cultural vanities on both sides to be taken into account: vanities largely inexplicable the one to the other...
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If there’s any redeeming quality that I can find in running away from something, it’s that I’m on my feet. Now all I’ve got to do is alter my direction.
George Eliot, Daniel Deronda|I told you from the beginning—as soon as I could—I told you I was afraid of myself." There was a piteous pleading in the low murmur in which Deronda turned his ear only. Her face afflicted him too much. "I felt a hatred in me that was always working like an evil spirit—contriving things. Everything I could do to free myself came into my mind; and it got worse—all things got worse. That is why I asked you to come to me in town. I thought then I would tell you the worst about myself. I tried. But I could not tell everything.
Angelo Codevilla|Tacit collaboration by millions whobite their lip is even more essential than lip service by thousands of favor seekers. Hence, to stimulate at least passive cooperation, the party strives to give the impression that “everybody” is already on its side. (The Rise of Political Correctness)
George Orwell, 1984|It was intended that when Newspeak had been adopted once and for all and Oldspeak forgotten, a heretical thought - that is, a thought diverging from the principles of Ingsoc - should be literally unthinkable, at least so far as thought is dependent on words.
Erik Pevernagie|The skeletons of the past must not hold back the dream of a new life, even though fear and regret, guilt and remorse may unsettle us during the effort to give our future a new home. (“Into a new life”)
Yasmine Marouf Araibi, Forget-Me-Not|It is funny how we hurt ourselves, isn’t it? We’re the reason of what happens to us, we’re the reason of our suffering, we choose the wrong people to hang with, to date and to love. The mind blames the heart, the heart blames the lover and that's how the cycle of life and love goes. Sometimes, we’re so afraid to lose people and end up alone. Despite of their hurting, we think that if we chase them away we’ll never be able to fill their places, we fear feeling empty and alone and most of all we fear the fact that they may move on before us.
Lyudmila Ulitskaya, The Big Green Tent|Maybe it was true that only beauty would save the world, or truth, or some other high-flown garbage; but fear was still more powerful than anything else. Fear destroyed everything: everything born of beauty, the tender shoots of all that was fine, wise, eternal...
Jean Craighead George, Julie of the Wolves|Change your ways when fear seizes," he had said, "for it usually means you are doing something wrong.
Michael Meade, Why the World Doesn't End: Tales of Renewal in Times of Loss|In the end, what we fear will not go away, for it indicates what we must go through in order to awaken, become more genuine, and live more fully. The problem is that we tend to be most afraid of what our own souls require of us. Often our deepest fear is that we might become who we are intended to be, who we already are at our core. For becoming who we truly are requires the greatest amount of change.
Edward Rutherfurd, London|Always remember this, Henri. Men trade for profit. They are driven by greed. But debt is about fear, and fear is stronger than greed. The true power, the weapon that defeats all others, is debt. Fools search for gold. The wise man studies debt. That is the key to all business.
Sunday Adelaja|By accepting fear in our life, we automatically allow it to rule over us
Sunday Adelaja|If the devil is sending you thoughts of fear, resist him, stop the thoughts
Sunday Adelaja|Fear totally obliterates a person, it makes people tolerate what is impossible to handle
Sunday Adelaja|Fear is a snare that prevents us from moving forward, fear makes us an easy bait for the devil
Michael Meade, Why the World Doesn't End: Tales of Renewal in Times of Loss|Many people believe that eliminating the apparent causes of fear will eliminate it, but fear, like beauty, is part of the world. The fear of fear results in the growth of terror as well as a loss of the beauty and wonder of the world. By fearing fear, we create the room for terror and panic to grow. People become blinded by fear, driven by anxieties, and increasingly ruled by phobias and obsessions. When we fail to recognize how fear works in the world, we become ruled by it. The point is not to become paralyzed with foreboding or be caught in the panic that can grip the collective and cause people to run blindly in the wrong direction. The point is to willingly go where most fear to go, to follow where the fear might lead and face the ways that the world roars at us.
Sunday Adelaja|Because of fear, people who have civil rights can’t use them
Isabella Poretsis|Fear is the bane of all creatures that bubbles inside us forming rocks of resistence, sucking away all will power to act, think or speak.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I must say a word about fear. It is life’s only true opponent. Only fear can defeat life. It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I know. It has no decency, respects no law or convention, show no mercy. It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unerring ease. It begins in your mind, always. One moment you are feeling calm, self-possessed, happy. Then fear, disguised in the garb of mild-mannered doubt, slips into your mind like a spy. Doubt meets disbelief and disbelief tries to push it out. But disbelief is a poorly armed foot soldier. Doubt does away with it with little trouble. You become anxious. Reason comes to do battle for you. You are reassured. Reason is fully equipped with the latest weapons technology. But, to your amazement, despite superior tactics and a number of undeniable victories, reason is laid low. You feel yourself weakening, wavering. Your anxiety becomes dread.Fear next turns fully to your body, which is already aware that something terribly wrong is going on. Already your lungs have flown away like a bird and your guts have slithered away like a snake. Now your tongue drops dear like an opossum, while your jaw begins to gallop on the spot. Your ears go deaf. Your muscles begin to shiver as if they had malaria and your knees to shake as though they were dancing. Your heart strains too hard, while your sphincter relaxes too much. And so with the rest of your body. Every part of you, in the manner most suited to it, falls apart. Only your eyes work well. They always pay proper attention to fear.Quickly you make rash decisions. You dismiss your allies: hope and trust. There, you’ve defeated yourself. Fear, which is but an impression, has triumphed over you.The matter is difficult to put into words. For fear, real fear, such as shakes you to your foundation, such as you feel when you are brought face to face with your mortal end, nestles in your memory like gangrene: it seeks to rot everything, even the words with which to speak of it. So you must fight hard to express it. You must fight hard to shine the light of words upon it. Because if you don’t, if fear becomes a wordless darkness that you avoid, perhaps even manage to forget, your open yourself to further attacks of fear because you never truly fought the opponent who defeated you.
J.E.B. Spredemann, Englisch on Purpose|When we take our eyes off Jesus and only focus on ourselves and our circumstances, we can no longer see Him. God says He will keep us in perfect peace if we keep our eyes on Him.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|Yeah, well, we're all afraid." I sighed. "The angry more than most, I think.
Kia Amazona, The Way It Was Before|I was sure I fell in love with him again like the usual. He did things that made me go back to him. Once again, it scared me half to death.
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|...the greatest barrier to intimacy is fear -- fear of being known, fear of being rejected, fear of facing the truth about ourselves......We are afraid to be known because at some deep level we fear that the truth about us, when out in the open and reflected back to us through someone else's eyes, will be shocking to ourselves.
Corrie ten Boom|I prayed to dispel my fear, until suddenly, and I do not know how the idea came to me, I began to pray for others. I prayed for everyone who came into my thoughts - - people with whom I had traveled, those who had been in prison with me, my school friends of years ago. I do not know how long I continued my prayer, but this I do know - - my fear was gone! Interceding for others had released me!
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|Time that had not come yet—an anomaly in itself—had the fiercest reality for her. It was a hard wind in her face; if she had made the world, every tree would be bent, every stone weathered, every bough stripped by that steady and contrary wind. Lucille saw in everything its potential for invidious change.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Man cannot commit a sin so great as to exhaust the infinite love of God. Can there be a sin which could exceed the love of God? Think only of repentance, continual repentance, but dismiss fear altogether. Believe that God loves you as you cannot conceive; that He loves you with your sin, in your sin. It has been said of old that over one repentant sinner there is more joy in heaven than over ten righteous men. Go, and fear not. Be not bitter against men. Be not angry if you are wronged. Forgive the dead man in your heart what wrong he did you. Be reconciled with him in truth. If you are penitent, you love. And if you love you are of God. All things are atoned for, all things are saved by love. If I, a sinner, even as you are, am tender with you and have pity on you, how much more will God. Love is such a priceless treasure that you can redeem the whole world by it, and expiate not only your own sins but the sins of others.
J. Saman, Start Over|He explained that often times it's the love of something- like money, material, possessions, or power-and the fear of losing them, that command people to act. That love and fear are really the only two things that can forever alter a person, whether for the better or worse.
Katherine J Walden|Perhaps the Lord has warned you that areas of your life that will harm you if you don't do something about it. Perhaps you have tried to barricade yourself from temptation or sinful habits by avoiding the issue. What you can't see won't hurt you, or so you try to convince yourself. Perhaps you've tried to resist temptation through sheer willpower and positive confession. You've discovered how flimsy your self-defense strategy is. Look around; the Lord has provided a way of escape. Walk through it into the light.
Natasha Tsakos|We can’t fear the future with a present mindset. We must ask ourselves questions we do not know the answers to, we should disrupt ourselves to grow.
Sophie Barnes, A Most Unlikely Duke|When we’re apart, I can think of nothing but you—of being with you again—and I . . . I’m sorry if I hurt you before. I’m sorry if I wasn’t clear about my feelings, if I wasn’t strong enough to fight for the chance to be with you. I’m going to do that now. I promise. Because I simply cannot imagine choosing a life without you in it.
Sophie Barnes, A Most Unlikely Duke|When we’re apart, I can think of nothingbut you—ofbeing with you again—andI . . . I’m sorry if I hurt you before. I’m sorryif I wasn’t clear about my feelings, if I wasn’tstrong enough to fight for the chance to bewith you. I’m going to do that now. I promise.Because I simply cannot imagine choosing alife without you in it.
Marcia Willett, A Summer in the Country|Don't try to fight depression and fear with violent physical or mental exercise. But don't give into them either. Just think. Oh, here they are again, and look past them, as if you were looking over someone's shoulder at something beyond. Fix your mind on what's be
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|One of the most important words for interacting is MISTAKE. Because is a reaction of TRY, proposes LEARNING, the meaning stirs with as PEOPLE. Do not give up on your dreams for fear of making mistakes!
Dada Bhagwan|If one does secret acts, what should one do to correct them? He should expose the acts and thereby he will no longer fear anyone.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|She'll be your dance partner, Jordan""Her? She's much too good. I'm scared!""Remember the feeling. Someday you'll want to write about it, and then it'll be good to know how the fear feels and to go ahead and dance all the same.
Akshay Vasu|The day when the fire that we had lit in our minds reaches our hearts, we will start turning every person that we come in contact with into ashes. We become the ghosts that we always feared.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|I snicker, but the idea is momentarily appealing. Part of me is scared of leaving school. Part of me wants to go desperately. Tension of opposites.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Inside a jihadi brain, the neuropsychological elements of aggression and rage run rampant, due to socio-political conditions. These overwhelming mental elements of young souls, when attached to the sacred texts of the Quran, by the authoritarian groups of fundamentalists, become weapons of mass destruction in the pursuit of the exclusive supremacy of one religion over the others.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|In today’s society, the animals known as Homo sapiens have become conditioned to elicit the same kind of fearful response whenever the bell of Islam is rung.
Dada Bhagwan|Until egoism reaches the non-existent state, there is nothing but fear in the worldly life.
Dada Bhagwan|What fear do you have? You, yourself are the absolute Self! If absolute-Self becomes fearful, then the whole universe will have fear! ‘We’ are on the other side of the prakruti [relative self’s world].
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Comfort is not a goal that I seek, rather it is a place that I hide.
Winna Efendi, Some Kind of Wonderful|Being afraid is part of living, Rory, just as much as being scared is part of being courageous. You can only be happy when you’re brutally honest with yourself.
Ashly Lorenzana|If you're not scared of the dark, it hasn't been dark enough.
Akshay Vasu|I don't want to swim on the surface anymore and I never want to pretend again that I know you completely. Let me dive deep inside you, take me in and allow me to look into your secrets, make me feel every breath I take and crave for it more. Carry me to your darker side where you are afraid to allow anyone. Pull me deep inside and make me one of your secrets.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The more we construct lives that prioritize safety, the bigger the prison we construct around ourselves.
Laura Kinsale, Flowers from the Storm|He didn’t reckon that God owed him anything. He reckoned that he’d had it all, and wasted it. Burning lakes and howling fiends had just never seemed that convincing, perils hardly fit to frighten naughty children.He turned over, staring up at the darkess.Damned…having found out now what hell was really like.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What would behoove me to instantly declare God not to be God unless He followed my script in some tediously exacting manner? I must confess that I am less likely to believe that it’s a matter of some narcissistic demand that I freely pen my own script. Rather, I think it’s fear that I’m too inadequate to follow God’s.
Marybeth Niederkorn, Small Town Tales: Volume 1|Childish certainty that nothing could get him while under the covers wasn't much comfort, but it was a start.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I am sufficiently brave to extract the cancer of fear, I have effectively gutted my conviction that what stands before me is impossible.
Brandy Nacole, Deep in the Hollow|It's okay to be afraid, Jo. It's what keeps us alive. But falling to that fear is what will get you killed.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Remastered|Don’t you just love meeting new people in new places? It means I can be whoever I want to be. And guess what, sweet’eart? Today…I choose to be your worst nightmare.
S.R. Crawford, Bloodstained Betrayal|Long ago there was a little boy who lived in the wood with his father and his sister. One night, the three of them were out collecting firewood when they heard a low, delicate whimper. The father realised it was an injured animal and ordered the children to fetch water from the lake, whilst he followed the sound. Hours past but the father did not return. The children became fearful for their father’s safety and in their moment of fright, they disobeyed their father in order to find him. 	And find him they did. However, he was no longer the man he once was. Both his eyes were slit through their centre, oozing blood down the paleness of his face. His neck had been torn open. The entirety of his midsection was split but nothing, not one, single organ, seemed to be left within. Each limb still remained, however they had been dragged, with some exceptional force, in the opposite direction to which they were designed. 	The children screamed and ran, though the image of their father’s mangled corpse seemed to chase after them. They slept. Within the whisper of the wind came the sweet tune of a woman’s song. The little girl awoke to the feeling of happiness, security and motherly love that the song carried with it. She needed to find the woman it had come from. Leaving her brother, she took off into the wood to try and find the singer.	The little boy quickly entered into a spit of panic when he found his sister missing. He didn’t know whether he should call out for her, look for her or wait. But waiting could mean the worst, he thought, and so he took off into the woods after her. He had searched everywhere, every dark corner and decrepit tree, before reaching the lake. The moon reflected off its black surface, which drew his attention to something bobbing within the ripples. 	It was a leg. When he caught sight of the foot, the boy fell to his knees. He recognised the shoe. It was his sister’s shoe; his sister’s leg. Soon enough, the other body parts came drifting to join the leg, forming a rough manifestation of what was once his sister’s living body. Firstly, there was a head facing down in the water, then arms seemingly blue under the moonlight, and lastly a torso coated in her favourite dress. He felt sick, lost, terrified to his very core. 	Just as thoughts of never being whole again began to pain his chest, the boy heard the snapping of a twig behind him. He dared to turn around but all he found was a small, black-furred wolf. The wolf approached him timidly, whining deep in its throat to say to the boy that he too was lonely and afraid. The boy put out his hand for the wolf to join him and they sat together. Perhaps he would be OK. Perhaps all that had happened had led to this; something new. He rustled the fur of his new friend, starting with its back then its ear before going under its snout. 	His hand touched something wet and sticky. He drew it from the wolf to get a better look, only to find a crimson substance now clinging to his small hands. Blood. The wolf turned on the boy as its eyes became a pale blue before thwack! He tore the boy’s face from his head…
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World|The whole journey of renunciation, or starting to say yes to life, is first of all realizing that you've come up against your edge, that everything in you is saying no, and then at that point, softening. This is yet another opportunity to develop loving-kindness of yourself, which results in playfulness--learning to play like a raven in the wind.
Kathy Hatfield, Secret Storms: A Mother and Daughter, Lost then Found|And then I tasted a sharp acid rising in my stomach. It is an acquired taste, the essence of fear.
Jen Wilde|You are not weak. People like us, we're brave. We're the ones who get up and face our worst fears every day. We keep fighting.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|When people call it [depression] I always get pissed off because I always think depression sounds like you just get like really sad, you get quiet and melancholy and just like sit quietly by the window sighing or just lying around. A state of not caring about anything. A kind of blue kind of peaceful state … Well this - isn’t a state. This is a feeling. I feel it all over. In my arms and legs … All over. My head, throat, butt. In my stomach. It’s all over everywhere. I don’t know what to call it. It’s like I can’t get enough outside it to call it anything. It’s like horror more than sadness. It’s more like horror. It’s like something horrible is about to happen, the most horrible thing you imagine – no, worse than you can imagine because there’s the feeling that there’s something you have to do right away to stop it but you don’t know what it is you have to do, and then it’s happening, too, the whole horrible time, it’s about to happen and also it’s happening, all at the same time. … Everything gets horrible. Everything you see gets ugly. Lurid is the word. … That’s the right word for it. And everything sounds harsh, spiny and harsh-sounding, like every sound you hear all of a sudden has teeth. And smelling like I smell bad even after I just got out of the shower. It’s like what’s the point of washing if everything smells like I need another shower.
Hanns Heinz Ewers, Nachtmahr: Strange Tales|Wednesday, March 23 I know now that I love Clarimonda. That she has entered into the very fiber of my being. It may be that the loves of other men are different. But does there exist one head, one ear, one hand that is exactly like hundreds of millions of others? There are always differences, and it must be so with love. My love is strange, I know that, but is it any the less lovely because of that? Besides, my love makes me happy.If only I were not so frightened. Sometimes my terror slumbers and I forget it for a few moments, then it wakes and does not leave me. The fear is like a poor mouse trying to escape the grip of a powerful serpent. Just wait a bit, poor sad terror. Very soon, the serpent love will devour you."The Spider
Jen Wilde|That's what I like most about her; she isn't fearless. She's scared, but she keeps fighting. She has moments of doubt, when she runs away, but she comes back. She doesn't give up. Sometimes she fails, she falls down, she makes mistakes. She's real.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Safety is not a destination that we reach for, rather it is a retreat that we escape to. And if our lives are marked by the incessant search for safety, we will live the whole of it going in reverse.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We think that boxes take everything that’s bad and they lock all that nasty stuff out, when in reality they take everything that we are and they lock all of those great things in.
Greg Bear, Blood Music|He held her hand and shook his head. "They're inside, part of us by now. They are us. Where can we escape?
Barry Glassner, The Culture of Fear: Why Americans Are Afraid of the Wrong Things|Samuel Taylor Coleridge was right when he claimed, 'In politics, what begins in fear usually ends up in folly.' Political activists are more inclined, though, to heed an observation from Richard Nixon: 'People react to fear, not love. They don't teach that in Sunday school, but it's true.' That principle, which guided the late president's political strategy throughout his career, is the sine qua non of contemporary political campaigning. Marketers of products and services ranging from car alarms to TV news programs have taken it to heart as well.The short answer to why Americans harbor so many misbegotten fears is that immense power and money await those who tap into our moral insecurities and supply us with symbolic substitutes.
Stephen King, The Stand|Love didn't grow very well in a place where there was only fear, just as plants didn't grow very well in a place where it was always dark.
Akshay Vasu|Darkness always causes fear and chaos inside us. We are always scared of losing ourselves somewhere inside there. But some of us get so much used to it that we start feeling peaceful in there and we start spending more time in it. One weird thing about darkness is, we meet ourselves there. Who are very different from what we are. And once we start speaking with them we become addicted to that kind of conversations. We fall in love with the same thing that we tried to run away from out whole life.
Stephen King, Wizard and Glass|It was all right to feel fear, but sometimes a very bad idea to show it.
Maite|You can hide from others, but you can't hide from yourself.
Akshay Vasu|He stood in a room, looking around, seeing thousands of himself. He banged the walls made of mirrors, but they wouldn't break. Thier laugh filled his heart and with fear, he curled up and sat there. And then She came out of nowhere and wrapped her arm around him. She held his hand, together they got up and walked towards a wall. He raised his head and looked at the reflections, but all he saw there was only him. She turned and smiled at him and touched the wall. It cracked and shattered into pieces. She inside him broke all the walls around him. He was free, he was not held and haunted by his reflections anymore.
George Washington Carver|Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater.
Megan Jacobson, Yellow|I'm sitting in front of the TV, watching Jerry Springer, and it makes me think of how many mad people there are in the world, and whether everyone is mad deep down, they just pretend they're not, and it's the people in asylums or on Jerry Springer who are the honest ones. I have a notebook and a chewed-up pen, and I'm trying to think of a topic for the Youth Issues speech. Mrs Thomas says she thinks I have a lot to say, but I don't. Nothing I can put words to anyway. I could talk about bullying, or alcoholism, but I don't think I could speak about that out loud, it's too real, and it'd be like I was standing up there naked. More than naked. It would be like my skin was all peeled off and I was just standing there with my heart all bloody and thumping in my rib cage for everyone to see.
Susan Jeffers, Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway|You may be surprised and encouraged to learn that while inability to deal with fear may look and feel like a psychological problem, in most cases it isn’t. I believe it is primarily an educational problem, and that by reeducating the mind, you can accept fear as simply a fact of life rather than a barrier to success.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|The older you grow, the younger your fears grow!
Chinonye J. Chidolue|No such thing as the right time, situation or place. You have all it takes. Just dig within. Exhume all the greatness inside of you and transform the world with an inexhaustible drive and without fear of limitations.
James Rozoff|We have created a world we don’t like, don’t understand and don’t trust, and we are too frightened to try to change it.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|So it had something to do with the sinner, and something with the judge, and the fear of not being forgiven, and the relief of being loved again.
Jermaine Watkins, The Heart Train: Episode 1 of the Hartford Series Singles|For the briefest moment, Jack's face formed the faintest smile as he considered fear and anxiety, the latter two of which often caused people to forget what truly mattered most.
Renee Conoulty, Don't Mean a Thing|I think I’ll give the Cage of Death a miss too,” I said. Crocodiles were fascinating creatures, like living dinosaurs, but they could do their living over there somewhere, far away from me.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|So many people are afraid of the ending of their life on earth. Then there are others who are afraid of not being able to leave after their bodies have long failed them. There's nothing at all to be afraid of. Death is the last lesson in the school of life. It is the final stage of growth. Death is the one event that is designed to remove all of your remaining fears. Someday you will find that the things you were most afraid of, like death, were only illusions.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|If we are not taught about love when our brains and hearts are forming, we may never even recognize it when it stands in front of us. We may even run from it. We would miss out on the one thing that makes life worth living.
Brunonia Barry, The Fifth Petal|Tell me what you want, and I'll tell you who you think you are. Tell me what you fear, and I'll tell you who you really are.
Franz Kafka, Diaries of Franz Kafka|In general I lacked principally the ability to provide even in the slightest detail for the real future. I thought only of things in the present and their present condition, not because of thoroughness or any special, strong interest, but rather, to the extent that weakness in thinking was not the cause, because of sorrow and fear – sorrow, because the present was so sad for me that I thought I could not leave it before it resolved itself into happiness; fear, because, like my fear of the slightest action in the present, I also considered myself, in view of my contemptible, childish appearance, unworthy of forming a serious, responsible opinion of the great, manly future which usually seemed so impossible to me that every short step forward appeared to me to be counterfeit and the next step unattainable.
Jennifer Donnelly, Deep Blue|You fear you will fail at the very thing you were born for. And your fear torments you...instead of shunning your fear, you must let it speak and listen carefully to what it's trying to tell you. It will give you good counsel.
Stephen King, It|You laugh because what's fearful and unknown is also what's funny, you laugh the way a small child will sometimes laugh and cry at the same time when a capering circus clown approaches, knowing it is supposed to be funny... but it is also unknown, full of the unknown's eternal power.
C.S. Lewis, Letters to an American Lady|If we really believe what we say we believe- if we really think that home is elsewhere and that this life is a "wandering to find home", why should we not look forward to the arrival. There are, aren't there, only three things we can do about death: to desire it, to fear it, or to ignore it. The third alternative, which is the one the modern world calls "healthy" is surely the most uneasy and precarious of all.
Imbolo Mbue, Behold the Dreamers|It's the fear that kills us, Leah," Jende said. "Sometimes it happens and it's not even as bad as the fear. That is what I have learned in this life. It is the fear.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|When you are a child at home alone, you’re afraid someone might come; when you are old and at home alone, you’re afraid no one will come.
Seneca|f you wish to put off all worry, assume that what you fear may happen is certainly going to happen.
Andrew Kaufman, Born Weird|She said, “Only the weak are afraid to appear so.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|The only thing she could do now was to shed a few tears, feeling rather afraid of herself, an intelligent young woman, who had everything going for her, but who tended to make the wrong decisions. She just hoped that this time she was right.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The paramount terror that plagues humankind is to live a meaningless life of an exile, an incomplete person whom fails to experience the rapture of living in an astonishing manner.
José Saramago, Seeing|how often fears come to sour our life and prove, in the end, to have no foundation, no reason to exist
Dhaval Gajera, MAKE IT HAPPEN: with 30 greatest life lessons|When I don’t take action in spite of doubt and fear, I lose 100%.
Bernard Cornwell, The Flame Bearer|You will not say how you are haunted by the faces of the men you killed, how in their last gasp of life they sought your pity and you had none. You will not speak of the boys who died screaming for their mothers while you twisted a blade in their guts and snarled your scorn into their ears. You will not confess that you wake in the night, covered in sweat, heart hammering, shrinking from the memories. You will not talk of that, because that is the horror, and the horror is held in the heart’s hoard, a secret, and to admit it is to admit fear, and we are warriors.We do not fear. We strut. We go to battle like heroes. We stink of shit.
Ann Voskamp|When we stop fearing failure, we start being artists.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|One day, the child will understand what he feared most and he will laugh at his ignorance!
Wole Soyinka, Climate of Fear: The Quest for Dignity in a Dehumanized World|The fault, of course, is not in religion, but in the fanatic of every religion. Fanaticism remains the greatest carrier of the spores of fear, and the rhetoric of religion, with the hysteria it so readily generates, is fast becoming the readiest killing device of contemporary times.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|Given the dark fears we feel when we experience loss, nothing is more generous and loving than the willingness to embrace grief in order to forgive. To be forgiven is to be loved.
Taylor Patton|Allow the fear to keep you sensible but not to keep you still. If you're afraid of the dark then open your eyes, see that you are home.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Self-preservation is to hunker down in the suffocating confines of this infinitesimally tiny existence that I define as ‘me,’ instead of letting ‘me’ run through the infinitely massive expanse of everything that is not me. And if the beast of self-preservation does not permit such freedoms, I will preserve myself to my own death.
Meg Collett, Fear University|There is something to be said for the night. The darkness holds a sense of promise, as if anything could happen. Maybe something good, like a handsome stranger or something with snarling teeth that whispers pretty things as it eats you. Thus, the night is a test. A test of fear and the sweet promise of pain.
Meg Collett, Fear University|If we win by losing ourselves, by losing what we were fighting for, then we never really win.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Demons|Then this God does exist according to you?""He does not exist, but He is. In the stone there is no pain, but in the fear of the stone is the pain. God is the pain of the fear of death. He who will conquer pain and terror will become himself a god.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am amazed that without any hesitation whatsoever I can completely believe myself to be on a grand journey of massive vistas and bold ascents, only to find that they are nothing more than a figment of a frightened imagination that needed a journey but could not admit to the fear of actually taking one.
Meg Collett, Fear University|I can't change it now, and besides, I like who those years made me into,
Anthony Liccione|Which is colder, the hand or the gun?
Sesan Kareem|There are three things that stop people from becoming their best, "fear" "anger" and "greed." The antidote to fear is action, the cure for anger is gratitude and the medicine to greed is love.
Shanthi Sekaran, Lucky Boy|And good intentions? These scared him the most: people with good intentions tended not to question themselves. And people who didn't question themselves, in the scientific world and beyond, were the ones to watch out for.
Michael  Grant, Plague|About time,” Brianna said.“Hey, sorry, we were kind of busy,” Quinn snapped. “And I didn’t exactly realize I was on a schedule.”“I don’t like what I have to do here,” Brianna said. She handed Quinn the note.He read it. Read it again.“Is this some kind of joke?” he demanded.“Albert’s dead,” Brianna said. “Murdered.”“What?”“He’s dead. Sam and Dekka are off in the wilderness somewhere. Edilio’s got the flu, he might die, a lot of kids have. A lot. And there are these, these monsters, these kind of bugs . . . no one knows what to call them . . . heading toward town.” Her face contorted in a mix of rage and sorrow and fear. She blurted, “And I can’t stop them!”Quinn stared at her. Then back at the note.He felt his contented little universe tilt and go sliding away.There were just two words on the paper: “Get Caine.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I might define a ‘journey’ as something that life itself calls me to. And I might then define a ‘trip’ as something I create to avoid a journey by mimicking a journey. And while fear is most certainly part and parcel of both, the latter is emboldened by fear while the former surrenders to it.
Tessa Dare, Goddess of the Hunt|I love you, Jeremy.”He still felt it, that wince of doubt. The urge to push her away. She said it so simply. As though there was nothing easier, more natural in the world. The words themselves hung in the air, so tiny, so bare.Jeremy felt as though she’d thrust a frail, delicate, birdlike thing into his big, clumsy hands, charging him to keep it safe. And God forgive him, his first impulse was to shove it away. He would destroy it, surely. In his desperation, he would grasp it so tightly it would break into a thousand pieces—and his own heart would break along with it.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Fear is the worst enemy of sex. If a man is afraid of something … he will start losing interest in sex. And, eventually he may become impotent.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Better a little with God than a whole lot without Him. Better to have fewer houses, cars, appliances, clothes, toys, and bills than to have the whole world and lose your soul. Better something paid for that's used and enjoyed and shared and worn out than something nice and shiny and new that won't be paid for until 2019 and that you're too stressed to enjoy. Better a little with the fear of the Lord than more of what everyone else has. Better than normal, instead of normal is best.
Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash|She had almost felt relieved when she was arrested. The thing she had dreaded, feared, run from had happened. When it came, she was strangely liberated from the fear. She couldn't dread what had already come to pass. She didn't have to anticipate the horror when the horror was right there. With her arrest came a certain calm, a quiet comfort. It had come. She had known it would and she could stop fighting.
Pearl S. Buck, The Big Wave|Fear alone makes man weak. If you are afraid, your hands tremble, your feet falter, and your brain cannot tell hands and feet what to do.
Akshay Vasu|It's scary to trust and fall in love with someone, isn't it? You accept someone and welcome them to your world. You show each of your voids. You show how dark it is, inside you and how scary it is, to stay there. And one day they will leave. Adding more voids into you making the older one a lot bigger, and making you get darker and scarier than before inside.
N.K. Jemisin, The Obelisk Gate|Jija killed his own son for what a completely different person did, long before that son's birth. This, more than anything, helps her finally understand that there is no reasoning with her father's hatred.
Pearl S. Buck|We must learn to live with danger, " he now said to Kino. "Do you mean the ocean and the volcano cannot hurt us if we are not afraid?" Kino asked. "No," his father replied. "I did not say that. Ocean is there and volcano is there. It is true that on any day ocean may rise into storm and volcano may burst into flame. We must accept this fact, but without fear. We must say, 'Someday I shall die, and does it matter whether it is by ocean or volcano, or whether I grow old and weak?' " "I don't want to think about such things," Kino said. "it is right for you not to think about them," his father said. "Then do not be afraid. When you are afraid, you are thinking about them all the time. Enjoy life and don not fear death - that is the way of a good Japanese.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|If we don't fear God, it's because we don't know God.
Rhouveyzz|We shall not fear the unknown. We live in the unknown... make the unknown known today as tomorrow is yet to come. Never fear it. Be grateful to see it".
Thomas Harris, The Silence of the Lambs|I know what you're afraid of. It's not pain, or solitude. It's indignity you can't stand, Hannibal, you're like a cat that way.
Akshay Vasu|Tell me about those days, when you stood on a thin line between dreams and reality, watching it get disappear slowly. All of a sudden there is no difference between both. And you get tore apart into nothingness. Where your mind always asked you to be awake, scared of being haunted by dreams and your heart asked you always to fall asleep, to escape from the hands of reality, because it haunted you too.
C. JoyBell C.|The medicine to fear, these days, is a dose of reality! Because these days the reality is far worse than the disembodiment of the ideal. People today are afraid of the disembodiment of the ideal, because they think the ideal is the reality. A rabbit that does not know it lives in the ground with snakes, is constantly afraid of the sea hawk possibly finding its way to land, to destroy the rabbit’s meadowy existence. In the meadow, living in fear of the sea hawk, not knowing the hole in the ground next to its burrow belongs to a snake. I show the rabbit where the snakes are, thus eliminating its hazardous fear. Misplaced fear is hazardous fear. Fear well placed is a skill for survival.
M.D. Elster, Four Kings|Yes!" He says. "Fear is an excellent motivator. I find that it really brings out the true ingenuity of a creature.
Akshay Vasu|When fears are screaming in your ears, try to hear the whispers of your faith and run into that dark path. That is how you reach the paradise.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Murderer!" he said suddenly in a quiet but clear and distinct voice.Raskolnikov went on walking beside him. His legs felt suddenly weak, a cold shiver ran down his spine, and his heart seemed to stand still for a moment, then suddenly began throbbing as though it were set free. So they walked for about a hundred paces, side by side in silence. The man did not look at him."What do you mean... what is... Who is a murderer?" muttered Raskolnikov hardly audibly."You are a murderer," the man answered still more articulately and emphatically, with a smile of triumphant hatred, and again he looked straight into Raskolnikov’s pale face and stricken eyes.
John M. Keller, Abracadabrantesque|Fear finds its prey in adolescents for the exact same reason fearlessness does. Every cut, scrape, broken arm or cancer is a cut, scrape, broken arm or cancer that has yet to arrive, that is on the sidelines waiting, along with fate and the story of your life, of everything bad that can happen, some of which will happen—but right now, they’re purely theoretical. It is up to the adolescent’s imagination to make them bleed, to make them hurt.
Luigina Sgarro|They use fear to control us, they control us to make us afraid. One more reason to be brave.
C.S. Lewis|Hatred has its pleasures. It is therefore often the compensation bywhich a frightened man reimburses himself for the miseries of Fear. The more he fears, the more he will hate. - Screwtape
Álvaro Bautista Arce|Fear? There is no fear when you ride a MotoGP bike. If there is fear, you don't enjoy it. And if you don't enjoy it, you'd better stay at home.
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|At critical moments the veil between the little-self and the deep self thins and a meaningful self-adjustment becomes possible. If a person does not become paralyzed with fear or frozen in hatred, the wise self hidden within will rise to the occasion.
Bruce McAllister|What are these two lies - these Illusions - that for too long have done their best to keep us from a real peace where we can still remain human? One is certainly the glory of war. It offers us cheaply, but with tragic results, a sense of power in the face of that 20th Century helplessness and powerlessness we hear so much about. War is about the power that fear demands of us, isn't it? Power, after all (the lie assures us), is what the world is really about, isn't it? The meek are fools. The reasonable are suckers. If you really believe in your country, your family, your values, you will wage war to protect them - because there is indeed an Enemy out there and the Enemy, like a host of fallen angels, is out to destroy everything you value. By waging war you'll be redeemed by war's very violence, won't you? The consequences of this are of course terrible: the perpetuation of Power Uber Alles, of war itself, of the assumption that whether we win or lose our submission to Power redeems us.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|All I wanted was to return to - to the people around me. I wanted it badly enough I didn't have room for fear. The worst had happened, and the darkness was calm and quiet. It did not seem like a bad thing to fade into. But I wanted to go home.
Harriet Lerner, The Dance of Fear: Rising Above Anxiety, Fear, and Shame to Be Your Best and Bravest Self|If you pay attention, you may find that it is not fear that stops you from doing the brave and true thing in your daily life. Rather, the problem is avoidance. You want to feel comfortable, so you avoid doing the thing that will evoke fear and other disquieting emotions. Avoidance will make you feel less vulnerable in the short run, but it will never make you less afraid.
Lucy H. Pearce, Burning Woman|In my work with hundreds of women over the past few years a theme has emerged: women’s desperate, unquenchable desire to step into their power, countered by the fear of what will happen if they do. The longing to express the riches inside them, wrestling with the deep terror of being burned by the judgement, hatred or rejection of strangers or loved ones if they do. This fear of being burned is an oddly female one. It is a fear which keeps us small and scared… but seemingly safe. From the outside this can seem like an overreaction. Both the need, and the fear. But women, it seems, have an innate knowing of what it means to burn… and be burned. They know the dangers in their bones. And it makes them wary.
Lucy H. Pearce, The Rainbow Way: Cultivating Creativity in the Midst of Motherhood|Creativity takes courage. Not just once, but consistently. Without courage we cannot be creative. Without feeling fear at some point we will not reach our creative potential. From first putting paint on paper through to selling our work on a worldwide stage there is plenty to be scared of. But this is where creativity lives – on the edge of our comfort zones.
Lucy H. Pearce, Burning Woman|We dare not talk of the darkness for fear it will infect us.We dare not talk of the fire, for fear it will destroy us.And so we live in the half-light, Like our mothers before us.Come to the fire, Feel it warm your skin.Come to the fire,Feel it burn in your belly,Shine out through your eyes.Come dance in the fire, Let it fuel your prayers.
George Saunders, The Brief and Frightening Reign of Phil|Then, the massive hands lifted the new people up to a pair of giant indescribable lips and whispered, in a fundamentally untranslatable Creator-language, something that meant, approximately: THIS TIME, BE KIND TO ONE ANOTHER. REMEMBER: EACH OF YOU WANTS TO BE HAPPY. AND I WANT YOU TO. EACH OF YOU WANTS TO LIVE FREE FROM FEAR. AND I WANT YOU TO. EACH OF YOU ARE SECRETLY AFRAID YOU ARE NOT GOOD ENOUGH. BUT YOU ARE, TRUST ME, YOU ARE.
Ezekiel Boone, Skitter|I think a lot of people are really scared right now. Not every person makes good choices, and sometimes, when people are scared, there are people who try to take advantage of that fear.
Anthony Liccione|And when the earth began to rumble and quake, as fear and frantic set in, he ran back inside the house past his wife and children, gathering all the valuables and things he thought of importance, and ran back to his car packing away. After making two trips in and out, he waited in the car for his family to come out, in fear they darted through the darkness and pelting cold rain. When everything calmed down, and the house was intact and safe, he returned putting everything back in its place, had the kids go to bed, told his wife he loves her and turned off the light.
Shannon L. Alder|If you hold onto a man hoping someone else won't get them you have learned how to be desperate, not wise.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|Once again I felt light-headed, but this time it wasn't from the scent of lilacs; it was from the scent of my own death.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|But now here I am: No money. No place to stay. It should be my worst nightmare. But I don't care. It's funny the things you think you're scared of until they're upon you, and then you're not.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|The battered and pathetic thing that represented any claim to conscience I might have had turned away from me in disgust. Oddly, I couldn't blame it. I was disgusted myself. Disgusted at my weakness and my lack of resolution, at my refusal to see justice through in the name of the woman who had borne me.
Hal Elrod, The Miracle Morning: The Not-So-Obvious Secret Guaranteed to Transform Your Life|There is nothing to fear, because you cannot fail—only learn, grow, and become better than you've ever been before.
Roshan Sharma|The journey towards God has to be travel on your own. All the fear, setbacks, motivation, inspiration has to be pulled from inside.
Aayush Jain|The most amazing speeches are a mix of fear, expertise, and practice.
N.K. Jemisin, The Obelisk Gate|Denying what you are didn't keep people from knowing what you are.""And flaunting it isn't what saved you."Ykka takes a deep breath. The muscles in her jaw flex, relax. "And that would be why I asked you do this, Cutter. But let's move on."So it goes on.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Far too often, it is at the moment where we finally stand on the very precipice of some great thing that we turn and abandon it, for it is at these seminal moments that fear wins and greatness dies. The beauty of Christmas is that God steps over precipices.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What excites us the most or likewise scares us the most is when something is exactly what it says it is. And when it comes to Christmas, we’re going to end up finding ourselves on one side of that line or the other.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Keep your eyes and your mind open. Don’t be blinded by filters like fear, uncertainty, pessimism and negativity.
Richard Paul Evans, The Mistletoe Promise|Actually, all fear is born of the imagination, which means the danger we fear doesn't need to be rational or even real to be potent. Like my fear of snakes. When I was eighteen I drove my car off the highway into a ditch because there was a snake on the road. It didn't matter that the snake couldn't have bitten me through the car. It didn't matter that the snake probably wasn't even poisonous or might have even already been dead. It didn't even matter than swerving off the road at fifty miles per hour posed a much greater danger than the snake I was frightened of. Fear doesn't listen to reason. It takes its own counsel.
Blake Crouch, Dark Matter|The box isn't all that different from life. If you go in with fear, fear is what you'll find.
Akshay Vasu|Every time I stare into those eyes of yours, they shine like a mirror with the sharp edges, piercing trough every bit of my reflection. It makes me feel like a child lost in the woods. And all of a sudden I hear a song somewhere and a shiver runs down my spine. A song that I have heard somewhere before. A song that makes all my demons dance forcefully at once.
Aminatta Forna, Ancestor Stones|A dread filled me, a dread unlike any I had ever felt. Not the terror of God, or his angels, but the sickly fear of man.
Thomas J. Harbin, Beyond Anger: A Guide for Men: How to Free Yourself from the Grip of Anger and Get More Out of Life|Many men find themselves unable to cope with even minor frustration. They get angry over trivial things, such as a broken pencil lead or an overcooked hamburger. Their anger erupts and gets out of control. They feel as though they are constantly under attack, that everyone is out to get them, and that nobody understands or cares about them. They may even get superstitious and believe that fate has it in for them, or that God has turned against them. This feeling of having no control leads to a state of continual frustration and anger.This tendency to react with instant anger can be called rage. Rage is anger that never completely goes away. Unlike regular anger, it is not a response to a specific event; rather, it is a response set, or tendency. In other words, it is an automatic way of reacting to the world without much thought. When you react to more and more situations with anger, it becomes your habitual response. You may often find yourself furiously yelling or seething inside without even knowing what it was that made you so angry. Rage sees personal attack in every disagreement. Rage causes you to feel threatened when there is no threat. And rage causes you to viciously counter-attack even a minor threat.Rage is like a wounded animal. It attacks anything that moves. And as with a wounded animal, the attacks do nothing to ease the pain. Rage depersonalizes individual people and events into a faceless, nameless "them".
Teo Yi Han|Ne wonders what it is like to burn, staring at one’s ending right around the corner, and yet not knowing how the end will come, when one will be fully consumed by the void.
Thomas Hardy, The Mayor of Casterbridge|Like all people who have known rough times, light-heartedness seemed to her too irrational and inconsequent to be indulged in except as a reckless dram now and then; for she had been too early habituated to anxious reasoning to drop the habit suddenly...Her triumph was tempered by circumspection, she had still that field-mouse fear of the coulter of destiny despite fair promise, which is common among the thoughtful who have suffered early from poverty and oppression.
Sharath Nazre|The more you conquer fear, the more you become stronger.., For that don't let the More Evil in.
Kristin Ketelslegers|Most people have fear to compromise with life.You got to take the reins of your life in your own hands, and direct it yourself.You decide how you use your time.
Serena Valentino, Poor Unfortunate Soul: A Tale of the Sea Witch|Tulip hated this feeling. The last time she had felt this way, she had been utterly humiliated and deeply hurt. She couldn't imagine allowing herself to be charmed by another handsome man only to be heartbroken again. But she was different now, wasn't she? Stronger, bolder, and indeed more worldly.
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|They were probably scared of him and so they did what boys do around any object of fear: they went up close, pointed a finger, gave it a nickname, and masked their terror with roaring laughter.
Esther Earl, This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl|I'm not sure if it was entirely sadness that caused the tears, but there was so much love. And that's all that mattered. Despite the fear, despite the sadness, despite the pain, there was love.
Duane Hewitt|I’m not afraid of death, just of dying.
Aireen Pontillo|Fear will hunt you down, right to the very depth of your soul".
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Fear is a lethal killer of dreams, the greatest cancer that has beset passion, and a ruthless thief of lives stolen and buried in the decay of lives squandered. Yet the greatest tragedy of all is that the fear that destroys us is rarely the monster it pretends to be, nor does it possess anything close to the power that we grant it. Therefore, it is only a killer, a cancer and a thief because we empower it to be so.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|By choosing comfort we are in the very same decision choosing to miss every great thing in life, and that thought should be anything but comforting.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The assumption is that if I expend myself for myself in the end all I’ll be left with is myself, and that alone is frightening. But what I’ve failed to consider is that I have to expend so much of myself living for myself that in the end I’m really left with very little of myself, and that is unimaginably frightening.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|Don’t be afraid,” he says with a half smile. “You’re with me.” His hand tightens around my wrist, tugging me down again playfully. And this time, I feel safe enough to take a deep breath of my own and do as he says.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The choice to avoid risk is the choice to avoid living, and to avoid living is one of the greatest risk of all.
Sofia Reyes|If you have an imagination, welcome to the gates of Reality.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|She was lucky to be wanted not desired though, worse pain is the feeling of being unwanted in love.
Marilyn Manson, The Long Hard Road Out of Hell|But through years of myth-making and fear-sowing, Christianity meta-morphosed antichrists into a single Antichrist, an apocalyptic villain and Christian bogeyman used to scare people as much as Santa Claus is used to regulate children's behavior. After years of studying the concept, I began to realize the Antichrist is a character--a metaphor--who exists in nearly all religions under different names, and maybe there is some truth in it, a need for such a person. But from another perspective, this person could be seen as not a villain but a final hero to save people from their own ignorance. The apocalypse doesn't have to be fire and a brimstone. It could happen on a personal level.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Fate’ and ‘coincidence’ are the mythological derivatives authored by those who refuse to see a ‘greater purpose’, because such a conclusion would naturally suggest a ‘Greater Being’.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In a relationship with God, our most secret places once thickly cloaked and meticulously hidden away now stand before us utterly and entirely exposed. And it may be that this dreaded fear is the single thing that keeps us an arm’s length from God, and forever a single step away from His blessings.
Mehmet Murat ildan|One of the most stupid things in life is not to enter the door which is wide open just because of the fear that this door will be shut and going back will be impossible! Have some courage, because even a harvest mouse leaves his hole to discover new places!
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|Get me in here. Get me in here now!" I order. I have to get out of the swamp before it happens again.But it does.I feel it before I see it. Dozens of thick, razor-sharp needles pierce my right leg, sinking into my skin. It hurts like nothing I've felt before, and a strangled scream of pain escapes me.Babette whips her head around, the motor forgotten. "Rylan! What is it!""Get me out! GET ME OUT!" I scream. Fearfully, I look over my shoulder, but seconds later I wish I hadn't as the attacker comes to the surface. It has a scaly body, sharp claws, feral eyes, and a long, ugly, sneering snout that's clamped around my leg.Melanie identifies it with a shriek. "GATOR!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I much prefer not to fall, unless of course I am falling into the hands of God.
Katherine Dunn, Geek Love|Sometimes when I felt the eyes crawling on me from all sides, I got scared thinking someone was looking who wasn’t just curious. I knew it was my imagination and I got used to it, learned to shunt it away. But sometimes I held onto it quietly, that feeling that someone behind or beside me in the crowd – some guy leaning on the target booth with a rifle, or some cranky sweating father spending too much on ride tickets to keep his kids away from him – anybody could be looking at me in the sidelong way that norms use to look at freaks, but thinking of me twitching and biting at the dirt while my guts spilled out of the big escape hatch he’d cut for them… a feeling like that is special. Sometimes you hold onto it quietly for a while.
Khrys Vaughan|How sad it would be to get to the end of life and realize God gave you wings, but you never used them.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Either we are running ‘from’ what we fear or running ‘to’ what we fear. The former is a choice controlled by fear, the latter is an action inspired by it.
Akiroq Brost|Don't let fear, or doubt creep in. Instead, let hope creep in. Start believing in yourself. Open your mind and heart to the possibilities.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The anticipation of loss is much more frightening than the actual loss as anticipation leaves room for the imagination to create that which, in all likelihood, will never transpire.
Megan Westfield, Lessons in Gravity|Even if he survived the Sorcerer, there would always be another Sorcerer, bigger and more dangerous than the last. It was just a matter of time until he died the kind of gruesome death that was the very reason people had paralyzing phobias of heights.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Either we are running ‘from’ what we fear, or running ‘to’ what we fear. The former is a choice driven by fear, the latter is an action inspired by it.
Akshay Vasu|In the darkest forest, Where trees bled into the rivers and no light reached the ground. I saw the demon crawling behind me whispering everything I don't want to hear. I screamed and ran to escape it until I lost all my breath and fell on my knees. Until it laughed maniacally and whispered in my ear again "you cannot run from yourself".
Zarqa Nawaz, Laughing All the Way to the Mosque|Why did God want us to remember these painful stories? I could only think of one reason. Having faith is more than just believing; it's about living with fear and self-doubt and working through those feelings until they bring some sort of answer.-page 101, Chapter "Hajj
Emma Cline, The Girls|The man was bearing down on me. My hands were limp and wet. Please, I thought. Please. Who was I addressing? The man? God? Whoever handled these things.
K.M. Shea, Heart of Ice|Fear is acceptable, as long as I don't allow it to cripple me...
Theodore Roosevelt|Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Mediocrity is a path cleared by fear, leveled by apathy and paved by comfort.
Sarah  Curtis, Engaging|You scare me, Gage."  Her eyes pleaded with him to understand.  "You tore me up, ripped me apart.  It took me a long time to put the pieces back together again."His thumb grazed along her cheek in a soft caress.  "I know baby, but I promise you, you have nothing to fear this time.""How do you know that?  How can you promise something like that?""Because I would die protecting you.  I would slay dragons for you."  He fisted her hair and brought his face close.  "I would get on my knees and beg for you.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|One of the most terrifying things I fear is not my potential, but how much regret I’ll die with should I never use it.
Sofia Reyes|Fear isn't what scares, it's reality that does scare
Steven Erikson, Fall of Light|The nature of conspiracy, which among those who both feared and named it, seemed to always possess at its core a misguided belief in the competence of others, as weighed against the incapacities, real or imagined, of the believer. Therefore, he concluded, the belief in conspiracy was an announcement of the believer's own sense of utter helplessness in the face of forces both mysterious and fatally efficient.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God’s eyes readily see beyond our actions, for our actions are simply fear and selfishness pretending to be us.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Most of our fears are borrowed. Since that’s the case, we should get busy returning them.
Vironika Tugaleva|Fear echoes your self-defined limitations, not your actual ones. To change your self-image, you must face what scares you.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The power of a thing is not based on the power it actually possesses. Rather, it is much more about the power that we permit it to possess.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I am brave enough to stand against those who have been groomed by fear, I will recognize that where I get knocked down is all about where life begins, and has nothing to do with where it ends.
Alexandre Dumas, The Son of Porthos: Or, the Death of Aramis|The truth is that you are afraid.''Afraid? I do not know all the words in the Parisian jargon, and I know not what you mean.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Loss is an invitation to a journey of unparalleled growth, yet we seldom RSVP the invitation.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We tend to deny our humanity because in accepting the fullness of it, we would need to confess how little we’ve done with it.
Barbara Claypole White, Echoes of Family|There is no reprieve when you have a broken mind; cease-fires are rare. Even on good days, you know everything could change on a dime. Fear is your constant shadow
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|Imagine, if you will:Meradinis!The stuff myths are made of! The Turtle Island of the stars – home planet to the fearsome and once legendary Corsairs. The very name of this world immediately grabbed the imaginations of young boys and girls, and universally mesmerize dreamers and romantics alike. The truth though was less romantic – and as reality so often demonstrates in real life - instead rather ugly and brutal. The Corsairs were not corn-ball comics that went about with parrots on their shoulders, saying “Arr!” to everything they encountered. They were anything but. Behind the Corsairs and their culture lay a history fraught with a struggle to survive, a vengefulness and a cruelty – and a drive to survive by preying upon others that struck fear into the hearts of neighboring fringe worlds.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|If I’ve learned anything from my past and my present, it’s the power of fear. You can give your subjects all the generosity in the world, and still they will demand more. But those who are afraid don’t fight back. I know this well enough.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|Like fear and fury. It is energy from another realm, threads from beneath the sur­face, an immortal place never meant to be disturbed. Raffaele trembles.Something is poisoning the world.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If I could remove one thing from the world and replace it with something else, I would erase politics and put art in its place. That way, art teachers would rule the world. And since art is the most supreme form of love, beautiful colors and imagery would weave bridges for peace wherever there are walls. Artists, who are naturally heart-driven, would decorate the world with their love, and in that love — poverty, hunger, lines of division, and wars would vanish from the earth forever. Children of the earth would then be free to play, imagine, create, build and grow without bloodshed, terror and fear.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|19. Those who are the happiest are not necessarily those for whom life has been easiest. Emotional stability results from an attitude. It is refusing to yield to depression and fear, even when black clouds float overhead. It is improving that which can be improved and accepting that which is inevitable.
Anne Sexton|I am, to be sure, afraid that if you knew me that you wouldn’t love me. But this must be faced…I fear it in any relationship. Thus I am perhaps afraid to reveal facts about things…or to say too much for fear if I make too much noise you’ll drift away, pull down the shade of your ivory tower…and after that. Afraid, I guess, that I’ll loose you…I keep losing people.
Paula McLain, Circling the Sun|He stared into his coffee, thinking quietly. "But you've never been afraid of anything, have you?""I have, though," I said, surprised at my own emotion. "I've been terrified... I just haven't let it stop me
Richard Matheson, The Shrinking Man|It was more than a spider. It was every unknown terror in the world fused into wriggling, poison-jawed horror. It was every anxiety, insecurity, and fear in his life given a hideous, night-black form.
Richard N. Bolles, What Color Is Your Parachute? 2012: A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers|Call it anything else if you will—fear, anxiety, nervousness, sweating—but “shyness” is the historic word for it.
Jordon Greene, They'll Call It Treason|Fear, that’s the great motivator though. Fear keeps it all in check. Fear of one’s neighbor. Fear of those who don’t look like you. Fear of those who live in some barren desert halfway across the globe,” Sean continued. “Domestic terrorism, just as much as fear of those abroad has helped people accept more intrusion into their everyday lives. To accept less freedom as freedom itself.
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|He didn’t remember the very first time he actually died very well. It wasn’t as bad as remediation, but he remembered being afraid and worried… and when he found himself alive again a few hours later with Mearth’s wild green eyes peering down at him, he remembered still being afraid and worried. It was strange, he thought, to be afraid of being alive… but being alive was worse than being dead in his mind.
Kelly Williams Brown, Adulting: How to Become a Grown-up in 468 Easy(ish) Steps|Like heartbreak, these unpredictable crises are not something you should live in fear of. Perpetual fear won't protect you. Fear is not a citronella candle; scary life happenings are not mosquitoes. They happen in ways we can't predict, control or understand. The only guaranteed outcome of feeling scared all the time is that you will feel scared all the time.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|Instead, though, as he drew nearer, his mind kept drifting back to Gansey's voice in the cave the day before. The tremulous note in it. The fear - a fear so profound that Gansey could not bring himself to climb out of the pit, though there was nothing physically preventing him. He had not known that Richard Gansey III had it in him to be a coward.Adam remembered crouching on the kitchen floor of his parents' double-wide, telling himself to take Gansey's oft-repeated advice to leave. "Just put what you need in the car, Adam."But he had stayed. Hung in the pit of his father's anger. A coward, too.Adam felt like he needed to reconfigure every conversation he'd ever had with Gansey in light of this new knowledge.
Anastasia Aukeman, Welcome to Painterland: Bruce Conner and the Rat Bastard Protective Association|Aukeman quotes Norman Mailer:"No wonder then that these have been the years of conformity and depression. A stench of fear has come out of every pore of American life and we suffer from a collective failure or nerve. The only courage, with rare exceptions, that we have been witness to, has been the isolated courage of isolated people." Welcome to Painterland (2016) Chapter 4, p.108
Neena Verma, A Mother's Cry... A Mother's Celebration|GriefYou plunge one in many emotionsBetrayal, Despair, Depression, Fear, AngerGriefYou are more difficult to face than DeathGriefPlease let my faith stay stronger than youGriefI so wish you eventually lose out to love(Page 58)
Neena Verma, A Mother's Cry... A Mother's Celebration|Letting myself fall wasn't easy. It wasn't hard either. It was a calling that I had to honour. I did honour. I took a plunge into my dark abyss. I faced my grief, my fear, my sadness, my loneliness, my anguish, myself. (Page 78)
Itohan Eghide, Master of Maxims|Insecurity is the lack of trust in your abilities and worth. When you enter into a secured state of consciousness, everything that helped boost your confidence will return.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|The details and symbols of your life have been deliberately constructed to make you believe what white people say about you. Please try to remember that what they believe, as well as what they do and cause you to endure, does not testify to your inferiority but to their inhumanity and fear.
Alexander the Great|Through every generation of the human race there has been a constant war, a war with fear. Those who have the courage to conquer it are made free and those who are conquered by it are made to suffer until they have the courage to defeat it, or death takes them.
K.J. Kilton|One day, you muster the courage and let go of the fear. In a brief moment of insanity, you give wings to the stories you had wanted to tell; some you didn't even know were in you. In that instant, something about you changes. You are born again.That is not to say the fear and worry and second-guessing go away. They are there. But you learn to cope with them. You learn that they don't control you at all times. In those fleeting moments of freedom, you have the power. You know you are not perfect. You realize no one was born perfect. No one. Rome wasn’t built in a day either.A weird thing happens when you get a glimpse of that side of you. A child-like zeal possesses you. It is addictive. You discover your voice. You matter. Maybe not to the world, yet. You matter to yourself. You are worthy. You are alive. You can be.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|Boys", she says, "just aren't very good at being afraid.
Rohvannyn Shaw|One challenge at a time, I try to turn into the face of fear and tell it “you are not my master, you are the product of my self and I am your master.” I look into the monster’s eyes until it disappears. Then I am free.
K.J. Kilton|One day, you muster the courage and let go of the fear. In a brief moment of insanity, you give wings to the stories you had wanted to tell; some you didn't even know were in you. In that instant, something about you changes. You are born again.
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?: Facing Down Your Fears with Faith|Biblical heroes were regular people who had to learn the same things you and I have to learn–to drive out fear by increasing their knowledge of God, to shift their focus from their present fear to the eternal God, to replace what they didn’t know about the future with what they did know about Him.
Dan Wells, I Am Not A Serial Killer|This was it. This was what I had never felt before--an emotional connection to another human being. I'd tried kindness, I'd tried love, I'd tried friendship. I'd tried talking and sharing and watching, and nothing had ever worked until now. Until fear. I felt her fear in every inch of my body like an electric hum, and I was alive for the first time. I needed more right then or the craving would eat me alive.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|We forget that the power of God isn’t in a weapon or a leader, but within us.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I must look at the 'nature' of God, not the 'nature' of the challenge. For the former means everything and the latter means nothing.
William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure|Ay, but to die, and go we know not where;To lie in cold obstruction and to rot;This sensible warm motion to becomeA kneaded clod; and the delighted spiritTo bathe in fiery floods, or to resideIn thrilling region of thick-ribbed ice;To be imprison'd in the viewless winds,And blown with restless violence round aboutThe pendent world; or to be worse than worstOf those that lawless and incertain thoughtImagine howling: 'tis too horrible!The weariest and most loathed worldly lifeThat age, ache, penury and imprisonmentCan lay on nature is a paradiseTo what we fear of death.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Fear tells me that while there might be a host of people who wish to stand beside me in times of crisis, the tangled wreckage is sometimes so enormous that the best of their efforts leave them stranded at a great distance. And standing desperately alone surveying the carnage that holds all others a bay, God suddenly taps me on the shoulder, leans over and whispers, 'how about a little demolition?
Patricia Highsmith|I do not understand people who like to make noise; consequently I fear them, and since I fear them, I hate them.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|[Patricia Highsmith] was overwhelmed by sensory stimulation - there were too many people and too much noise and she just could not handle the supermarket. She continually jumped, afraid that someone might recognise or touch her. She could not make the simplest of decisions - which type of bread did she want, or what kind of salami? I tried to do the shopping as quickly as possible, but at the check-out she started to panic. She took out her wallet, knocked off her glasses, dropped the money on the floor, stuff was going all over the place.
Arefin Bashar Arif|If I wanna die I may be awesome that I fear nothing. So I can do anything in this earth. Cause I am about to die. And If I start to do anything in this earth, the worst can be, I will die. This is the way I make impossibles possible.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|All the things people carry in their hearts, love, hatred, fears, and they had to be shared with a friend or a loved one, because when we do not share them, sometime, all the things love, anger, hatred, fears ends up coming out of us mixed-up. We just become a shell with nothing inwards us, an empty soul with nothing in it, that is as bad as dying.
Robin S. Sharma|The beautiful thing about fear is when you run to it, it runs away
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|After reading Burgum, [Patricia Highsmith] wrote in her cahier that, like Kafka, she felt she was a pessimist, unable to formulate a system in which an individual could believe in God, government or self. Again like Kafka, she looked into the great abyss which separated the spiritual and the material and saw the terrifying emptiness, the hollowness, at the heart of every man, a sense of alienation she felt compelled to explore in her fiction. As her next hero, she would take an architect, 'a young man whose authority is art and therefore himself,' who when he murders, 'feels no guilt or even fear when he thinks of legal retribution'. The more she read of Kafka the more she felt afraid as she came to realise, 'I am so similar to him.
Rachel Naomi Remen, Kitchen Table Wisdom: Stories That Heal|If we fear loss enough, in the end the things we possess will come to possess us.
Michael Connelly, Nine Dragons|All his life Harry Bosch believed he had a mission. And to carry out that mission he needed to be bulletproof. He needed to build himself and his life so that he was invulnerable, so that nothing and no one could ever get to him. All of that changed on the day he was introduced to the daughter he didn’t know he had. In that moment he knew he was both saved and lost. He would be forever connected to the world in the way only a father knew.- "Nine Dragons" by Michael Connelly
Christina Engela|People who have practiced occult religions for many years are being told that they don't know the first thing about their own religion and its beliefs and practices - and that a bunch of zealots from another religion posing as 'experts' (in a religion they despise/ fear/ oppose and who peddle slander and misinformation about occult religions), are more credible than they are.Non Seqitur. This does not follow.
Nicole Mones, A Cup of Light|He'd seen that the young ones died quickly. He'd heard the staff talk about it. When they were ready they let go. Not like adults. Adults took a long time. It was as if adults had built such a thick, petrified husk around them that this alone gave them the strength, the form to hold on. And by the transient revival that so often came to the dying, adults seemed to find a last little puff of life before the end. They had a term for it here at the hospital -- hui guang fan zhao, the reflected rays of the setting sun. Children were lacking in this. They went quickly. He watched as the DOWN light came on and the elevator door slid open.He had a fear that his life now was just an interlude of hui guang fan zhao, a brief moment before it all came back, worse. And for so long now he had been in this state by himself. He stared up at the digital floor numbers flashing, descending.
Inshan Meahjohn|We are beings of immense potential, ability and skills. In order to realize our God given talents we need to break through the fear barrier, which through its invisible walls traps us better than any physical prison can be constructed by the hands of man. Our human will and faith can break any barriers that fear can construct.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|I heard the fear in the first music I ever knew, the music that pumped from boom boxes full of grand boast and bluster. The boys who stood out on Garrison and Liberty up on Park Heights loved this music because it told them, against all evidence and odds, that they were masters of their own lives, their own streets, and their own bodies. I saw it in the girls, in their loud laughter, in their gilded bamboo earrings that announced their names thrice over. And I saw it in their brutal language and hard gaze, how they would cut you with their eyes and destroy you with their words for the sin of playing too much. “Keep my name out your mouth,” they would say. I would watch them after school, how they squared off like boxers, vaselined up, earrings off, Reeboks on, and leaped at each other.I felt the fear in the visits to my Nana’s home in Philadelphia. You never knew her. I barely knew her, but what I remember is her hard manner, her rough voice. And I knew that my father’s father was dead and that my uncle Oscar was dead and that my uncle David was dead and that each of these instances was unnatural. And I saw it in my own father, who loves you, who counsels you, who slipped me money to care for you. My father was so very afraid. I felt it in the sting of his black leather belt, which he applied with more anxiety than anger, my father who beat me as if someone might steal me away, because that is exactly what was happening all around us. Everyone had lost a child, somehow, to the streets, to jail, to drugs, to guns. It was said that these lost girls were sweet as honey and would not hurt a fly. It was said that these lost boys had just received a GED and had begun to turn their lives around. And now they were gone, and their legacy was a great fear.Have they told you this story? When your grandmother was sixteen years old a young man knocked on her door. The young man was your Nana Jo’s boyfriend. No one else was home. Ma allowed this young man to sit and wait until your Nana Jo returned. But your great-grandmother got there first. She asked the young man to leave. Then she beat your grandmother terrifically, one last time, so that she might remember how easily she could lose her body. Ma never forgot. I remember her clutching my small hand tightly as we crossed the street. She would tell me that if I ever let go and were killed by an onrushing car, she would beat me back to life. When I was six, Ma and Dad took me to a local park. I slipped from their gaze and found a playground. Your grandparents spent anxious minutes looking for me. When they found me, Dad did what every parent I knew would have done—he reached for his belt. I remember watching him in a kind of daze, awed at the distance between punishment and offense. Later, I would hear it in Dad’s voice—“Either I can beat him, or the police.” Maybe that saved me. Maybe it didn’t. All I know is, the violence rose from the fear like smoke from a fire, and I cannot say whether that violence, even administered in fear and love, sounded the alarm or choked us at the exit. What I know is that fathers who slammed their teenage boys for sass would then release them to streets where their boys employed, and were subject to, the same justice. And I knew mothers who belted their girls, but the belt could not save these girls from drug dealers twice their age. We, the children, employed our darkest humor to cope. We stood in the alley where we shot basketballs through hollowed crates and cracked jokes on the boy whose mother wore him out with a beating in front of his entire fifth-grade class. We sat on the number five bus, headed downtown, laughing at some girl whose mother was known to reach for anything—cable wires, extension cords, pots, pans. We were laughing, but I know that we were afraid of those who loved us most. Our parents resorted to the lash the way flagellants in the plague years resorted to the scourge.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every unpleasant worldly experience in life exposes our sensitive nervous systems to painful phenomena. Despite all the beer commercial advertisement slogans urging us to live with gusto, life is unavoidably painful. Life is a battering ram that inflicts trauma upon human beings. People blunt the traumatic force of enduring a lifetime of pain, fearfulness, and unremitted anguish and boredom with religion, sex, booze, drugs, fantasy, and other indulgent acts and forms acts of escapism.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I cannot be afraid of being afraid. Rather, I need to realize that it is my fear that gives me the energy to wrestle that which I fear into the dirt that is soon to become the road underneath my feet.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|It is foolishness to want what never was or will never will be, lament the passage of time, and live in fearfulness of an uncertain future. The moods generated by regret including depression and self-loathing congeal in our sentient consciousness creating the painful landscape of the self.
Akshay Vasu|She asked him, to name the monster that he is most afraid of always and looked into his eyes in silence. 'I see him every time whenever I stare into your eyes.' he replied.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To seek the praise of men as our motivation is to abandon truly great things, for more often than not truly great things elicit the ire of men far more than they garner their praises.
Alice Hoffman, Survival Lessons|She allowed me to understand I'd done everything I could for her, and that I, and everyone who loved her, had to step away and go on living.Now I know what she wanted from me on the day she told me she was afraid. It was exactly what I wanted when I had cancer and I thought I was going to die. I should have sat down next to her, put my arms around her, and told her that I loved her. That's all anyone wants. It took me a long time to figure this out. It's a complicated human puzzle. But it's never too late to know that love is all you need.
Darren Shan, Bec|Her fear was infectious, and though I was too young to truly know terror, I felt it in my heart and trembled.
Kim Kiyosaki, Rich Woman: A Book on Investing for Women, Take Charge Of Your Money, Take Charge Of Your Life|If fear can prevent us from potential vital danger, it can also be lethal – kills our dreams, chances, personal development and passion, prevent us from living our life at maximum.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|Increasingly, I'm coming to believe that fear is at the heart of all sin and disaffection. Fear that God will not be enough for us; fear that the identity we've been given is somehow incomplete.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|But that's one way we can identify the devil's voice: It always plays to our fears. It is the voice that tells us we must do something to prove who we are, to prove that we're worthy, to prove that we are who God has already declared us to be. When we know we are loved by God, we don't have to prove anything to anyone. There is nothing we can do to make ourselves more beloved than we are.
Ken Liu, The Grace of Kings|Taking away men's weapons will be not bring peace. They'll fight with sticks and stones, and tooth and nail. Mapidéré's is a peace supported only by fear, as secure as a nest built on a rotten branch.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I must say a word about fear. It is life's only true opponent. Only fear can defeat life. It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I now. It has no decency, respects no law or convention, shows no mercy. It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unerring ease. It begins in your mind, always. One moment you are feeling calm, self-possessed, happy. Then fear, disguised in the garb of mild-mannered doubt, slips into your mind like a spy. Doubt meets disbelief and disbelief tries to push it out. But disbelief is a poorly armed foot soldier. Doubt does away with it with little trouble. You become anxious. Reason comes to do battle for you. You are reassured. Reason is fully equipped with the latest weapons technology. But, to your amazement, despite superior tactics and a number of undeniable victories, reason is laid low. You feel yourself weakening, wavering. Your anxiety becomes dread.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Once I knew what was bothering me, the greater part of my uneasiness left. Fear tends to come from ignorance. Once I knew what the problem was, it was just a problem, nothing to fear.
Kate McGahan|Fear creates attachment. Look around at the people and things you feel attached to; the people and things that you believe you can't live without. What is it that you are afraid of? Make it a goal to let go of attachment and, when you do, the fear will leave and unexpectedly beautiful things can come into its place. That is the reward for living in love and faith, instead of in fear.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I think that it is infinitely wiser to accept the fact that we’re afraid, for in accepting our fear we are in no way granting it the power to crush us. Rather we are finally empowering ourselves sufficiently so that we can crush it.
Veronica Roth, Divergent Series Complete Box Set|I miss the fears of the past few weeks, rendered small by my fears now.
F.D.  Lee, The Fairy's Tale|You don’t know anything about me.”“No, I know not everything about you. But I sense enough to know you have mistaken obsession with drive, guilt with injustice. I know you want to escape what you are, cabbage fairy,” he said, reaching for his hood and gloves and tucking them into the waistband of his trousers. “Your desires are no different from my own, I simply have the courage to face them.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|When we protect ourselves from what we fear, we also undermine our capacity for wonder.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|And it was knowing that I could still be ... still be afraid of everyhting, but not letting fear stop me from living
Michael Vito Tosto, Portrait of an Infidel: The Acerbic Account of How a Passionate Christian Became an Ardent Atheist|There is nothing loving about encouraging fear. Nothing. Fear leads to darkness, depression, anger, irrationality, anxiety, consternation, unrest, and ultimately, destruction. Fear, as Yoda reminds us all, is the path to the Dark Side. Fear is a weapon, not a productive tool. Fear is a means of control. Fear should never be the basis for why anyone does anything regarding the health of the mind, body, and spirit.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Dare to keep moving when it is a must and dare to keep waiting when you have to, but note, you shall always keep waiting if you keep waiting and you shall always keep moving when you keep moving!
Mihai Eminescu, Poems|Glossa Time goes by, time comes along,All is old and all is new;What is right and what is wrong,You must think and ask of you;Have no hope and have no fear,Waves that rise can never hold;If they urge or if they cheer,You remain aloof and cold. To our sight a lot will glisten,Many sounds will reach our ear;Who could take the time to listenAnd remember all we hear?Keep aside from all that patter,Seek yourself, far from the throng When with loud and idle clatterTime goes by, time comes along.Nor forget the tongue of reasonOr its even scales depressWhen the moment, changing season,Wears the mask of happiness -It is born of reason's slumberAnd may last a wink as true:For the one who knows its numberAll is old and all is new.Be as to a play, spectator,As the world unfolds before:You will know the heart of matterShould they act two parts or four;When they cry or tear asunderFrom your seat enjoy alongAnd you'll learn from art to wonderWhat is right and what is wrong.Past and future, ever blending,Are the twin sides of same page:New start will begin with endingWhen you know to learn from age;All that was or be tomorrowWe have in the present, too;But what's vain and futile sorrowYou must think and ask of you;For the living cannot severFrom the means we've always had:Now, as years ago, and ever,Men are happy or are sad:Other masks, same play repeated;Diff'rent tongues, same words to hear;Of your dreams so often cheated,Have no hope and have no fear.Hope not when the villains clusterBy success and glory drawn:Fools with perfect lack of lusterWill outshine Hyperion!Fear it not, they'll push each otherTo reach higher in the fold,Do not side with them as brother,Waves that rise can never hold.Sounds of siren songs call steadyToward golden nets, astray;Life attracts you into eddiesTo change actors in the play;Steal aside from crowd and bustle,Do not look, seem not to hearFrom your path, away from hustle,If they urge or if they cheer;If they reach for you, go faster,Hold your tongue when slanders yell;Your advice they cannot master,Don't you know their measure well?Let them talk and let them chatter,Let all go past, young and old;Unattached to man or matter,You remain aloof and cold.You remain aloof and coldIf they urge or if they cheer;Waves that rise can never hold,Have no hope and have no fear;You must think and ask of youWhat is right and what is wrong;All is old and all is new,Time goes by, time comes along.
Ashly Lorenzana|If you manage to live long enough, most of your greatest fears become fond memories to look back on.
Lois Lowry, Son|It was my journey and i had to do it without help. I had to find my own strengths, face my own fears.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Bravery is not found in getting knocked down. Rather, bravery is found is getting back up knowing that you’re going to get knocked down again.
Virginia Alison|Storms are relentless and unforgiving. You know it's there, you feel it surrounding you, threatening to consume you should you dare to look, dare to behold the captivating wonder...Yet, fear grips. For although you know that it could swallow you whole and rip you to shreds, if you do not, eventually, the storm will dissipate, leaving you trembling and empty...We storms know this...
Dean F. Wilson, Worldwaker|Fear is leaden. Courage is golden. Let go of the weight of the world, and you will fly.
Camilla Way, Watching Edie|As my heart begins to return to normal, I look down at -- and feel such an intense rush of love and relief it takes my breath away. "I will never let you put of my sight again," I promise --
Emma Cline, The Girls|. . . even the surprise of harmless others in the house disturbed me. I didn't want my inner rot on display, even accidentally. Living alone was frightening in that way. No one to police the spill of yourself, the ways you betrayed your primitive desires. Like a cocoon built around you, made of your own naked proclivities and never tidied into the patterns of actual human life.
Zechariah Barrett, Project Ordine|You may have started a war,” Jean growled. “All for what?”Ammon growled back. “To take back this world! To never live in fear again!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|They never had a better computer. They never had better lights. They never had better communication apparatus. They never had the finest tools. They never had the best transport system. They never had a perfect comfort. They never had all people loving them and their works. They never had all the financial resources. They never had the best garments. They never had the best and the most of all things. They never had all that they needed but they had ideas. They had a vision. Their hearts were filled with reasons to move. Their minds were pregnant with great thoughts and they wanted to prove what was in them. They took bold steps in wisdom and they were able to do distinctive things with what they had, and they left distinctive marks on minds before they left.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|After another long silence, bit by bit, realisation dawned upon Edmund and he became even paler than Hecate herself which was, in itself, a fantastic achievement. Adele Rose, Awakening.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|Jeese, I thought, fear choking me. I was being targeted by a ‘tangoed’ psychopath!
Mikhail Shishkin, Calligraphy Lesson: The Collected Stories|Everyone's afraid, but I'm not. Because I loved your father my whole life. I still do.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I often ask to what place I am running, for if I am unable to identify that place it is likely that I am running in a circle of the most circular sort.
Christina Dodd, Because I'm Watching|I was out on a lonely road that stretched forever into the darkness. I wanted to run, to get away from him, but it was so dark, I was afraid of where I was going.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Dare to keep moving when it is a must and there to keep waiting when you have to, but note, you shall always keep waiting if you keep waiting and you shall always keep moving when you keep moving!
Dean F. Wilson, Worldwaker|Jacob studied the iron graveyard, where every vehicle was its own gravestone. He drove slowly through, as if he was afraid to wake the dead. That was not it though. The general made it clear that they should fear the living.
Amanda Bouchet, A Promise of Fire|Happiness is a strange, frightening, fragile feeling when you're not used to it.
Neel Burton|My basic political principle: If something, whether right- or left-wing, is driven by love and solidarity, it is right; if it is driven by hate and fear it is wrong. Simple as that.
Munia Khan|There is a whisper of light, if you can hear Louder than sound of darknessyou never fear
Marilyn Devonish|Sometimes in life you've got to Ctrl, Alt, Delete and let go.
Richie Norton|Two questions I'm pondering:1. If money didn't exist, would you still chase your dreams?2. If money didn't exist, would you still keep your job?If the answer is "YES" to both, you're on track. If the answer is "NO" to either, what needs to change?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The origin behind myths and religion is human terror of annihilation. Human societies invented mythology and religion in order to militate against people’s fear of living a mortal life. People fear time as a destroyer of human happiness, human beings, and human societies.
Renee Ruin, Wounds: Volume 1|You fear no inferno when you are born amidst flames.It’s another flesh wound, another lasting burn.Carry them with you.
Richie Norton|What is your motivation? When you drill down and ask, "What if there was zero ROI (of any form)?," you'll discover your highest and best use of time.
Deyth Banger|After all, the fear is the thing which keep us alive, why do you want to get rid of it??
Rebecca McNutt|People are often wary of reading or watching anything in the horror genre because in their minds, it's just senseless gore, death and violence. Well, I can tell you from avid experience, that's not what horror is about. The horror genre teaches us that sometimes really bad things happen to really good people, but that hope always prevails in even the darkest of situations. That's a very important lesson, no matter how frightening you think the teacher is, and to be in the top of her class, all you need to do is to go in with an open mind.
Gackt|Don’t be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. Death is always at our side.When we show fear. it jumps at us faster than light, but if we do not show fear, it casts its eye upon us gently and then guides us into infinity…
Jolene Perry|My shower doesn't make everything go away. The world doesn't feel like a bigger, brighter place because my hair smells like coconuts.
John  French|We know no fear. It was cut from our souls at birth. We can feel it only as an absence, as an empty shadow cast by the light of annihilation. In the face of a future of atrocity I stand mute, numb to the only feeling that would make me human. But I remember what fear was: its cold pulse in my veins; its echo in my ears. I remember fear, and remember that I was once human. I look towards what must come to pass and I wish that I could meet it as my ancestors did, with fear. The future deserves that, it deserves fear.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|You think me cruel.”“No.” Magiano hesitates for a long moment. “Maybe a little.”“I’m not branding them because I am cruel,” I say calmly. “I’m doing it as a reminder of what they’ve done to us. To the marked. You’re so quick to forget.”“I never forget,” Magiano replies. This time, there is a slight sharpness to his tone. His hand hovers near his side, where his childhood wound continues to plague him. “But branding the unmarked with your crest will not make them any more loyal to you.”“It makes them fear me.”“Fear works best with some love,” Magiano says. “Show them that you can be terrifying, yet generous.” The gold bands in his braids clink. “Let the people love you a little, mi Adelinetta.
Auliq-Ice|As hard as we strive, man remains a perfect imperfect being.
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives. There is a deep-seated fear, in most people, of the cold world and the possible cruelty of the herd; there is a longing for affection, which is often concealed by roughness, boorishness or a bullying manner in men, and by nagging and scolding in women. Passionate mutual love while it lasts puts an end to this feeling; it breaks down the hard walls of the ego, producing a new being composed of two in one.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Apathy is unconditional surrender where we are driven into hiding by unrealistic fear, and firmly held there by the misinformed belief that we are helpless to do anything other than hide. Therefore, apathy survives solely on lies and can be completely abated by truth.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action.....no matter what. So you're afraid? Be afraid. Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!
Kelly Corbet, Already Here: The Matter of Love|Left unstewarded, anger, resentment, fear, frustration—any form non-Love takes—can grow into all sorts of warfare, internal and external.
John McNee, Prince of Nightmares|Growing up, imagination gave way to cynicism. Ignorance was traded in for world weariness. Fears remained, but they were the dull, suburban fears of illness, destitution, and death. The visceral terror of the unknown- of unseen things lurking under the bed or creeping out of the cupboard- became a fuzzy memory.
Padma Viswanathan, The Ever After of Ashwin Rao|Perhaps terror and peace became the same thing when life's mysteries were unveiled. In the Bhagavad Gita, when Krishna reveals his divine form at Arjuna's request, Arjuna is terrified at seeing what no mortal can stand to see. But the end to human doubt surely must also bring with it a definite, final peace.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When last did you thank God? When last did you appreciate him? Some people are just busy praying for more things they need God to do. The best way to pray is by thanking God first for the things He has already done in your life. For the remaining job in your life, He knows how to finish it.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|Over the years we seem to have become habituated, even addicted, to the notion of radical threat, threat of the kind that can make virtually anything seem expendable if it does not serve an immediate, desperate purpose of self-defense -- as defined by people often in too high a state of alarm to make sound judgments about what real safety would be or how it might be achieved, and who feel that their duty to the rest of us is to be very certain we share their alarm. Putting to one side the opportunities offered by the coercive power of fear, charity obliges me to assume that their alarm is genuine, though i grant that in doing so I again raise questions about the soundness of their judgment.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Stop telling God what you want to have , He is going to use what you have left to give you what you need.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Question: when you picture Jesus ministering to others, how do you see Him? Certainly not with the stressed-out, hurry-up attitude we often have. Don’t you get an image of Him ministering in a quiet, tranquil peace? That’s a trait you need to develop too. As ambassadors of Christ we need to become more like our Master in dealing with others. Paul writes, ‘Live in peace, and [then] the God of love [Who is the Source of affection, goodwill, love, and benevolence toward men] and the Author and Promoter of peace will be with you.’ When you resort to force, argument, intimidation, anger, and coercion, you’re on your own. But when you demonstrate affection, goodwill, love, and benevolence towards people, God has promised to be with you
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Unless you acknowledge your vulnerability for sin, you won’t pray against it and you’ll end up experiencing defeat. The most effective weapon the enemy has against you - is you
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If you are landing it doesn't really matter who is sitting beside you but while you are taking off, it is very important you know who is around you. Eagles don't flock with pigeons.
Rob Liano|The only thing that makes advice great is when you apply it and it works so try, try try.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Unanswered prayer is God’s gift … it protects us from ourselves. If all our prayers were answered we’d abuse the power … use prayer to change the world to our liking, and it would become hell on earth. Like spoiled children with too many toys and too much money, we’d grab for more. We’d pray for victory at the expense of others … intoxicated by power we’d hurt people and exalt ourselves. Isaiah said, “The LORD longs to be gracious to you … therefore He waits” (Isaiah 30:18 NASB). Unanswered prayer protects…breaks…deepens and transforms. Past unanswered prayers which left us hurt and disillusioned, act like a refiner’s fire to prepare us for future answers.’ Bottom line: pray with the right motives!
Katherine Russell, Without Shame|Hatred happens when we refuse to see someone for their entire selves; we fear that if we see more than the qualities we hate, we will become them or worse, allow them to enter our hearts.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Christianity is not for seasonal use, it is for daily use. Make the word of God your daily Language.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Take anything that is above you to God, lift it, bless it and release it and see what God will do.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|What you need to succeed is already there, just lean on God. For your faith's sake, God can still disappoint the devil.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You can't stop satan from doing his job; his job is to steal, kill and destroy but don't let him stop you from doing your own job; and your job is to bind and lose his stronghold. His job is to destroy you and your job is to destroy him too. Cast him out.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When you go nearer to God, He shows you what to do, He tells you when to do it and He backs whatever He promised.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|There must be a demand, there must be an urge and there must be a will and where there is a demand and a will, there will also be a way.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If you are looking for bad news ask new york times or CNN, if you are looking for good news ask me. I am an ambassador of good news.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I do not need to grow up or train in the gym in order to beat the devil, when I know that my God can beat him for me.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Nobody is too holy for the devil's attack, even your tithes and offerings won't stop him either but God rebukes the devourer through your giving.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When you leave where God is sending you to somewhere else, your star will varnish. A lesson to learn here....don't go to Herod's house when you are looking for Jesus.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Some people are in church but not in christ because if you are in christ, the first sign of true christianity is peace.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Man may change, government may change, people may change but Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You can prophecy without going to the bible school. If you acknowledge Jesus, you receive the gift of prophecy and you can prophecy. The holy spirit is always there for you.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You don't wait till your case become terminal before you ask for a doctor. If you wait till it becomes incurable you will die without knowing your right. Spiritually put; you don't wait until you have problem before you pray. Pray without ceasing for you do not know when the problem will come. If you can bind headache you can bind cancer. If you can bind fever, you can equally bind ulcer. If you can loss a mentally dreaded man, you can loss and raise the dead.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Nothing is over in my life when Christ is above it. Anything higher than me is still below the feet of Christ. I am not born again to be burnt, I am born again to be born again so that I may live in peace and joy that comes only from God.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Your mouth can correct what is wrong. Your eyes can see evil and your mouth can speak righteousness. Your body can say I am sick while your mouth can say I am healed. Your eyes can say I am blind but your mouth can say I can see, Your pocket can say I am empty while your mouth can say I am swimming in abundance. Your Doctor can say that you are HIV Postive and Cancer but your mouth can say my body is a holy temple of God and by His stripes I am healed. Your womb can say that you are barren while your mouth can say "Behold, children are a gift of the LORD, The fruit of the womb is a reward." Don´t live by sight, live by faith. Put it in practice.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|What you say about your situation matters a lot in life than what you do to it. It helps when you know what to say. When things are not going the way they are supposed to go, God does not keep quiet, He always say something. Do the same, change your situation with the words of your mouth.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I do not wait till i am in trouble till i can call on God. I have learned to speak the way God speaks, I have learned to see things the way God sees and I have also learned to handle it the way God handles it. Christ is the daily language of my mouth and faith is my daily talk and my actions have become the language of my life.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|While studying my bible, I noticed that all the miracle Jesus did was never magical, the people that received their healing call it the blind man, the woman with the issue of blood, lazarus, the man they threw through the ceiling to him etc, had one thing in common. I didn't call it faith but I call it action. ...they made a move and was ready to make a shift and a change.Lessons to learn from here; faith without work better put without action is dead. Secondly, miracle will never find you in your sitting room, you need to make a move in order to find it. Third, God can only start the work in your life only with what you have left not what you do not have. Fourth, do your own part and then allow God to do the one you cannot do. Fifth, always be ready for a change. Sixth, when you have done everything and nothing seems to work....Call on JESUS...I am a living withness, He always starts when we are tired.
Kenneth Logan, True Letters from a Fictional Life|I didn't come up with the lie. It wasn't mine. They handed the lie to me, and I tried like hell to make it work for a while.
Kate DiCamillo, Raymie Nightingale|Oh, my goodness,” said Louisiana. “I’m just all filled up with feathers and regrets. And fears. I have a lot of fears.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Because I have ‘chosen’ to see something as impossible, there’s a good chance that it’s not.
Jennifer Donnelly, These Shallow Graves|Her fear was strong, but her need for the truth was stronger.
Marianne Williamson|There is nothing to find, only to realize. There is nothing to become, only to be. There is nothing to fear, only to love.
Kenneth Logan, True Letters from a Fictional Life|Now whenever I left class to go to the boys' room, I worried that I would end up on the blue tiled floor in a puddle of piss and blood.
Scott Stossel, My Age of Anxiety: Fear, Hope, Dread, and the Search for Peace of Mind|Individuals who rate high on the so-called Anxiety Sensitivity Index, or ASI, have a high degree of what's known as interoceptive awareness, meaning they are highly attuned to the inner workings on their bodies, to the beepings and bleatings, the blips and burps, of their physiologies; they are more conscious of their heart rate, blood pressure, digestive burblings, and so forth than other people are.
Isaac Asimov, Second Foundation|Agitation from the other side of the desk.“No—now you must take this phlegmatically. You had hoped you would qualify. You had feared you would not. Actually, both hope and fear are weaknesses. You knew you would qualify and you hesitate to admit the fact because such knowledge might stamp you as cocksure and therefore unfit. Nonsense! The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise. It is part of your qualification that you knew you would qualify.”Relaxation on the other side of the desk.“Exactly. Now you feel better and your guard is down. You are fitter to concentrate and fitter to understand. Remember, to be truly effective, it is not necessary to hold the mind under a tight, controlling barrier which to the intelligent probe is as informative as a naked mentality. Rather, one should cultivate an innocence, an awareness of self, and an unselfconsciousness of self which leaves one nothing to hide. My mind is open to you. Let this be so for both of us.
Robert Liparulo, House of Dark Shadows|He lowered his eyes to his dad's face. There was fear there. Fear. When your dad was frightened, there was something to be frightened about.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Dear Lord I am tired of forgiving people that offended me. Is there anyway you can fix this people's mind to do the right thing? Dear Lord I am tired of loving those that hate me, can you please replace their hateful heart with a lovng spirit. Dear Lord I am tired of hearing people complaining about the world not being peaceful, no money, so much wars and no love. Can you please open their eyes to see that there will be no peace for a wicked man. Remind them that you promised to supply all their needs and that with you all things are possible but it is possible to only those that believe just as I believe that only you can fix any hurting soul and situations.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You are created to be a creator. God does not give anyone a finished product. God did not create the telephone, car, computers, Facebook, amazon, ebay, God did not make a chair, He created a tree for you to produce the chair. He gave you the raw materials to look at and ask yourself what can I do with this?Are you a producer or a consumer? .....ponder
Apryl Baker, The Ghost Files|We all have that inner fear of the dark, no matter how old we get. It's an ingrained instinct to fear the velvety blackness of the night, of things you can't quite see, but know deep down in your bones is there, waiting.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If God give you a status, don't turn yourself to a statue. Don't become a monument. God still want to reside inside you but not in a monument.
Patience Johnson|The people that loves God, do they also have troubles? Yes but the troubles never have them. They can have pain but pain can't have them. Paul was in prison but prison was not in him. Don't let what you have, have you. Have money and time but don't let them have you. Have good name and title but don't let name and title have you but let God get glory out of it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Any day God removes His hand from you, you are finished. Your hope and trust is only in Him. Your confidence, your strength, your power and your life is in God. There is no better life without Him. Look around the world and you will understand me.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|So long as you are in God's hands, He will not throw you away. God cannot drop you for you to be ashamed.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Spiritual life is not mystic; when you decide to work with God, you have stepped to mystery, God can intervene at any time, God can come down even when you are not ready. From the minute you know and understand that God is interested in your marriage, job, business, health, the minute you know that God is interested in what you are doing for Him, the job will take a new turn, your business will take a new course, your life will have a new direction.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|In your roughest time, when everything looks so cloudy and deserted, don't look to man, don't look to a woman, don't look to government, don't look to Obama, don't look to Merkel, don't look to wall street, don't look to your family, don't look at your situation either, take off your eyes away from all those things that are so close to you; take it to Him that is bigger than your problem.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Why should sinners prosper and sins suffer? It is ignorant; don't think that the poorer you are the quicker you will see God, sorry no unclean thing shall see heaven. Poverty is a disgrace to God. The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof. You can be free, you can perform a miracle if you are a born again. I do not mean Church goers.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Poverty I am too beautiful to be like you. Sickness from the crown of my head to the sole of my feet, I belong to God.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You can never experience peace until you tell the devil that you are a child of God. CNN or BBC won't do that for you. My bible says if I should say to this mountain, let thou be removed. It didn't say if I should fall, cry or fail but if I should say.......
Meg Cabot, The Princess Diaries|Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something is more important than fear.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Surrendering is intentionally laying down the power I possess. And have I considered that the power I lay down is often more powerful than that which I’m laying it down in front of? Therefore, I would be wise to recognize that surrender is less the absence of power and more the presence of fear.
J.R.R. Tolkien|And she answered: 'All your words are but to say: you are a woman, and your part is in the house. But when the men have died in battle and honour, you leave to be burned in the house, for the men will need it no more. But I am of the House of Eorl and not a serving-woman. I can ride and wield blade, and I do not fear either pain or death.''What do you fear, lady?' he asked.'A cage,' she said.
Sharon Creech, Walk Two Moons|I had not said anything about what had happened the day before—about being scared down to my very bones when I thought they had left me. I don't know what came over me. Ever since my mother left us that April day, I suspected that everyone was going to leave, one by one.
Auliq-Ice|Those that dare not to dream big are cowards, for they fear to expose the already great potentials embedded inside of them.
Philip Wylie, The Answer: A Fable for Our Times|They are afraid. They would, today, keep secret a thousand things that, yesterday, they would have told one another freely. Freedom. Where is it now? We are driving it into limbo—their kind. To limbo.
Philip Wylie, The Answer: A Fable for Our Times|An old Russian proverb . . . "Where hangs the smoke of hate burns a fiercer fire called fear."The trick . . . was to keep that fire alive, but to know at the same time it might consume you also. Then the trick was to make the fear invisible in the smokes of hatred. Having accomplished that, you would own men's souls and your power would be absolute, so long as you never allowed men to see that their hate was but fear, and so long as you, afraid, knowing it, hence more shrewd and cautious than the rest, did not become a corpse at the hands of the hating fearful. There, in a nutshell, was the recipe for dictatorship. Over the proletariat. Over the godly believers. Over the heathen. Over all men, even those who imagined they were free and yet could be made to hate.Frighten; then furnish the whipping boys. Then seize.
Orson De Witt, Earth Won't Miss You|There was the emptiness of space I was afraid to fall into, but the only real fear I’d ever actually had was to dive into the emptiness inside of myself.
Kat Lahr, Anatomy Of Illumination|It is our ultimate purpose to continually evolve as a species both physically and emotionally, as change is the mechanism for growth and development, and if we fear change we stunt our own growth and with it, human evolution.
Akshay Vasu|The day your heart fills only with fear and insecurities, everything you see becomes the ghost that you were always scared of.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Be inspired; you have seen another day! Smile; you have another chance! Take a step; you can do it again! Move; you can't continue like this! Do something for that is all life is about! Impact makers take steps. Impact makers face challenges. Impact makers overcome challenges. Each day is a new day to have a different view of the real purpose why we live. Each day is another chance to take a step towards a great end. Each day is another day to choose courage or fear! Each day is another moment of time to dare tactically or to do anything! When you wake up, do something! Smile, you have seen another day! Be happy and make each day count!
Gwenda Bond, Double Down|I didn't like showing weakness, not to anybody.
Shannon L. Alder|The solution is so obvious, but for so many of us we would travel a hundred miles out of the way to avoid it, gather a thousand opinions on the way and take a pit stop in fear to check our map before we proceed through hell. Heaven was always a direct flight with no layovers.
Jellis Vaes|There is not one single thing you cannot do if you are able to see fear for what it truly is. Life is full of choices, and one of those choices involves fear. You can either let it control you, or you can learn to control it.
Don Marquis, Archyology : The Long Lost Tales of Archy and Mehitabel|With regard to ghosts, while we have never believed in them, we have always been afraid of them.
Jonathan Glover|Stalin’s Russia was a trap, in which even those running the system were caught. The leaders were trapped by fear of Stalin and even he was trapped by his fear of their desire to be rid of him. Everything he had to eat or drink had to be tasted by one of his colleagues first. Beria’s behavior at his death showed that his fear was only partly paranoia.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I would suggest that the prisons I incessantly create are not designed to lock me in, rather they are designed to lock the world out. And the oddity is that either way, I am a prisoner who has sentenced himself to a prison within which I do not belong.
Gwyneth Hanson|I faced a fear and on the other side I found passion. Don’t let fear hold you back, you never know what you might find.
Auliq-Ice|The hopelessness of life is like a weak fire, that can only be extinguished using the fire extinguisher called hope.
Criss Jami|Christians sometimes make themselves into elephants afraid of mice. You have the Creator of the universe on your side; not to mention, you've been given eternal life. 'Whom or what shall you fear?' To be afraid of anything other than God himself is like an insult to God.
Wordions|In the story of life"Hope" is the Hero who protects the Lady Love "Dream (Desire from the bad guy "Fear".
Ally Carter, See How They Run|But that's the thing about being the girl who's spent years convincing the world she's not afraid of anything: At some point, someone is going to find out you're afraid of everything.
Chris Hill|The fear of taking a shot at anything in life, lives in the fact that there are no guaranteed outcomes and this notion sadly, paralyzes so many from ever taking a chance, because they can never be certain enough. It's important to understand that the fear will always be there, that's what makes us humans, and those of us that end of leading successful and fulfilled lives have just learned to better tame and dance with that fear more than others.
Salman Rushdie|If we can cease envisaging ourselves as metaphorical foetuses, and substitute the image of a newborn child, then that will be at least a small intellectual advance. In time, perhaps, we may even learn to toddle.
Kyra Jackson|Stare up at the stars,Don't be fearful of the night.For, it is the darkness,That lets us know the light.
Ken Poirot|The first step forward is to admit your fear, then you can take the next step to conquer it.
Vironika Tugaleva|Yes, it’s okay to be afraid. It’s okay to hesitate before plunging from your comfort zone.It’s okay to have scars, pimples, insecurities, moles, cellulite, tremors, debts, redness, regrets, loneliness and uncertainty.It’s okay to have no idea what you’re doing.It’s okay to struggle with some things, while enjoying others. It’s okay to find joy in the beauty in life, even after a great loss. It’s okay to change. It’s okay to move on. And it’s okay to fear changing and moving on.Wherever you are, and whatever you are experiencing, is okay. You didn’t invent the universe and you didn’t invent the human condition.You don’t need permission to live whatever you’re living, even if it looks and feels different from anyone else’s life around you. And it’s okay to feel like you need that permission anyway.
E.F. Benson|Or do you like being frightened?”Hugh, though generally intelligent, is dense in certain ways; this is one of them.“Why, of course, I like being frightened,” I said. “I want to be made to creep and creep and creep. Fear is the most absorbing and luxurious of emotions. One forgets all else if one is afraid.
Winston Graham|But fear and fascination are yokefellows, oxen out of step but pulling in the same direction...
Vironika Tugaleva|Letting go of who you're supposed to be and discovering who you really are is a journey of many experiences, but certainty is not one of them. No matter how long you wait, it'll never feel safe enough. Plunge in anyway.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Then the dwarves forgot their joy and their confident boasts of a moment before and cowered down in fright. Smaug was still to be reckoned with. It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him.
M.L. Wang, Theonite: Planet Adyn|I’m not sure how old I was when I first tried looking in the mirror and telling myself, with a shiver of pride and a warning prickle of something like fear, ‘I am the most powerful person in the world.’ In a way, it was true. My hands and mind could do things no one else’s could, but I was too young then to understand that some power—the kind that really matters—comes from other people. And what good is being faster, or stronger, or smarter than everyone else when it leaves you all alone?
Graham Greene, Brighton Rock|She got up and he saw the skin of her thigh for a moment above the artificial silk, and a prick of sexual desire disturbed him like a sickness. That was what happened to a man in the end: the stuffy room, the wakeful children, the Saturday night movements from the other bed. Was there no escape––anywhere––for anyone? It was worth murdering a world.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|A fear is a reaction to a specific danger, to which the individual can make a specific adjustment. But what characterizes anxiety is the feeling of diffuseness and uncertainty and the experience of helplessness toward the threat.
Criss Jami|The Christian who loves his Master needs not fear any longer for himself. For it is then completely irrational, as it is written thus: 'Perfect love casts out fear.' However, it is very much rational for one to instead fear for the enemies of God.
Chris Hill|Without risk I have no fear, without any fear - what's the point, because I have no opportunity for success.(Gavin Kaysen)
Jonathan Glover, Humanity: A Moral History of the Twentieth Century|Sir Edward Grey echoed this: More than one true thing may be said about the causes of the war, but the statement that comprises most truth is that militarism and the armaments inseparable from it made war inevitable. Armaments were intended to produce a sense of security in each nation – that was the justification put forward in defence of them. What they really did was to produce fear in everybody.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Everything started to move in slow motion. A vehicle was coming up the hill in the opposite direction, facing us but in its own lane. With vehicles parked on both sides of the road, this meant that there was just a narrow passage area for both vehicles to pass through. However, he had yet to reduce his speed, and now I knew which car he was going to hit. I was frozen stiff with fear in the front passenger seat, as I helplessly watched him slam into the back of a parked car. I was not wearing a seat belt, so upon impact my head crashed into the windshield. I was then slammed back into my seat, but with such force that everything went black.
Richard Maxwell, Theater for Beginners|You face an audience and prepare to speak. Fear will be there, if you're alive. There is, of course, no shortage of feeling up there. It is an extreme act, unusual, testing you in unparalleled ways. It speaks to the core of who you are, and why you do what you do. These challenges, they exist in life and become acute on stage.
Andrew McMillan|Being one’s true and honest self can often be dangerous; and poetry should always be a place where, if only between the pages, that danger and energy and fear and excitement and love can fizz and spark without ever threatening to burn something down.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|In the beginning the queen had been a courageous and fair-minded princess very much liked by all, but unfortunately she grew up and became a frightened adult, as adults tend to be. She started loving efficiency and avoiding conflict. As adults do.
Darnell Lamont Walker|I don't know any homophobic people. That suggests fear.The people I know who hate gay folks are:illiterate, nescient, uneducated, uninstructed, unlearned, unschooled, untaught, backward, benighted, primitive, unenlightened, blockheaded, dense, doltish, hebetudinous, obtuse, stupid, thickheaded, thick-wittedBut not homophobic.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invision|He screams like a girl if he has to watch a horror movie." Caleb"Hey!" Nick"Well, you do. I Tried to watch Child's Play and you ran off to hide during the opening credits. And then he had to go sleep with his mom in her bed for three days because he was so scared." Caleb"Dude! You promised me you weren't going to tell anyone about that." Nick
Vivek Pereira, Indians in Pakistan|And so we continued to live in fear, hoping that we would not get caught. Fear had become our constant companion at this dreadful Lashkar-e-Taiba camp.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|And that someone would pay. Revenge is a cold bedfellow, Diana had said, but Emma didn't believe that. Revenge would let her think about her parents without a cold knot forming in her stomach. She would be able to dream without seeing their drowned faces and hearing their voices cry out for her help.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|Our personal fears and emotions are at times stronger than public danger. By keeping them secret, we allow them to remain malignant. You need to be able to articulate something if you want it to go away, and to do that, you must acknowledge that it exists.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|There was no wind which could have swept my thoughts away from my bositerous heart; not that day, not this day and not any other day
Jesustibab|not all feeling of butterflies in the tummy means love, it might sometimes mean lust, fear, hunger e.t.c
Ayn Rand|Fear walks through the City, fear without name, without shape. All men feel it and none dare to speak.
J.D. Lakey, Black Bead|What is fear?" she breathed. 'Fear is nothing. Fear is illusion. Pass through its fire. Truth lies at its core. What it Truth?" She stood up, feeling calmer and glared up at the sinking sun. "I am Truth," she whispered fiercely.
Ernest Becker|People were always ready to yield theirwills, to worship the hero, because they were not given a chancefor developing initiative, stability, and independence, said the greatnineteenth-century Russian sociologist Nikolai Mikhailovsky
J.D. Lakey, Black Bead|The thing stank of unnamed yearnings, unfulfilled wishes, and a hunger so deep it make her feel hollow inside.
Cecelia Ahern|She got a sense that their time together was valuable, as though she needed to hold on to every minute as if it were their last. He was too good to be true, every moment spent with him magical, so much so that she presumed this couldn’t last forever. None of her good feelings had lasted forever, none of the people who lightened her life managed to stay. Going by her previous luck, from pure fear of not wanting to lose something so special, she was just waiting for the day he would leave. Whoever he was, he was healing her, he was teaching her to smile, teaching her to laugh, and she wondered what she could teach him.
Criss Jami|On the one hand you had people constantly fighting Hell; on the other, you had people constantly fighting Hell on earth.
Kamand Kojouri|When you get shy, you’re simply thinking of yourself. Stop it. Step out of yourself.
Nadifa Mohamed, Reader, I Married Him: Stories Inspired by Jane Eyre|I stood in bars, clothed but naked, looking from their eyes to my feet and back again. Still there was the longing to contend with: the heavy, bloody, chemical urge to consume another body and spit out its bones in a new child. How do you make a stranger so intimate when they could so easily destroy you?
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|A few generations living and dying without a sky, and enclosed spaces lost the atavistic terror of premature burial.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Fear least have power! The power of fear lies in the power of our fears. Without the power of our fears, fear is least empowered!
Katie Douglas|In the beginning of a movie, they don't tell you what's going to happen. You just have to wait and go on the adventure with them
Marjane Satrapi, The Complete Persepolis|They found records and video-cassettes at their place, a deck of cards, a chess set. In other words, everything that's banned.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|If school is about postponing the day you have to stand up in front of the world and put yourself at risk, the resistance would like to stay there forever.
Luisa Valenzuela, Dark Desires and the Others|Because fear called her by her name. (Her own name, not fear’s name. Fear doesn’t have a name; it’s just the steady beat underneath a smile.)
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|He began to see the truth, that Ged had neither lost nor won but, naming the shadow of his death with his own name, had made himself whole: a man: who, knowing his whole true self, cannot be used or possessed by any power other than himself, and whose life therefore is lived for life's sake and never in the service of ruin, or pain, or hatred, or the dark. In the Creation of Ea, which is the oldest song, it is said, 'Only in silence the word, only in dark the light, only in dying life: bright the hawk's flight on the empty sky.
Margee Kerr|There, an engaging tour guide told jokes and made witty quips in between sensationalized and brutal stories of inmates "getting what they deserved" because, as she put it, "if you gonna act like an animal, you gonna get treated like one." (We know, thanks to Goffman and pretty much every behavior study out there, that it often works the other way around.)
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|In the artifacts that are conscious, memories of vanished lives still flicker. Tissues that were changed without dying hold the moment that a boy heard his sister was leaving home. They hold multiplication tables. They hold images of sexuality and violence and beauty. They hold the memories of flesh that no longer exists. They hold metaphors: mitochondria, starfish, Hitler’s-brain-in-a-jar, hell realm. They dream. Structures that were neurons twitch and loop and burn and dream. Images and words and pain and fear, endless.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey: An unusual free verse poetry collection|Hanging conversations,uncertain observations,incomplete imaginations.Unsent text messages,unreplied mails,undecided calls,unattended places.Unsettled pledges,distant searches.Some underutilized wages,some unseen dreams,sitting on dried leaves,believing the unbelieved…bidding adieu,to the accepted,how much she wanted todo,what was,detested!
Joe Peters|Mum was determinate to crush my spirit and put a stop to my behavior once and for all and she beat me up so violently, so often, that I finally understood I must never question her or so much as look at her directly again.
Joe Peters, Cry Silent Tears: The Heartbreaking Survival Story of a Small Mute Boy Who Overcame Unbearable Suffering and Found His Voice Again|When you're little you believe whatever your mother tells you, so I assumed it must be true, that I must be inferior to the others in some way.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows|Change happens, when we replace fear with hope.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Because of self-doubt, the fear of failure, or laziness, most people usually bite off way less than they can chew.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The continuation of man’s life is more attributable to his fear of death than it is to his desire to live. As a matter of fact, in countless cases, it is attributable to only the former.
Tennessee Williams, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof|Laws of silence don’t work…. When something is festering in your memory or your imagination, laws of silence don’t work, it’s just like shutting a door and locking it on a house on fire in hope of forgetting that the house is burning. But not facing a fire doesn’t put it out.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|Fear triggers need, need powers sincerity. Sincerity is the required element.
Ron Currie Jr., Everything Matters!|instead of venting my anger, which is really just hurt dressed up for a night on the town, I ask if anyone needs a drink.
Alanna Mitchell, Malignant Metaphor: Confronting Cancer Myths|They are very good odds. And I know that my scientific brain believes them, if not my panic-ridden, maternal one. Those odds should have made a difference to my reaction. I should have been able to take the diagnosis calmly, intelligently, reflectively. But that would be to assign rationality to this phenomenon. The trouble with abject fear - with searing, lurid metaphor - is that it is not rational. And the myths that spring out of fear that deep are certainly not. They are the stuff of nightmares. They are tenacious.
Barbara Bradley Hagerty, Life Reimagined: The Science, Art, and Opportunity of Midlife|Our brains resist change, they rail against it, our amygdala will always want the safe bet. But are the obstacles truly insurmountable? Is it a brick wall? Or is it a sliding door, which, once you decide to approach it, begins to swish open? Because even though our brains prefer safety in the short run, in the long run they crave meaning, challenge, and novelty.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|Freedom from fear's consuming control over us hinges upon our honestly dealing with what our overwhelming fears are specifically about and then coming to terms with those tedious, often emotionally driven details.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|The best antidote to the furtive poison of anger, fear, anxiety, or any of our destructive, unwieldy passions, is just gratitude. And not the grandiose, boisterous or especially obvious kind. It is not necessarily the verbose or expressive kind. It's often the full immersion, a kind of deep submersion even, into a pool of awareness. This penitent affect distills within us surreal realizations; it is a focus, tinged with layers of deep remorse and the profound beauty of newfound appreciation that washes over us about the simplest things we have slipped into, or suddenly become aware of our own complacency over. This cooling antidote instantly soothes any veins swollen with the heat of pride, or stopped up with pearls of finely polished self-pity. This all comes about with a balm of humility that is simultaneously soothing and jolting to all of our senses at the same time. It is a cocktail both sedative and stimulant in the same, finite instant. It often occurs as we are halted dead in our tracks by a thing so extraordinary and breathtakingly natural, even luscious in its simplicity and unusually ordinary existence; often something we have been blatantly negligent of noticing as we routinely trudge past it in our self-absorbed haze. These are akin to the emotions one might feel as they finally notice the well-established antique rose garden, in full bloom; the same one they have walked by for years on their way to somewhere - but never noticed before. This is the feeling we get when our aging parent suddenly, in one moment, is 87 in our mind's eye - and not the steady 57, or eternal 37 we have determinedly seen our so loved one to be, out of purely wishful thinking born of the denial that only the truest love and devotion can begin to nurture - for the better of many decades.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|When the whispers of fear and doubt start screaming inside of you, turn up the volume of your courage by focusing on your faith, energizing through example, living to learn, and learning to love and be loved better.
Barbara Bradley Hagerty, Life Reimagined: The Science, Art, and Opportunity of Midlife|At the bottom of every dilemma, he says, is fear, and the brain always prefers the bird in the hand to venturing into the bush, even if you are clutching a scrawny black crow.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|In the beginning, God created the earth, and he looked upon it in His cosmic loneliness.And God said, "Let Us make living creatures out of mud, so the mud can see what We have done." And God created every living creature that now moveth, and one was man. Mud as man alone could speak. God leaned close to mud as man sat up, looked around, and spoke. Man blinked. "What is the purpose of all this?" he asked politely."Everything must have a purpose?" asked God."Certainly," said man."Then I leave it to you to think of one for all this," said God.And He went away.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage|What should young people do with their lives today? Many things, obviously. But the most daring thing is to create stable communities in which the terrible disease of loneliness can be cured.
Victoria Moran, Lit From Within: Tending Your Soul For Lifelong Beauty|A simple life is not seeing how little we can get by with—that’s poverty—but how efficiently we can put first things first. . . . When you’re clear about your purpose and your priorities, you can painlessly discard whatever does not support these, whether it’s clutter in your cabinets or commitments on your calendar. (148)
Washington Irving|Great minds have purpose, others have wishes. Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortunes; but great minds rise above them.
Abraham Lincoln|You can have anything you want if you want it badly enough. You can be anything you want to be, do anything you set out to accomplish if you hold to that desire with singleness of purpose.
Robert M. Pirsig|To live only for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain that sustain life, not the top.
Lauren Bacall|Here is a test to find out whether your mission in life is complete. If you’re alive, it isn’t.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|Like most North Americans of his generation, Hal tends to know way less about why he feels certain ways about the objects and pursuits he's devoted to than he does about the objects and pursuits themselves. It's hard to say for sure whether this is even exceptionally bad, this tendency.
Robert James Waller|This is why I'm here on this planet, at this time, Francesca. Not to travel or make pictures, but to love you. I know that now. I have been falling from the rim of a great, high place, somewhere back in time, for many more years than I have lived in this life. And through all of those years, I have been falling toward you.
Rick Warren|The purpose of influence is to "speak up for those who have no influence." (Pr.31:8) It's not about you.
H.G. Wells|Find the thing you want to do most intensely, make sure that’s it, and do it with all your might. If you live, well and good. If you die, well and good. Your purpose is done
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|He does have surprising, secret purposes. I open a Bible, and His plans, startling, lie there barefaced. It’s hard to believe it, when I read it, and I have to come back to it many times, feel long across those words, make sure they are real. His love letter forever silences any doubts: “His secret purpose framed from the very beginning [is] to bring us to our full glory” (1 Corinthians 2:7 NEB).
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Pride makes us long for a solution to things – a solution, a purpose, a final cause; but the better telescopes become, the more stars appear.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|In Maycomb, if one went for a walk with no definite purpose in mind, it was correct to believe one's mind incapable of definite purpose.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|I'm not unhappy," he said. "Only people with no purpose are unhappy. I've got a purpose.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|Your emotions make you human. Even the unpleasant ones have a purpose. Don't lock them away. If you ignore them, they just get louder and angrier.
Rollo May, Man's Search for Himself|Finding the center of strength within ourselves is in the long run the best contribution we can make to our fellow men. ... One person with indigenous inner strength exercises a great calming effect on panic among people around him. This is what our society needs — not new ideas and inventions; important as these are, and not geniuses and supermen, but persons who can "be", that is, persons who have a center of strength within themselves.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Be above it! Make the world serve your purpose, but do not serve it!
Shannon L. Alder|Time is too swift for those who fear, too long for those who wait, too short for those who finally find peace, but for those who love, time is eternal. For nothing is ever lost that God wants you to find.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Whenever we want to combat our enemies, first and foremost we must start by understanding them rather than exaggerating their motives.
Dean Koontz|In spite of where we were, how we had gotten here and why we had come, I felt that at this moment of our lives, this place was exactly where we belonged. We were not drifting but rising, rising toward something right and of significance.
Jennifer DeLucy|But there was a special kind of gift that came with embracing the chaos, even if I cursed most of the way. I'm convinced that, when everything is wiped blank, it's life 's way of forcing you to become acquainted with and aware of who you are now, who you can become. What is the fulfillment of your soul?
Shannon L. Alder|Real women fight for something, other than their own emotions.
Woodrow Wilson|You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|But we are strong, each in our purpose, and we are all more strong together.
Bill Clegg, Did You Ever Have a Family|Rough as life can be, I know in my bones we are supposed to stick around and play our part. Even if that part is coughing to death from cigarettes, or being blown up young in a house with your mother watching. And even if it's to be that mother. Someone down the line might need to know you got through it. Or maybe someone you won't see coming will need you. Like a kid who asks you to help him clean motel rooms. Or some ghost who drifts your way, hungry. And good people might even ask you to marry them. And it might be you never know the part you played, what it meant to someone to watch you make your way each day. Maybe someone or something is watching us all make our way. I don't think we get to know why. It is, as Ben would say about most of what I used to worry about, none of my business.
Chris Hedges, War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning|The enduring attraction of war is this: Even with its destruction and carnage it can give us what we long for in life. It can give us purpose, meaning, a reason for living.
Jeremy Bentham, Constitutional Code; For the Use All Nations and All Governments Professing Liberal Opinions Volume 1|. . . in no instance has a system in regard to religion been ever established, but for the purpose, as well as with the effect of its being made an instrument of intimidation, corruption, and delusion, for the support of depredation and oppression in the hands of governments.
David Eddings, Sorceress of Darshiva|Garion,' she said very calmly, 'the universe knew your name before that moon up there was spun out of the emptiness. Whole constellations have been waiting for you since the beginning of time.'I didn't want them to, Aunt Pol.'There are those of us who aren't given that option, Garion. There are things that gave to be done and certain people who have to do them. It's as simple as that.'He smiled rather sadly at her flawless face and gently touched the snowy white lock at her brow. Then, for the last time in his life, he asked the question that had been on his lips since he was a tiny boy. 'Why me, Aunt Pol? Why me?'Can you possibly think of anyone else you'd trust to deal with these matters, Garion?'He had not really been prepared for that question. It came at him in stark simplicity. Now at last he fully understood. 'No,' he sighed, 'I suppose not. Somehow it seems a little unfair, though. I wasn't even consulted.'Neither was I, Garion,' she answered. 'But we didn't have to be consulted, did we? The knowledge of what we have to do is born into us.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|to cheat your way into a job bigger than your mind can handle is to become a fear-corroded ape on borrowed motions and borrowed time, and to settle down into a job that requires less than your mind’s full capacity is to cut your motor and sentence yourself to another kind of motion: decay - that your work is the process of achieving your values, and to lose your ambition for values is to lose your ambition to live - that your body is a machine, but your mind is its driver, and you must drive as far as your mind will take you, with achievement as the goal of your road - that the man who has no purpose is a machine that coasts downhill at the mercy of any boulder to crash in the first chance ditch, that the man who stifles his mind is a stalled machine slowly going to rust, that the man who lets a leader prescribe his course is a wreck being towed to the scrap heap, and the man who makes another man his goal is a hitchhiker no driver should ever pick up - that your work is the purpose of your life, and you must speed past any killer who assumes the right to stop you, that any value you might find outside your work, any other loyalty or love, can be only travelers you choose to share your journey and must be travelers going on their own power in the same direction.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Then she understood that what she needed was the motion to a purpose, no matter how small or in what form, the sense of an activity going step by step to some chosen end across a span of time. The work of cooking a meal was like a closed circle, completed and gone, leading nowhere. But the work of building a path was a living sum, so that no day was left to die behind her, but each day contained all those that preceded it, each day acquired its immortality on every succeeding tomorrow. A circle, she thought, is the movement proper to physical nature, they say that there's nothing but circular motion in the inanimate universe around us, but the straight line is the badge of man, the straight line of a geometrical abstraction that makes roads, rails and bridges, the straight line that cuts the curving aimlessness of nature by a purposeful motion from a start to an end. The cooking of meals, she thought, is like the feeding of coal to an engine for the sake of a great run, but what would be the imbecile torture of coaling an engine that had no run to make? It is not proper for man's life to be a circle, she thought, or a string of circles dropping off like zeros behind him--man's life must be a straight line of motion from goal to farther goal, each leading to the next and to a single growing sum, like a journey down the track of a railroad, from station to station to--oh, stop it!
Lawrence M. Krauss, A Universe from Nothing: Why There Is Something Rather Than Nothing|[I]n science we have to be particularly cautious about 'why' questions. When we ask, 'Why?' we usually mean 'How?' If we can answer the latter, that generally suffices for our purposes. For example, we might ask: 'Why is the Earth 93 million miles from the Sun?' but what we really probably mean is, 'How is the Earth 93 million miles from the Sun?' That is, we are interested in what physical processes led to the Earth ending up in its present position. 'Why' implicitly suggests purpose, and when we try to understand the solar system in scientific terms, we do not generally ascribe purpose to it.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.|The great thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are going.
Robin Jones Gunn, Finally and Forever|The key is for you to discover what you love to do, what you were created to do, and then do it for the people around you with love. That is the abundant life, dear girl, no matter where in the world you live.
Holly Mosier|It was after I first began to uplift my thoughts a bit that my cravings for junk food started to dissipate. I did not connect the two at that time. First, I simply noticed that I didn’t need to sleep so much. It took a while before I realized that in addition to my improved energy level, there was a direct correlation between chewing on mental garbage and putting garbage in my mouth.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|Dreamers like your wife are limited, little Helldiver.” She makes sure I don’t speak.“Understand that. The only power they have is in death. The harder they die, the loudertheir voice, the deeper the echoes. But your wife served her purpose.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|To ask, 'How do you do it?' is already starting off on the wrong foot. When reaching for the stars, there does not have to be a 'how' if there is a big enough 'why'.
Shūsaku Endō, Deep River|At the core of her senseless actions, she vaguely perceived that she yearned for something. A something that would provide her with a sure sense of fulfillment. But she could not fathom what that something might be.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|What did he have to mope about, really? What more did he want?...Love. Purpose. Those are the things that you can't plan for. Those are the things that just happen. And what if they don't happen? Do you spend your whole life pining for them? Waiting to be happy?
Anna Funder, Stasiland: Stories from Behind the Berlin Wall|I like trains. I like their rhythm, and I like the freedom of being suspended between two places, all anxieties of purpose taken care of: for this moment I know where I am going.
Shaun Hick|I may be going nowhere, but what a ride.
George R.R. Martin|And if I'm guilty of having gratuitous sex, then I'm also guilty of having gratuitous violence, and gratuitous feasting, and gratuitous description of clothes, and gratuitous heraldry, because very little of this is necessary to advance the plot. But my philosophy is that plot advancement is not what the experience of reading fiction is about. If all we care about is advancing the plot, why read novels? We can just read Cliffs Notes.A novel for me is an immersive experience where I feel as if I have lived it and that I've tasted the food and experienced the sex and experienced the terror of battle. So I want all of the detail, all of the sensory things—whether it's a good experience, or a bad experience, I want to put the reader through it. To that mind, detail is necessary, showing not telling is necessary, and nothing is gratuitous.
Johann Gottfried Herder|To think what is true, to sense what is beautiful and to want what is good, hereby the spirit finds purpose of a life in reason.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Are you desperate or determined? With desperation comes frustration. With determination comes purpose, achievement, and peace….
Spencer W. Kimball|They who reach down into the depths of life where, in the stillness, the voice of God is heard, have the stabilizing power which carries them poised and serene through the hurricane of difficulties.
Solon|The New Dimension is peaceful, and all work here just as they do on Earth. It’s a place where learning, knowledge and wisdom are essential to that work.It is not corrupt like the Earth Plane, and there they are free from all of the corruption that exists on Earth today.We created this New Dimension for growing and learning, as we did Earth.Minds here are advanced, as the knowledge that was acquired on Earth is now attuned to the minds of New Dimension souls.It is a slow process for all souls’ minds to learn and absorb knowledge and wisdom.Love is the answer for all kinds of souls to advance in the Universe. Through love, knowledge and wisdom are well earned.Critical thinking, the Earth Plane has gotten off track, forgetting or ignoring this most important key to progress.We all here in the Universe is working so hard with Earth souls to remind them that their purpose on Earth is to advance.First, they must love themselves if they are going to love all of those around them, if they are going to love other souls, if they are going to help less fortunate souls with love and kindness. All of this is part of Earth lessons they must learn.Once this is understood, we will attain peace of soul and mind…Progress is all that matters in the Universe!
Kevin Kelly, What Technology Wants|Our mission as humans is not only to discover our fullest selves in the technium, and to find full contentment, but to expand the possibilities for others. Greater technology will selfishly unleash our talents, but it will also unselfishly unleash others: our children, and all children to come.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Unlike wealth, there is an infinite value in legacy.
Paul David Tripp, Instruments in the Redeemer's Hands: People in Need of Change Helping People in Need of Change|The church is not a theological classroom. It is a conversion, confession, repentance, reconciliation, forgiveness and sanctification center, where flawed people place their faith in Christ, gather to know and love him better, and learn to love others as he designed.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I am a fugitive and a vagabond, a sojourner seeking signs.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|No! I don't want to speak of that! But I'm going to. I want you to hear. I want you to know what's in store for you. There will be days when you'll look at your hands and you'll want to take something and smash every bone in them, because they'll be taunting you with what they could do, if you found a chance for them to do it, and you can't find that chance, and you can't bear your living body because it has failed those hands somewhere. There will be days when a bus driver will snap at you as you enter a bus, and he'll be only asking for a dime, but that won't be what you hear; you'll hear that you're nothing, that he's laughing at you, that it's written on your forehead, that thing they hate you for. There will be days when you'll stand in the corner of a hall and listen to a creature on a platform talking about buildings, about the work you love, and the things he'll say will make you wait for somebody to rise and crack him open between two thumbnails; and then you'll hear people applauding him, and you'll want to scream, because you won't know whether they're real or you are, whether you're in a room full of gored skulls, or whether someone has just emptied your own head, and you'll say nothing, because the sounds you could make - they're not a language in that room any longer; but you'd want to speak, you won't anyway, because you'll be brushed aside, you who have nothing to tell them about buildings! Is that what you want?
Israelmore Ayivor|When your drive is moving your purpose, focus must hold the wheels else your might miss the way. And do you know what that means? Avoid Crash!!!. Stay focused!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The journey of the sun and moon is predictable, but yours is your ultimate art.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|But in the depths of his heart, the older he became, and the more intimately he knew his brother, the more and more frequently the thought struck him that this faculty of working for the public good, of which he felt himself utterly devoid, was possibly not so much a quality as a lack of something --not a lack of good, honest, noble desires and tastes, but a lack of vital force, of what is called heart, of that impulse which drives a man to choose someone out of the innumerable paths of life, and to care only for that one. The better he knew his brother, the more he noticed that Sergey Ivanovitch, and many other people who worked for the public welfare, were not led by an impulse of the heart to care for the public good, but reasoned from intellectual considerations that it was a right thing to take interest in public affairs, and consequently took interest in them. Levin was confirmed in this generalization by observing that his brother did not take questions affecting the public welfare or the question of the immortality of the soul a bit more to heart than he did chess problems, or the ingenious construction of a new machine.
Garth Nix, Sabriel|The Clayr saw me, the Wallmaker made me, the King quenched me, the Abhorsen wields me so that no Dead shall walk in Life. For this is not their path.
Rob Liano|Our sole purpose on this earth is to add value to others. It doesn’t make sense to just exist in people's lives or to be a drain on them, does it?
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|From the moment of my birth, I lived with pain at the center of my life. My only purpose in life was to find a way to coexist with intense pain.
Jeff Lindsay, Dearly Devoted Dexter|The key to a happy life is to have accomplishments to be proud of and purpose to look forward to, and at the moment I had both. How wonderful it was to be me.
Deborah Day|If you are unclear about what attitudes you adhere to, you will have a difficult time evaluation which ones are not serving your highest good.
Victoria Forester, The Girl Who Could Fly|She says it’s wrong to be frittering away my hours asking questions when there’s work to be done. But I don’t see how a question can be wrong. Can you, Pa? Ma says the Bible sets out what’s right and wrong so we don’t have to bother ourselves with it none but it seems to me that it ain’t so matter-of-fact. Like when you kilt that old cow last week and I didn’t want to eat it ’cause he was my favorite and so gentle besides. Ma said I was sinful to waste food. But I said that maybe we shouldn’t go about killing and eating cows when they was so peaceful-like. Ma said that was foolishness and that God put the cows here just so as we can eat ’em. But that don’t seem like such a good deal for the cows to me. Preacher told us not more than four Sundays ago that God loves all his creatures, but it ain’t loving to my way of thinking to create a thing just for it to be food. Them cows ain’t never done nothing to us. Which got me to thinking that maybe we got it wrong and they got a purpose we don’t know nothing about.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|My help had been needed and claimed; I had given it: I was pleased to have done something: trivial, transitory though the deed was, it was yet an active thing, and I was weary of an existence all passive.
Toni Sorenson|Figure out your passion. What floats your boat, rings your bell, lights your tree? A life without passion is possible, but not desirable. Have you really lived at all if you have not lived with passion? Without it would a masterpiece be possible? I don’t think so. With purpose, cause and passion, there is no way the end you envision will not become the reality you live.
Elizabeth Gaskell, My Lady Ludlow and Other Stories|Thus, you see, he arrived at the same end, via supposed duty, that he was previously pledged to via interest. I fancy a good number of us, when any line of action will promote our own interest, can make ourselves believe that reasons exist which compel us to it as a duty.
Thomas Jefferson|The most fortunate of us, in our journey through life, frequently meet with calamities and misfortunes which may greatly afflict us; and, to fortify our minds against the attacks of these calamities and misfortunes should be one of the principal studies and endeavors of our lives. The only method of doing this is to assume a perfect resignation to the Divine will, to consider that whatever does happen, must happen; and that, by our uneasiness, we cannot prevent the blow before it does fall, but we may add to its force after it has fallen. These considerations, and others such as these, may enable us in some measure to surmount the difficulties thrown in our way; to bear up with a tolerable degree of patience under the burden of life; and to proceed with a pious and unshaken resignation, till we arrive at our journey's end.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|She watched the tunnels as they flowed past: bare walls of concrete, a net of pipes and wires, a web of rails that went off into black holes where green and red lights hung as distant drops of color. There was nothing else to dilute it, so that one could admire naked purpose and the ingenuity that had achieved it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|I have no expectation that any man will read history aright who thinks that what was done in a remote age, by men whose names have resounded far, has any deeper sense than what he is doing today.
Charles Xavier (X-Men)|Just because someone stumbles and loses their path, doesn't mean they're lost forever.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Occupy your thoughts with purpose and you will be so busy pursuing a meaningful future there will be no time for doubt, chaos and disappointment.
Holly Mosier|Learn to say no to demands, requests, invitations, and activities that leave you with no time for yourself. Until I learned to say no, and mean it, I was always overloaded by stress. You may feel guilty and selfish at first for guarding your down- time, but you’ll soon find that you are a much nicer, more present, more productive person in each instance you do choose to say yes.
Jean-Paul Sartre|Man is nothing else but what he purposes, he exists only in so far as he realizes himself, he is therefore nothing else but the sum of his actions, nothing else but what his life is.
Holly Mosier|Our culture encourages us to plan every moment and fill our schedules with one activity and obligation after the next, with no time to just be. But the human body and mind require downtime to rejuvenate. I have found my greatest moments of joy and peace just sitting in silence, and then I take that joy and peace with me out into the world.
Deborah Day|The truth is that you are innately good, wise, and powerful. You were created in and for good.
John le Carré, The Honourable Schoolboy|Yet it's not for want of future that I'm here, he thought. It's for want of a present.
Ricky Maye|In all of your living, don't forget to live.
Charles R. Swindoll|Jesus has prepared the way and has made following our destiny possible, whereas we are helpless by ourselves. We can find and fulfill our purpose by responding to the clear, simple call of Jesus Christ: "Follow Me." He is the doorway to fulfilling our destiny, where our divine design and God-ordained purpose live in perfect harmony.
Howard Behar, It's Not About the Coffee: Leadership Principles from a Life at Starbucks|Do it because it's right, not because it's right for your resume.
B.L. Brown|Confinement is not a part of your destiny. Your life purpose is to take the totality of your negative experiences, roll them up into one, and use them positively to lay the foundation for your destiny. Confinement is not a part of your destiny. Your life purpose is to take the totality of your negative experiences, roll them up into one, and use them positively to lay the foundation for your destiny.
Amit  Chatterjee, Ascent: A Practising Manager's Growth Mantra|Leaders are passionate about the Purpose, while Managers need to be passionate about the Results!
Michael Poeltl|In such a person, sadness breeds purpose; finding inspiration in the darkness and often times, I believe, they will impress a hell onto their own lives in order to re-create it, that others might suffer the experience from the comfort of their armchairs. - Quote from Her Past's Present.
Brian Selznick, The Invention of Hugo Cabret|Did you ever notice that all machines are made for some reason?" he asked Isabelle. "They are built to make you laugh, like the mouse here, or to tell the time, like clocks, or to fill you with wonder like the automaton. Maybe that's why a broken machine always makes me a little sad, because it isn't able to do what it was made to do." Isabelle picked up the mouse, wound it again, and set it down. "Maybe it's the same with people," Hugo continued. "If you lose your purpose...it's like you're broken.
Sergei Lukyanenko, Day Watch|You're a Dark One," said Anton. "All you see in everything is evil, treachery, trickery.""All I do is not close my eyes to them," Edgar retorted. "And that's why I don't trust Zabulon. I distrust him almost as much as I do Gesar. I can even trust you more—you're just another unfortunate chess piece who happens by chance to be painted a different color from me. Does a white pawn hate a black one? No. Especially if the two pawns have their heads down together over a quiet beer or two.""You know," Anton said in a slightly surprised voice, "I just don't understand how you can carry on living if you see the world like that. I'd just go and hang myself.""So you don't have any counterarguments to offer?"Anton took a gulp of beer too. The wonderful thing about this natural Czech beer was that even if you drank lots of it, it still didn't make your head or your body feel heavy... Or was that an illusion?"Not a single one," Anton admitted. "Right now, this very moment, not a single one. But I'm sure you're wrong. It's just difficult to argue about the colors of the rainbow with a blind man. There's something missing in you... I don't know what exactly. But it's something very important, and without it you're more helpless than a blind man.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|But when he thought to complain about the burden of its weight, he remembered that, because he had the jacket, he had withstood the cold of the dawn.We have to be prepared for change, he thought, and he was grateful for the jacket's weight and warmth.The jacket had a purpose, and so did the boy.
Emil M. Cioran|Each of us must pay for the slightest damage he inflicts upon a universe created for indifference and stagnation, sooner or later, he will regret not having left it intact.
Mary Riley Smith|If we could push ajar the gates of life,And stand within, and all God's workings see,We could interpret all this doubt and strife,And for each mystery could find a key.But not today. Then be content, poor heart!God's plans, like lilies pure and white, unfold:We must not tear the close-shut leaves apart--Time will reveal the calyxes of gold.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|I searched modern fiction and poetry for clues to how we confronted and evaded reality, how we articulated our experience and turned to language not to revel ourselves but to hide. I was as sure then as I am now that by looking at contemporary Iranian fiction I could gain access to a real understanding of political and social events. (p289)
Brian Tracy|Act with purpose, courage, confidence, competence and intelligence until these qualities 'lock in' to your subconscious mind.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I am a sacrifice bound with cords to the horns of the world's rock altar, waiting for worms. I take a deep breath, I open my eyes. Looking, I see there are worms in the horns of the altar like live maggots in amber, there are shells of worms in the rock and moths flapping at my eyes. A wind from no place rises. A sense of the real exults me; the cords loosen: I walk on my way.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Man was created to glorify God. Now, that may encompass other things which God has planned for each man, but essentially, man was created to glorify God.
Margaret Craven, I Heard the Owl Call My Name|For me it has always been easier here, where only the fundamentals count, to learn what every man must learn in this world.""And that, my lord?""Enough of the meaning of life to be ready to die.
Kami Garcia|We are given to the great, for great purpose, to great ends. We are given to the grave, for grave purposes, to grave ends.
Israelmore Ayivor|A young child is a leader to an elderly person once his purpose has a faithful, sincere and trustworthy influence on people. Leadership is not restricted to position and age; it is self-made and influencial. Everyone has this self-leadership quality.
Sri Chinmoy, Yoga And The Spiritual Life; The Journey Of India's Soul|Has your soul a special mission? Yes. Your mission is in the inmost recesses of your heart, and you have to find and fulfil it there. There can be no external way for you to fulfil your mission. The deer grows musk in his own body. He smells it and becomes enchanted, and tries to locate its source. He runs and runs, but he cannot find the source. In his endless search, he loses all his energy and finally he dies. But the source he was so desperately searching for was within himself. How could he find it elsewhere?Such is the case with you. Your special mission- which is the fulfilment of your divinity- is not outside you, but within you. Search within. Meditate within. You will discover your mission.
Charles R. Swindoll|Peter's destiny lay along a different path from John's. And your calling is unlike anyone else's. But the call remains the same: "Follow Me!
Israelmore Ayivor|The concept of leadership is abused by people who think a person becomes a leader when he grows grey hair, put into a position and expected to function. Everyone has a leadership potential carried within in a specific area of his or purpose. Leadership is universal and built on trust.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|God is a God of purpose. He doesn't wake-up and start dabbling into things; He doesn't practice trial and error. His ways are sure, they may be low but they are always sure.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|And there wasn’t anything he wanted to do that he couldn’t make time for. What did he have to mope about, really? What more did he want? Love, he could hear Eve saying. Purpose. Love. Purpose. Those are the things that you can’t plan for. Those are the things that just happen. And what if they don’t happen? Do you spend your whole life pining for them? Waiting to be happy?
M.F. Moonzajer|You are the reality.The sense of of worship, love, devotion and loyalty.You are the purpose of life and existence. That is why I am still alive.
Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories|I had as yet no notion that life every now and then becomes literature—not for long, of course, but long enough to be what we best remember, and often enough so that what we eventually come to mean by life are those moments when life, instead of going sideways, backwards, forward, or nowhere at all, lines out straight, tense and inevitable, with a complication, climax, and, given some luck, a purgation, as if life had been made and not happened.
Loren Eiseley, The Immense Journey|I am sure now that life is not what it is purported to be and that nature, in the canny words of the Scotch theologue, 'is not as natural as it looks.
Naomi Alderman, Doctor Who: Borrowed Time|The thing about the Lexington International Bank ladder was that it was very long, and climbing it was very exhausting, and so Andrew Brown didn't have a lot of time to think about whether he really wanted to get to the top of it—and besides, since so many other people were climbing too, the view from the top must be worth it.So he kept going. He worked hard. He put his heart and mind and soul into it. There was an opening for a position half a rung higher than he already was. With a promotion, he might get two hours a week of a secretary's time. He'd go to more important meetings, with more senior people, and have the opportunity to impress them, and if he did he might be promoted again and then... well, of course eventually he'd be running the whole office. It's important to have a dream: otherwise you might notice where you really are.
William H. Gass, Fiction and the Figures of Life|It is not a single cowardice that drives us into fiction's fantasies. We often fear that literature is a game we can't afford to play — the product of idleness and immoral ease. In the grip of that feeling it isn't life we pursue, but the point and purpose of life — its facility, its use.
Rainer Maria Rilke|But because truly being here is so much; because everything here apparently needs us, this fleeting world, which in some strange way keeps calling to us. Us, the most fleeting of all. Once for each thing. Just once; no more. And we too, just once. And never again. But to have been this once, completely, even if only once: to have been at one with the earth, seems beyond undoing.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|...all around George, approaching him, crossing his path from every direction, is the male and female raw material which is fed daily into this factory, along the conveyor-belts of the freeways, to be processed, packaged and placed on the market...What do they think they are up to? Well, there is the official answer; preparing themselves for life which means a job and security in which to raise children to prepare themselves for life which means a job and security in which...Here, in their midst, George feels a sort of vertigo. Oh God, what will become of them all? What chance have they? Ought I yell out to them, right now, here, that it's hopeless?But George knows he can't do that. Because, absurdly, inadequately, in spite of himself almost, he is a representative of hope. And the hope is not false. No. It's just that George is like a man trying to sell a real diamond for a nickel, on the street. The diamond is protected from all but the tiniest few, because the great hurrying majority can never stop to dare to believe that it could conceivably be real.
John Witherspoon|Men are not generally sufficiently aware of the distinction between the law of God and his purpose; they are apt to suppose, that as the temper of the sinner is contrary to the one, so the outrages of the sinner are able to defeat the other; than which nothing can be more false.
Takayuki Yamaguchi, シグルイ 15|We are the same, you and I. Whether samurai or night-hawk, the Suruga Dainagon or member of the Toudouza, it makes no difference. My sword is the proof...."These words, wrung from the very depths of his soul, surprised even Seigen himself. He had not risen in the world merely in order to satisfy his ambition, but in order to repudiate hierarchical society and the fixed class system.
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio, The Book of Flights|[M]ay not literature (and, in particular, fiction) be considered a desperate and permanently thwarted effort to produce a unique form of expression? Something like a cry, perhaps, a cry that, somehow, inexplicably contains all the millions of words that have ever existed, anywhere, in any age. In contrast with the spoken word and its classifying function, the purpose of writing seems, rather, to be a quest for the egg, the seed, nothing more.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, We Were Eight Years in Power: An American Tragedy|I remembered that once, as a child, I was filled with wonder, that I had marveled at tri-folded science projects, encyclopedias, and road atlases. I left much of that wonder somewhere between Mrs.Wheeler's class and Mondawmin Mall, somewhere between the schools and the streets. Now I had the privilege of welcoming it back like a long-lost friend, though our reunion was laced with grief; I mourned over all the years that were lost. The mourning continues. Even today, from time to time, I find myself on beaches watching six-year-olds learn to surf, or at colleges listening to sophomores slip from English to Italian, or at cafés seeing young poets flip though 'The Waste Land,' or listening to the radio where economists explain economic things that I could've explored in my lost years, mourning, hoping that I and all my wonder, my long-lost friend, had not yet run out of time, though I know that we all run out of time, and some of us run out of it faster.
Tom Cunningham|Willpower and determination have their limits. A compelling life purpose, one you believe God created you for, will help you push beyond those limits
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Sleepers: A Little Book on How to Find Hope, Meaning and the Courage to Fall in Love with Your Dreams|Your dream is the prayer the Universe makes to you, because in its fulfilment it grows together with you.
Charbel Tadros|A drop of rain knows not where it lands after it is born from the cloud. It will then either remain in place till it evaporates, or it will try to make its way to the sea. Humans are the same. When they are born, they know not where they will land. However, they can either remain in place and die while accomplishing nothing, or they can find their true destiny.
Charbel Tadros|Even if life has no purpose, it doesn’t mean that yours shouldn’t have one either. The universe will not care either way.
Charbel Tadros|Death only comes when a being has served its purpose. From a narrow perspective, that purpose may not be clear, but in the grand scheme of things, it makes perfect sense.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Only Light can drive away the shadows, Darkness can never be diminished by more darkness.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|If I could tell the world just one thing... We are ALL OK, not to worry because worry is wasteful and useless anyway. We must not be made useless, must not worship the idol of despair... We must gather ourselves in faith for it is Light that the darkness does most fear. We are Eternal and NEVER broken. We must fall upon our knees in prayer, that We might be God's Hands... We are ALL OK.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Through sincere Thankfulness, the incredibly difficult struggles of my yesterday, have been transformed into the“Good ol’ Days” upon which I can now Peacefully reflect .
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Once I began taking inventory of ALL I was Grateful for, the warehouse I had packed with notebooks listing all I lacked became obsolete.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|An abundance of thinking leads to me, me, me.An abundance of Thanking leads to YOU, YOU, YOU!
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|As I count my blessings, I feel God's Loving Hands touching each of them.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Moderation in all good things of this mortal world, however there must be no Spiritual moderation... Devotion to our lovingFather in Heaven must never be of moderation.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|I never speak from a place of perfection, for I have mastered no Spiritual matter, or worldly either, I speak only because I am seeking with all my Soul to consistently improve and progress, to be a bit more worthy this second than I was the last, And only desire to share my travels and ponderings, for as I share, even more is learned. Please take none of my words as judgement, for I am and never have been in a position to judge. Still a reminder... I have mastered none, I am still learning...It's good to have goals.
Jennifer A. Doudna, A Crack in Creation: Gene Editing and the Unthinkable Power to Control Evolution|As we began discussing authorship of a white paper summarizing our conclusions, we debated who our target audience should be and what kind of outcome we were hoping to achieve.
Toni Morrison, Home|Although each of her nurses was markedly different from the others in looks, dress, manner of speech, food and medical preferences, their similarities were glaring. There was no excess in their gardens because they shared everything. There was no trash or garbage in their homes because they had a use for everything. They took responsibility for their lives and for whatever, whoever else needed them. The absence of common sense irritated but did not surprise them. Laziness was more than intolerable to them; it was inhuman. Whether you were in the field, the house, your own backyard, you had to be busy. Sleep was not for dreaming; it was for gathering strength for the coming day. Conversation was accompanied by tasks; ironing, peeling, shucking, sorting, sewing, mending, washing, or nursing. You couldn't learn age, but adulthood was there for all. Mourning was helpful but God was better and they did not want to meet their Maker and have to explain a wasteful life. They knew He would ask each of them one question: "What have you done?
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Talents|Consider--We are bornNot with purpose,But with potential.
Ogwo David Emenike|I believe that our sole responsibility is to reach out, uplift one another and lighten one another's burdens. If we are not doing this, then we are yet to start living. What a man owes his fellow is a transforming encounter.
Latika Teotia|Who said that life is a bed of roses and it is smooth sailing all the way? It is full of challenges and is a roller coaster ride with no respite. We have to deal with family issues, break ups, accidents, health issues, deaths and many other unforeseen calamities. Never give up and never ever give in. The challenge is to rise after you fall and come out stronger from that experience. Don’t be afraid, face life bravely and don’t deviate from your main purpose. Enjoy life to the hilt.
John Ortberg, The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You|Even you can’t tell yourself how to change, because you didn’t create you. To love someone is to desire and work toward their becoming the best version of themselves. The one person in all the universe who can do this perfectly for you is God. He has no other agenda. He has no unmet needs he is hoping you can help him with. And he knows what the best version of you looks like. He delighted in the idea of it, and he is already working on it. The apostle Paul said, “We know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him.” Which means God is at work every moment to help you become his best version of you.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|There is nothing in the world, I venture to say, that would so effectively help one to survive even the worst conditions as the knowledge that there is a meaning in one's life. There is much wisdom in the words of Nietzsche: "He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you invest your life, you reproduce your life.
Ahmed Mostafa|Without purpose, we're zombies aimlessly roaming the earth.
Harrish Sairaman|What seems to be a chaotic life is just a systematic, engineered Life driven for a purpose!!! The day you find peace in chaos, the game changes!
Nick Vujicic, Unstoppable: The Incredible Power of Faith in Action|You and I were put on this earth to serve something greater than our narrow interests. When our focus becomes self-centered instead of God-centered we lose our greatest source of power. Our God-given talents are meant to benefit others. When we use them for that greater purpose, we put faith into action to fulfill His plan for us. We make a difference in this world that helps prepare us for the next.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, Forever, Interrupted|I liked being needed by him. I liked making his food for him, running his baths for him, massaging his muscles. I liked caring for him, taking care of him. It made me feel like I had a real purpose. It felt so good to make him feel even the littlest bit better.
Melanie Dickerson, The Captive Maiden|Do you think God has a different purpose for every person,' Gisela asked, 'or is his purpose the same for everyone?'...'God wants us all to strive to grow more like Jesus, to become holy as he is holy, but God has a specific purpose for each person. How could it not be so? Everyone in a village cannot be a baker, because who would then make the candles or shoe the horses or grow the food? God says we are like a body. 'The eye cannot say to the hand, "I don't need you." And the head cannot say the feet, "I don't need you."''Does the Bible say that?''Oh, yes, and it says, "Now you are the body of Christ, and each one of you is part of it." Just as the villagers are part of a village and have different tasks, we all have tasks to do for the Lord God.
Harsh Agrawal, Google AdSense Mastery Guide: A-Z of Making Money from World's biggest Ad network|Start doing what you want to do. You will only get better with time. Or you’ll realize you want to be doing something else. Either way, one of those things is better than sitting & waiting!
Avina Celeste|Lots of paths lead to beautiful places, but always remember someone had to make those paths. Have no fear in making your own path.
Ilyasah Shabazz, X|I'm not meant to be part of the things that are wrong with the world, but neither am I meant to run from them. I'm meant to fight against them. I can't hold my own in the ring, but out in the world, I do know how to fight. With words. With truth.
Ella Wilcox Wheeler|The fortunate is he whose earnest purpose never swerves,Whose slightest action or inaction servesThe one great aim.Why, even Death stands still, And waits an hour sometimesFor such a will.
Terry a O'Neal|In art, music, and writing, if it's not of the heart, it means nothing.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|For the glory of God, the good of others, and the satisfaction of our souls, the aim of the Christian life is our coming to share in…Christlikeness or godliness—which is ‘holiness’ rightly understood.
Elizabeth Carlton, Chivalry's Code|Was it worth it? My death, I mean. Did I die for something worthwhile?
Gift Gugu Mona|I will not cease to walk in the direction towards my purpose, even if it means constantly walking on a bumpy road.
Fennel Hudson, Fine Things - Fennel's Journal - No. 8|Character and purpose are directly linked to confidence and conviction. What links them? Courage – to be oneself, no matter what others might say.
Sunday Adelaja|If you don’t take care of the disenfranchised and outcasts of your city, they will come knocking on your door one day with revenge and bitterness
Sunday Adelaja|When you show love and empathy to people, you draw them closer to your beliefs and traditions
Sunday Adelaja|Bring solutions, results and change to people
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t just be a church goer, find God
Sunday Adelaja|When you become a transformer, you become faced with the challenge of skepticism
Sunday Adelaja|As believers, we should make the Kingdom of God visible to the people
Sunday Adelaja|The Kingdom of God is about peace, love, joy and righteousness
Sunday Adelaja|You need to answer questions on where, when and what to do
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t try to use God to achieve your purpose. Rather, aim to achieve His
Sunday Adelaja|Once you become delivered, you have to find your calling and how to discover God’s purpose for your life
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t wait for people to locate you. Rather, reach out to people and help to bring them to Christ
Sunday Adelaja|When you begin to pursue your promised land, you get a lot of prohibitions and temptations
Kabelo Mabona|Ultimately, we are all dead men - we only become born again after we have discovered our purpose, a reason to live.
Kabelo Mabona|But whatever it is, if it doesn't give you strength from rendering its service it's not your purpose.
Gift Gugu Mona|When people reject you, don't be discouraged, because you can still fulfill your God given purpose without them. Remember that your destiny is not tied to any human being, but designed specially for you, by your Creator.
Gift Gugu Mona|You will have to defy the odds, for you to be extraordinary.
Gift Gugu Mona|You will have to defy the odds, for you to become extraordinary.
Kris Noel|He thought how silly it was that he believed in something so arbitrary. He foolishly believed he had a purpose, that he was destined for something better.Now he had to live with the fact that he was just a lonely boy with no identity at all.And he had made a lot of terrible mistakes.
Sunday Adelaja|Until you take time to discover yourself, you never know what you can achieve or how far you can go
Sunday Adelaja|Leaders are not born, but made as a result of hard work
Sunday Adelaja|Time is a running factor; once it goes, it cannot be reclaimed
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t procrastinate, start building yourself now!
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t just save yourself alone, also bring salvation the people around you
Sunday Adelaja|To be relevant, you need to be purposeful
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t just practice religion, abide by the principles of Christ
Sunday Adelaja|When you provide things for free to meet their needs and help them discover their skills, they automatically become your family
Sunday Adelaja|As Christians, we should live a Kingdom-driven life
Sunday Adelaja|Take principles, not just religion, to people
Sunday Adelaja|To bring relevance to people, you have to be able to speak their language effectively
Sunday Adelaja|To fully carry out your purpose as believers, you have to discover where the people you want to minister to are
Sunday Adelaja|Demonstrate love to the people first, and then teach them to observe biblical principles
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t limit yourself, discover new areas of expertise
Sunday Adelaja|For every day spent at a job, you empty your life
Sunday Adelaja|When you accept employment, you are admitting that you cannot think or develop yourself
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I’m perplexed by the fact that I’m constantly lost, maybe somewhere in my head I’ve determined that being lost serves a greater purpose than being found.
Catherine Louise Birmingham|Love never had a stronger pull, then from Souls coming together for a joint purpose.
Gift Gugu Mona|It is reasonable to reason with God because when you only rely on human reasoning, you will be diverted from your purpose.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|The Game gives you a Purpose. The Real Game is, to Find a Purpose.
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|This rock has seen billions of years of living organisms and will see many more once we die and turn to dirt. Our life is but one tiny, brief, insignificant piece of this vast universe. So, why, the nihilist argues, do people really think that it is important to be a “good person”, get good grades, or get a good job? What difference could that possibly make to anything?Nihilism is an honest evaluation of what a universe without God would look like. Nietzsche was right about that. Where he went wrong was in thinking this was true of the actual universe.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We all have a life to live! We all have unique and distinctive purposes to fulfill! Everybody has a purpose on earth, and everybody must live the true purpose why God gives life to us each day! You are not on earth to compete with anybody but your true purpose. You are not on earth to compare yourself to anybody, but the you in you and the true purpose for which you came here! Life is good when you don’t compare yourself in a manner that will make you feel bad. Life is good when you know your true purpose in life and who you must live to be and to please! You fulfill your true you distinctively when you understand you are you and not anybody! So many people are living others destiny just because they have neglected their own true purpose! So many people think badly just because they compare themselves wrongfully with others and things! Everybody has a life and everybody must live a life! If there is any reason to compare yourself to others and things, let it be the inspiration you get from comparing yourself with others and things that makes you do something unique! There is a true reason for our existence on earth and we must reason from nothing, but the true reason why we live each day!
Sōseki Natsume, And Then|According to his thinking, man was not born for a particular purpose. Quite the opposite: a purpose developed only with the birth of an individual. To objectively fabricate a purpose at the outset and to apply it to a human being was to rob him at birth of freedom of action. Hence, purpose was something that the individual had to make for himself. But no one, no matter who, could freely create a purpose. This was because the purpose of one's existence was as good as announced to the universe by the course of that existence itself.Starting from this premise, Daisuke held that one's natural activities constituted one's natural purposes. A man walked because he wanted to. Then walking became his purpose. He thought because he wanted to. Then, thinking became his purpose. Just as to walk or to think for a particular purpose meant the degradation of walking and thinking, so to establish an external purpose and to act to fulfill it meant the degradation of action. Accordingly, those who used the sum of their actions as a means to an end were in effect destroying the purpose of their own existence.
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|It seems that rather than abandon their worldview, many young people are abandoning their lives altogether. I am disturbed to see the number of suicides and suicide attempts by those between the ages of fourteen and twenty-five. Many of their suicide notes report they had lost meaning, purpose and a sense that life held any value.This is no longer just about philosophy. This is about the very real lives we are all trying to make sense of here on Earth.
Sunday Adelaja|When you lose your job, you gain ownership of your life
Colin Feltham, Keeping Ourselves in the Dark|We evolved haphazardly within a random universe; no purpose underpins us, no God watches over us, and no assured glorious future awaits us. We are saddled with a dualistic consciousness that weighs us down and plays tricks on us. We have built and seem unable to dismantle a dehumanizing and destructive civilization and mindset that perpetuates deceit and greed. We can make ourselves as comfortable as possible, as doctors tell their terminally ill patients, but we are sadly incurable.
Brett Armstrong|If fiction and fantasy books are escapism, then let an author write them so as to better equip the reader to face reality by the end.
Anupama Garg|Observe the things you are instintively attracted to, they are often linked to your purpose and path in life.
Sesan Kareem|There is always a worthy prize for DISCOVERY. Discover what you love doing, develop and deploy it and LIFE has new meanings everyday
Haruki Murakami|I myself, as I’m writing, don’t know who did it. The readers and I are on the same ground. When I start to write a story, I don’t know the conclusion at all and I don’t know what’s going to happen next. If there is a murder case as the first thing, I don’t know who the killer is. I write the book because I would like to find out. If I know who the killer is, there’s no purpose to writing the story.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|However far I’ve come, it’s probably somewhere less than halfway of where I could be if I simply believed in myself.
Neena Verma|Appreciate, Let purpose inspire action, Learn with humility, Go beyond .. all in Here & Now.
Sunday Adelaja|People with victim mentality get accustomed to life with an assistance of someone’s mind, waiting for someone to make decisions for him
Sunday Adelaja|The negative way of thinking based on constant complaints, strains, and objections of discontent steals our energy
Sunday Adelaja|People with victim mentality attracts people in their lives that tease them, abuse them and even bully them instead of building mutually benefitting relationships
Sunday Adelaja|Step beyond the scopes and limits because a narrow minded person has such boundaries of thinking “I cannot , but I must
Sunday Adelaja|A person with a victim complex is incapable of achieving his goal without someone’s assistance, advice and prompts
Sunday Adelaja|Life can be spent in an atmosphere of continuous encouragement, you will ignore the complex and it will disappear
Sunday Adelaja|Files of the past can be changed through shock, encouragement or pain
Sunday Adelaja|We underestimate ourselves, we do not believe in our strength, abilities, and talents and we have a distorted vision of ourselves
Sunday Adelaja|Parents are labelling, criticizing and reproaching the child on any account
Sunday Adelaja|Without accepting our personality, we try to meet the requirements of the society and do everything to be accepted
Sunday Adelaja|You cannot act in the old way, as you got used to, as you have been programmed in your childhood, you will have to change yourself or otherwise you will not survive
Sunday Adelaja|Thinking can change through the pronunciation of the word of God in your life , because it contains enough strength and energy to change your sub-consciousness
Sunday Adelaja|If you are indecisive, make decisions quickly and act in accordance with your decisions you will be able to acquire a new habit
Sunday Adelaja|Without accepting ourselves, we try to meet requirements of society and do everything to be accepted
Sunday Adelaja|A person with victim mentality cannot find himself, his life mission, and go towards his aims
Sunday Adelaja|People with victim mentality, consider actions such as making decisions, setting goals and achieving them to be nothing more than formidable obstacles
Sunday Adelaja|People with victim mentality often do not have life purpose, because they do not know how to acquire them unless someone plans their future for them
Sunday Adelaja|If a child is loved, he feels worthy of love in the future
Sunday Adelaja|If a child is roughly treated and not respected and not shown love, the child will have problems with self-esteem
Sunday Adelaja|For parents, it is important to respect the personality of a child
Sunday Adelaja|In order to change thinking into the positive way, we need to analyze what complexes we have received
Sunday Adelaja|When a complex is acquired, personal development is stopped and the person even being an adult, sometimes behaves in a childish and immature way
Sunday Adelaja|Our subconscious mind stores all our negative beliefs, complexes and behavioral patterns
Sunday Adelaja|It is necessary to analyze all the restricting beliefs and complexes, which we acquired in childhood, from family, school and society
Sunday Adelaja|As a result, your subconscious mind will do its best to keep you from a successful marriage, because you have a disagreement between your consciousness and sub consciousness
Sunday Adelaja|Sub-consciousness is extremely selfish, it will do anything to keep you safe and main in a comfort zone
Sunday Adelaja|Negative beliefs and complexes are stored in your subconscious mind and create a weakness, which will not let you succeed in life
Sunday Adelaja|When a child is immersed in a certain environment, his thinking is formed by roles models of behavior demonstrated by parents in the family who have had a great influence on the formation of thinking of the child
Sunday Adelaja|You are the characterize, values and beliefs that are inherent only inside you
Sunday Adelaja|You need to do research, to approach the study of the issue from all sides
Sunday Adelaja|It is proved that those who have plans but do not record them, lose to those who have written plans
Sunday Adelaja|Make a plan that concern your purpose, your calling and describes exactly what should be done every day for your purpose and life mission
Sunday Adelaja|Every woman needs to appreciate her natural beauty, but she also needs to analyze the topic of complexes in general
Sunday Adelaja|When we access ourselves wrongly, we are mistaken about our abilities
Sunday Adelaja|When we access ourselves wrongly, we cannot see our ability to achieve a goal
Sunday Adelaja|So a complex, by distorting our perception of ourselves in our mind, builds obstacles that prevent achievement of our goals
Sunday Adelaja|Remember! If during the day a person didn’t do anything concerning his purpose and calling, he did nothing at all
Sunday Adelaja|We cannot achieve or goal when we are afraid, not confident, passive and indecisive
Sunday Adelaja|To get rid of complexes and consequently, to finding a more conscious and harmonious life is to see and understand where these distortions occurs in our lives
Sunday Adelaja|The larger the complex, the more the energy it takes away from us
Sunday Adelaja|The more energy taken, the less energy that is left for us to implement our goals and the smaller the probability of realization of our innate potential
Sunday Adelaja|Many people do not understand why they cannot do well in their lives, even with a lot of training, using short- term and long term plans and most importantly having a huge potential
Sunday Adelaja|Dividing the goal into pieces must be brought down to the smallest measurable element, a day, to know exactly what to do every day
Sunday Adelaja|You need to think about the month, you need to plan the day, you need to take your elephant and divide into pieces and eat a slice a day
Sunday Adelaja|The most important thing you need to do to accomplish your purpose is to stop, get comfortable, sit down and find time for thinking
Sunday Adelaja|You need to study, to examine deeply the field you are interested in
Sunday Adelaja|You do not need to think about a month, you need to plan the day
Sunday Adelaja|You must learn to see everything around yourself as your resources, your opportunities and turn them into your weapons so that everything works in your favor and helps to achieve your goal
Sunday Adelaja|You have to be firm, persistent, passionate, and driven by the idea and have a strong desire to bring your product to the market
Sunday Adelaja|If during the day, a person did not do anything about his purpose and calling, he did nothing at all
Sunday Adelaja|Stopping, sitting down and finding time for reflection are considered to be the most essential action related to fulfilling a human’s destination
Sunday Adelaja|To sit down means to calm down without rush and fuss, stop and reflect, analyze all pros and cons, count all possible merits and faults
Sunday Adelaja|When you have an idea about something, let begin to work on it to bring it to life
Sunday Adelaja|Having collected enough information concerning your topic, you will be able to achieve your dream
Sunday Adelaja|A system should be viable, it should let your dream to be developed and born
Sunday Adelaja|To bring your dreams into reality, write down all details of your process from A-Z
Sunday Adelaja|Study in direction of your field and find maximum amount of information about it , read all possible information concerning it
Sunday Adelaja|In bringing dreams into fulfillment, pay no attention to different obstacles and difficulties
Sunday Adelaja|If we do not set the time limits, we can get caught up in the process and never achieve the goal
Sylvain Neuvel, Waking Gods|You were made for a particular purpose, but you can be anything you want. Anything, including that.
Derren Brown, Happy: Why More or Less Everything is Absolutely Fine|Many atheists might proudly proclaim that our lives have no ultimate meaning, yet the business of finding significance in one's life is perhaps the most important part of being human. When we drift into a life without meaning, we soon become a pack of symptoms and pathologies; and without any feeling of significance, many choose to end their lives altogether.
Sunday Adelaja|God is not against money, He is against the money been used outside His purpose
Germany Kent|Never give up. Things may be hard, but if you quit trying they'll never get better. Stop worrying and start trusting God. It will be worth it.
Longinus, On Great Writing|What then did those immortals see, the writers who aimed at all which is greatest and scorned the accuracy which lies in every detail? They saw many other things and they also saw this, that Nature determined man to be no low or ignoble animal; but introducing us into life and this entire universe as into some vast assemblage, to be spectators, in a sort, of her entirety, and most ardent competitors, did then implant in our souls an invincible and eternal love of that which is great and, by our own standard, more devine. Therefore it is, that for the speculation and thought which are within the scope of human endeavour not all the universe together is sufficient, our conceptions often pass beyond the bounds which limit it; and if a man were to look upon life all around, and see how in all things the extraordinary, the great, the beautiful stand supreme, he will at once know for what ends we have been born.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Hard work pays, but not all the time! Hard work without a good sense of purpose, due diligence and a true direction and vision only leads to the ditch. Life is a battle and only those who fight well, by working hard with a good sense of purpose and direction, win! Work hard with diligence and find a good time for pleasure, for pleasure is a treasure!
Sunday Adelaja|Even if you are completely busy at work, you should still have a constant ministry in the church
Sunday Adelaja|The devil will try and do everything possible to stop, distract us from our purpose
Sunday Adelaja|Find the right surroundings, the people who will help you to carry out your mission and realize your gift
Sunday Adelaja|It is a fact that you have a calling, but you must also know when the time comes for its fulfillment
Sunday Adelaja|You will encounter disappointments in your ministry, in yourself, and even in God Himself but remember that all these are intrigues of the devil
Sunday Adelaja|There are three blessings which God has prepared for those who serve Him with faith and in truth; Material, physical and victory over enemies
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not evaluate your salvation highly enough, then in time you will backslide
Sunday Adelaja|Your calling is important, regardless of its status or other people’s opinion
Sunday Adelaja|If you are focused on your calling, the efforts of any adversary will prove powerless
Sunday Adelaja|God does not like lazy people, He likes those who work
Sunday Adelaja|If you are positive about your calling, then it does not matter how hard or complicated it is
Sunday Adelaja|Even if no one is listening to you or you are being persecuted, go on speaking, do not keep quiet
Sunday Adelaja|There is nothing wrong with you being tempted, the important thing is that you do not fall for the temptation
Sunday Adelaja|You have a calling, but this does not mean that you must start your ministry immediately
Sunday Adelaja|When a person is discouraged, he loses self-control and patience
Sunday Adelaja|In the world, the disappointed or annoyed person seeks revenge
Sunday Adelaja|There will be moments in your life, when it seems you can no longer go on and you want to give up everything
Sunday Adelaja|Discouragement is your enemy, therefore resist it
Sunday Adelaja|With patience, you will finish the race set before you
Sunday Adelaja|Learn in good time to recognize disillusionment, so as to continue living your life according to the will of the Lord
Sunday Adelaja|Discouragement leads away from the right path, and accomplishes the devil’s desire for destruction
Sunday Adelaja|Regardless of how old you are, who you were, now you are a peculiar people, specially called
Sunday Adelaja|You do not belong to yourself, you belong to God
Sunday Adelaja|There may be blasphemy and opposition to your calling, but you must continue fulfilling your calling
Sunday Adelaja|In the life of every Christian, there is a wilderness experience
Sunday Adelaja|We must forget the past because in Jesus Christ, all things have become new
Sunday Adelaja|If you are still tied to your past, the devil will keep using it as a weapon against you
Sunday Adelaja|Meditate only on that which God has laid in your spirit, so that you will not live on the past
Sunday Adelaja|When you come to God, the devil will remind you about the pleasures of sin
Sunday Adelaja|Discouragement comes to those Christians, who are living and are working hard to fulfill their visions and callings
Sunday Adelaja|Even in extreme conditions, we should not act according to the flesh, for it lusts against the spirit
Sunday Adelaja|If the spirit lusts against the flesh, work so that you can gain the victory over the flesh
Sunday Adelaja|If the flesh says that you should stop, then you must move forward
Sunday Adelaja|Pray and fast for your ministry, proclaim it and prophesy victory to yourself
Sunday Adelaja|God created you to be a great, special, and distinguished individual among others, for you to accomplish that which God has put in you
Sunday Adelaja|For you to know your calling and push aside the veil covering your future, it is necessary to turn to God in prayer and meditate on the Word of God
Sunday Adelaja|You must ask and meditate, after which the Holy Spirit will awaken your spirit to be joined with Him
Sunday Adelaja|We are not afraid of rivalry, for we are unique
Sunday Adelaja|Discover yourself, discover what God has called you for, and find your place in life, so that you can fulfill God’s purpose for your life
Sunday Adelaja|If you continue to live in your past after coming to Jesus and accepting Him as Lord and Savior, then you are still a long way from moving forward
Sunday Adelaja|You can fulfill what the Lord called you to do and for you to fulfill this mission, there must be no impediments
Sunday Adelaja|If God forgave you, then forget your past and renounce it
Sunday Adelaja|For your full deliverance from your yesterday and your past, God gave you a new field of activity —your calling, so that you can start working according to His plan
Sunday Adelaja|The foundation laid in us before was a foundation of thoughts, traditions, and religion of men
Sunday Adelaja|When we did not know God, we did not live according to His plan; we planned our lives independently and we had lives full of ups and downs
Sunday Adelaja|We have one hundred percent chance of achieving what God has called us to, even if we are starting from scratch
Sunday Adelaja|If there is something in you that is constantly pulling you back, then know that this might possess a power that inhibits you
Sunday Adelaja|. You must know the area of your calling. If you do not know, then pray about it
Sunday Adelaja|Forget your past, live for the present day
Sunday Adelaja|If you hold fast to the past, the devil will take advantage of this and use it as a weapon against you
Sunday Adelaja|Do not pay attention to difficulties and life’s troubles, you only need to believe
Sunday Adelaja|Live not only for today, but nurse a vision, live for the future
Sunday Adelaja|If you have a vision from God, It means you have the ability to fulfill it
Sunday Adelaja|Your vision is like a seed, which a sower sows in the ground
Sunday Adelaja|If a man is experiencing many trials, God often gives him a vision through dreams to strengthen his spirit
Sunday Adelaja|In other words, God Himself will prepare the man to meet these trials. Joseph found himself in this situation
Sunday Adelaja|People of vision must not be lazy, they must not be afraid of work, no matter how degrading the work might seem
Sunday Adelaja|If we serve God, we must not disdain or shun any job, God will not use a lazy man
Sunday Adelaja|It is important to abide in the word of God, pray ceaselessly, and fast regularly
Sunday Adelaja|Do not to look at what you are seeing, do not look at the visible work
Sunday Adelaja|The man who has a goal is not stopped when facing obstacles rather he overcomes them, thus, improving himself
Sunday Adelaja|When the kingdom of light increases, the kingdom of darkness reduces
Sunday Adelaja|You determine the destiny of the nation, this is your time
Sunday Adelaja|When people find their calling and receives their commission, enemy will appear to hinder the fulfillment of this commission
Sunday Adelaja|If you have answered God’s call and made the decision to fulfill your calling, then the devil will try to destroy you
Sunday Adelaja|Once you know you are on the right path, you must stay focused and be prepared for the devil’s attacks
Sunday Adelaja|The devil hates the people who build the broken walls, he detests those who restore them
Sunday Adelaja|Once you backslide, strife will enter your life
Sunday Adelaja|Pray, meditate and the Almighty will bless you in the name of Jesus Christ
Sunday Adelaja|Even if you know where you are going and what problems you have to solve, you may only know the nearest tasks and you may not understand completely all of your tasks
Sunday Adelaja|In order to answer the question “Where am I going?” one needs to work for self-improvement, to possess decisiveness, to have a will to win and dedication to achieve the goal at all cost
Sunday Adelaja|If we fail to do something, the people following us will have nothing to build upon
Sunday Adelaja|In order to answer the question “Where am I going?” engage in self-development, self-education and development of will and firmness
Sunday Adelaja|God gave you a special purpose, do not see yourself as insignificant
Sunday Adelaja|Unfortunately, people don’t know how they are created and live making grave mistakes, losing their peace, destroying their mentality and failing to fulfill their callings
Sunday Adelaja|no matter how little it might seem, if you are doing it for the Lord and you are doing it with a pure heart, it is not a waste of time
Sunday Adelaja|Everything you are called to do has already been prepared for you by God, He just needs your obedience
Sunday Adelaja|Most people under the influence of the wrong and common belief which says that the sense of man’s life is to grow a tree, build a house and bring up a son
Sunday Adelaja|All great and famous people understand that the chief priority in their life is to discover oneself, ones calling and to devote one’s life to its fulfilment
Sunday Adelaja|God wants you to meditate, everyone must think
Sunday Adelaja|When you pray, your spirit begins to work and He will speak through your mind
Sunday Adelaja|If you will not meditate, your mind will not accept what the Spirit of God is revealing to you
Sunday Adelaja|Having defined your purpose and mission, you need to implement the program directly concerned with your goals every day
Sunday Adelaja|Regardless of what you are going through, God has a solution
Sunday Adelaja|Names have a great influence on the destiny of the person, who bears the name
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If truth be told, the easy road is nothing more than an armchair in clever disguise. And if you look around, it seems that there are a whole lot of people in the furniture business.
Sunday Adelaja|We must serve the Lord, our God with all our heart, with all our soul and in everything be devoted to Him
Sunday Adelaja|We must all have a ministry we can function in, no matter how small
Sunday Adelaja|If you are not serving the Lord, start serving Him, so that you will be a partaker of His blessings
Sunday Adelaja|Your work may not be noticed by people, but there is One Who sees everything you are doing
Sunday Adelaja|There are Christians who are doing the right thing, but not always at the right time
Sunday Adelaja|When a goal is badly stated or it does not exist at all, our sub- conscious will automatically conceive it as unreachable, as impossible as to find a solution for something that does not exist
Sunday Adelaja|If you are not aware of your destination, you are likely to become used by someone in accordance with his purpose and to work for a person who knows his plans and goals
Sunday Adelaja|Each of us has our destination and target, but when we ignore it, we are used for purposes other than for what we were actually intended
Sunday Adelaja|If you don’t know how to use an object properly, it is possible that you will use it for something other than the purpose it was intended for
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to identify the purpose of a thing, only its creator can provide you the answer
Sunday Adelaja|Do not look for a man to learn about the purpose of your life, but look for the creator, who is your maker
Sunday Adelaja|You must find your own gift, the activity you are fond of and the activity you were created for
Sunday Adelaja|To have a mission is to find the thing that you are fond of doing, a thing that you can do better than others
Sunday Adelaja|The most important thing in life is to know the purpose of your calling, your vocation
Sunday Adelaja|When you don’t come closer to the goal and don’t make everyday steps for achieving it, we will not get the results we inwardly set out to attain
Sunday Adelaja|You need to find your gift, something you love doing
Sunday Adelaja|You need to find your gift, something you are doing better than others
Sunday Adelaja|Potency is defined as a hidden opportunity, ability, strength, being able to display itself in certain conditions
Zaman Ali, Humanity|Human as an intellectual being needs answers about the existence for the purpose of knowing the way to live.” ― Zaman Ali, Humanitytags: being-answer, existence, human, intellect, knowing, live, purpose
Sunday Adelaja|our mission does not consist in our appearance, a beautiful haircut or in showing off our body, decorations and clothes
Sunday Adelaja|My mission is to identify the purpose of my coming on this planet and having identified it, to complete and achieve it
Sunday Adelaja|Life being full of sense and devotion to a significant goal, makes looking for my destination a significant goal
Sunday Adelaja|You need to find your gift, something you can achieve better than others
Sunday Adelaja|If you are not aware of the goal of your living, what will you do you when your children grow up and leave the house?
Sunday Adelaja|It is inevitable that being unaware of the purpose for it is inevitable that being unaware of the purpose for your life, you will not be able to recover from being abandoned by your wife or husband
Sunday Adelaja|When you know your life mission and life goal, you will be better able to avoid the life traps
Sunday Adelaja|Dear women, do not marry until you find your true being, your mission
Sunday Adelaja|When God created us, He breathed in us the Spirit of Life and put all that we need to make us great on this earth in us
Sunday Adelaja|If many good things have not happened in your life, God is not to be blamed
Sunday Adelaja|You must know the thoughts of God, in order to start taking right actions
Sunday Adelaja|God created everyone uniquely and for a purpose, and not to be on this earth as a passive spectator
Sunday Adelaja|When God breathed life into us, He put His will in us
Sunday Adelaja|There are some things you must understand and discover for yourself. And after discovering them, start living accordingly
Sunday Adelaja|Discover yourself, open up your gift, realize your potential and you will see your life changed
Sunday Adelaja|Everyone can find the field in which he is gifted, his favorite activity and devote his time to it, instead of working for a good income, but no satisfaction
Sunday Adelaja|If you can devote yourself to your favorite occupation without getting money for it, but in order to discover your potential, then you will find out who you are
Sunday Adelaja|To know your future, turn to the Lord in prayer
Sunday Adelaja|When you find out the field you were gifted, what you were created for, you will not have to work hard and sweat it out
Sunday Adelaja|When you dedicate yourself to your gift and do all the necessary studies to fully explore your field, you will be able to serve and to a full- valued and meaningful life
Sunday Adelaja|You need to find your gift, something that differs you from others
Sunday Adelaja|We must lift our hands to God in prayer, crying out to Him to help us fulfill what He has called us for, to fulfill His will
Sunday Adelaja|God’s eyes are always on you, you are precious in His sight
Sunday Adelaja|God has a plan to make you great, famous, and unique
Sunday Adelaja|God, who created us, has a pre-determined destiny for everyone
Sunday Adelaja|If you are not living according to the will of God but independent of Him, you will never be happy and experience inner rest
Sunday Adelaja|It does not matter the evil you have experienced in your life, it is not God’s plan for you to be unhappy
Sunday Adelaja|If you have lost a lot of time, then, increase your speed and make up for the time lost
Sunday Adelaja|When you depart from this world, you must have the confidence that you have left your footprints in the sands of time, that you were among those who fulfilled their purpose
Sunday Adelaja|This time is very important in your life because God wants to lift this generation from failures, poverty, and unbelief
Sunday Adelaja|It does not matter how old you are, whenever God calls you, you must begin to work toward fulfilling that calling
Sunday Adelaja|God already knew the ones who would be saved, even before their birth
Sunday Adelaja|God is waiting, heaven is waiting, and the heavenly army is waiting for us to move forward and accomplish the will of God
Sunday Adelaja|Your calling may seem insignificant to you, but to God it is very significant
Sunday Adelaja|In order to know your ministry, you need to start serving and be under the leadership of someone, who already knows his ministry
Sunday Adelaja|While you are serving someone else, God is working out your future
Sunday Adelaja|Never stand on one spot, always be doing something in line with your calling
Sunday Adelaja|This generation is earnestly waiting for you, for a change
Sunday Adelaja|A man who is looking backward all the time cannot move forward, he will be standing still
Sunday Adelaja|According to the Bible, every man has a past, present, and future
Sunday Adelaja|There is not only the present, but there is a future waiting for us as well
Sunday Adelaja|If God gives you an assignment, He will also supply the strength to carry itOut
Sunday Adelaja|God has a will for your city, country, neighboring countries, and the whole world
Sunday Adelaja|God, who calls a man, already knew the purpose of the calling
Sunday Adelaja|You can accomplish His will, without stopping midway, and even though you may face obstacles, you will overcome
Sunday Adelaja|If you have God’s calling, the circumstances around you do not matter; God knows how to remove every obstacle
Sunday Adelaja|What will support you consists in your gift, so until you find yourself you will be poor
Sunday Adelaja|There is a latent energy in each of us, in all areas of our lives
Sunday Adelaja|Each of us has a latent energy and we need to discover this invisible "treasure by the way of concentration
Sunday Adelaja|If you work on yourself intellectually, you will be able to realize your potential
Sunday Adelaja|If you work on yourself spiritually, you will be able to realize your potential
Sunday Adelaja|Know who you are, what your potential is and press towards it with all that you have within you
Sunday Adelaja|It is not enough to know that you are called, it is also necessary to know how you will accomplish your calling
Sunday Adelaja|I am not meant to be a biomass, I am a human being and I am born with a mission
Sunday Adelaja|You need to understand, comprehend and believe, “There is a goal in my birth. I have a mission, and there is something that no one but I can do.
Sunday Adelaja|You need to maximize your Gods given potential through the power of your spirit, your inner core, your values and principles on which your life is based
Sunday Adelaja|It is important to build inner core, form beliefs and life values
Sunday Adelaja|There is mighty force, energy, ability inside of us that has not yet been noticed by the world
Sunday Adelaja|We have something very valuable, for which we have not yet found an application in this life
Sunday Adelaja|All you have already done, achieved and opened it is not a potential
Sunday Adelaja|Those gifts and talents, which are incorporated in you and have not yet been implemented, make your potential
Sunday Adelaja|In order to be able to fulfill mission, mission, you need to understand the unique gift incorporated within you
Sunday Adelaja|You are a special and unique person, who has never lived before and who will never live in the future
Sunday Adelaja|Some things will go wrong for each of us, the most important thing is your attitude in that circumstance
Sunday Adelaja|Having gained experience, you can help others and discover your destination and unique gift
Sunday Adelaja|You are not your outer appearance, and you are not your body
Sunday Adelaja|Your identity should not be fully defined by what you do, by being a manager, a wife, a mother of children or a computer programmer
Sunday Adelaja|For a thinking man, the main thing is to understand who he is within
Sunday Adelaja|For a thinking man, the main thing is to develop that person within
Sunday Adelaja|Every man was created a one- and- only individual, as a person with a specific gift
Sunday Adelaja|When you discover your gift and develop it, the world will start looking for you
Sunday Adelaja|No matter what situations you experience in life, think about them as you draw conclusions about what the situations means for you
Sunday Adelaja|If you know who you are and know that you live to achieve goals in keeping with who you are, it does not matter if people give you compliments or not
Sunday Adelaja|When you know who you are, you won’t have false modesty
Sunday Adelaja|If you would devote your time to an activity even if you didn’t receive payment, you have found a key to your destiny
Sunday Adelaja|You have a destiny, you are a human of intrinsic value, you were born to fulfil a mission
Sunday Adelaja|You are the ONLY you there is, you have a purpose, you are not just a biomass
Sunday Adelaja|When a human being is brought up with the concern of simply taking care of his body and the external aspect of his life, he is acting as though he is only biomass
Sunday Adelaja|Until we begin to discover and create value, purposefully and systemically, we are not humans but only biomass
Sunday Adelaja|You create a strong, unshakable internal core by unshakable internal core by understanding and pursuing the attributes that you want to inherit from your creator
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not know you have intrinsic value because of who you are and who you are meant to be, you will feel uncomfortable when you are not looking your best(in other’s eyes) or if you are not wearing the latest fashion trend
Sunday Adelaja|If you understand that you are not just your appearance or your physical body, you will be better equipped to handle negative feelings or imperfection regarding your outward appearance
Sunday Adelaja|I made my name”. What does this mean? It means a man has overcame the obstacles, hassles and roadblocks
Sunday Adelaja|I made my name”. What does this mean? It means you didn’t stop just because the way was hard, rather you found solutions to problems
Sunday Adelaja|I made my name”. What does this mean? It means you continually engaged in educating yourself, undertaking and fulfilling your responsibility and learned never to give up regardless of your circumstances
Sunday Adelaja|I made my name”. What does this mean? It means you developed endurance, perseverance and will-to-win as a core part of your character
Sunday Adelaja|You make name for yourself when you overcome pain, weakness, laziness and ignorance
Sunday Adelaja|When you believe the truth about yourself, the truth that people are created to solve problems and overcome the limitations of their nature you make a name for yourself
Sunday Adelaja|When everything seems to be going wrong with you, you must remember the airplane takes off against the wind
Sunday Adelaja|I don’t want you to hate me or even to not like me, but I am committed to helping you think and grow and succeed
Sunday Adelaja|In understanding and developing your true identity, you can stand on solid ground because you are a person of God’s unique creation
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|Quand tu veux construire un bateau, ne commence pas par rassembler du bois, couper des planches et distribuer du travail, mais reveille au sein des hommes le desir de la mer grande et large.If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people together to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|Most people can motivate themselves to do things simply by knowing that those things need to be done. But not me. For me, motivation is this horrible, scary game where I try to make myself do something while I actively avoid doing it. If I win, I have to do something I don't want to do. And if I lose, I'm one step closer to ruining my entire life. And I never know whether I'm going to win or lose until the last second.
Charlotte Eriksson|I just want to be someone, to mean something to anyone…
Terence McKenna|You are a divine being. You matter, you count. You come from realms of unimaginable power and light, and you will return to those realms.
Louise L. Hay|You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that. We think so often that we are helpless, but we're not. We always have the power of our minds…Claim and consciously use your power.
Gil Scott-Heron, Now and Then...|Because I always feel like runningNot away, because there is no such placeBecause if there was, I would have found it by nowBecause it's easier to run,Easier than staying and finding out you're the only one who didn't runBecause running will be the way your life and mine will be described,As in "the long run"Or as in having "given someone a run for his money"Or as in "running out of time"Because running makes me look like everyone else, though I hope there will never be cause for thatBecause I will be running in the other direction, not running for coverBecause if I knew where cover was, I would stay there and never have to run for itNot running for my life, because I have to be running for something of more value to be running and not in fearBecause the thing I fear cannot be escaped, eluded, avoided, hidden from, protected from, gotten away from,Not without showing the fear as I see it nowBecause closer, clearer, no sir, nearerBecause of you and because of that niceThat you quietly, quickly be causingAnd because you're going to see me run soon and because you're going to know why I'm running thenYou'll know thenBecause I'm not going to tell you now
Gordon B. Hinckley, Standing for Something: 10 Neglected Virtues That Will Heal Our Hearts and Homes|There is no more compelling motivation to worthwhile endeavor than the knowledge that we are children of God, that God expects us to do something with our lives, and that He will give us help when help is sought.
Jane Nelsen|Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse? Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly. Did you feel like cooperating or doing better?
Bill Bryson, Notes from a Small Island|I know this goes without saying, but Stonehenge really was the most incredible accomplishment. It took five hundred men just to pull each sarsen, plus a hundred more to dash around positioning the rollers. Just think about it for a minute. Can you imagine trying to talk six hundred people into helping you drag a fifty-ton stone eighteen miles across the countryside and muscle it into an upright position, and then saying, 'Right, lads! Another twenty like that, plus some lintels and maybe a couple of dozen nice bluestones from Wales, and we can party!' Whoever was the person behind Stonehenge was one dickens of a motivator, I'll tell you that.
Marshall McLuhan|Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today’s jobs with yesterday’s tools!
Zig Ziglar|Motivation is the fuel, necessary to keep the human engine running.
Robert T. Kiyosaki, Rich Dad's Who Took My Money?: Why Slow Investors Lose and Fast Money Wins!|The power of "can't": The word "can't" makes strong people weak, blinds people who can see, saddens happy people, turns brave people into cowards, robs a genius of their brilliance, causes rich people to think poorly, and limits the achievements of that great person living inside us all.
Doe Zantamata|It is only in our darkest hours that we may discover the true strength of the brilliant light within ourselves that can never, ever, be dimmed.
Joe Frazier|You can map out a fight plan or a life plan, but when the action starts, it may not go the way you planned, and you're down to your reflexes - that means your [preparation:]. That's where your roadwork shows. If you cheated on that in the dark of the morning, well, you're going to get found out now, under the bright lights.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|You touch some of the reasons for my going, not for my staying away.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|The heights charm us, but the steps do not; with the mountain in our view we love to walk the plains.
Stephen C. Lundin|Imagine a place where everyone chooses to bring energy, passion, and a positive attitude every day.
Randy Gonzales|Live with Fulfillment, Serve with Passion so in this Lifetime you will have the ablility to Die with NO Regrets.
Manny Pacquiao|If you practice hard, you can win every battle.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Virtually everyone needs motivation of some sort, but when you are in love - that is motivation enough, it turns many into poets and painters, it spurs the creativity in you.
Ana Kostovska|If you want to be happy, you need to set your mind on happiness.
Alyson Noel, Everlasting|Where there is life, there is hope.
William Paul Young, The Shack|I have moments that aren't too bad, but there's always something I'm struggling with, or feeling guilty about. I just figured I needed to try harder, but I find it difficult to sustain that motivation.
John Paul Warren|Cream always rises to the top...so do good leaders".
Bill Rodgers|I often lose motivation, but it's something I accept as normal.
Jessica Shirvington, Embrace|If I didn't have Lincoln's butt to stare at the whole time, motivation would be a lot harder to come by.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|If there was a reason why he preferred the liberal tendency to the conservative one (also held to by many of his circle), it was not because he found the liberal tendency more sensible, but it more closely suited his manner of life.
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|No one asks how to motivate a baby. A baby naturally explores everything it can get at, unless restraining forces have already been at work. And this tendency doesn't die out, it's wiped out.
Kyo Shirodaira, Spiral: The Bonds of Reasoning, Vol. 04|When nothing goes right, you have to face forward and take it on head first.
Bo Bennett|Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration,motivation, and a pinch of creativity
Stanley Kunitz|What makes the engine go?Desire, desire, desire.
Sandra Byrd, Bon Appetit|If your arteries are good, eat more ice cream. If they are bad, drink more red wine. Proceed thusly.
R.S. Guthrie|Perserverance: Outlasting the most rash, pessimistic, cowardly naysayers; those first in line to deny us the dreams never tried. Ourselves.
Darren Hardy, The Compound Effect: Jumpstart Your Income, Your Life, Your Success|Forget about willpower. It's time for why-power. Your choices are only meaningful when you connect them to your desires and dreams. The wisest and most motivating choices are the ones aligned with that which you identify as your purpose, your core self, and your highest values. You've got to want something, and know why you want it, or you'll end up giving up too easily.
Homer Rice|You can motivate by fear, and you can motivate by reward. But both those methods are only temporary. The only lasting thing is self motivation.
Dana Spiotta, Stone Arabia|The issue isn't, Am I good enough? No. The issue is, Do I not have any other choice? Will and desire don't matter. Ability doesn't matter. Need is the only thing that matters.
Barbara W. Tuchman, A Distant Mirror:  The Calamitous 14th Century|Vainglory, however, no matter how much medieval Christianity insisted it was a sin, is a motor of mankind, no more eradicable than sex.
Muhammad Yunus, Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle Against World Poverty|...one cannot but wonder how an environment can make people despair and sit idle and then, by changing the conditions, one can transform the same people into matchless performers.
Gino Norris|Whatever you think you are, you are always bigger than that...
Daniel H. Pink, Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us|Newtonian physics runs into problems at the subatomic level. Down there--in the land of hadrons, quarks, and Schrödinger's cat--things gent freaky. The cool rationality of Isaac Newton gives way to the bizarre unpredictability of Lewis Carroll.
Lee Iacocca|I’ve always felt that a manager has achieved a great deal when he’s able to motivate one other person. When it comes to making the place run, motivation is everything. You might be able to do the work of two people, but you can’t be two people. Instead, you have to inspire the next guy down the line and get him to inspire his people.
Winifred Gallagher, Rapt: Attention and the Focused Life|Your motivations--get that promotion, throw the best parties, run for public office--aren't impersonal abstractions but powerfully reflect who you are and what you focus on. An individual's goals figure prominently in the theories of personality first developed by the Harvard psychologist Henry Murray. According to his successor David McClelland, what Friedrich Nietzsche called "the will to power," which he considered the major driving force behind human behavior, is one of the three basic motivations, along with achievement and affiliation, that differentiate us as individuals.A simple experiment show show these broad emotional motivations can affect what you pay attention to or ignore on very basic levels. When they examine images of faces that express different kinds of emotion, power-oriented subjects are drawn to nonconfrontational visages, such as "surprise faces," rather than to those that suggest dominance, as "anger faces" do. In contrast, people spurred by affiliation gravitate toward friendly or joyful faces.
Shannon L. Alder|I could crawl inside the lyrics and know each note intimately. They would claw at my soul, until I could no longer fight the emotions that took me to a place I couldn't experience. But, it was the possibility that made every verse a heart filled prediction and every beat a direction to follow.
knight mayor|I made it greater,you always told me to forget the haters.
Anaïs Nin, A Woman Speaks: The Lectures, Seminars and Interviews of Anaïs Nin|In our twenties we have conflicts. We think everything is either-or, black or white: we are caught between them and we lose all our energy in the conflicts. My answer, later on in maturity, was to do them all. Not to exclude any, not to make a choice. I wanted to be everything. And I took everything in, and the more you take in, the more strength you find waiting to accomplish things and to expand your life, instead of the other (which is what we have been taught to do) which is to look for structure and to fear change, above all to fear change. Now I didn't fear change.
Samuel Beckett|Vladimir, be reasonable, you haven't yet tried everything. And I resumed the struggle.
Yvon Chouinard, Let My People Go Surfing: The Education of a Reluctant Businessman|…the worst thing said about him is that he was "uncurious.
Frank Herbert|motivating people, forcing them to your will, gives you a cynical attitude toward humanity. It degrades everything it touches.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Player Piano|Sordid things, for the most part, are what make human beings, my father included, move. That's what it is to be human, I'm afraid.
Joan Reardon, As Always, Julia: The Letters of Julia Child and Avis DeVoto: Food, Friendship, and the Making of a Masterpiece|You have come nearer to mastering a good many aspects of cooking than anyone except a handful of great chefs, and some day it will pay off. I know it will. You will just have to go on working, and teaching, and getting around, and spreading the gospel until it does. (Avis DeVoto to Julia Child)
Nabil N. Jamal|Here's how man thinks: "If no one’s done it, why should I try? It’s a waste of time; but if he’s done it, I can do it better.
Sebastian Horsley|The motivation of all artists is 'Look at me, Mum'.
Anthony Burgess, Earthly Powers|In a story you had to find a reason, but real life gets on very well without even Freudian motivations.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|If you want him to do it, you've got to change the picture of the world inside his head.
Regina Griffin|Ish #211 "Your child is your parental obligation, not friend.
Ray N. Kuili, Awakening|Someone said that our goals keep us going, but it's our dreams that make us tick. So if you disconnect your goals from your dreams, don't be surprised if one morning you realize that your life is on autopilot.
Kyo Shirodaira, Spiral: The Bonds of Reasoning, Vol. 04|Rather than the strength it takes to not lose, it's the strength to stand back up after a loss that is sometimes more valuable.
Dan Ariely, The Upside of Irrationality: The Unexpected Benefits of Defying Logic at Work and at Home|To summarize, using money to motivate people can be a double-edged sword. For tasks that require cognitive ability, low to moderate performance-based incentives can help. But when the incentive level is very high, it can command too much attention and thereby distract the person’s mind with thoughts about the reward. This can create stress and ultimately reduce the level of performance.
Shannon L. Alder|If you truly feel that self esteem and motivation have to happen first before you can make changes in your life, then we’ll probably be sharing walkers at a retirement home as we talk over what might have been.
Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success|Needs cause motivation. Deep-rooted desires for esteem, affection, belonging, achievement, self-actualization, power, and control motivate us to push for what we want and need in our lives.
Sena Jeter Naslund, Ahab's Wife, or The Star-Gazer|I turned from my window. Suddenly it seemed odd for my neighbors on both sides to have visitors while I had none. For the first time, I felt lonely at 'Sconset."Let's cook," Frannie said energetically. "We will smell so good that they'll all come running." She picked up a bowl, filled it with apples from the barrel, and immediately began to cut them up. I put water to boil, got out cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, lard, flour, sugar, salt, saleratus, vinegar, and all the other things for apple pies. We both laughed happily. How easy it is, we thought, to make a decision, to implement a remedy, to act.
Linda Spangle, 100 Days of Weight Loss: The Secret to Being Successful on Any Diet Plan|Ambivalence is one of the biggest enemies of change. If you aren't sure that you really want to take action on something such as your weight, ambivalence will usually win.
Bud Macfarlane Jr., Conceived Without Sin|It did matter to get out of bed. There were webs to weave. Strings to grasp. Packages to deliver. Conversations to start. Thoughts to be expressed. Sams to slam into. Oceans to swim. And sad little men hiding in electrical sockets, waiting to be born of the human imagination.
Ronnie Shanks|I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking, and then I thought: What the hell good would that do?
James P. Krehbiel, Stepping Out of the Bubble: Reflections on the Pilgrimage of Counseling Therapy| Inevitably, if we are to grow and change as adults, we must gradually learn to confront the challenges, paradoxes, problems and painful reality of an insecure world.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|At times what you expect and what happens don’t match. The faster you accept and adapt to what happened & work towards creating what you believed, that what you expected gets created in a whole new way..!
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Take a discovery walk today to find what's missing in your life. There's peace in the whisper of the wind, hope in the sun smiling from behind clouds, strength in every step forward. You can do it!
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Until you believe you can do it, it's going to be difficult to convince anyone else you can do it.
Toni Sorenson|Let your past propel you forward, not hold you back.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Never allow anyone or anything to demise or dull your truest identity. Hurtful words and harsh judgments have no impact when your north star, your guiding light, shines from the center of your chest and beats from your own truest heart.
Miriam Peskowitz, The Daring Book for Girls|Forget perfect on the first try. In the face of frustration, your best tool is a few deep breaths, and remembering that you can do anything once you've practed two hundred times.
C. Terry Warner, Bonds That Make Us Free: Healing Our Relationships, Coming to Ourselves|Did I love what I was doing, or did I love myself in doing it?
Ronnie Coleman|Everybody wants to be a bodybuilder, but nobody wants to lift no heavy-ass weights.
Wolfgang Reiber|If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito!
David Gemmell, Dark Moon|Yours is a race whose imagination is limited to its own small appetites. Greed, lust, envy - these are the motivating forces of humankind. What redeems you is that in every man and woman there is a seed that can grow to encompass love, joy and compassion. But this seed is never allowed to prosper in fertile ground. It struggles for life among the rocks of your human soul.
A.W. Tozer, The Root of the Righteous|As water cannot rise higher than its source, so the moral quality in an act can never be higher than the motive that inspires it. For this reason no act that arises from an evil motive can be good, even though some good may appear to come out of it. Every deed done out of anger or spite, for instance, will be found at last to have been done for the enemy and against the kingdom of God.
Arnold Bennett, How to Live on 24 Hours a Day|Ardour in well-doing is a misleading and a treacherous thing. It cries out loudly for employment; you can't satisfy it at first; it wants more and more; it is eager to move mountains and divert the course of rivers. It isn't content till it perspires. And then, too often, when it feels the perspiration on its brow, it wearies all of a sudden and dies, without even putting itself to the trouble of saying, "I've had enough of this.
Michael   Lewis, Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game|What baseball managers did do, on occasion, beginning in the early 1980s, was hire some guy who knew how to switch on the computer. But they did this less with honest curiosity than in the spirit of a beleaguered visitor to Morocco hiring a tour guide: pay off one so that the seventy-five others will stop trying to trade you their camels for your wife. Which one you pay off is largely irrelevant.
Peter Richmond, Badasses: The Legend of Snake, Foo, Dr. Death, and John Madden's Oakland Raiders|Things that aren't important, that have nothing to do with winning and losing, don't have to be a rule.
