Jack Canfield, How to Get from Where You Are to Where You Want to Be: The 25 Principles of Success|If you are going to be successful, you need to give up the phrase, "I can't" & all of its cousins, such as "I wish I were able to.
April Bryan|You can keep pondering on which thing to do first or which path to take or by simply taking action now of most any kind, you may just find yourself on the way to where you most needed to go.
Ogwo David Emenike|When a man begins to do that which is assigned to him, it becomes as if he is more endowed and favoured than his fellows.
Kevin Ngo, Let's Do This! 100 Powerful Messages to Help You Take Action|When you start to accept responsibility for the results you get in life, you also take back the power to change your future outcome.
R.v.m.|Just like waves in the ocean come and go, no challenge is permanent. Problems will come and go too. We must enjoy the Challenges just like we enjoy the Waves. - RVM.
Ogwo David Emenike|Over the years, I've come to realize that determination makes one to punch above one's weight.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With a decision and a defined purpose, you can begin work.
R.v.m.|Problems are everywhere, so are Solutions. Unfortunately, we see more of the Problems than the Solutions.-RVM
R.v.m.|RVM Thoughts for Today - "Things will happen.You can't stop them from happening, but you can control your reaction from making things worse . React Positively. Live Happily 
Ogwo David Emenike|I acquired courage from the masterpieces of sages. I came of age by their instructions to keep going, even in hard times. Then I learnt not to despair, even when it seemed that my world is falling apart. I learnt to possess fortitude.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows|If humans can live for 100 years, why do companies die so young.
Stephen Cove|The real beginning of influence comes as others sense you are being influenced by them--when they feel understood by you--that you have listened deeply and sincerely, and that you are open.
Judie McCarty, Finding Your Wings: Unleashing Your Creative  Powers|We do not just go through life blindly,we create our own journey.Your faith has sculpted you into the human being you have become.
Thomas Carlyle, Sartor Resartus|Fool! The Ideal is in thyself, the impediment too is in thyself: thy Condition is but the stuff thou art to shape that same Ideal out of: what matters whether such stuff be of this sort or that, so the Form thou give it be heroic, be poetic? O thou that pinest in the imprisonment of the Actual, and criest bitterly to the gods for a kingdom wherein to rule and create, know this of a truth: the thing thou seekest is already with thee, ‘here or nowhere,’ couldst thou only see!
Thomas Carlyle, Past and Present|Ye are most strong, ye Sons of the icy North, of the far East, far marching from your rugged Eastern Wildernesses, hither-ward from the gray Dawn of Time! Ye are Sons of the Jotun-land; the land of Difficulties Conquered. Difficult? You must try this thing. Once try it with the understanding that it will and shall have to be done. Try it as ye try the paltrier thing, making of money! I will bet on you once more, against all Jo'tuns, Tailor-gods, Double-barrelled Law-wards, and Denizens of Chaos whatsoever!
Thomas Carlyle, Past and Present|Look around you. Your world-hosts are all in mutiny, in confusion, destitution; on the eve of fiery wreck and madness! They will not march farther for you, on the sixpence a day and supply-demand principle; they will not; nor ought they, nor can they. Ye shall reduce them to order, begin reducing them. to order, to just subordination; noble loyalty in return for noble guidance. Their souls are driven nigh mad; let yours be sane and ever saner.
José Ortega y Gasset|We cannot put off living until we are ready. The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness: it is always urgent, ‘here and now,’ without any postponement. Life is fired at us point-blank.
Valerie Estess, Tales from the Bed|Jenifer always taught me that starting a job was one thing―—and admirable―—but that following through and completing―—well, that’s where the bravery is.
Travis Bowman, Hercules of the Revolution: A Novel Based on the Life of Peter Francisco|North Carolina has a monument to [Peter Francisco], and no one knows that. That's the kind of stuff that drives me.
Bruce Frankel|(The subjects of What Should I Do With The Rest Of My Life) "have convinced me that past failing can as easily prove preparatory as predictive. Age does not of itself limit on enable us. The choice is ours.
Sanhita Baruah|Someday you shall meet someoneWho's gonna look at you in awe-Flying high, wings all spread,And wonder how it'd be likeTo clip those wings,Tie those feet down,And cage you forever...When you hit the ground,Remember to run
Avina Celeste|When we suffer we inspire ourselves to change. Imagine we had no pain to overcome, we would not take action to make our life any more meaningful. Turn your suffering into motivation to change.
Lailah Gifty Akita|One mind, One master.
Unknown|Inhale courage, exhale fear.
Shane Dawson, It Gets Worse: A Collection of Essays|To everyone who gets me, thank you. To everyone who doesn't, thank you too. You give me the motivation to keep succeeding just to piss you off.
Avina Celeste|When you hide your flaws you only give them the power to dominate your life. Every time that you fake who you are to cover your flaws, they become stronger and visible to your own eye. You become comfortable with working every day to hide them from everyone else's view. And maybe you try to show the world those flaws but they are rejected because you've hidden them for so long that they couldn't possibly be a true part of you. But then, you show them to the world every day, day after day, and they finally start to disappear from view because they really never were a really big deal in the first place. Accept your flaws or you will never truly be able to live with them.
Avina Celeste|Sometimes, we can't see our progress. We live our lives every day and can't see how much has changed. I think we all need a piece of reality every once in a while, some item to show us how far we have come from our past to our present. We get so lost in trying to get gratification for our work right away that we forget our small progressive steps. And then, we get a reality check, we see a piece of our past that shows us that everything we've done thus far has been worth it. Maybe you see a piece of writing that you wrote a few years ago, a sketch from the past, or even, like me, you try on a pair of pants that you haven't worn in a few months. And suddenly, everything has become worth it. Your struggle becomes your success. All those days you felt like giving up but you didn't mark the pathway to your future. So keep trying, day after day and look back to the past with a smile.
Avina Celeste|When you start believing that you are too old to enjoy something, you lose so much joy in your life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|But God demonstrates His own love towards us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 5:8
Tessa Clare, The Divinity Bureau|I think there’s a point in everyone’s life where they realize that despite their best efforts, they have no choice but to surrender. That carrying on will only bring them more pain or heartache. I don’t think there’s any way that we can avoid these moments. But I just want you to know that I’m not quite there yet.
Saad  Salman|Sometimes in life, you have to take difficult steps and make tough decisions, in order to achieve something extraordinary.
Avina Celeste|When nothing is certain in your life, you have a blank canvas to work with. You can determine a new future for yourself with passionate actions. You can pursue anything that you put your mind to. When things seem uncertain it is the best time to take action.
Avina Celeste|This time will never come again in your life. Enjoy every moment, right now, before the time is gone.
Avina Celeste|The most important journey in your life will be the journey to find yourself. To find who you are, to find what you love, is the greatest gift in life. Look at yourself, honestly, and find who you really are. To reveal your true self might be scary but the act of learning who you really are is important to make it possible to live your best possible life.
Avina Celeste|If you were to wake up tomorrow to a life where all your goals had been accomplished but had no memory of the work you put into succeeding, would you feel the happiness that you would have if you had completed your goals yourself? Probably not. Sure, perhaps you would live happily for a while given that you are suddenly living a dream life but in the long run something would be wrong. You wouldn’t have learned the lessons you needed to maintain this new lifestyle. You see, the success is found in the journey, not the finish line. You need to learn the lessons that come with working hard, failing, trying again, and, eventually, succeeding at living the life you have always wanted.
Avina Celeste|Make a choice. Right now. Are you going to change your life or remain where you are? If you have decided to remain where you are, come back to this question in the future. If you have decided to change, be firm with your decision, do not let yourself or anyone else change your mind. This is your path now, the path of positive self-change. I cannot tell you how you must invoke change to your own life but I can say this will be the most beneficial journey you will ever make.
Avina Celeste|Release the stress you are holding. Feel the tension leave your body. Now, look at the root of your stress. Find your solution in a moment of calm, not anxiety.
Avina Celeste|When you keep telling yourself that you are going to start in the future you are really telling yourself that you will never start. The future will never come. You have to get past the excuses that you are giving yourself that prevent you from starting today, right now. If you keep letting yourself tell you lies you will never find the success you are searching for.
Avina Celeste|We are always planning, telling ourselves that once we figure out the perfect system we will be all set to find our dreams. There is no planning for your dreams. Dreams are a learning process. You need to begin acting towards them or you will make no progress. You can plan the most perfect plan there ever was but with life anything can happen and you need to act as soon as possible rather than wait.
Avina Celeste|Don't believe that the day is without good. The very fact that you are consciously here today is a blessing of itself. Every breath you breathe, step you take, day you live is the greatest gift you can ever receive. Don't let those gifts fall away unappreciated. Live with joy in every moment.
Avina Celeste|Be kind to others and you will find that others are kind to you. Being positive will spread positivity back to you. If you give out a pleasant energy, you will receive a pleasant energy.
Avina Celeste|When a bad thought pops into your head it has no power. Thoughts are weak until you give them attention. Your attention makes them grow stronger. If you keep thinking those bad thoughts, they will consume your life. And when you let go of them, they will leave, fading away just as they came. Focus on the thoughts that make you happy. Focus on the positive and your positivity will grow stronger.
Avina Celeste|One of the bravest things you can do is take action towards your dreams. To overcome the fear that holds you back makes you so strong. Your mind will tell you no while your heart says yes and you have to choose which side you will fall on. Let your choice be to take action for the pursuit of your life goals. You may not succeed right away, but had you not taken action, you would never have succeeded anyway. Be brave.
Avina Celeste|Your actions should reflect what you feel your life should reflect. All action should be to better your life. Your life is your actions, not your inaction. It is not what you say you will do or what others think of what you are doing. It is all the positive and negative things you have done in your life. Act positively for a positive life.
Avina Celeste|Do not change yourself to please others, change yourself to please yourself. You are the person that truly matters in your life. You are the person you wake up to every morning and fall asleep to every night. Your life is for you.
Avina Celeste|Everyone should give their dream a chance. Don't give up before you've even started. Let your actions push you to your dreams and don't let the thought of failure be the thing that stops you. It may be hard and you may struggle, but in the end, you can have the pride in saying you tried your hardest to get what you wanted and let nothing stand in your way.
Avina Celeste|Everything you do has an effect on your life. It may be positive or negative. If you do positive things in your life, your life will give you positive experiences. If you live a negative life, it is a sign that you must change your actions in the day. Act more positively and your life will be more positive.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we had given up too soon, we would have miss the sunniest of today.
Avina Celeste|Set your mark on humanity by being your own unique self and doing the things that make your heart shine. With such passion, you can make an impact on the world.
Avina Celeste|When people attempt to morph themselves into someone they are not as a way of conforming to their view of how they should be, they quell the very parts of themselves that makes them who they need to be. If we all fell under the category of normal, how would anyone ever succeed? We would all hover in the same place forever. No one would improve. Everyone would remain idle. We may even all begin to retrogress. I believe that part of being human is to have the ability to change and improve yourself. Be who you need to be, not who you think you should be.
Avina Celeste|Take care of your health. Don't look for one quick fix to cure all your ailments. Take the time every day to help your mind, body, and soul heal. It is extremely important for your daily happiness to know that you are supporting your health instead of hurting it.
Avina Celeste|To become the best possible you, you must not only work on improving yourself but on improving others as well. You learn to help yourself when you learn how others need help. We are all just human and are more similar to each other than we might admit. Where others struggle you may struggle too and by seeing their problems from a different perspective you can help find the solutions that you both need.
Avina Celeste|If you keep doing what you have always done, your life will never change. Change your routine.
Avina Celeste|If you hide your problems and never let yourself get help from yourself and others, those problems will always be lurking inside of you beneath the surface.
Avina Celeste|The best investment you can make is an investment in yourself. Spend your time, money, and energy on improving your life and self.
Avina Celeste|A life lived every day doing only what needs to be done may seem convenient but your heart and soul don't live for convenience they live for exploration, imagination and the pursuit of dreams. Do what must be done but also do what your heart and soul want done.
Avina Celeste|Stop spending your energy on thoughts you don't want and things you don't need. Spend your energy on the thoughts, people, things and dreams you do want. You only have so much energy in the day; spend it wisely.
Avina Celeste|It's okay to be nervous, scared, angry or sad sometimes so long as you don't let those emotions rule your entire life.
Avina Celeste|Shift your focus from your fears to your dreams. Let the love, passion and utter awesomeness of your dreams guide you through life.
Avina Celeste|When you feel that there is something wrong with your life, you must be willing to change your perspective, thoughts, and actions to fix it. Your perspective is the only thing stopping you from having a better, happier life.
Avina Celeste|One day of positive thinking won't change your life. You must actively; every day, be working to change your thoughts into positive ones. The work you put into changing your life is the progress you get out.
Avina Celeste|If you spend your time trying to become who everyone else wants you to be, you will be torn apart. There is no way to be perfect in a world with so many different opinions on the right way to be. If you want to feel whole, you have to live as who you believe you need to be.
Avina Celeste|Every action you make changes the world in a little way. Let your actions be positive and be a benefit to the world. Everything you do, say or make is an original piece added to the world; it cannot be replicated or replaced. Let your unique self change the world around you.
Avina Celeste|Imagination can turn any situation into a positive situation. Let your creativity run wild. Let yourself create new worlds, new times and new thoughts. Don't think yourself immature for having fun in dull times. Let that creativity flow into your everyday life and create beautiful new experiences.
Avina Celeste|Positive change doesn't come on its own. If you want something to change you have to take action and stand up for yourself. Change doesn't come without work; time and labour. No one can come in and do all the work for you. If you want change, you must make the change yourself.
Avina Celeste|Do what you can today. And keep working up until you can do everything you want to do in the day, every day.
Avina Celeste|Keep growing, even when times are tough. Learn the lessons you need to learn and keep changing. Keep growing stronger. You have made it this far and you can make it through all the hard times ahead. Stay strong.
Avina Celeste|Never stop being yourself. When you start faking who you are, you start lying to yourself. You can lie about who you are to the people around you, and they may even believe you, but when you lie to yourself something will always feel wrong. You can't fake who you are forever and eventually, you will wear yourself down. This doesn't mean that you must remain the way you are forever. You can change yourself with time and practice. You will feel the difference between true change and fake change. True change requires work. That work is worth it.
Avina Celeste|Why is there never enough time to pursue my dreams? Yet, I have time to browse memes, laugh at cats doing silly things, and stare off into the distance. My dream is to do what I love and yet I still don't pursue that dream. When we fear failure we allow ourselves to fail every day by not pursuing our dreams.
Avina Celeste|The thoughts that pass through your mind are merely strangers passing on the street. You can choose to stop them to have a chat or to simply pass them by, fleeting and never to be seen again. You choose which thoughts come to your home, which thoughts influence you, which thoughts change you. If you strike up a conversation with a negative thought, you get to decide how often that thought comes around or how often you let it work against you. Simply choose to pass the negative thoughts on the street. Make friends with your positive thoughts.
Avina Celeste|Always strive to be a better person. No matter what. Do not try to be better than your fellow man but to be better than you were yesterday. Compare yourself only to your past you. Any bit of progress that you make of improving yourself, no matter how small, makes a positive impact in your life and in the lives of others around you. A little bit every day. Try.
Avina Celeste|Let your life be a reflection of your bravery not of your fear. Someone who does not take risks and leave their comfort zone will remain stagnant. They will never change, never move, never leave the place they are right now. Be brave in the face of your fears.
Avina Celeste|Never put aside what you can do today. If you keep pushing your responsibilities to the side, one day they will catch up in unfavorable ways. Just do a little bit every day. If you are consistent, you will get the results you want.
Avina Celeste|If every problem you encountered was easily overcome, would you be the strong person you are today?
Avina Celeste|Anxiety does not make a future situation turn out better if anything it stops you from reaching your highest potential. Relax and live in the present, not the future.
Avina Celeste|It is in the pursuit of a goal that happiness is found. Achievement is shortlived compared to the satisfaction found in knowing that you have consistently worked towards your goals. Dream big, work hard and find even bigger dreams to pursue.
Avina Celeste|Fear of change doesn't fade away. If you want to get past it, you must be brave and take action. It may be hard but things will stay the same way forever if you don't.
Avina Celeste|What you think about is what you get. The more you think about something, the more it manifests in your life.
Avina Celeste|I will die, yes, that is true, but first I will live to my heart's content.
Avina Celeste|Inaction only makes a task more daunting in your eye. Act quickly, before you overthink, get anxious or give up.
Avina Celeste|Examine the energy you are sending into the world. Is it positive, loving and hopeful or is it negative, hostile and angry?
Avina Celeste|Do what you are passionate about. Do it for yourself, nobody else.
Avina Celeste|If you love to do something, what is stopping you from doing it? Make the time. Show your passion. Shine on.
Avina Celeste|Change is a slow process. Keep going toward your goals. When you feel like giving up, remember how good it will feel to change your life into the wonderful life you have imagined.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When the yoke is broken, the burden is removed.
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|I have a big heart and give with love everywhere I go, i am hungry for life and if you do me bad you will be my fucking dinner.
M.L. Shanahan|Feed your soul; books, places, people, anything. That helps it grow.
Hamid Saleh|We are all looking for perfection in our lives, but the truth is, there is no perfect. There’s just better and worse. And for what we are in this world, not being perfect is the perfect thing.
Avina Celeste|At the end of the story of my life, I want to say it was the best book I had ever read.
Nabil Basma|If the Opportunity is not there, You be there for it!
Avina Celeste|Stop making excuses. You are not missing the tools to do what you want to do, you are missing the drive to get it done. Get started. Just a little bit every day and watch it all start to come your way. Good luck. - Avina Celeste
Avina Celeste|Stop making excuses. You are not missing the tools to do what you want to do, you are missing the drive to get it done. Get started. Just a little bit every day and watch it all start to come your way. Good luck.
Avina Celeste|Things will happen in your life that you have no control over but that doesn't mean you are at the complete mercy of the unknown. You will always have power over your reaction to the outside world. That is your power. It is the power that can change your life if you choose to use it. Never believe that you have no control over your life, you have so much more control over your life than you can even imagine. So be active in changing your life.
Avina Celeste|Your perception of reality is not set in stone. It is flexible. If you are willing to work towards changing your perception, you can bend your reality. You can see a more positive life around you. You can see the beauty in the world. If you actively look for the good in the world, eventually your world will change. Look for the little things until the big things come into the picture.
Leigh Bardugo, Wonder Woman: Warbringer|We can't help the way we're born. We can't help what we are, only what life we choose to make for ourselves.
Angelos Michalopoulos, The man who has only one truth in him|My meanness has an ego too, often bigger than my own.
Robert Persig|These are things you should notice anyway. To live only for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain which sustain life, not the top. Here's where things grow…but of course, without the top you can't have any sides. It's the top that defines the sides
Robert Persig|These are things you should notice anyway. To live only for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain which sustain life, not the top. Here's where things grow…but of course, without the top you can't have any sides. It's the top that defines the sides.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do all the work you can, while you can.
T.C. Peterson|Even if you become the most perfect version of yourself, someone will find something negative to say.
Jim Rohn, Leading an Inspired Life|Here's a good phrase for you to jot down: wherever you are, be there! Be there to absorb it. Take a picture if you can. Take pictures in your mind; let your soul and heart take pictures. Get it, capture it, absorb it. And don't be casual in getting it. Casualness leads to casualties.
EverSkeptic|If I don't keep complaining about my problems, it doesn't mean I have fewer of them, all it means is I can handle them better.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Find Meaning, Find Yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|How could you be sad, when you can sing?
Satish David|Stop talking filthy things, It doesn't help anyone.
Virginia Toole|When you are being tested from every angle, why, with no apparent cause. Look inwards. stand up for yourself.. it's something you need to work on that is being highlighted. Finish acknowledging the whispers from your inner self. You left no choice but to have it reflected externally for all to see.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Savior ,the Lord Jesus Christ is holy servant.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Imagine a life, full of love?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish for pearls, pray always.
Atle Jarnæs Lerøy|When you can't turn back, just keep on going!
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|Death is a strange thing. People live their whole lives as if it does not exist, and yet it's often one of the great motivations for living. Some of us, in time, become so conscious of it that we live harder, more obstinately, with more fury.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is always great, when shared in a spirit of love.
Eric Berne, What Do You Say After You Say Hello?|But wether I am faking on a player piano, or striking the chords with the power of my own mind and hands, the song of my life is equally suspenseful and full of surprises as it rolls off the pulsating sounding board of destiny - a barcarole that either way will leave, I hope, happy echoes behind
Virginia Toole|You may think I am falling, ... I’ m stronger than I have ever been
Virginia Toole|Thanks to you my toughest life lessons.. it may appear that I'm falling, ... but, I' m stronger than I have ever been
Lailah Gifty Akita|Only with grace, can we reach the goal.
Emmanuel Serenity|Don't assume it will work for you because it has worked for everybody else, the singular reason is because you ain't everybody else; You should also never assume it won't work for you because it hasn't work for anybody else, the singular reason is because you ain't anybody else!
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the strength of grace, we can survive any situation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Blessed your mum, who carried you in a womb for nine months.
Joyce Meyer, Living Beyond Your Feelings: Controlling Emotions So They Don't Control You|You can fight the feelings of depression by reminding yourself of blessings in your life. You can listen to music or sing. Even getting your mind off yourself by doing something kind for someone else will help immensely. Don't forget that our moods are connected to our thoughts; therefore, I urge you to take notice of what you're thinking about when you feel depressed. You may find the source of your problem.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we seek solitary retreat, you will be more often refreshed.
Aryan Chitale|You are not supposed to ever like your responsibilities. If you avoid them, the consequences will get to you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not harm your neighbour, who live trustfully near you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Ask for God's grace, He freely gives, whoever ask.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you delight yourself in lord, He shall give you desires of your heart.
Mel Robbins, The 5 Second Rule: Transform Your Life, Work, and Confidence with Everyday Courage|Passion is not a thing, it's a state of mind.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|Salvation not shared, is salvation wasted.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|I was not born with a silver spoon in my mouth, nor did I have access to information like you do today via the internet. I had to learn everything the hard way. And I had to become a scientist the old-fashioned way, which is, not through academia, but through trial and error. And my hardship opened up unforeseen gateways of perception in my mind. And through these gateways, today the whole world is able to see its inner self.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Sanctification is rebirth of spirit of soul by the power of the Holy Spirit,
Lailah Gifty Akita|Flee from sexual immorality. Every other sin a man can commit is outside his body, but he who sins sexually sins against his own body. 1 Corinthians 6:18
Lailah Gifty Akita|Therefore, since Christ suffered in His body, arm yourselves with the same resolve, because anyone who has suffered in his body is done with sin. 1 Peter 4:1
Lailah Gifty Akita|What God want me to be, I shall be by His grace.
Germany Kent|Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.
Gordon R. Dickson, Soldier, Ask Not|Onward, and up, and up again, until the impossible was achieved, all barriers were broken, all pains conquered, all abilities possessed. Until all was lightning and no darkness left.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you meditate, you shall nourish your mind.
Anonymous|Once you find your Happy space,you wouldnt be in the rat race
Lailah Gifty Akita|People of understanding, pursue peace.
Josh Oladehinde|sometime life Offer you "Outdated" to get "Updated" Just Take the Chance
Gary Vaynerchuk, Crush It!: Why Now Is the Time to Cash In on Your Passion|You may not have connections, or an education, or wealth, but with enough passion and sweat, you can make anything happen.
Gary Vaynerchuk, Crush It!: Why Now Is the Time to Cash In on Your Passion|If you really want to dominate the competition and make big bucks, you’ve got to be the best. Do that, be that, and no one will be able to touch you. With one exception. Someone with less passion and talent and poorer content can totally beat you if they’re willing to work longer and harder than you are. Hustle is it.
kurbhatt|don't try to be best, try to give your best.
Prateek Tripathi|Let others scream, because ultimately you know your story
Germany Kent|You become what you digest into your spirit. Whatever you think about, focus on, read about, talk about, you’re going to attract more of into your life. Make sure they're all positive.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America|Just as layoffs were making a mockery of the team concept, employees were urged to find camaraderie and a sense of collective purpose at the microlevel of the "team". And the less teamlike the overall organization became with the threat of continuous downsizing, the more management insisted on individual devotion to these largely fictional units.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you follow your heart, you will be happy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What I truly desire to do, I shall dare attempt.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When God opens a door no one will shut, When he shuts no one will open.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God's grace is seed of salvation through faith in Christ Jesus, the Son of God.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you hear the birds chirping in the morning, remember this one thing: it is a new morning for a new life and living! Free your mind and clean your heart for a wonderful day with distinctive footprints!
Núria Añó|I prefer to be on the side of losers, the misunderstood or lonely people rather than writing about the strong and powerful.
Lailah Gifty Akita|All times are treasureable; the times of prosperity, and times of adversity,
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without God's grace, the soul is dead in sin.
quotewriter|Sometimes, the only way out is all in.
ANIKOR Daniel|The greatest enemy of man is not sin, the enemy of man is not Satan, the greatest enemy is ignorance.
ANIKOR Daniel|Without passion and satisfaction, there is nothing to make happiness last.
ANIKOR Daniel|There is a spiritual call and there is circular call; wherever you have been called, do the work sincerely.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Luxury is the enemy of growth. This is the one thing that I learnt from my father, and I approve of it fully. Abundance is neither good nor healthy for the growth of a child’s mind.
C.E. Clayton, The Duality of Nature|Tallis had persevered through and unshakable feeling of not truly belonging... She understood the responsibility her family constraints put upon her, and while Lana knew Tallis's heart trembled and raged at the perceived indignity of it all, she had grown up into a charming, beautiful woman with shoulders that refused to bow to a world that demanded they should.
Hadi Farnoud|If there is no door open for me, I build a door
Abdul khadar|One of your friends may bored , one may tiered , one may feared , what you have to do is to make them entertained , if you can't do it , make them active , if you fail again make a small smile in front of them.
Max McKeown, #NOW: The Surprising Truth About the Power of Now|If life is fast, live faster.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Non-violent resistance to evil is a quintessential element of the character of a real human being. If someone does wrong to me, I may be physically capable of breaking his jaw with one blow of my fist, but such violent reciprocation does not define the strength of my character as a real human being. If I succeed in resisting my limbic urge to do harm in return, then only can I be hailed as human being of real character.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With peace of being, you can overcome any pain.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Good intentions aren't enough, you must take right actions.
RVM|The Sun, the Moon, the Stars, the Birds, the Animals, the Flowers are all proof that a Universal Power exists.
Gordana Biernat, #KnowTheTruth: Why Knowing Who You Are Changes Everything|You and your reality are ONE. When YOU change, everything changes.
Gordana Biernat, #KnowTheTruth: Why Knowing Who You Are Changes Everything|We do not observe reality, we observe our REACTIONS to it.In other words:Reality is, in essence, neutral. YOU give it meaning.
ANIKOR Daniel|Education is the beautification of the inner world, which in turn help beautifies the outer world we lived in.
Jennifer Coletta|Life will punch you in the gut, but it doesn't mean you should stop breathing.
ANIKOR Daniel|What is interesting about you today, would not create new memory tomorrow braze up and create that envisage memory that is glaring you within.
ANIKOR Daniel|I will not add to the world’s problem, I will not live the world the way I met it; I will strife with every breadth of my life to live the world a better place than I met it.
ANIKOR Daniel|All of us must have initiative, we should not be mere imitators; we must learn to think and act for ourselves and be free from the claws of others.
ANIKOR Daniel|Do not be discourage by the height of the mountain, one step at a time will lead you there; and now is the time to begin tomorrow may be too late.
ANIKOR Daniel|If you are not taking time to set your own goals, chances are someone else is doing it for you and that someone will be in control of you sooner.
ANIKOR Daniel|Don’t feel or believe that something is not possible; if it is a true dream, the possibility of living it is sure with your undying passion.
ANIKOR Daniel|Be a solution provider to challenges or issues; the more you proffer solution, the more your circle of influence grows and the more your circle of influence grows, the more wealth you will command.
ANIKOR Daniel|There is a part of you that believes you can change someone, but the reality is that you can't. You can change yourself, and others can change themselves, but you can't do it for them.
ANIKOR Daniel|Once you have woken up from your slumber, help lots more others to be awaken, that is the duty you are here to play and play it well before you exit this earth.
G.K. Dutta|Give one of your smiles, its costs nothing… but enrich others life to dream more.
G.K. Dutta|It’s very easy to blame others, but very difficult to prove your ability.
Max McKeown, #NOW: The Surprising Truth About the Power of Now|Pushing your limits is what allows you to grow stronger, so if you find yourself feeling passive, it can make sense to dial it up a little. Get moving. Accomplish something small. Do something you enjoy. Embrace what moves you. And start again.
Syed Sharukh|Nothing Can Beat Hard Work, But Hard Work Itself
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|Fear can be good, Laia. It can keep you alive. But don't let it control you. Don't let it sow doubts within you. When the fear takes over, use the only thing more powerful, more indestructible, to fight it: your spirit. Your heart.
Account Closed|I am not in it for the success, I am in it for the victory...nothing less.
Lorri Faye|The simple truth is that life goes on whether we're ready or not.The question we need to ask ourselves is, do we find a way to embrace it, or do wesit back and allow it to pass us by?
ANIKOR Daniel|It is not about the building, but about what the building can produce.
ANIKOR Daniel|The right choice often requires hard work and self-discipline, or self-sacrifice; don't be enticed by apparent short-cuts that seems right but end in tragedy.
ANIKOR Daniel|Negative anger that is unchecked is a fire out of control, it can burn everything in its path.
ANIKOR Daniel|To know is the male, to act is the female, for there to be production, to know need to meet with to act.
ANIKOR Daniel|The universe has different kinds of frequency for different moods and different mindsets, you attract what your moods and mindset think or produce.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|You know you are getting old when yesterday turns out to be a fading memory you have difficulties recollecting, when today becomes a challenge that is hard to grasp and when tomorrow promises an uncertainty that you dread encountering.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|Never go for someone that represents something that is more of a fantasy than reality in this crazy world of lonely people, unless it is for the shortest time possible, and unless you have clearly figured out an exit strategy.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|You can’t say you love man as an individual if you have not dealt with the person’s complex personality, his or her unfamiliar habits, disturbing impulses and biological makeup.
G.K. Dutta|Jealousy and anger are two common nature of human being. As I feel there is nothing that can stop us from feeling so. So, if you take it negative way then there is nothing that can able to stop you from devil and if you take it positive way then there is nothing that can able to stop you from success.
G.K. Dutta|My death was written in that day when I was born, That is why I don’t fear about to die. I just fear that when I die who will cry?
Scifurz|If I can create something unique in the world, so can you.
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|If there is something, you want to achieve, think of the way you'll pass, difficulties you'll meet, think of the sacrifice because nothing you can achieve without sacrifice and we ignore what we love so as to get what we want
G.K. Dutta|Prime vision of my life is to help others. And if I can’t help them, atleast I do not try to disappoint them.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Why do we complicate life, when it was meant to be very simple?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Just as you are, come to Christ Jesus, He will change you, to what you ought to be.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be what, you wishes to be.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Consistency is an under-appreciated inspirational quality. It’s that ability to conduct yourself in a consistent, reliable manner that others will respect and appreciate.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Ritual and ceremony are powerful bonding tools. They result in a sense of community, a feeling of unity far beyond what you might expect.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Simply put, self-centered and egocentric people don'tinspire others. We are inspired by people who placeothers-- other people, other ideas, other goals-- abovethemselves.
Del Suggs|We cannot change the wind, we can only adjust our sails.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Display your passion, and others will be inspired. Enthusiasm is contagious.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|If you expect the best of yourself, you’ll find yourself expecting the best of those around you, too. And you will find that people respond inkind. I believe people want to be held to a higher standard. If you expect the best from people, they will give you their best work.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Great leaders are inspired by a challenge, a need, a problem, an issue that needs to be corrected.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Understand that all motivation is internal, or intrinsic.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Develop an 'Attitude of Gratitude.' Try this little exercise: List three things for which you are grateful at this moment. It might be monumental, like having survived a disease. It might besomething spiritual, like your relationship with God or your family. It might be simple, like the fact that your car started this morning. Whatever positive things you list, it is always good for your outlook to be grateful.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|A happy and productive person is one who understands that his or her job is not the purpose of his or her life. Go on vacation, use up your sick days, ask for a temporary leave-of-absence—anything that allows you to recharge your batteries away from your typical routine. No leave, no life.
Rick Riordan, The Dark Prophecy|Dear Meg," I said. "I can't be sure about Lityerses. But I think we must try. We only fail when we stop trying.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|We all have the power to influence others. It is up to us, whether we are going to abuse that power to manipulate people or use it to help them.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Doubt not the self O lion-heart, for those who call you crazy will one day worship you.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Whatever you do, do it as a master, not as a slave.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|It does not matter whatsoever, what the people around you think you can or cannot do. What really matters is what you think about your capabilities.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Conscience is not white, black or brown. Conscience is human. It is beyond race – it is beyond religion – it is beyond all sectarianism.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Confidence of a dedicated person, seems to be over-confidence to ordinary masses.
Mustafa Saifuddin|You couldn’t control how your story started, but you can write a few good pages in there
Mustafa Saifuddin|Regardless of where you started, there is always the next level. You need to keep leveling up your skills.
Mustafa Saifuddin|Feeling unlucky? Find opportunities, work your butts off and nail them!
Steve Maraboli|Each day is a brand new episode of your life. If nothing is changing, you're watching reruns. Mindset matters... If you want something different, DO something different. "Same crap, different day" doesn't describe the day; it describes your attitude towards it.
Basma Salem, The Art Of Black|She was always like this, only moves when her mind and heart tells her to move, not doing what everyone demanded her to do.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Take risks. Whoever risk, shall know how far they can reach.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Filmmaking is not the work of the weak-minded. It may not be rocket science, but it requires ten times more strength of the mind than that.
Ocean R Stark|The higher you soar the view is much better, and the giant in you appears. Go forth and conquer your dreams.
Munia Khan|The Sun is never alone as the light remains with him always. Even when he goes down sinking...sinking, the light drowns with him
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we born into the world, we must seek rebirth in the world.
E.R. Braithwaite, To Sir, With Love|Today I was a teacher, employed. True, I was also a teacher untried, but that could also be an advantage. I would learn, by God I’d learn. Nothing was going to stop me.
Harrish Sairaman|If you follow, practice and live ‘Ownership’, you have arrived in Life
Lailah Gifty Akita|Heavy burden is laid on our hearts, so we do not trust in ourselves. But in God , who gives grace for endurance.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The darkness of ignorance, blindfold us.
Lailah Gifty Akita|To submit, to surrender, to seek, that is all there is.
Harrish Sairaman|Stronger your reasons, stronger the will power
Christian  Michael|When you think more of helping others, you set yourself up for a life of impact
Lailah Gifty Akita|With patient, you shall possess your soul.
Harrish Sairaman|There are no crash courses on ‘enlightenment’, you only crash in a course like that!!!!
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you dance daily, you shall expel any seed of distress in thy soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you sing a song, any brokenness shall heal.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not let your heart be troubled, trust in God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What you wish to be, be.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish to possess your soul, be patient.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Acceptance is religion, sectarianism is blasphemy.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Humanism is the purest expression of your soul as a human. It has no God to be concerned with, except for the living Gods, that is the humans. It has no doctrine to abide by, except for the natural doctrine of love and benevolence. That's the religion we need my friend.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is a misery, without music.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Cheer up, be of good courage.
James Allen, As a Man Thinketh|Let a man radically alter his thoughts, and he will be astonished at the rapid transformation it will effect in the material conditions of his life. Men imagine that thought can be kept secret, but it cannot; it rapidly crystallizes into habit, and habit solidifies into circumstance. Bestial thoughts crystallize into habits of drunkenness and sensuality, which solidify into circumstances of destitution and disease: impure thoughts of every kind crystallize into enervating and confusing habits, which solidify into distracting and adverse circumstances: thoughts of fear, doubt, and indecision crystallize into weak, unmanly, and irresolute habits, which solidify into circumstances of failure, indigence, and slavish dependence: lazy thoughts crystallize into habits of uncleanliness and dishonesty, which solidify into circumstances of foulness and beggary: hateful and condemnatory thoughts crystallize into habits of accusation and violence, which solidify into circumstances of injury and persecution: selfish thoughts of all kinds crystallize into habits of self-seeking, which solidify into circumstances more or less distressing. On the other hand, beautiful thoughts of all kinds crystallize into habits of grace and kindliness, which solidify into genial and sunny circumstances: pure thoughts crystallize into habits of temperance and self-control, which solidify into circumstances of repose and peace: thoughts of courage, self-reliance, and decision crystallize into manly habits, which solidify into circumstances of success, plenty, and freedom: energetic thoughts crystallize into habits of cleanliness and industry, which solidify into circumstances of pleasantness: gentle and forgiving thoughts crystallize into habits of gentleness, which solidify into protective and preservative circumstances: loving and unselfish thoughts crystallize into habits of self-forgetfulness for others, which solidify into circumstances of sure and abiding prosperity and true riches.A particular train of thought persisted in, be it good or bad, cannot fail to produce its results on the character and circumstances. A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his thoughts, and so indirectly, yet surely, shape his circumstances.
Luigina Sgarro|At first, the wings weighed more than the chains, because with the chains we were not required to fly
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whatever is worthy of adventure, can only be experienced.
Vasso Charalambous|I'm not feeling sorry cause you let me down,I'm feeling sorry cause there is no way back.
Sola Kosoko|If I were a bird, I will have no feet.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A gracious heart, a gentle spirit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Is there any friendship, without forgiveness?
RVM|Why destroy this Morn, by a Past that is dead & Gone and a Future not yet Born!
Ana M Frith|BE LIMITLESS, CHANGE YOUR LIFE,UNFOLD YOUR POTENTIAL,BECOME YOUR OWN LIGHT,ABILITY OF POSSIBILITY.Ana Maria Frith, Limitless Change Your Life Book
Ana M Frith|Love and help others unconditionally without expectation you are creating in effect, this creation will multiply for you in a million ways. Ana Maria Frith, Limitless: Change Your Life
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|If you want to be drunk, become drunk with an idea.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|If you want to be drunk, become drunk with an idea. If you want pleasure, have pleasure from the pursuit of your passion. If you want to be indoctrinated, then be so by the natural law of humanism.
Pelé|The more difficult the VICTORY,The Greater the Happiness in WINING
Alin Sav|When you´re lazy, you find lots of interesting excuses.
Alin Sav|Some doors are open, but we are still searching for the right keys.
Alin Sav|If we open our mind, doors will open without keys.
Alin Sav|If you have stress, don´t share it.
Alin Sav|Forgiving is an ability that can be trained. When you see the results, it´s like a drug.
Alin Sav|Limitation is just an "imitation" of the limit. Nothing real, just mindset.
Alin Sav|When you pray, open your heart before you open your mouth. It´s easier to pray with a open heart than a open mouth.
Alin Sav|So maybe today you have a bad day. Tomorrow another one. But the day after tomorrow will be the worst, if you don´t get up and do something with your life.
Alin Sav|Mediocracy is not an option, it´s a temptation.
RVM|The Challenge in Life is not to have the absence of Fear, but to have the Courage to overcome it.
Habeeb Adeokun|I dreamt, I woke, I grafted, I failed, I persisted, I conquered.
Habeeb Adeokun|To be or not to be, is not the question, if you ain't something then you are nothing.
Habeeb Adeokun|What is success? Success isn't about making shit loads of money, success is having the balls to follow your dreams through and making it a reality, it does not matter if you make money or not.
Alin Sav|Poor people waste time, rich people save time. Poor people who invest time are no longer poor.
Alin Sav|If you don´t have enough money, you might have too many excuses.
Alin Sav|There is no "the secret", you are just too lazy.
Alin Sav|If you have no passion, you better do something different.
Harsh vyas|Nothing lasts forever, even the hardships of life they too fade away with time, but what makes them hard is to have patience and not to loose hope
Sandi Metz, Practical Object-Oriented Design in Ruby: An Agile Primer|Persist. Practice. Experiment. Imagine. Do your best work, and all else will follow.
Alin Sav|We are very skilled, but at the same time too lazy.
Alin Sav|Failure is just another give way sign, not a stop sign.
Alin Sav|If you long for excellence, greatness follows.
Alin Sav|Imagination can bring you far. Laziness can also bring you far, far from your goals.
Dalton Frey, The Darkest Light|We are all protagonists, each and every one of us.
Victoria Reincourt|Impose yourself on the world, don’t let the world impose itself on you.
Alin Sav|If you start to do things that nobody does, you will get things that nobody gets.
Alin Sav|If you want more influence, love more people.
Alin Sav|It's not easy, it's just better.
Abhijit Naskar|People fight over religion, because they don't understand religion. They think reading a few Bibles, Qurans and Vedas makes them religious. Books are not religion my friend. Real religion is realization of the Self.
Rafaa Khiari|If your Ipad can do it better than you, then it is not a skill.
Donald Pillai|We should associate only with positive, focused people who we can learn from and who will not drain our valuable energy with complaining and uninspiring attitudes. When we develop and maintain relationships with those who are committed to constant improvement and the pursuit of the best that life has to offer, we will have plenty of company on our path to the top of whatever mountain we seek to climb.
Abhijit Naskar|The greatest Church is within you, and it is made of love, courage and conscience.
Abhijit Naskar|Christ the man died long ago, but Christ the idea of love, still exists, not in any church, rather in the mind of humans.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|The same Sermon on the Mount that influenced Tolstoy to write “The Kingdom of God is Within You”, inspired me to a great extent in my work “Principia Humanitas”.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|The world needs something from you, my friend. It needs the heart that is deep as the ocean and infinite as the outer-space. Can you provide that my friend! Can you make your will so large and your conscience so sharp that in front of which, a thousand Everests and a thousand Kilimanjaros would bow!
Emir Talundzic|Invest in the things you wish to grow. If you wish to grow your friendships, invest in them. If you wish to improve your physique, invest in yourself. Just remember, life's currency is time. Don't waste time investing in things and those who provide you with no return.
D.S. Mashego|Running away from your purpose, not only disadvantages other people; it also compromises God’s greater purpose.
D.S. Mashego|Your assignment is a pre-cursor to someone else’s assignment. In the same breath, someone else’s assignment is a pre-cursor to yours.
Blaque Diamond|Every author begins as a reader. So, read yourself into authorship.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Share them with only people who can help you with information and support. When you meet negative people, zip your mouth.
Dr. Karan M Pai|I choose to courageously declare my specific outcome, even if i am unclear of all the details or if it's the right outcome.Today, I break down how to attain my outcome into small, achievable baby steps.Today is the day i find a mentor to help me.I am willing to stretch beyond my current fears and limitations and in doing so, create the life of my dreams!
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you yearn to learn, you’ll learn to earn.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|I did it the hard wayMany of the big dreams I dreamt,I dreamt, when I met a failed attempt.Life taught me to believe thatGreat ideas can start from a wretched hut.Many of the strongest steps I took,I took, when I was given the fiercest look.My passion pokes me to understandThat people’s mockeries, I can withstand.Many of the fastest speeds I gained,I gained when I was bitterly stained.I first thought the only way was to quitAs I tried again, I no longer have guilt.Many of the bravest decisions I made,I made, when my life was about to fade.I was frustrated and ripe to sink.But then I strive to release the ink.Many of the longest journeys I started,I started, having no resource; money partedI relied on God my creator all dawn longAnd at dusk He gave me a new song.Many of the hardest questions I tackled,I tackled, when I was heckled.They were very troublesome to settleBut I make it happen little by littleYet, it was not I, but the Lord JesusThe saviour who gives me success.In Him, through Him and by HimI have the liberty to do everything with vim.I don’t want to enjoy this liberty alone.You too must step out of your comfort zone.It’s not easy, but you can do it anyway.Jesus is the life, the truth and the way.
D. Allen Miller, Scarlet Tears|Beyond reasonable doubt, the each of us possesses unique gifts, amazing abilities to help heal the world if we so choose.
Renee Cefalu|Don't walk through life stifling your authenticity, suppressing your uniqueness, hiding your truth out of fear of what others may think. Being someone other than who you are only hampers your well-being and also wastes a whole lot of time.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Glow wherever you go and let the light of God reflect in the world around you. You carry the light of God and wherever you pass, darkness must flee.
Abhijit Naskar|A Muslim who prays five times a day and yet beats his wife at home, is no religious person. A Christian who goes to Church every Sunday, and yet never talks to his or her neighbor with a smile on the face, is no religious person. On the other hand, an outspoken atheist who most lovingly talks and listens to people of all religions without any bigotry or prejudice is a hundred times more religious than all the theoretical preachers of all religions combined.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Better channel your words into prayer, than into complaints. Zip your mouth and make a plan.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, remember to be grateful to people who have contributed to making you who you are today.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|One common thing about great achievers is that, they keep asking useful questions every day. They ask questions like; “What do I want and what do I need to do to get it?
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|When you don’t understand how to make a good use of something, you will abuse that thing.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, be willing to make the needed sacrifice. Don’t spend your money on luxuries.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Don’t pack out!To some people, you make life brightWhen you decide to dim your lightTheir lives will be full of darknessDo shine your light in kindnessTo some people, you bring out a joyWith their emotions, never ever toyWith your smiles, grease them with oilAnd make them glad when their lives boilTo other people, you are the warmthThat kills coldness and brings strengthDon’t do it; don’t pack outElse, they will have blackoutYou’re on earth to do two things hereWake up and do them now; this yearFirst, dare to grow and become betterSecond, help others to also become greaterNever in any of the four seasonsShould you neglect your gifts for any reasonsThe world needs you to make it a better placeDon’t pack out; run your race.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Man may fall and fail, but God is always right. Man may die and perish, but God is always alive.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, keep asking curious questions about yourself. If you lose, ask “why?”; if you win, ask “why not?
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Break out to go out:The birds dare to break the egg shellIt does so in order to get out of that HellWhen it finally succeeds, it’ll then flyTo its comfort zone it’ll say byeAre you being confined in a small spaceHow long will you remain at that place?Before you can explore more territories,Break away from the former glories.Yesterday’s excellence is today’s averageYou must strive to be better age after ageNever accept the available mediocrityAs the only preferable opportunityDecide to grow from below to heroAnd make it a point to vacate level zeroReach out and arise with powerGod’s blessings on you, will showerAgree to grow, never attempt to be slowBe not afraid. Never doubt. You’ll flowThe grace of God will be your guideTaking you along, side by side.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you are trying to look clean, neat and avoid casting your nets in trouble waters, you will catch no fish.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, hurry up and take risks.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Risks may make you win, or they will make you learn. Either of the benefits is worth daring for.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|The more you express your skills, the more experienced you become and the closer you get to excellence.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|On your way to accomplish greatness, you will hear a lot of noise. Listen to your inner voice and never let the distraction of the crowd discolour your poise.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|The desire for excellence becomes a reality when an individual sets a standard, reach it and surpass it consistently.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|When you fall for your appetite too early, you may not be able to endure to the end.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, work in a team of like-minded people and learn new things you don’t know.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, dare to take calculated risks and overcome your limitations. Your scars can make you a star, but you have to decide.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|I charge you; once you have the dream, decide to begin and begin right away. Wait for nobody to blow whistles for you to start.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|When you decide to be better than you were yesterday and maintain this attitude, you are going to the peak.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|The way you react in times of challenges will determine whether your challenges will weigh you down, or you will overthrow them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Once your intentions are real and wise, helpful and positive, keep going forward. Never ever give up!
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, don’t dream of becoming a superior over other people. Dream of becoming a superior over your previous achievements.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Collect memories, not things.Fill-up dreams, not pockets.Rise above your calling and be the person you always wanted to be.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Don’t look up to people, don’t be someone’s following.Now a days everything you see is just a lie,Instead be the person you want to follow.
Sharon Kirstin, The Answers Within|Surrender to your truth, but never to challenges along your path.
James Hauenstein|Realize in life that you will have your ups and downs. You can't have those wonderful up moments without the downs. If everything stayed the same all the time, that would be depressing.
Peter Parker Spiderman|No one can win every battle, but no man should fall without a struggle
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Intellectually, we may appreciate that loving ourselves would give us a firm foundation but for most of us this is a leap of logic, not a leap of the heart.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Humility is the fundamental principle that builds up greatness. Arrogance on the other hand never brings anything good. When you are humble, you’ll learn to become better.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, never let the attitude of pride linger around your ambitions.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Never fade into your life,Never stop imagining,Never give up on your dreams,You only fail, when you think you have failed.
Ymatruz|Thoughts are ideas scattered in your head. When written forms a sentence. When rhymed, it forms a phrase and singing it blooms a beautiful poem.
Ahmed Abdulrahman|Stones Come And Go, The Big Fish Eat The Little Fish And I Keep On Battling.
Madeleine Brent, Stranger at Wildings|I didn't mean that I'm a nonpareil now. But I'm different, yes. I've found out that I can do quite difficult things if I keep trying very hard, and at least I've discovered that if I don't keep myself occupied I'm unhappy and unpleasant.
Ymatruz|It is a fact of life that when you are small, people expect little things from you. But when you've done a great thing, people are amazed.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|People are attracted to leaders who are skillful in motivating them to become more, do more, and achieve more...
Ymatruz, The Coffee Cries Foul|Listen to the arts of kids, their hands when tied have wings.
Rodi Szoke|We must be grateful every time we witness a new morning, feel the touch of a loved one, or are blessed with the briefest sound of life.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee; as for the time it did me. There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness. And there is a Catskill eagle in some souls that can alike dive down into the blackest gorges, and soar out of them again and become invisible in the sunny spaces. And even if he for ever flies within the gorge, that gorge is in the mountains; so that even in his lowest swoop the mountain eagle is still higher than other birds upon the plain, even though they soar.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Never stop dreaming,Never get satisfied,Make you goals bigger, every-time you reach them.Be more then you were, every day.
Apostle Louisa Henry|I have learnt that the best time for one to shout victory is in the middle of the war, it gives much more courage to go forward and conquer, it motivates you, it causes you to set your face towards the dangers ahead while having your heart, mind, soul and spirit on victory
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|It wasn't nothing, but it wasn't everything either.
Apostle Louisa Henry|In order to keep standing, one must first know how and why should they stand,
D.S. Mashego|When our ‘thought life’ is in good shape, our thought processes shape-up, and quality decision-making becomes a norm. It is these quality decisions that will take you to your destiny. Change your thinking and affect your environment.
Patrick Bryant, Hum A Radiant Sickness|If you can't stomach an ending, don't begin.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|The difference between an achiever and a loser is,An achiever never gives up, never settles and lastly never forgets.
Jennifer Ho-Dougatz|The more I learn about myself, the more I realize it isn't about me.
D.S. Mashego|You have a great destiny ahead of you. The one thing that is standing between you and your destiny, is your mindset.To a greater extent, your success is largely dependent on your attitude towards life. Your thinking patterns determine how far you go in life. This is because your life is shaped by your thoughts. Therefore, it is imperative that you manage and invest in your ‘thought life’.
Germany Kent|Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life.
Yaron Brook, Equal is Unfair: America's Misguided Fight Against Income Inequality|Our focus should be on making the most of our own lives, regardless of whether we start at the bottom or the top- not on envying the advantages and achievements of others.
RVM|People are so busy making money that they forget they will leave it all behind. When we depart, we only take with us the good we do in this world.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|No God, no messiah, no prophet can grant your wishes – it is only through your own efforts that you can make your wishes come true – it is only you who can grant your own wishes.
Abhishek jadaun|we can do ,whatever we want to do.
Tom Cunningham|Sometimes, life is like mountain climbing. After you've achieved your biggest goals, you must return to the starting point to complete the journey and share your story with others to encourage them for their climb.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|With the rise of self- awareness, all separatisms cease to exist - all delusions cease to exist.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|There is no God in Buddha’s teachings. There is no religious ritual in Buddha’s teachings. All that there is, is simple “Karma” or “Work” – that is the “Dhamma” or “Duty” or “Religion” he preached.
Abhijit Naskar, The Krishna Cancer|To all the women I say, don’t ask to be saved by anyone, “my brave baghinis” (tigresses). Remember, if you deem yourselves as sheeps, men will treat you as such, but if you deem yourselves as tigresses, then you are the ones who will shape humanity.
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)aamir rajput khan)|If it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Do not become self-absorbed, but become self-aware.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Great occasions often stimulate a person to do something great, but that tells nothing of his or her real character. Great is the person who does good always, in sickness and in health, in riches and in poverty.
RScorp|When you start to promise yourself, that means you are living!
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|Knowledge without Truth is information without illumination and its all like icing without cake, can be sweet, but it ends up making you sick.
Nabil N. Jamal|The only instance where five purely-negative words have had a highly positive, motivational impact, are Winston Churchill's "Never, Never, Never, Never Give-Up".
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Great is the person who does good always, in sickness and in health, in riches and in poverty.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Religion, when realized truly, can provide an extremely accurate moral compass to the human conscience, while politics on the other hand, when utilized properly can ensure the wellbeing of the society.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Every nation, every woman and every man must work out their own salvation.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Your imagination, your will, your conscience – these are almighty – they make you achieve things that no human being has ever achieved in history.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Character is what the world needs - character that will empower the mind with such an unimaginable strength that one would meet death face to face and say “some other time, pal!
Gibran Khalil Gibran|If your heart is a volcano,how shall you expect flower to bloom?
Ogwo David Emenike|See your hard times through the spectacles of your experiences. They, too, shall pass away.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Forget all the formal decency of tolerance, and simply love your fellow humans. And the Self within you shall attain the highest pedestal of greatness, way higher than all the book-learned preachers in the world.
Mehak Bhalla|Getting bullied in school taught me how to be strong, getting judged taught me to be better, failure taught me to be resilient and being made fun of taught me humility.
Mehak Bhalla|Don’t just expect life to be a continuous streak of wins,Expect it to be a balance of wins and losses,Expect it to be a roller coaster,Expect it to be a wild ride,Expect it to be glorious,Expect it to be devastating,Expect good days,and then expect moments that will test you for everything you have.Be Strong. Be Patient. Be Compassionate. Be Wild. Be Passionate. Be energetic. Follow your dreams. Believe.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|What I want from you comrade, what the world wants from you, O dearest, are the neurons of steel, within which dwells a mind of the same material of which the thunderbolt is made.
Werley Nortreus, Best Quotes of Werley Nortreus|The world is not a great place because racist people come with a race type of agenda, and it don't make the world great, it makes it worst than ever.
Werley Nortreus, Best Quotes of Werley Nortreus|If we love each other without creating a race war, people wouldn't get hurt that much, and feelings too.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Help anyone who comes to you, as much as lies in your power, not because you are good person, nor because you want to be adored, but because you are a real human – a real human of the civilized society.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|I – the eternal idea of oneness, have said this before – and now in the century 21st, say once again - Awake, my friend! Arise, my friend! Start walking my friend! And do not stop until you bring the change you wish to see in your society!
Aymen Tmar|Don't be average and lazy, If you want to successes you should work hard to achieve it
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Love opens the most impossible gates in the world. Feel, therefore, my would-be patriots. Do you feel? Do you feel that millions of your sisters and brothers are starving today and have been in such condition for ages? Do you feel my dear soldiers? Do you feel that the light of truth has become much scarier to the society than the darkness of ignorance? Does this not make you restless? Does this not make you sleepless? Has it not gone into your blood yet, coursing through your veins, becoming resonant with your heart-beat? Are you not yet seized with the one idea of lifting the misery from the society? Have you not been yet immersed in this idea, so much so that, you have forgotten your name, your fame, your property and even your very physical existence as a flesh and blood being? Have you done that yet? That is the very first step of the real education my friend. Your world needs heroes. Be Heroes!
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|I do not hail myself as an atheist, for I am not an atheist. In fact, I have met God, felt God and even lived in God, same as the prophets of human history. But mark you, humanism cannot be compromised because of some doctrines presented as God’s command. In the domain of transcendence, all commands received by the mind, are created by the mind itself. They manifest as divine revelations, but in reality, they are revelations rising from the mind itself. And as such, they have potential to be both good and evil.
Nicole  Lyons|She will rise. With a spine of steel and a roar like thunder, she will rise.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Don't let anyone make you believe that without their support you can't make it, hey look up, help is coming from unexpected places. Cheer up!
Mark Susnow|Each of us get to choose the movie of our life. Not only that, but we're the main character, the director, and the producer. We get to choose how we want it to be.From the Soul of Uncertainty
Tare Munzara|The fruits of every laborer are bountiful, ripe and sweet just as the laborer's input. The laws of compensation do not allow one to have a bumper harvest against poor sowing and maintenance... If you want a good opportunity you must be willing to put input which is beyond the opportunity demands going the extra mile. Dont play your self , you must go the extra mile.
M.B. Mohan|In the midst of the naysayers, he kept doubting himself and finally gave up. But all he had to do was to surround himself with positive people to be successful.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Human you are, and your religion, Humanism.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|I have a little moral trouble with the term “mankind”, as it possesses an innate gender bias, which I cannot approve of, hence, I prefer the term “humanity” over it, and the term “human” over “man”.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|No God, Religion, Race or Nation is higher than the humans.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Life is a natural phenomenon – and by mystifying it, one only disgraces its natural beauty.
Crystal Boyd|We convince ourselves that life will be better after we get married, have a baby, then another. Then we are frustrated that the kids aren't old enough and we'll be more content when they are. After that we're frustrated that we have teenagers to deal with. We will certainly be happy when they are out of that stage. We tell ourselves that our life will be complete when our spouse gets his or her act together, when we get a nicer car, are able to go on a nice vacation, when we retire. The truth is, there's no better time to be happy than right now. Your life will always be filled with challenges. It's best to admit this to yourself and decide to be happy anyway. One of my favorite quotes comes from Alfred D Souza. He said, "For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real life. But there was always some obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished business, time still to be served, a debt to be paid. Then life would begin. At last it dawned on me that these obstacles were my life."This perspective has helped me to see that there is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way. So, treasure every moment that you have. Stop waiting until you finish school, until you go back to school, until you lose ten pounds, until you gain ten pounds, until you have kids, until your kids leave the house, until you start work, until you retire, until you get married, until you get divorced, until Friday night, until Sunday morning, until you get a new car or home, until your car or home is paid off, until spring, until summer, until fall, until winter, until you are off welfare, until the first or fifteenth, until your song comes on, until you've had a drink, until you've sobered up, until you die, until you are born again to decide that there is no better time than right now to be happy.
Adriana Locke, Switch|Learn to love mornings! Everyday is a fresh start. You've a lot to look forward to. Your whole life is in front of you. You can get up everyday and decide what you're going to accomplish, what goals you're going to work towards. Think about that. Every morning is an opportunity to change what you aren't happy with.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Those who fail to think, will shrink, sink and stink.
Rajasaraswathii, I Want to be a Millionaire|Producing what is required for the time, without damaging our inbuilt features is an art
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|My Sikh sisters and brothers proclaim with utter glory and faith “Jo Bole So Nihaal, Sat Sri Akaal”, I say ”Jo Anubhava So Nihaal, Sat Sri Akaal”. My translation of the former is “He who utters ‘Great Eternal Truth’ becomes joyous”, while the latter translates to “He who experiences ‘Great Eternal Truth’ becomes joyous”.
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|Everyone in this world is Abhimanyu, the difference being that most of us are trapped in a labyrinth of our own creation. It takes a lifetime for people to realise that the way out lies in their own hands. All it requires is a little introspection.
Robin Sacredfire|The wider our conscience, the wider the impact of our actions, and I do believe someone with more light has the moral duty to enlighten others.
Theodore Roosevelt, American Ideals: And Other Essays, Social and Political|Nothing in this world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty. No kind of life is worth leading if it is always an easy life. I know that your life is hard; I know that your work is hard; and hardest of all for those of you who have the highest trained consciences, and who therefore feel always how much you ought to do. I know your work is hard, and that is why I congratulate you with all my heart. I have never in my life envied a human being who led an easy life; I have envied a great many people who led difficult lives and led them well.
Dipika Agarwal, The Better Side - 16 Positive Attributes To Lead A Better Life|Your vibes define your character.Be the one for whom people demand,When you know you are destined for greatness,You feel incomplete until you succeed.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|Only a handful of individuals in human history can be truly hailed as Christians, such as Tolstoy, Gandhi, Mother Teresa, Rumi, Martin Luther King Jr. and a few others.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|To be able to open the heart again after betrayal, injury, or loss is a precious act. It requires both courage and compassion. It requires a new movement to emerge from the depths of grief. Forgiveness is one of the most certain paths to restoration, and it is also one of the most difficult. However, it is an attempt to return to wholeness, once again, by letting go and freeing myself from the tight clutch and heavy burden of caution, anger, resentment, and the desire for revenge and punishment. In forgiving others, I free myself towards belonging and wholeness, be it with the person I am forgiving, or with myself.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|Anyone who utters “salvation only through Christ” inadvertently commits to the greatest blasphemy of all, which is differentiation, and this in turn diminishes the very essence of the title Christian.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|The more a person is united within himself or herself and inwardly simple, the more and higher things he or she understands, because he or she receives the light of understanding from within.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|If Christ attained the state of Absolute Divinity, so can you. And once you do, then only you will understand the true meaning of Religion and God.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|All our sentiments - religious, romantic or any other - are born in the neurons.
Mitch Albom|My friedns, if we tend to the things that are important in life, if we are right with those we love and behave in line with our faith, our lives will not be cursed with the aching throb of unfulfilled business. Our words will always be sincere, our embraces will be tight. We will never wallow in the agony of 'I could have, I should have.' We can sleep in a storm. "And when it's time, our good-byes will be complete.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|My friends, if we tend to the things that are important in life, if we are right with those we love and behave in line with our faith, our lives will not be cursed with the aching throb of unfulfilled business. Our words will always be sincere, our embraces will be tight. We will never wallow in the agony of 'I could have, I should have.' We can sleep in a storm. "And when it's time, our good-byes will be complete.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|He loved to smile. He avoided anger. He was never haunted by "Why am I here?" He knew why he was here, he said: to give to others, to celebrate God, and to enjoy and honour the world he was put in. His morning prayers began with "Thank you, Lord, for returning my soul to me." When you start that way, the rest of the day is a bonus.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, The Weak Point Dealer|We feel that we don't have luck with us and everybody does at a particular moment of time. Whereas, when we do, we forget to notice that the others don't.
ETC Wanyanwu|The man who said no to sin, cheat, deceit, manipulation, wickedness, hatred, jealousy and pride, has said yes to greatness
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Sirs, if you are listening and are not acting, it is like a man who is always tilling but never sowing. It is better not to listen to a truth than to listen without acting, for then it becomes a poison.
Karishma Magvani|You wake up and you realised, you suddenly have have wings? What will you do? You'll go and cut those, because that's what they thought you. They taught you to be sorry for everything. They thought you to be normal.
Joyram|Do not fear the conflict, and do not flee from it; where there is no struggle, there is no Virtue.
John Taskinsoy|Do not waste time wondering things you can't do well, instead think about things you can do great.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|He (Mohammed) was an ordinary man just like any other man. And as such his personal instincts, urges, drives as well as his philosophical goodness bubbled to the surface of his consciousness when he attained the Absolute Unitary Qualia.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Islamophobia may not actually be considered as a medical condition, unlike a medical condition, it is nothing but a primordial disgrace to the character of thinking humanity.
Karishma Magvani|You wake up and you realised, you suddenly have have wings! What will you do? You'll go and cut those, because that's what they taught you. They taught you to be sorry for everything. They taught you to be normal.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we pray to God, He will give us wisdom to solve any problem.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without endurance, how can we overcome any difficult?
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Harmony also is not a luxury, it is an evolutionary necessity, if we are to advance further. And harmony cannot be compromised for any book in the world, no matter how ancient, or who wrote it.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|Jesus Christ, from Nazareth was a glorious man in human history – a man filled with love, compassion and purity of conscience.
ETC Wanyanwu|When people have nothing positive or negative to say about you, it means you don't exist
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Fear, anxiety, stress and panic, all these are basic evolutionary expression of the human brain. They are part of the normal human condition.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Do I wither up and disappear, or do I make the best of my time left?"-Morrie
Coleen Innis|Don't worry about what you can't do, do what you can do!
Harshvardhan Malpani|When life takes you down like Brock Lesnar, You have to be Goldberg. But struggle doesn't stop there, you will be taken down again soon. You will have to be Undertaker this time. It is all about improving and improvising.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be tiny in flesh, but fat in spirit.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Set a challenge for yourself and challenge yourself to set a challenge for others to challenge themselves. True strength, true wisdom, true tenacity and true courage is best seen when it is in motion! Take action!
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|When phobia starts to build up in the psyche of thinking humanity against a part of its own kind, there is nothing more primordial and gruesome than that, especially when we are talking about a species that is supposedly the most intelligent one on Earth. Phobias recorded in DSM do not make a person lesser human, but Islamophobia does indeed define whether a person is really a thinking and sentient sapiens or an ignorant caveman.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|A conscientious man, Muslim or otherwise, would never abuse his wife and then resort to the scripture to justify his actions. But a fundamentalist caveman would gloriously beat his wife whenever he likes and shamelessly quote from Quran to rationalize his monstrosity.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Whether a religion is of peace or violence should be defined by the actions of its people, not by some books.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|All the terrorism in the world that fester in the name of religion, are in fact not religious in nature, rather they are socio-political. Their roots are not religion, but socio-political condition. Religion is only used as a divine tool of authoritative justification in the search of absolution.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Religion is deeply intertwined with a person’s cultural identity. Hence, trying to take it away, is not only unethical from a humane standpoint, but also it is immoral and downright inhuman.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Usually the term phobia refers to the psychological fear of the human mind from something that poses a threat. But when a species starts using the term fear against a biological portion of itself, there is nothing more demeaning than this.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read the Scriptures, we shall renewed our mind.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Black and white is salt and pepper of colors, for life tastes bland without them.
Ioana-Cristina Casapu|I beg to differ on Charles Bukowski, who says nothing can save you, except writing. Sometimes, absolutely nothing will save you, not the nights you end up wasting waiting for something grand to happen, not the mornings where coffee has no taste and you wake up knowing the day will not be a blast, not the plans and schemes you write down on your imaginary flipchart to make the world go round. You end up stuck, alone and in the disparate points of chaos that drag you down, you have to come up with something to save yourself. Then you make six impossible wishes before breakfast, start walking and working and learn to seize what you call paranormal activity when it comes true.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|They are the humans, who are uniquely adorned with the priceless characteristic of empathizing. They are the humans who shed tears full of purity and piety, when they see even a complete stranger in pain and misery. They are the humans who come together to save a kid in the neighborhood when he is trapped under the wreckage of his fallen home, regardless of caste, creed and religion.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|You are the heirs of infinite love and light. Come out my friend. Come out from the narrow lanes of darkness. Come out into the vivacious light of the day where all the glory resides. Come out, O lions, and shake off the ancient mysticism and prejudices. You are the most fascinating expression of Mother Nature. Your soul is the expression of the whole Universe. All the power in the universe is born with you in your biology. Recognize them, realize them and ultimately utilize them in the pursuit of spreading love, harmony and peace.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Black and white, oldest of the vintages, newest of the last season.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Expectations hurt, be it sorry, be it thank you.
Abdur-Rehman Qadeer|I can tell about one who didn't win. And it didn't matter.Because his destiny was battle, Not the victory. He was born to travel, Not to find destination. He lived to live, Not to make a home.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Black and white, severally incomplete and at the same time completely several.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Black and white, vacuum of cosmos vis-à-vis occupancy of skies.
saadshah|Learning starts with single word "WHY".
Lailah Gifty Akita|With Christ, I can endure every suffering,
RVM|When I compare my Life with others who are less fortunate, I feel so blessed and grateful that I immediately stop complaining and start Living with Joy and Gratitude.
Isla Morley, Above|Morning has animated something in me, too, some dormant thing that for years has known only how to sit and wait. Get a move on, it says. Don't let the day get away.
Abhijit Naskar|Prosthetics can fix physical disabilities. But no prosthetic can fix an amputated spirit. So, don't let the society devoid you from your own spirit. Be brave and upright, and delve into even the depth of doom to achieve your goal.
Abhijit Naskar|I had to make a choice, either take care of my family and become a good son, or be a bad son and start working towards constructing a world of harmony and peace. I chose the later.
Julieanne O'Connor|You are not for everybody, but you are for somebody.
Val Uchendu|There're many ways to inspire others but the goal is the same. The pathways are different and must be; because we're diverse. The destination must be the same; to inspire them, so they too can inspire others.
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|Success is not a journey; it's a destination called satisfaction." "Satisfied people are always motivated in heart and keep peace of mind.
Nina Hrusa|If you want to change yourself, you have to change your point of view.
Tom Babin, Frostbike: The Joy, Pain and Numbness of Winter Cycling|A good ride in the winter is something you quietly put adjacent to your heart; an unspoken victory filed away for times of weakness and need, to be pulled out when you require a reminder of what you are capable of.
Talen Williams, Suburban High|Stick by your friends, and they'll help resolve your issues. Or, at the very least, help you forget they exist for a while.
J.P. Morgan|Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you’ll be able to see farther.
Joann Thomas|Sometimes the best helping hand you can get is a good, firm push.
Min Kim|If you listen to everybody, you will be nobody.
Norman Vincent Peale|When you affirm big, believe big and pray big, putting faith into action, big things happen.
Napoleon Hill|Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire, and begin at once, whether you’re ready or not, to put it into action.
Edwin Louis Cole|Successful people recognize crisis as a time for change – from lesser to greater, smaller to bigger.
Unknown|Until you commit your goals to paper, you have intentions that are seeds without soil.
Unknown|If you want to leave your footprints on the sands of time, be sure you’re wearing work shoes.
Laura Schlessinger|When you dare to dream, dare to follow that dream; dare to suffer through the pain, sacrifice, self-doubts and friction from the world.
Donald J. Trump|As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Heidi Priebe|Here’s the stark truth about the person who is right for you: They want the same lifestyle that you do. How do I know this? Because that is, by definition, what makes them right for you. To be with someone whose eyes light up when yours do, whose heart races when your blood also pounds, who is enticed and inspired by the same forces that drive you forward, is a gift many of us never truly get to experience.Because we settle. We settle for the person we love over the person who could push us – to be bigger, stronger, greater versions of ourselves. We tell ourselves that love is enough. That it conquers everything. But we forget that love shouldn’t be the thing that conquers our lives – we should be. And we should do it deliberately, triumphantly, by the side of somebody who shares all of our joys and successes.So how do we meet such a person? That’s simple – we do more of what we love. We give ourselves up to uncertainty, to searching, to pursuing what we want out of life without the certainty of having someone beside us while we do it. We throw ourselves wholeheartedly into the things that we love and we consequently attract the people who love what we love. Who value what we prioritize. Who appreciate all that we are. We throw ourselves into the heart of possibility instead of staying comfortably settled inside of certainty. Because we owe it to ourselves to do so. We owe it to ourselves to live the greatest life that we’re capable of living, even if that means that we have to be alone for a very long time.At the end of the day, love is wonderful but it isn’t enough to make up for an entire lifetime of compromising your core values. You don’t want to spend forever gazing into somebody’s eyes expecting to find all of the answers you need inside of them. Wait for the person who is gazing outward in the same direction as you are.It’s going to make all of the difference in the world
Wes Adamson, Imagination by Moonlight: Living a bold and successful life|To see something as either black or white is easy. To see the entirety in something that has blending colors takes time. To see something that’s not there, takes one who is a visionary.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|One day, all your worries will set like the sun does and deserved happiness will come gushing like waves at the beach do. All you need to make sure is that your trips to beach never end.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|TEDDY DAY POEM:A bear hug for you,and I would make you forget your sorrows!I’ll be there with you forever,in your today and all tomorrows!!..The moment I am not there..Close your eyes and you'll see me..You're there in my heart, and yours, I always would be;so just be fine!..O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine..You're my buddy and I am your teddy..O sweety, you be my.. Valentine...Just be mine.. O O.. be my Valentine!!!
Radin Erus|When stuck in middle of a choice, we always do what we must. Do things we think is right. We are actually never get stuck. We just love to feel stuck.
David Benedict Zumbo|Happiness is that which occurs when you know what sadness is, and that you possess neither it nor the attributes of it. So is sadness, that you know what happiness is, and that you possess neither happiness nor its attributes.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|VALENTINE'S DAY POEM:What earth is to sky.. on the horizon..What moon is to night.. no matter start studded ocean!What Love is to life.. above all give and take..that you are to me.. a rhythm that soulful music would make!*Let's surrender to each other..for a dream to be woven together!!You're my weakness and my strength..wanna live with you till the end!! .. and beyond.. ;)!!!*Even a dent in the universe..can't express my Love for you!My life is yours forever.. O girl, O girl..O girl.. you be mine!!Not just for this time..Everyday beyond.. Valentine,O O my heart, be my.. Valentine!
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|KISS DAY POEM:To start with a kiss..I'll mark first .. on the top of your head.. just to say that.. I'll be with you.. forever!*Next two on the eyes..just to say that.. the world is so beautiful..as I see with you.. whatever!!*Then three.. on the nose and cheek..just to say that.. I am myself..As I walk with you wherever!!!*Then a peck on the neck..just to say that.. you are perfect.and then.. Final one on the lips..just to say that.. just to say that..just to say nothing.Because our love is beyond the skyline!My life is yours forever.. O girl, O girl..O you be my.. Valentine!!!!
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|HUG DAY POEM:Wrap me in your hug..make me feel happy!Hold me tight and close..not like a pillow or a teddy!!My heart needs you..for you touched my soul, believe me things shall go fine.Walk me to my Dreams..and take me to divine!!My life is yours forever.. O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine.Let the hearts embrace..Sugar you be my.. Valentine.Just be mine..O O.. my Valentine!
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|PROMISE DAY POEM:I don't promise that I will bring the moon for you, but.. I shall stand by you in sun!I don't promise that I will not fight with you ever, but.. We shall be together, forever; and distances or differences shall be none!!I don't promise that life will be so easy, and cheesy, but.. when you are with me, I'll make sure it's always fun!!!I just promise one thing; I'll never make you cry, I'll never let you go, so all I need is you to be with me..Let's make it happen.. and let our destiny shine.My life is yours forever.... O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine..Love is more than just promises..Hey honey you be my.. Valentine.Just be mine..O O.. my Valentine!
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|CHOCOLATE DAY POEM:"Chocolate, dark or light..Makes me smile bright.Chocolate, whether speak or not..If it’s love, it conveys a lot.But when you’re.. not there with me..It’s just a piece.. of sugar candy.It’s you, who makes it sweeter..I love it with you, even if it’s bitter.So be there always.. stay forever..I can’t think of life.. without you ever...O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine..You are my choco-life..You be my.. Valentine...Just be mine.. O O.. Valentine!!!
Auliq-Ice|Dreams become regrets when left in the mind, never planted in the soil of action.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Dear 2016,If I had any defeats in your team, I am glad they were on my terms.Love, Defeated Winner
Bear Grylls|Adventure should be 80 percent 'I think this is manageable,' but it's good to have that last 20 percent where you're right outside your comfort zone. Still safe, but outside your comfort zone.
Nurudeen Ushawu|There's nothing I did not hear, there's nothing I did not see, but I never despair.
Abhijit Naskar|If women are given the same honor and dignity in society as the men, they will run the society way better than men.
Auliq-Ice|To be resolved to something is a reflection of your inner core, not the nature of resolving.
Auliq-Ice|Never become impatient with the process, bored with the pace, frustrated at the meager results, just keep trying.
Danielle Lapotte|You will always be too much of something for someone: too big, too loud, too soft, too edgy. If you round out your edges, you'll lose your edge.
Auliq-Ice|Never give up because when you give up, dreams get lost.
Norman MacCaig, The Poems of Norman MacCaig|Self under self, a pile of selves I standThreaded on time, and with metaphysic handLift the farm like a lid and seeFarm within farm, and in the centre, me.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|ROSE DAY POEM:Rose.. if it is..for the one whom you miss..and you want to say a lot..till now that you have not!-Then just go and dare to say..for that moment is today..beyond the earth and sky above..Give it to the one whom you love!!-And sing your heart out..to the universe aloud..-O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine..You are more than this rose to me..You be my.. Valentine.Just be mine.. O O.. Valentine!!!
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|PROPOSE DAY POEM:Austerity..If.. I were to define..it’s you.. yoo hoo!-Happiness is what.. that makes me feel divine.. smiling you.. yoo hoo!!-What rose is in flowers..What moon is in stars..That you are to me..You and I will be we..You’re my life.. I.. I..You’re my life.. I.. I..I love you.. yoo hooI love you.. yoo hoo-O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine..I love you.. I love you.. I love you.. yoo hoo.. You be my.. Valentine.-Just be mine.. I love you..O O Valentine!!!
Coskun YUKSEL|Maybe these days you take some actions and steps that will lead you to the success that you want to achieve. You make preparations, channel all your resources into this process and move forward towards your goal with giant steps. You encounter a little problem in any phase of the process and think that you can solve it with a simple solution. The process seems to be working well, but you may be forgetting one thing.You may, at any time, encounter unexpected problems on the way to your goals. This is quite usual, however, sometimes problems which stand in your way seem so easy to solve that you find a quick solution with a very little effort and try to get rid of the problem. At first glance, things go right. You suppose that you have handled the situation successfully, but the surprise is not late; you realize that your solution is actually a terrible one that causes bigger problems in a way that you would never expect. Bingo!Never let the fact that finding a solution seems to be easy lead you to think that the problem is not serious. A scorpion is small, but it can knock you down with a single move.Good Boys Can't Do A Great Job (from my own book that I am still working on)
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|You greatest gift is who you are, not just what you do.
Thaiia Senquetta, Honey peppered tongue|Healing is your right, your responsibility and the risk you can't afford not to take.
Thaiia Senquetta, Honey peppered tongue|You must have thought more times than you realized "it will hurt".You should know it may. Okay. It may hurt immensely to open you up in your safe, dark space, sporadic light and chaotic air hitting you unlike anything you have known. Sometimes it will feel impossible to swallow. Because finding your way back to you involves telling the truth about oneself while pushing through a field of trees that are all whispering different tones of you.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Be the master of your dreams, not a slave of your sorrows.
Thaiia Senquetta|Don't everallowthe disharmony of otherstobecome your ownamindful practiceof discernment(and the dislike for wearing bullshit)buildsthe eye, heart and spiritual muscles.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|A Neuroscientist can be the smartest man (or woman) on earth in his understanding of the human mind. He may know all the neurochemical changes underlying an outrageous behavior of a person. But when he gets mad himself, very little of his own scientific intellect would actually come in handy for him to control his rage. The virtue of self-control is a skill, which requires practice, regardless of all the neurobiological expertise in the world.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|It is an utter insult towards the fascinating neurons of your cerebral cortex, to believe anybody’s words blindly, even if that person is a Scientist or a Philosopher. So, I urge to you, that you must exercise your own reasoning and judgment (that’s what your cerebral cortex is for; to be specific the frontal lobes) at all times.
Masaoka Shiki|So you can't make a living as a novelist—why not try farming or teaching? Or even begging—what difficulties would that present? Were you born into the world to make a living? Or have you another aim, that of becoming a novelist or something akin? If you want to become a novelist but are worried about how you will eat, then let me share my bowl of rice with you (thoughI am not as well off as I once was). If, in return, you become a great novelist,it will be my greatest joy. . . . I do not presume to urge you to become a novelist. I say only this—be firm of purpose and don't worry about trivialities.And remember the saying: the final tax you pay to achieve your goal is your life.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Some days of my vagabond life I read Arthur Schopenhauer and others Friedrich Nietzsche. I was a humble learner – an empty vessel - at the feet of the legends of human history. I was a seeker of truth, travelling through time while quenching my thirst for knowledge. And a humble learner of today becomes a strong leader of tomorrow.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|All I want is to be at service of humanity, rather than being a teacher. I cannot teach anyone anything I can only make them think.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Energy drinks like Red Bull may give you wings for the moment, but in time it takes away your basic physical and mental wellness and leads to disastrous psychiatric and physiological conditions.
Ane Krstevska|In a relationship, a real man makes his woman feel special; he doesn’t make her feel jealous.
Ane Krstevska|You are charming. Your charm, just like your ability to live happily and be successful is beyond a limit. Day after day, innumerable people all over the world are always in search of social acceptance and validation for their beauty.Stop looking for people’s validation of your beauty! Stop trying to make people accept you; stop trying to look for someone to tell you how charming your eyes are. Stop searching for someone to be grateful for your love and beautiful smile. Stop looking for someone to admire you for your strong mind when you are faced with troubles in life.Don’t give people’s validation more power than it has earned. The can only give you a reflection of your connection with gravity. That’s it. Your purpose in life cannot be measured by a scale, the reason for your existence, your beauty; talent cannot be measured by this scale. Why don’t you just take the note of the number and then live your life freely? Because life is beautiful. You are Beautiful!
Ane Krstevska|So, this is my life. And I’m the architect of my happiness and sadness.
Ane Krstevska|I‘m a dreamer and I’m not the only one, I believe in a world where we all live as one and I hope you will join us one day.
Ane Krstevska|When one door of opportunity closes, another opens; but often we spend most of our time looking at the lost opportunity that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Ane Krstevska|Lack of purpose, not lack of opportunity, is the problem. We are all blessed with different gifts. Everything depends on what you do with yours
Ane Krstevska|Stop wasting your time over what you can’t control, make the most of what you can control and miracles are bound to happen.
Ane Krstevska|Sometimes life knocks you down, but all you need to do is to get up because happiness isn’t in the absence of problems but the strength to overcome.
Ane Krstevska|Success is a work in progress, failure is not the end of the road: it is the strength to continue that matters.
Ane Krstevska|Without ambition, nothing is achieved. Without work, nothing will be completed. The prize will not be sent until you earn it.
Ane Krstevska|Child, listen to those people that will tell you it is not possible to listen to those that will tell you that you can’t do it and now listen to yourself and believe, anything you set your mind on is possible.
Ane Krstevska|We’ve all made mistakes, we all have struggles, and we‘ve done things we don’t even want to remember. All these things are in the past, but you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
Ane Krstevska|Don’t let circumstances hold you down; You were born to be free. Sometimes it’s not the hard work that pays but what you’ve learned from it. Be happy! Be yourself, be free.
Ane Krstevska|I will not try to make you love me, to respect me or commit yourself to me. Bye.
Ane Krstevska|See life as an adventure. There is no security in being feeble. Be brave, be exciting. Be creative. Live’.
Ane Krstevska|Never settle for less, optimize your potential wherever you find yourself.
Ane Krstevska|You can achieve anything, as long as you put your mind to it.
Ane Krstevska|Yesterday’s gone, let it go, It’s not possible to bring it back. Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. Today is a new day!” make the best of it, tomorrow is not promised.
Ane Krstevska|Have you ever wondered how your life would be if you will stop gossiping about people and using your words to bring people down? Try that today, speak only the good things you know about people and encourage others to do the same,
Ane Krstevska|There is a basic truth about life, It is what you make of it, and whether by mistake or not, you’re going to mess up things once in awhile, but the good part is, you get to choose how to mess it up. You will have friends, some real, some fake. The ones that stand beside you through it all are the real ones. Don’t let go of them. Also remember, Your friends are everything you can wish for. As for lovers, they’ll come and go. And I hate to admit it to you, but the truth is, most of them will break your heart, but that doesn‘t mean you should give up on love, because if you do, then you’ve lost it all. You'll never find that person that completes you. If you tried and you failed doesn’t mean you should stop trying. Keep trying, never give up, and never stop to believe in yourself. Because if you don’t, nobody else will. So never lose focus, believe you will make it and most importantly, always smile, because life’s a beautiful thing and there is so much to smile about in life.
Ane Krstevska|Make the best of life while it last, tomorrow is a gift
Ane Krstevska|Perfection is overrated, creativity is the genius and it's better to be considered crazy than to be boring.
Ane Krstevska|Even though fairy tales are fictitious, they made us believe that dragons exist and you can overcome them.
Ane Krstevska|Hate is not the opposite of love but indifference. Art is beautiful; the opposite of it is indifference, not ugliness. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life it is indifference, not death.
Sarah Todd Hammer, Determination|I had learned quickly that life doesn't always go the way I want it to, and that's okay. I still plod on.
Imania Margria|Sometimes you just have to find something to keep your body grounded, your mind flexible, and your heart open.
Unknown|Chin up princess, or the crown slips.
Frank Wilczek|If you don’t make mistakes, you’re not working on hard enough problems
Sesan Kareem|When you focus on your focus, you will soon become the focus.
Amanda Orneck, Shadow of the Owl|We live in a magic time, Kanefionn Stoneweaver. Who is to say that it is not you who create these marvels?
Imania Margria|Being able to inspire the body is an easy feat, but being able to inspire the soul as well is true talent.
Chip St. Clair, The Butterfly Garden: Surviving Childhood on the Run with One of America's Most Wanted|Of all this world's beauty and miracles, brilliance and simplicity-of all nature's graces-children are truly the most remarkable.
Lalah Delia|Darkness seems to have prevailed and has taken the forefront. This country as in the 'cooperation' of The United States of America has never been about the true higher-good of the people. Know and remember this.Cling to your faith.Roll your spiritual sleeves up and get to work. Use your energy wisely. Transmute all anger, panic and fear into light and empowerment.Don't use what fuels them; all lower-energy.Mourn as you need to. Console who you need to—and then go get into the spiritual and energetic arena. There's plenty work for us to do; within and without.Let's each focus on becoming 'The President of Our Own Life.Cultivate your mind. Pursue your purpose. Shine your light. Elevate past—and reject—any culture of low vibrational energy and ratchetness. Don't take fear, defeat or anger—on or in.The system is doing what they've been created to do.Are you? Am I? Are we—collectively?Let's get to work.No more drifting through life without your higher-self in complete control of your mind.Awaken—fully. Activate—now. Put your frustrations or concerns into your work.Don't lose sight. There is still—a higher plan.Let's ride this 4 year energetic-wave like the spiritual gangsters that we are.This will all be the past soon. Let's get to work and stay dedicated, consistent and diligent. Again, this will all be the past soon. We have preparing and work to do.Toxic energy is so not a game.Toxic energy and low vibrations are being collectively acted out on the world stage.Covertly operating through the unconscious weak spots and blind spots in the human psyche; making people oblivious to their own madness, causing and influencing them to act against–their–own–best–interests and higher-good, as if under a spell and unconsciously possessed. This means that they are actually nourishing the lower vibrational energy with their lifestyle, choices, energy and habits, which is unconsciously giving the lower-energy the very power and fuel it needs—for repeating and recreating endless drama, suffering and destruction, in more and more amplified forms on a national and world stage.So what do we do? We take away its autonomy and power over us while at the same time empowering ourselves. By recognizing how this energetic/spiritual virus or parasite of the mind—operates through our unawareness is the beginning of the cure. Knowledge is power. Applied knowledge is—freedom.Our shared future will be decided primarily by the changes that take place in the psyche of humanity, starting with each of us— vibrationally.In closing and most importantly,the greatest protection against becoming affected or possessed by this lower-energy is to be in touch with our higher vibrational-self. We have to call our energy and power back. Being in touch with our higher-self and true nature acts as a sacred amulet, shielding and protecting us from the attempted effects. We defeat evil not by fighting against it (in which case, by playing its game, we’ve already lost) but by getting in touch with the part of us that is invulnerable to its effects— our higher vibrational-self.Will this defeat and destroy us?Or will it awaken us more and more?Everything depends upon our recognizing what is being revealed to us and our stepping out of the unconscious influence of low vibrational/negative/toxic/evil/distraction energy (or whatever name you relate to it as)that is and has been seeking power over each of our lives energetically and/or spiritually, and step into our wholeness, our personal power, our higher self and vibrate higher and higher daily.Stay woke my friends—let's get to work.
Lalah Delia|A new mind, equals a new life.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|I always stay hungry, never satisfied with current accomplishments.
Ane Krstevska|Be yourself, it doesn‘t matter who is looking,Fall in love like you’ve never been hurt,Sing like you are alone even when you are not,And be free like it's paradise on earth.
Ane Krstevska|Lead by example, the change you want to see in this world starts with you.
Jennifer Starzec, Determination|People who don't see you every day have a hard time understanding how on some days--good days--you can run three miles, but can barely walk across the parking lot on other days,' [my mom] said quietly.
Jennifer Starzec, Determination|I often wished that more people understood the invisible side of things. Even the people who seemed to understand, didn't really.
Imania Margria|In times of division and strife, build bridges to the hearts of those clouded by anger, hurt, hatred, and ignorance, so you can help open and understand their minds and hearts, and they can understand yours.
Sarah Todd Hammer, Determination|The video was still playing, although I didn't know why. It seemed as if the able-bodied dancers were mocking me.
Kamal Khanzada|The future is unlimited for you right now, no one can knows what you capable of. Do not surrender! Only you are capable to change the world.
PLP|When starting any business the first thing you must do is Learn before you can Earn. The "L" always come first
Felix O. Hartmann, Dark Age|Life is like riding a ship into the storm. For every wave you take up, you have to drop just as deep.
Sarah Todd Hammer, Determination|The thought of being able to [move my arms] made me want to give up my legs [instead] since I was accustomed to using them. But, I figured that after a few hours of sitting in a wheelchair...I would switch back...in a flash.
Jennifer Starzec, Determination|The weekend was a much-needed breath of fresh air; Monday always seemed to not only take that breath right back, but add a few extra pounds to my shoulders as well.
Sarah Todd Hammer, 5k, Ballet, and a Spinal Cord Injury|Dancing with a spinal cord injury is a challenge like no other, but I aspired to prove to myself that I could still be phenomenal dancer even with an SCI
Abhijit Naskar|Perfection is not to be attained, but to be pursued infinitely.
Hermann Hesse|When someone is searching." said Siddhartha, "then it might easily happen that the only thing his eyes still see is what he searches for, that he is unable to find anything, to let anything enter his mind, because he always thinks of nothing but the object of his search, because he has a goal, because he is obsessed by the goal. Searching means: having a goal. But finding means: being free, being open, having no goal. You, oh venerable one, are perhaps indeed a searcher,because, striving for your goal, there are many things you don't see, which are directly in front of your eyes.
Kiran Shaikh|No matter how dark it may feel, always remember, that somewhere beyond the darkest clouds the Sun is always shining.
Christopher Earle|What makes one strong is not the ability to confront adversity and cruelty, but rather the ability to love in spite of it.
Art Alexakis|I want to walk inside a Van Gogh sun, and see a better world all different and new.I want to live where there are no shadows, of all those stupid things we both know that we used to do.I want to walk inside a Van Gogh sun, I want to see the world exactly like you do.I want to live where the past doesn’t matter, Whatever it takes I will never give up on you.
Nick Lake, There Will Be Lies|Every generation that goes into your genes is a generation of fighters, of survivors. And all those millions of lives are in you, in your blood.
Harrison Ford|The force is within you, force yourself.
Martin M. Stupak|A key to the brighter future is to reassess goals, priorities and do best to make things happen.
Amir Shalaby|Your Dream is not a person when you feel broken and failure enough to say that your dream is dead .Revive it ! don't give up . it's the only thing that makes you not a robot , it's the only thing that makes your life got a meaning .
Lucas J. Robak|Anything I can do, you can do better. It is a matter of belief backed by desire.
Abhijit Naskar|Keep walking on the path of bravery. Keep walking on the path of your passion. Keep walking, and do not stop until you reach your goal.
Rebekah Elizabeth Gamble, The Talking Stick Diaries: Cherish Your Soul|Letting go is not about giving up, being lazy, or sacrificing yourself... Letting go doesn't have to mean losing; it can be about coming into a new, open, clean space from which you can create.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Poems of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Awake! arise! the hour is late! Angels are knocking at thy door!They are in haste and cannot wait, And once departed come no more.Awake! arise! the athlete's arm Loses its strength by too much rest;The fallow land, the untilled farm Produces only weeds at best.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|If educated ones would behave like illiterates, how the nation would end corruption?
Anonymous|If I quit now, I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started I was desperately wishing to be where I am now.
René Friedrich, Success. Love. Poetry.|If people doubt you, then you made progress from "who cares?
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Anti-corruption policies are like cancer curing treatments. They affect good cells, say good people, in the short run; but make the life of a nation flourish in the long term.
Abhijit Naskar|Biologically speaking, you are the child of Mother Nature, and neurologically speaking, you are the heirs of immortal bliss.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Professionals and good Samaritans, once be the gardener of the nation, would root up corruption.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Erosion of corruption is ambition of a nation. Sow the revolution or go for contribution; if not, opt corroboration.
Roshan Sharma|The life is possible without the past. You can always have a fresh start with life, at any point. Each moment millions of children’s are born to have a fresh start with life.
Shashank Rayal|Struggle is like a tunnel in the road of life; you have to enter, you have to come out.
Rob Liano|If you aren't constantly focused on your goals, you can easily waste all of the time, energy and money you invest in pursuing them.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract|The bounds of human possibility are not as confining as we think they are; they are made to seem to be tight by our weaknesses, our vices, our prejudices that confine them.
Abhijit Naskar|There is a difference between how you live your life, and what you do with your life.
Avinash Rao|Ordinary will please, but never impress.
Iain S. Thomas, I Wrote This For You|That everything you want to happen, will happen, if you decide you want it enough. That every time you think a sad thought, you can think a happy one instead.That you control that completely.That the people who make you laugh are more beautiful than beautiful people. That you laugh more than you cry. That crying is good for you. That the people you hate wish you would stop and you do too.That your friends are reflections of the best parts of you. That you are more than the sum total of the things you know and how you react to them. That dancing is sometimes more important than listening to the music.That the most embarrassing, awkward moments of your life are only remembered by you and no one else
T.N. Suarez, The Limbo Tree|If you surrender to your imagination, the story will write itself.
Marilyn Vos Savant|In my opinion, defining intelligence is much like defining beauty, and I don’t mean that it’s in the eye of the beholder. To illustrate, let’s say that you are the only beholder, and your word is final. Would you be able to choose the 1000 most beautiful women in the country? And if that sounds impossible, consider this: Say you’re now looking at your picks. Could you compare them to each other and say which one is more beautiful? For example, who is more beautiful— Katie Holmes or Angelina Jolie? How about Angelina Jolie or Catherine Zeta-Jones? I think intelligence is like this. So many factors are involved that attempts to measure it are useless. Not that IQ tests are useless. Far from it. Good tests work: They measure a variety of mental abilities, and the best tests do it well. But they don’t measure intelligence itself.
Avinash Rao|Common will please, but never impress.
Aníbal Barça|We will either find a way, or make one.
Steven Aitchison|We are all capable of so much more than we think, the only thing we need to do is change our beliefs
ted talk|The major barrier to skill acquisition is not intellectual, it is emotional.
Steven Wolff, Self Aware: Revenge Of The Fallen|Who you choose to surround yourself with will determine if you fail, or if you will succeed. Assets are people who will support you, build you up, and encourage you. Liabilities are people who will tear you down, discourage you, and give you reasons why you can't do whatever it is you want to do. Minimize the liabilities and you'll go far in life.
Wayne Chirisa|Subliminal influence, is the constant drive to the change in consumer choices.
Wayne Chirisa|Living someone else's vision, is proclaiming death to your imparted destiny, and proclaiming life to the destiny of the visionaries pursuing their visions.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough.
Douglas Coupland, Life After God|And then I felt sad because I realized that once people are broken in certain ways, they can't ever be fixed, and this is something nobody ever tells you when you are young and it never fails to surprise you as you grow older as you see the people in your life break one by one. You wonder when your turn is going to be, or if it's already happened.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|This is an important lesson to remember when you're having a bad day, a bad month, or a shitty year. Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most. I believe you can't feel real joy unless you've felt heartache. You can't have a sense of victory unless you know what it means to fail. You can't know what it's like to feel holy until you know what it's like to feel really fucking evil. And you can't be birthed again until you've died.
Maya Angelou|There were people who went to sleep last night, poor and rich and white and black, but they will never wake again. And those dead folks would give anything at all for just five minutes of this weather or ten minutes of plowing. So you watch yourself about complaining. What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|First, let no one rule your mind or body. Take special care that your thoughts remain unfettered... . Give men your ear, but not your heart. Show respect for those in power, but don't follow them blindly. Judge with logic and reason, but comment not. Consider none your superior whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly, or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your beliefs and others will listen.
Martha Medeiros|He who becomes the slave of habit,who follows the same routes every day,who never changes pace,who does not risk and change the color of his clothes,who does not speak and does not experience,dies slowly.He or she who shuns passion,who prefers black on white,dotting ones "it’s" rather than a bundle of emotions, the kind that make your eyes glimmer,that turn a yawn into a smile,that make the heart pound in the face of mistakes and feelings,dies slowly.He or she who does not turn things topsy-turvy,who is unhappy at work,who does not risk certainty for uncertainty,to thus follow a dream,those who do not forego sound advice at least once in their lives,die slowly.He who does not travel, who does not read,who does not listen to music,who does not find grace in himself,she who does not find grace in herself,dies slowly.He who slowly destroys his own self-esteem,who does not allow himself to be helped,who spends days on end complaining about his own bad luck, about the rain that never stops,dies slowly.He or she who abandon a project before starting it, who fail to ask questions on subjects he doesn't know, he or she who don't reply when they are asked something they do know,die slowly.Let's try and avoid death in small doses,reminding oneself that being alive requires an effort far greater than the simple fact of breathing.Only a burning patience will leadto the attainment of a splendid happiness.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Always be fearless. Walk like lion, talk like pigeons, live like elephants and love like an infant child.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, pray, love: one woman's search for everything|That’s the thing about a human life-there’s no control group, no way to ever know how any of us would have turned out if any variables had been changed.
Erol Ozan|Help someone, you earn a friend. Help someone too much, you make an enemy.
Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now|That's the thing about lessons, you always learn them when you don't expect them or want them.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|Just like there's always time for pain, there's always time for healing.
Paulo Coelho|Forgive but do not forget, or you will be hurt again. Forgiving changes the perspectives. Forgetting loses the lesson.
Paulo Coelho, Aleph|Don’t be intimidated by other people’s opinions. Only mediocrity is sure of itself, so take risks and do what you really want to do.
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|You know the saying: he who doesn't understand history is doomed to repeat it. And when it's repeated, the stakes are doubled.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|I'm not a body with a soul, I'm a soul that has a visible part called the body.
Jonas Jonasson, The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared|Things are what they are, and whatever will be, will be.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Like all failed experiments, that one taught me something I didn’t expect: one key ingredient of so-called experience is the delusional faith that it is unique and special, that those included in it are privileged and those excluded from it are missing out.
Mel Brooks|As long as the world is turning and spinning, we're gonna be dizzy and we're gonna make mistakes.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|When you're following your inner voice, doors tend to eventually open for you, even if they mostly slam at first.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|No human being, when you understand his desires, is worthless. No one's life is nothing. Even the most evil of men and women, if you understand their hearts, had some generous act that redeems them, at least a little, from their sins.
Aesop, Aesop's Fables|Betray a friend, and you'll often find you have ruined yourself.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|Never assume that the person you are dealing with is weaker or less important than you are. Some people are slow to take offense, which may make you misjudge the thickness of their skin, and fail to worry about insulting them. But should you offend their honor and their pride, they will overwhelm you with a violence that seems sudden and extreme given their slowness to anger. If you want to turn people down, it is best to do so politely and respectfully, even if you feel their request is impudent or their offer ridiculous.
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|Actions speak louder than words, and a smile says, ‘I like you. You make me happy. I am glad to see you.
Zig Ziglar|You were born to win, but to be a winner you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|I believe that worrying about a bad thing prepares you for it when it comes. If you worry, the bad thing doesn't hit you as hard. You can roll with the punch if you see it coming.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|In breaking away from the familiar and the expected, you'll be forced and privileged to face greater challenges, learn harder lessons, and really get to know yourself.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Lexicon|Fear's useless. Either something bad happens or it doesn't: If it doesn't, you've wasted time being afraid, and if it does, you've wasted time that you could have spent sharpening your weapons.
Erica Jong|Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame.
Nicholas Sparks, The Lucky One|It's hard at times, but it makes a kid strong in ways that most people can't understand. Teaches them that even though people are left behind, new ones will inevitable take their place; that every place has something good - and bad - to offer. It makes a kid grow up fast.
David Elkins, Beyond Religion: A Personal Program for Building a Spiritual Life Outside the Walls of Traditional Religion|If someone told me that I could live my life again free of depression provided I was willing to give up the gifts depression has given me--the depth of awareness, the expanded consciousness, the increased sensitivity, the awareness of limitation, the tenderness of love, the meaning of friendship, the apreciation of life, the joy of a passionate heart--I would say, 'This is a Faustian bargain! Give me my depressions. Let the darkness descend. But do not take away the gifts that depression, with the help of some unseen hand, has dredged up from the deep ocean of my soul and strewn along the shores of my life. I can endure darkness if I must; but I cannot lie without these gifts. I cannot live without my soul.' (p. 188)
Justin Alcala|Which is the true nightmare, the horrific dream that you have in your sleep or the dissatisfied reality that awaits you when you awake?
Paolo Nutini|Where'd the days go, when all we did was play? And the stress that we were under wasn't stress at all just a run and a jump into a harmless fall
James Redfield, The Celestine Prophecy: A Pocket Guide to the Nine Insights|I don't think that anything happens by coincidence... No one is here by accident... Everyone who crosses our path has a message for us. Otherwise they would have taken another path, or left earlier or later. The fact that these people are here means that they are here for some reason"...
Amit Ray, World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird|Life is not always perfect. Like a road, it has many bends, ups and down, but that’s its beauty.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|We make messes of our lives, but every now and then, we manage to do something that's exactly right. The challenge is figuring out which is which.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|When they killed him, Mother wouldn't hold her peace, so they slit her throat. I was stupid then, being only nine, and I fought to save them both. But the thorns held me tight. I've learned to appreciate thorns since. The thorns taught me the game. They let me understand what all those grim and serious men who've fought the Hundred War have yet to learn. You can only win the game when you understand that it IS a game. Let a man play chess, and tell him that every pawn is his friend. Let him think both bishops holy. Let him remember happy days in the shadows of his castles. Let him love his queen. Watch him loose them all.
Derekica Snake, Tentacles for the Brides Bouquet|...fool me once, shame on me…fool me twice…I deserved to get fucked over.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|When you leave home to follow your dreams, your road will probably be riddled with potholes, not always paved in happy Technicolor bricks. You'll probably be kicked to the ground 150 million times and told you're nuts by friends and strangers alike. As you progress you may feel lonely or terrified for your physical and emotional safety. You may overestimate your own capabilities or fail to live up to them, and you'll surely fall flat on your face once in a while.
Megan Wilson|The people you are closest to tend to be able to hurt you the most - that is why heartbreak is so hard to deal with, why death is so painful, and why fights can destroy things that matter.
Jackson Brown  Jr.|Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference. Don't allow the phone to interrupt important moments. It's there for your convenience, not the callers. Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. Don't burn bridges. You'll be surprised how many times you have to cross the same river. Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated. Don't major in minor things. Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Helen Keller, Leonardo Da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein. Don't spread yourself too thin. Learn to say no politely and quickly. Don't use time or words carelessly. Neither can be retrieved. Don't waste time grieving over past mistakes Learn from them and move on. Every person needs to have their moment in the sun, when they raise their arms in victory, knowing that on this day, at his hour, they were at their very best. Get your priorities straight. No one ever said on his death bed, 'Gee, if I'd only spent more time at the office'. Give people a second chance, but not a third. Judge your success by the degree that you're enjoying peace, health and love. Learn to listen. Opportunity sometimes knocks very softly. Leave everything a little better than you found it. Live your life as an exclamation, not an explanation. Loosen up. Relax. Except for rare life and death matters, nothing is as important as it first seems. Never cut what can be untied. Never overestimate your power to change others. Never underestimate your power to change yourself. Remember that overnight success usually takes about fifteen years. Remember that winners do what losers don't want to do. Seek opportunity, not security. A boat in harbor is safe, but in time its bottom will rot out. Spend less time worrying who's right, more time deciding what's right. Stop blaming others. Take responsibility for every area of your life. Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get. The importance of winning is not what we get from it, but what we become because of it. When facing a difficult task, act as though it's impossible to fail.
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|There is a season for wildness and a season for settledness, and this is neither. This season is about becoming. Don't lose yourself at happy hour, but don't lose yourself on the corporate ladder, either.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Even seasonal situations can bring with them lessons that last a lifetime. If the love doesn’t last, it prepares you for the one that will.
Susanna Kearsley, The Winter Sea|But life, if nothing else, had taught her promises weren't always to be counted on, and what appeared at first a shining chance might end in bitter disappointment.
Satchel Paige|You win a few, you lose a few. Some get rained out. But you got to dress for all of them.
James Frey, My Friend Leonard|Be bold. But not bold, be fucking bold.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|There are some kinds of wounds you can get, internal injuries. You don't know what's wrong with you, but you're bleeding to death slowly inside.
Joss Whedon|Wherever I was, I was happy. At peace. I knew that everyone I cared about was all right. I knew it. Time didn't mean anything, nothing had form but I was still me, you know? And I was warm and I was loved and I was finished. Complete. I don't understand about theology or dimensions, or any of it, really but I think I was in heaven. And now I'm not. I was torn out of there. Pulled out by my friends. Everything here is hard, and bright, and violent. Everything I feel, everything I touch this is hell. Just getting through the next moment, and the one after that knowing what I've lost...
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|If I had learned anything in my life about love, it was that they were tenous things that could end at any moment. Caution was essential-but not at the cost of risking your life
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|The person may have a scar, but it also means they have a story
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|Children, Never look Back!" and this meant that we must never allow the future to be weighed down by memory . for children have no past, and that is the whole secret of the magical innocence of their smiles.
Leymah Gbowee, Mighty Be Our Powers: How Sisterhood, Prayer, and Sex Changed a Nation at War|The person who hurt you--who raped you or killed your family--is also here. If you are still angry at that person, if you haven't been able to forgive, you are chained to him. Everyone could feel the emotional truth of that: When someone offends you and you haven't let go, every time you see him, you grow breathless or your heart skips a beat. If the trauma was really severe, you dream of revenge. Above you, is the Mountain of Peace and Prosperity where we all want to go. But when you try to climb that hill, the person you haven't forgiven weighs you down. It's a personal choice whether or not to let go. No one can tell you how long to mourn a death or rage over a rape. But you can't move forward until you break that chain.
David Archuleta, Chords of Strength: A Memoir of Soul, Song and the Power of Perseverance|I made up my mind not to care so much about the destination, and simply enjoy the journey.
Denis Waitley|Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|... I discovered life sometimes has a way of giving you what you need, but not in the form you expect.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Living in the Moment - Living in the Breath|Mind is a flexible mirror, adjust it, to see a better world.
Sonia Rumzi|Never mistrust, unless given a reason.
D.B. Harrop|Have a big enough heart to love unconditionally, and a broad enough mind to embrace the differences that make each of us unique.
Draya Mooney|Look at the stars. See their beauty. And in that beauty, see yourself.
James Allen, Byways of Blessedness|Do not dwell upon the sins and mistakes of yesterday so exclusively as to have no energy and mind left for living rightly today, and do not think that the sins of yesterday can prevent you from living purely today.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Styxx|You aren’t old enough to have such regrets.”“Pain doesn’t respect age, my lady.
Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door|The right thing to do is so easy to see when you're seventeen years old and don't have to make any big decisions. When you know that no matter what you do, someone will take care of you and fix everything. But when you're grown up, the world is not that black and white, and the right thing doesn't a tidy little arrow pointing to it.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Student: I don't feel like living anymore. Teacher: If you don't feel like doing something then don't do. This means that in finding many ways how not to live your life, you have the possibility to discover how to live your life.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|The Secret Garden was what Mary called it when she was thinking of it. She liked the name, and she liked still more the feeling that when its beautiful old walls shut her in no one knew where she was. It seemed almost like being shut out of the world in some fairy place. The few books she had read and liked had been fairy-story books, and she had read of secret gardens in some of the stories. Sometimes people went to sleep in them for a hundred years, which she had thought must be rather stupid. She had no intention of going to sleep, and, in fact, she was becoming wider awake every day which passed at Misselthwaite.
Michael Soll|The problem with thick skin is that it leaves you impervious to the sharpest of pins. Everything becomes dull. But without that sense of pain, there cannot be that sense of relief. Ultimately, the thickened skin leaves you numb, incapable of feeling the highs and lows of life. It leaves you rough like a rock and just as inanimate.
Les Brown|Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|The formula of life is simple. It is the formula of giving - giving courage, attention, peace, love and comfort to yourself and the society.
Thomas F. Shubnell|You will never be who you want to be, until you are happy with who you are.
John Muir|Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where Nature may heal and cheer and give strength to body and soul alike.
Kentetsu Takamori|How wonderful it would be if people did all they could for one other without seeking anything in return! One should never remember a kindness done, and never forget a kindness received.
Cecelia Ahern, Thanks for the Memories|A veil hangs between the two opposites, a mere slip of a thing that is transparent to warn us or comfort us. You hate now but look through this veil and see the possibility of love; you're sad now but look through to the other side and see happiness. Absolute composure to a complete mess - it happens so quickly, all in the blink of an eye.
Chris Colfer, The Wishing Spell|I always laugh at the term 'Cinderella story', because, if you ask me, it doesn't matter what life you're living, life never has a solution. No matter how hard the struggles are that you leave behind, new struggles always take their place.
|Congratulations!Today is your dayYou're off to great placesYou're off and awayYou've got brains in your headYou've got feet in your shoesYou can steer yourself anyDirection you chooseYou're on your ownAnd you know what you knowAnd you are the guyWho'll decide where you goOut there things can happenAnd frequently doTo people as brainyAnd footsy as youAnd will you succeed?Yes you will indeed!(98 and 3/4 percent guaranteed)You're off to great placesToday is your dayYour mountain is waitingGo, get on your way!
Paulo Coelho, The Pilgrimage|Once a problem is solved, its simplicity is amazing.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|When life brings you full circle, pay attention. There's a lesson there.
HaveYouSeenThisGirL, She Died|The Law of Inertia states that a body in motion will remain in motion, and a body at rest will remain at rest. In life, nothing will happen when no one will make a move
Gautama Siddharta|Embrace nothing:If you meet the Buddha, kill the Buddha.If you meet your father, kill your father.Only live your life as it is,Not bound to anything.
Marcel Proust|But,instead of what our imagination makes us suppose and which we worthless try to discover,life gives us something that we could hardly imagine.
Immanuel Kant|Treat people as an end, and never as a means to an end
Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Princess Ben|I could not but wonder at the queen's unprecedented civility, until I realized with a flush of shame that it was my own improved behavior that motivated hers. So it is that we in life determine our own treatment.
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|The voice says, maybe you don't go to hell for the things you do. Maybe you go to hell for the things you don't do. The things you don't finish.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Would you not be happier if you tried to forget her severity, together with the passionate emotions it excited? Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs." - Helen Burns
Chelsea Fine, Anew|Before he knew he was immortal. Before life was no longer fragile. Those were the days when life truly meant something.When life was hard but worthwile, and love was valuable because your days were numbered.That was living.
Tim Tharp, The Spectacular Now|They've drummed the miraculous out of you, but you don't want it to be like that. You want the miraculous. You want everything to still be new.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|It's just a feeling I have. What you see with your eyes is not necessarily real. My enemy is, among other things, the me inside me.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|And there it was. He knew it, and I knew it. There was nothing left for me to do. Do you know how hard it is to say nothing ? When every atom of you strains to do the opposite? I just tried to be, tried to absorb the man I loved through osmosis, tried to imprint what I had left of him on myself. I did not speak...
Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon|Sometimes you're trying so hard to get your life together and still it's not enough, everything is falling apart. What to do, you're asking. Just keep going through hell for yourself, not for everyone else. Richer with that wisdom, I will build my happiness from nothing. I will rise from the dust. And I will do it on my own. I will live for myself and I won’t look at the others.
Nick Hornby, About a Boy|Because . . . most of us think that the point is something to do with work, or kids, or family, or whatever. But you don't have any of that. There's nothing between you and despair, and you don't seem a very desperate person.' 'Too stupid.' 'You're not stupid. So why don't you ever put your head in the oven?' 'I don't know. There's always a new Nirvana album to look forward to, or something happening in NYPD Blue to make you want to watch the next episode.' 'Exactly.' 'That's the point? NYPD Blue? Jesus.' It was worse than he thought. 'No, no. The point is you keep going. You want to. So all the things that make you want to are the point. I don't know if you even realize it, but on the quiet you don't think life's too bad. You love things. Telly. Music. Food.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|be a good listener, don't judge and don't put boundaries on someone else's grief.
Nick Cave|I don't particularly believe all love is doomed. But I guess, one is usually kinda suffering from some aborted love affair or association, rather than being at the peak of one. I think it's fairly obvious that a lot more suffering goes on in the name of love than the little happiness you can squeeze out of it.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|And even when they refuse to listen, I'll keep talking anyway, hoping on a slim chance that the things inside my head are worth something to someone.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|I would rather have 1 amazing best friend than 100 decent regular friends. It's not about quantity, it's about quality.
Iimani David|To protect themselves, the weak focus on the "bad" in people. Conversely, the strong, who fear little, focus on the "good".
Bob Dylan|Ah, but I was so much older thenI’m younger than that now
Chetan Bhagat, 2 States: The Story of My Marriage|Forgiving doesn't make the person who hurt you feel better, it makes you feel better.
Gautama Buddha|Look not to the faults of others, nor to their omissions and commissions. But rather look to your own acts, to what you have done and left undone.
Ellen Hopkins, Tilt|The problem with falling in love is falling back out of it again, usually because you've fallen in love with a lie. That happens as often as not.
Dorothy Koomson, The Rose Petal Beach|I'd spent so long trying to fit in,trying to be someone i wasn't,that i had no idea who i was any more.
Rachel Cohn, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|There's no such thing as ready, there's only willing.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|That was when I first observed a phenomenon I now call the "New York Slide": you offer your words to try to communicate and connect with someone, but your words just hit a brick wall the person has erected to ward off human contact- the words slide down it and roll away.
Darynda Jones, Fourth Grave Beneath My Feet|When life hands you lemons say,"Lemons? What else have you got?"- bumper sticker
Michael J. Sullivan, Percepliquis|We may indeed die here, that's true. But we will all die anyway-is there any denying that? When you think of all the possible ways you might go, this is as fine a place as any, isn't it? I mean, to end one's life surrounded by friends, in a comfortable, dry room with plenty to read... that doesn't sound too awful, does it?""What is the advantage of fear, or the benefit of regret, or the bonus of granting misery a foothold even if death is embracing you? My old abbot used to say, 'Life is only precious if you wish it to be.' I look at it like the last bite of a wonderful meal-do you enjoy it, or does the knowledge that there is no more to follow make it so bitter that you would ruin the experience?" The monk looked around, but no one answered him. "If Maribor wishes for me to die, who am I to argue? After all, it is he who gave me life to begin with. Until he decides I am done, each day is a gift granted to me, and it would be wasted if spent poorly. Besides, for me, I've learned that the last bite is often the sweetest.
Stuart Neville, The Twelve|Hate is a terrible thing. It's a wasteful, stupid emotion. You can hate someone with all your heart, but it'll never do them a bit of harm. The only person it hurts is you. You can spend your days hating, letting it eat away at you, and the person you hate will go on living just the same. So, what's the point?
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|And the memories of all we have loved stay and come back to us in the evening of our life. They are not dead but sleep, and it is well to gather a treasure of them.
Bridie Clark|One of the liabilities of being a deep thinker, Wyatt mused, was that it left him vulnerable to existential crises.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Be comforted, dear soul! There is always light behind the clouds.
Kelley Armstrong, Frostbitten|I don't forgive him," I said."Hell, no, you don't. And why should you? So he can feel better? Get on with his life? And what's he done to help you get on with yours?
Zig Ziglar|Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Only if you are possible, everything will be possible.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If you find yourself easily provoked, then just change the channel.
Ally Condie, Matched|Lightning. Once it has forked, hot-white, from sky to earth, there is no going back
Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success|It's sometimes easier to help others rather than helping yourself. The trick is to listen to your "self" as a friend. This may be the simplest change you ever make in life, with the biggest impact.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|Sometimes it made her want to put her fist through glass; other times, it made her cry a river.
Nikki Rowe|I didn't give up, I walked awayI had enough of accepting actions that were less than I deserved.So...I made a concious choiceTo honour myself,Before complementing another & If that's what; has made you undeniably mad, Than I know, the history of our connection is hidden in the truth of your heart and regardless of your outcome, I have made the right choice for me.
D.H. Lawrence|Sometimes life takes hold of one, carries the body along, accomplishes one's history, and yet is not real, but leaves oneself as it were slurred over.
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|The children were overwhelmingly morbid. Not a single adult asked me where butterflies go when they die, but this question was more popular than pixie sticks with the under-four-foot set. I cursed parents for not preparing their children. When I was five, my mother and sister sat me up on the kitchen counter and explained the facts of life: the Easter Bunny didn't exist, Elijah was God's invisible friend, with any luck Nana would die soon, and if I ever saw a unicorn, I should kill it or catch it for cash. I turned out okay.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|At the same time I know that it’s not really their fault, at least not completely. I did my part too. I did it on a hundred different days and in a thousand different ways, and I know it. But this makes the anger worse, not better.
Maureen Johnson, 13 Little Blue Envelopes|She had always thought applying to college would be exciting. Living away from home, meeting so many new people, Learning new things, making a few poor life desicisons....
Christina Aguilera|If life is a journey, It can take you anywhere you wanna go.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Fall|That is life, isn’t it? Fate. Luck. Chance. A long series of what-if’s that lead from one moment to the next, time never pausing for you to catch your breath, to make sense of the cards that have been handed to you. And all you can do is play your cards and hope for the best, because in the end, it all comes back to those three basics.Fate. Luck. Chance.
Muhammad Ali|This is the legend of Cassius Clay, The most beautiful fighter in the world today.He talks a great deal, and brags indeed-y, of a muscular punch that's incredibly speed-y.The fistic world was dull and weary,But with a champ like Liston, things had to be dreary.Then someone with color and someone with dash, Brought fight fans are runnin' with Cash.This brash young boxer is something to see And the heavyweight championship is his des-tin-y.This kid fights great; he’s got speed and endurance,But if you sign to fight him, increase your insurance.This kid's got a left; this kid's got a right,If he hit you once, you're asleep for the night.And as you lie on the floor while the ref counts ten,You’ll pray that you won’t have to fight me again.For I am the man this poem’s about,The next champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt.This I predict and I know the score,I’ll be champ of the world in ’64.When I say three, they’ll go in the third,10 months agoSo don’t bet against me, I’m a man of my word.He is the greatest! Yes!I am the man this poem’s about,I’ll be champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt.Here I predict Mr. Liston’s dismemberment,I’ll hit him so hard; he’ll wonder where October and November went.When I say two, there’s never a third,Standin against me is completely absurd.When Cassius says a mouse can outrun a horse,Don’t ask how; put your money where your mouse is!I AM THE GREATEST!
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|If you cannot see yourself fairly or accurately represented in the community where you live... and nothing there makes you feel awake or alive, I suggest you start doing some research on some other communities
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|But while my inner voice was clearly telling me I was at my core an entrepreneur, it's inconvenient to decide at twenty-three that you can't really work for other people.
Michael A. Singer, The Untethered Soul: The Journey Beyond Yourself|If experience is the best teacher, there's nothing that comes close to the experience of life.
Santosh Kalwar|What I think is not necessarily, what I feel and what I feel is not necessarily, what I think.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|He thought of her often, and he missed the companionship they'd once shared and the friendship that had been the bedrock of their marriage at its best.
Giacomo Casanova|We ourselve are the authors of almost all our woes and griefs, of which we so unreasonably complain.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|You get towards the end of life - no, not life itself, but of something else: the end of any likelihood of change in that life. You are allowed a long moment of pause, time enough to ask the question: what else have I done wrong?
Alex Garland|Trust me, it's paradise. This is where the hungry come to feed. For mine is a generation that circles the globe and searches for something we haven't tried before. So never refuse an invitation, never resist the unfamiliar, never fail to be polite and never outstay the welcome. Just keep your mind open and suck in the experience. And if it hurts, you know what? It's probably worth it.
Santosh Kalwar|Big house, big car, big breast, big life, big this and big that; what is so big about living big? Live on KISS principle not BIG principle.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|(...)best of luck, avoid roasted cabbage, don't eat earwax, and look on the bright side of life!
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world.
Nenia Campbell, Fearscape|Humanity is a cage, and our puritanical sensibilities comprise the bars. We are confined by our own reason and intellect, and yet most of us don't even know it.
James Weldon Johnson, The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man|In the life of everyone there is a limited number of experiences which are not written upon the memory, but stamped there with a die; and in the long years after, they can be called up in detail, and every emotion that was stirred by them can be lived through anew; these are the tragedies of life.
Abraham Lincoln|In this sad world of ours, sorrow comes to all; and, to the young, it comes with bitterest agony, because it takes them unawares. The older have learned to ever expect it. I am anxious to afford some alleviation of your present distress. Perfect relief is not possible, except with time. You can not now realize that you will ever feel better. Is not this so? And yet it is a mistake. You are sure to be happy again. To know this, which is certainly true, will make you some less miserable now. I have had experience enough to know what I say; and you need only to believe it, to feel better at once.
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|Master, go on, and I will follow theeTo the last gasp with truth and loyalty.
Jillian Michaels, Unlimited: How to Build an Exceptional Life|Having the right to happiness means having the right to earn it, not having it given to you without effort and action on your part.
Chase Weir|Not knowing is not a problem, not wondering is.
Greg Hamerton, Second Sight|If you see the dragon fly,best you drink the flagon dry.”—Zarost
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|The planet is here for our delight, but it is also here for us to change, to make it the best it can be. It's not just about sleeping and fucking and getting the right dress. Let's HOPE not.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|t may not be the life you imagined, but it’s your life. You came here for a reason. Is it time for you to go and begin again?
Anita Baker|I say if it's going to be done, let's do it. Let's not put it in the hands of fate. Let's not put it in the hands of someone who doesn't know me. I know me best. Then take a breath and go ahead.
Thomas Angelo|You know, I think it's important to keep a balance in things. Yeah, balance, that's the right word. Cause the guy who wants too much risks losing absolutely everything. Of course, the one who wants too little from life, might not get anything at all.
Sarah Dessen|Nah," I said. "But if it does, just tell him I said to get back on the bike.""What?""He'll understand.
Siddhartha Choudhary|being born a princess is all right, but behaving like one can be dangerous.
Rachel Van Dyken, The Bet|The past is called the past for a reason. If you are constantly looking behind you, your eyes aren't on the road ahead. You don't drive the car that way, so why should you live your life that way?
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Well, I agree that 'trial and error' is a pretty pessimistic name for it. And maybe that's what it is most of the time. But I think the point is that it's not just try-error. Most of the time, it's try-error-try.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|Journey becomes difficult when we know the destination but not aware of the right path, may be the supreme power testing your moral and physical stamina.
Jim Henson, It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider|Life is meant to be fun, and joyous, and fulfilling.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|What it taught me was forgiveness. It taught me that when people present themselves in a certain way, there's probably some back story or issue or reason for the way that they are. It's not you. It's them. And a lot of times, its about something that's completely out of their control
Shannon L. Alder|The secret to your purpose is to find what you feel is important, and not pursue what others would think is important. When you think highly of yourself, me thinking highly of you will never be enough!
Solange nicole|Bringing to light what had been hidden in darkness should not overwhelm you, but EDUCATE you.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|It's a thrill to fulfill your own childhood dreams, but as you get older, you may find that enabling the dreams of others is even more fun.
Michelle Moran|I'd always thought I would feel like an animal released from its cage when my student days were finished, I felt more like a bird that had been pushed from its nest and told it must fly.
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|Why did this keep happening? Why her? Perhaps there was some pheromone certain people omitted, perceivable only on a wavelength unique to those individuals who preyed on them.
Shannon L. Alder|Introspective souls are often tormented by their passionate visions. This is because visionaries see what shall be and wake up to what is. However, if you couldn't see a glimpse of the city lights while stranded in the forest, how would you ever know to walk in that direction? Sometimes, your vision can't be put into action, until you gather the learning experiences, along your journey first.
Brian MacLearn|Love isn't something to be given on whim, or shelved when it isn't convenient. Love is gift, a promise, and a belief in another person. If you treat it as such, it will fulfill you always
Farahad Zama, The Many Conditions of Love|Some people are like that - always searching fro something better, never satisfied.,Makes you wonder if they ever get a good night's sleep. They must toss and turn, dreaming about a softer mattress or a plumper pillow.
Jane Austen, Emma|She looked back as well as she could; but it was all confusion. She had taken up the idea, she supposed and made everything bend to it.
Nobuhiro Watsuki, Rurouni Kenshin, Volume 28|They all walk their own paths, live their own lives. A journey without farewells, a beginning without end. It is a little lonely, but that's how it is
Peter Høeg|Under certain circumstances the fateful decisions in life, sometimes even in matters of life and death, are made with an almost indifferent ease. While the little things-for instance, the way people hang on to what is over-seem so important.
Katina Ferguson|People who say, “it is not my fault,” continuously fail. People who say, “I’ve done no wrong,” have not done enough right. People who say, “I am done!” are never done repeating the cycle. Even in the privacy of our own thoughts, we can’t sow lies and reap truth.
Karla M. Nashar, Bellamore: A Beautiful Love To Remember|Our eyes tell us what we want to believe, but our heart tells us only the simple truth
Ann Marie Aguilar|Depression exist without you knowing it, even denying it. It is not an illusion. You don't even know you're in it. It takes awhile before you realize it. If you deny it, it means your still in there or else you won't talk about your misery and the dramas in your life.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things. When someone makes a decision, he is really diving into a strong current that wil carry him into places he had never dreamed of when he first made the decision." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -
Karla M. Nashar, Bellamore: A Beautiful Love To Remember|I won't cry because it came to an end, but I will smile because it happened
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|You ever have the feeling you were in the wrong place? That if you could just get over the next hill, cross the next river, look down into the next valley, it'd all...fit. Be right.""All my life, more of less"“All your life spent getting ready for the next thing. I climbed a lot of hills now. I crossed a lot of rivers. Crossed the sea even, left everything I knew and came to Styria. But there I was, waiting for me at the docks when I got off the boat, same man, same life. Next valley ain’t no different from this one. No better anyway. Reckon I’ve learned … just to stick in the place I’m at. Just to be the man I am.
Santosh Kalwar|If I were to live for tomorrow, I would have lived fullest for today.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|The strongest, toughest men all have compassion. They're not heartless and cold. You have to be man enough to have compassion - to care about people and about your children" (217) - John Singleton "Oh Man, I've Become My Father
Mohammed Ali Bapir|Have the courage to let some go, and sacrifice for some to stay; thus, live and make life your own way.
Paulo Coelho|Try to be "good", you'll be judged. Try to be yourself, you'll be criticized. Therefore, choose the second option. Evil uses the "nice good people" as puppets. It appears dressed as a poor guy, telling them that he needs help...When these people realize they have been used, it is already too late.
Michele Bardsley, I'm the Vampire, That's Why|Patrick: Is fear rith maith nά drochseasamh.Jessica:And that means what?Patrick: A good run is better than a bad stand.Jessica: Oh. And that means what?Patrick: It means, Jessica, that life is about choices. Sometimes you fight, sometimes you flee, but you never surrender.
Liza M. Wiemer|The ultimate measure of a person is not her mistakes or accomplishments, but what she does with them.
Susan Beth Pfeffer, Life As We Knew It|The Christmas after Mom & Dad split up, they both went crazy buying us presents. Matt, Jonny, and I were showered with gifts at home and at Dads apartment. I thought that was great. I was all in favor of my love being paid for with presents. This year all I got was a diary and a secondhand watch. Okay, I know this is corny, but this really is what Christmas is all about.
Marcia Gruver, Raider's Heart|Sweet talk's like salt. You can add some later, if need be, but if you pour out too much, you can't sift it out again.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|We know how it ends practically before it starts. That´s why stories appeal to us. They give us the clarity and simplicity our real lives lack".
Gary Shteyngart, Super Sad True Love Story|In contravention of my belief that any life ending in death is essentially pointless, I needed my friends to open up that plastic bag and take one last look at me. Someone had to remember me, if only for a few more minutes in the vast silent waiting room of time.
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|My great longing is to learn to make those very incorrectnesses, those deviations, remodellings, changes of reality, so that they may become, yes, untruth if you like - but more true than the literal truth.
Chico Xavier|The soul that acquires the virtue of forgiveness won't find any more trouble. No matter what happens, he will know how to run his life ...
Shannon L. Alder|They say faith is taking the first step when you can’t see the whole staircase. Actually, wisdom is seeing the elevator behind it that would have taken you to the top floor.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Night Embrace|Things are always given to us when we need them... You just have to decide if you're strong enough, brave enough, to seize it and make ityours. (Acheron)
Susie Smith|When life gives you lemons, forget the lemonade. Make a lemon chicken and a rich lemon cheesecake. Blame life for the extra pounds.
Ellyn Bache, The Art of Saying Goodbye|You move forward. You face up to your challenges. You don't retreat. You're young, and sometimes you'll wish you could. But don't.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|In other words, it was a struggle with himself. And the product of that struggle: anger, bitterness, resentment, envy or transformation, aspiration, hope, decency..the product of that struggle is the quality of your life and the nature of your soul.
Iimani David|Think about it. Every time you fail at a task you've actually learned something new. The question is "what?
Jay Kristoff, Stormdancer|LOOK AROUND. GAME DEAD, RIVERS BLACK, LAND CHOKED WITH WEED. SKIES BLEEDING, RED AS BLOOD. FOR WHAT?YOUR KIND ARE BLIND. YOU SEE ONLY THE NOW. NEVER THE WILL BE.BUT SOON YOU WILL. WHEN ALL IS GONE, WHEN THERE ARE SO MANY MONKEY-CHILDREN THAT YOU MURDER FOR A SCRAP OF LAND, A DROP OF CLEAN WATER, THEN YOU WILL SEE.
Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit and Three Other Plays|At an age when most children are playing hopscotch or with their dolls,you, poor child, who had no friends or toys, you toyed with dreams of murder, because that is a game to play alone.
Karla M. Nashar, Bellamore: A Beautiful Love To Remember|Another summer day has come and gone away in Paris and Rome, but I wanna go home..." Home-Alan Chang; Amy Foster-Gillies; Michael Buble
Jessica Lave|When the chips are down, you are giventhe chance to find the strength you never knew you had and put it toward the greater good. Or go over to the dark side. You know, if that’s how you roll.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Here's one of the things I learned that morning: if you cross a line and nothing happens, the line loses meaning. It's like that old riddle about a tree falling in a forest, and whether it makes a sound if there's no one around to hear it. You keep drawing a line farther and farther away, crossing it every time. That's how people end up stepping off the edge of the earth.
Anamika Mishra, Too Hard To Handle|Be strong enough to say this to yourself -Sins were mine, and so shall I have to pay for it
Howard Thurman|The years, the months, the days, and the hours have flown by my open window. Here and there an incident, a towering moment, a naked memory, an etched countenance, a whisper in the dark, a golden glow these and much more are the woven fabric of the time I have lived.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|This was my first lesson about gambling: if you see somebody winning all the time, he isn't gambling, he's cheating. Later on in life, if I were continuously losing in any gambling situation, I would watch very closely.
Craig Ferguson, Between the Bridge and the River|Allowances can always be made for your friends to disagree with you. Disagreement, vehement disagreement, is healthy. Debate is impossible without it. Evil does not question itself, only hope questions itself. Even the incorruptible are corruptible if they cannot accept the possibility of being mistaken. Infallibility is a sin in any man. All laws can be broken and are. Often. Like when a bumblebee flies or an ancient regime is toppled.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|When you win, you often lose, that's just a fact. There's no currency to straighten a warped spirit, or open a closed heart, a selfish heart...
Layne Beachley|There are so many people put there who will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say "Watch me.
Chico Xavier|We need to get rid of hate, envy, jealousy, discord in ourselves, so we can reach a solution in terms of peace in order to feel that time has come for human happiness.
Chico Xavier|Tears do not replace sweat, at least it never did in me... When I just cry, I'm in the same situation.
Laura Kaye, Hearts in Darkness|Sometimes distance was easier than acting, or explaining.
Sheldon B. Kopp, If You Meet the Buddha on the Road, Kill Him: The Pilgrimage Of Psychotherapy Patients|So it is that there is nothing to be taught, but yet there is something to be learned.
Kristine Gasbarre|I teach the world how to treat me by the way I treat myself, and the way I present myself.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|… "That at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what´s happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That´s the world´s greatest lie." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|When you don't understand something, you label it and condemn it" (94) - Danny Glover, "The Fundamental Things
Amy Carmichael|All life's training is just exactly what is needed for the true Life-work, still out of view but far away from none of us. Don't grudge me the learning of a new lesson.
Santosh Kalwar|In your life, always be like a driver who runs the car not just a car.
Anirban Bose, Bombay Rains, Bombay Girls|There is such dissociation between what the eyes see and what the mind envisions. The final thought is just a matter of interpretation, coloured by our experiences.
Anamika Mishra, Too Hard To Handle|Sometimes it’s the complication, which just lies in our minds
Isabella Kruger, Afterlife|As the manager sits before a performance, as the critics wait like hungry dogs to rip apart the performance, they all become entwined in the theatrics of it all.
Benjamin Zander, The Art of Possibility: Transforming Professional and Personal Life|In the measurement world, you set a goal and strive for it. In the universe of possibility, you set the context and let life unfold.
Jamaica Kincaid, The Autobiography of My Mother|I was a new person then, I knew things I had not known before, I knew things that you can know only if you have been through what I had just been through.
Jacques Lusseyran, And There Was Light: Autobiography of Jacques Lusseyran, Blind Hero of the French Revolution|Inside me there was everything I had believed was outside. There was, in particular, the sun, light, and all colors. There were even the shapes of objects and the distance between objects. Everything was there and movement as well… Light is an element that we carry inside us and which can grow there with as much abundance, variety, and intensity as it can outside of us…I could light myself…that is, I could create a light inside of me so alive, so large, and so near that my eyes, my physical eyes, or what remained of them, vibrated, almost to the point of hurting… God is there under a form that has the good luck to be neither religious, not intellectual, nor sentimental, but quite simply alive.
Alan Sillitoe, Saturday Night and Sunday Morning|Well, it's a good life and a good world, all said and done, if you don't weaken.
Hervé Le Tellier, Enough About Love|An attentive reader will always learn more, and more quickly, from good authors than from life.
Jean Kwok, Girl in Translation|We would be allowed to work and not cause any trouble for her, but she didn't want us to be any more successful than she was
Og Mandino|Extend to each person, no matter how trivial the contact, all the care and kindness and understanding and love that you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again
Danielle Trussoni, Angelology|Finally (Evangeline) whispered, "I wish that I had been more prepared.""We prepare all of our lives for such moments," Dr. Raphael said, crossing his arms and looking at me with a critical gaze. "When the time comes, we can only expect that we have learned enough to succeed.
Orosa Nakpil Malate|somehow people forget that there is God....what more to us we're just individuals,,to forget is part of imperfections..
Scott Lynch, Tales of the Far West|I’m speaking of the pursuit of excellence in all things. All things! Presence of mind and devotion to craft. A great artist has these. A great chef. A great master of tea. There’s powerful kung fu in a well-built house or an eloquent letter, but the limit of your imagination is bones breaking and bullets flying.
Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry|If this were a novel, I'd stop reading right now. I'd throw it across the room.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|To all those who care, You can't forever. Time steals the years,And your reflection in the mirror.But I can still see the story in your eyes, And your timeless passion that’s never died.While your skin became tired,Your heart became strong,The present became the past,And your memories like a song.And though the moment at hand is all that we have, You’ve taught me to live it like it is our last.Since two words don't say ‘thank you’ the way they are meant to,I'll try all my life to be something like you.
Chico Xavier|When each one of us become an active and living book of lessons for those who see our examples, the boundaries of religious interpretation will give way to the new era of brotherhood and peace we're waiting for.
Joanna Field|I now see my life, not as a slow shaping of achievment to fit my preconceived purposes, but as the gradual discovery of a purpose which I did not know.
Rodman Philbrick, The Last Book in the Universe|I used to belong to a family unit, with a foster mom and dad and my little sister, Bean, but that's over and I don't want to talk about what happened , or how unfair it was. Not yet. The less said about that the better, because if there's one thing I learned from Ryter it's that you can't always be looking backward or something will hit you from the front.
Mason Cooley|Children pay little attention to their parents' teachings, but reproduce their characters faithfully
Chico Xavier|I'm not irreplaceable ... I'm nothing but grass growing on the ground; when the grass dies, another one replaces it ...
Stephan A. Hoeller|A pearl is a beautiful thing that is produced by an injured life. It is the tear [that results] from the injury of the oyster. The treasure of our being in this world is also produced by an injured life. If we had not been wounded, if we had not been injured, then we will not produce the pearl.
Lisa   Marie|In life, we go through unexpected challenges that arises in our journey in succeeding, do not let any negativity taint your life with any misleading directions. Let the rejoice of your journey be with you all times, with the power of your soul and heart can combat any obstacle with time and gradual patience
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|When a stone is dropped into a pond, the water continues quivering even after the stone has sunk to the bottom.
Julie Klassen, The Silent Governess|How long had it had been since she'd thought back on the evenings around the fire, number games at the kitchen table, or listening to her father sing? Too long. Yes, there had been bad times. And she had tallied them like figures in a column, not remembering to factor in the good. She had doctored the books.
Tonny K. Brown|A heart assured of its purpose will have the honor to admit when it is wrong, the courage to examine the reason for its faith and the strength to recover from the pain of any wrong it has done. And it will possess the greatest power known to both God and man; the power to forgive “AND” most certainly forget. A heart such as this shall always have the voice to answer life.
Santosh Kalwar|Given a choice between goose egg and heartache, I would choose heartache.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We create a meaningful life by what we accept as true and by what we create in the pursuit of truth, love, beauty, and adoration of nature.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|They hate you because you act like you're better than they are...." "[they are] Four that you humiliated in the yard. Four who are probably afraid of you. I’ve watched you fight. It’s not training with you. Put a good edge on your sword, and they’d be dead meat; you know it, I know it, they know it. You leave them nothing. You shame them. Does that make you proud?
Karen Salmansohn|Don't just write a "To Do" list. Write a "To Be" list.
Hlovate, Contengan Jalanan|Respecting requests, rules and privacy is a universal law. You break that basic etiquette 101, you're seriously flawed.
Kenneth G. Ross|Live each day as if it were your last, for one day, you're sure to be right.
Kellie Elmore|Life is like a steering wheel, it only takes one small move to change your entire direction.
Brenda Jackson, Taking Care of Business|Nothing - not prestige, power or pride - is worth sacrificing the things that you truly want, the things that you truly love. "Don't be afraid to take time and smell the roses. Don't hesitate in seeking out those things you hold dear. Seeking them out and holding on to them. And don't ever cease standing up for what you believe in, and fighting for those things that you want. Life is too short. Do what makes you happy, regardless of how others might feel.
Michael Poeltl|Memories are of the ethereal, and not the material world, that is how I know I am forever.
Santosh Kalwar|O holy Sunday, let your darkness not come along my way. Let her nurture internal and external world, as I start my personal day.
Ali ibn Abi Talib|If all the women over the world have been permitted to be married to only one man, except one woman. He'd love to marry that woman. That is the imprint of man
Sally Koslow|Learn to recognize good luck when it's waving at you, hoping to get your attention.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|There is nothing good or bad, except by comparison" (209) - "Effort is Everything" by Bud Selig
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|Every day, sincerely and without phoniness, Lou demonstrated by his actions how very vital it is - more than anything else - to understand and appreciate the people who work with you...Do your job well, but always remember that the people you work with are your most valuable asset. Embrace them. Honor them. Respect them" (206) - "Prescriptions for Success" by John Schuerholz
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Tendencies. Yougottendencies. Soevenifyoudideverythingoveragain, yourwholelife, yougottendenciestodojustwhatyoudid, alloveragain. -The Sheep Man.
Chico Xavier|If I would expect better spiritual conditions to serve, I would not have started until the present moment.
John Grisham, The Partner|Life on the run was filled with dreams, some at night during sleep, real dreams, and some when the mind was awake but drifting. Most were terrifying, the nightmares of the shadows growing bolder and larger. Others were pleasant wishes of a rosy future, free of the past. These were rare, Patrick had learned. Life on the run was life in the past. There was no closure
Neil Leckman|Remember never to text and drive, it's bad grammar, even if you have a deadline. You might cross the line and dead may be your destination. Think about it!!
Chico Xavier|The worker faithful to the well has neither the intention, or time, to violate the name and the service of others.
Anne Lamott|Writing like this is a little like milking a cow: the milk is so rich and delicious, and the cow is so glad you did it.
Tonny K. Brown|If a man fights with truth, in time, he will be victorious. If he fights with lies, after he is exposed; in time, he will be left alone.
Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success|Upon achieving a lifelong dream, I thought, this is the way to live your life -- in the moment, and to the fullest.
Susan Vreeland|Bicyclist's Philosophy of Life..."It's a matter of faith. You can keep upright only by moving forward. You have to have your eyes on the goal, not the ground.
Marilyn Fullen-Collins|It just be life, that's all. Ain't nothin' happened to you, ain't happened to most women whether they care to admit it or not. You strong, Babygirl. You a woman. You gotta be.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The uncertainties in life are so uncertain for us to determine the kind woe we shall be entangled in in the next future. When you stay dormant, your life is at risk; when you dare to take a step, you take a step to take a risk. We have a choice. Yes! a choice to choose to dare to get to our real reasons on earth or to choose to live in mediocrity and conformity, but, we ought to note that, it is riskier to risk nothing when the life we live is always at risk.
Tayari Jones, Silver Sparrow|People say, that which doesn't kill you makes you stronger. But they are wrong. What doesn't kill you, doesn't kill you.
Larry Winget|Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, fat, lazy, or stupid. Those things are what happen when you don’t have a plan.
joseph ejiro|WHAT 28 FEELS LIKEEvery year of your 20s is subject to a very specific set of emotions, at least that’s what I think. 21 is great for obvious, surface-level reasons. 22 is a train wreck if you graduated in four years, and are then thrust into real life. 25 is when pretty much everything changes – from your priorities to your body. And, then, there’s 28. I don’t know what it is about this age in particular, but I’ve deemed it “The Crisis Year” and here’s why.1. The realization that you’re now officially in your “late 20s” is enough to send you straight into the climax of a full-blown panic attack. You don’t even get to start at the beginning of the said attack, no. You wake up on your 28th birthday, screaming and dry heaving. It’s an instinctual reaction to knowing that, for the next 365 days of your life, you will be teetering on the fine line between actual adulthood and clutching on desperately to your youth.2. Because you’re now in your late 20s, your parents start to treat you more like an GULP adult. Even if you’ve been paying your own way since forever, maybe you both secretly knew deep down that, in case of a huge emergency, asking them for help wasn’t off-limits. But, when 28 hits, it’s no longer an option.3. You just feel old(er). There’s something about the curvy lines of the number “8” that cast a darker and much more serious shadow over things. You’ll still go out to popular nightlife establishments, but you will be internally ashamed about your age the entire time you’re there. And the horror if someone is to ask you how old you are! Being 26 in a nightclub is vastly different. Probably because you’re still in your mid-20s and because the shape of the number “6” is naturally fun and loopy, so it makes you feel safe.4. Everyone you know is getting engaged.5. Everyone you know is getting married.6. Almost everyone you know who is married, is pregnant.7. Let’s face it – after graduation, no one’s never not getting married. Before your eyes, your Facebook feed turns into an endless stream of engagement announcements. And, unless you decide to cast yourself out of society, this parade of seemingly happy couples moving forward together won’t slow down until probably age 30. But there’s something about the specific age of 28 that lends itself to just being drowned in marriage announcements no matter where you turn. It’s either couples who have been together for 6+ years finally taking the plunge, or “real world” couples who met a few years ago and got super serious, super fast. Either way, it’s a single 28-year-old’s worst nightmare.8. Being tw0 years away from 30 is a bleak reality to face. Four years is like no big deal, because that’s an entire university experience. But two? Two will soon be one, and then you’re 30. 20somethings are delusional in many ways, but one of the biggest is how we think, by 30, our entire lives should be figured out. Married, babies, dream job, bla bla bla – all by 30. It’s a subtle attitude we all have that wants to scream, “30 OR BUST!” But, the closer you inch toward that milestone birthday, the more you realize what a total crock of shit all that is. And how you couldn’t be further away from having it all figured out if you tried.9. Going back to one of the first points I made, being 28 is like being a brand new, beginner’s level gymnast, perilously seesawing between “real” adulthood and (what feel like) the last crumbs of your true youth. Half of you feels an enormous pressure to fully grow-up, while the other half of you is crippled by the notion of doing so. On one hand, you are sort of ready to get serious about love, career, and overall responsibility. On the other hand, you just want to continue making out at random, dating idiots, and generally freaking the fuck out over the future. Every day you wake up, there’s no telling which of these two ideals your mood is going t
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|One swing set, well worn but structurally sound, seeks new home ... With this swing set, your child(ren) will be introduced to the ups and downs of human life gently and safely, and may also learn the most important lesson of all: No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.
Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto|I wake up, I feel the inescapable oppression of the sunlight pouring through my bedroom window, and I am struck by the fact that I am alone. And that everyone is alone. And that everything I understood seven hours ago has already changed, and that I have to learn everything again.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|I knew long ago and rediscovered that the best way to attract attention,help,and conversation is to be lost.A man who seeing his mother starving to death on a path kicks her in the stomach to clear the way, will cheerfully devote several hours of his time giving wrong directions to a total stranger who claims to be lost
Lovely Goyal, I Love the Way You Love Me|Keep Patience, it is happening for you, somewhere.
Miranda Kenneally, Coming Up for Air|If you spend all your time thinking about how someone is going to one-up you, you can't put your best foot forward.
Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time|Waiting. Like it or not, it's a skill all spies have to master eventually.
Faraaz Kazi|If I had a choice, I wouldn’t be here… I wouldn’t be anywhere.
Sarah Dessen|Maybe if I'd agreed to do the debutante thing like she wanted. Or taken up pageants instead of riding jump bikes with a bunch of grungy boys. I'd always tell her, why can't I do both? Who says you have to be either smart or pretty, or into girly stuff or sports? Life shouldn't be about the either/or. We're capable of more than that, you know?
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|I am going to sit here in the river. If you go home to sleep, I will sleep in front of your house. And if you go away, I will follow you--until you tell me to go away. Then I'll leave. But I have to love you for the rest of my life..
Nina Guilbeau|Even when we do not actively participate in our destiny, we are still on a chosen path. Life has a way of making decisions for us.
Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard's Almanack|Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other, and scarce in that.
Lisa Kogan|A rose is not its thorns, a peach is not its fuzz and a human being is not his or her crankiness.
José N. Harris|Each of our lives’ is a separate and precious journey. No matter how happy, sad, painful, tragic or confusing it may by, it is unique and beautiful. No matter if we hurt others or if we ourselves were hurt, it happened and it is part of our story. If we think we can have complete control over this journey, our journey will wake us up… usually with a very unpleasant surprise.More than genetics, money or education, it is our journey who defines who we are. It defines what kind of person you are. Not the experiences you encountered nor the happy or traumatic events you may have endured. But rather how we dealt with those events and how we continue to deal with those events; when we evaluate ourselves and how we treat others. Your journey is part of your story. But it is not the complete story of who and how you are. You are a soul, a spirit, who has traveled through this life and along the way; you learned and gathered bits and pieces from here and there. And you, yourself, have woven together a soul, a spirit. And that is who you are today. You define… you.Oh, and just in case you thought your journey, your story was over… surprise, its not. So keep weaving. You are not finished yet. It is never to late to define who you are.
Sawada Tsunayoshi|Just the sight of one another, just the sight of our smiles was enough to fill our hearts with the joy of seeing each other again.
C.A. Woolf|What has been seen cannot be unseen, what has been learned cannot be unknown. You cannot change the past, but you can learn from it. You can grow from it. You can be made stronger. You can use that strength to change your life, to change your future.
Wennie Lin|Your life is your choice, so make it worthwhile
Dick Van Dyke, My Lucky Life in and Out of Show Business|I didn't know the answers, but I could feel that the things that gave life meaning came from a place within and from the nurturing of values like tolerance, charity, and community.
Chris Pine|I have learned that when you make big decisions, life says, 'Fuck you. This is what you actually have in store.
J.Ghorbani|You Don't need anyone to live a full life, You just need to find yourself!
J'aiti|No longer do I sing, dance or draw pictures; but God has granted me the gift to do them all in my stories.
Dan Bergstein|It's curling ribbon, but you don't have to curl it. You don't have to do everything the ribbon tells you to do. Don't live your life like that.
Charles Hanson Towne|‎"Life's book is hard to understand: Why couldst thou not remain atschool?
Carl Safina, Voyage of the Turtle: In Pursuit of the Earth's Last Dinosaur|People have been on earth in our present form for only about 100,000 years, and in so many ways we’re still ironing out our kinks. These turtles we’ve been traveling with, they outrank us in longevity, having earned three more zeros than we. They’ve got one hundred million years of success on their resume, and they’ve learned something about how to survive in the world. And this, I think, is part of it: they have settled upon peaceful career paths, with a stable rhythm. If humans could survive another one hundred million years, I expect we would no longer find ourselves riding bulls. It’s not so much that I think animals have rights; it’s more that I believe humans have hearts and minds- though I’ve yet to see consistent, convincing proof of either. Turtles may seem to lack sense, but they don’t do senseless things. They’re not terribly energetic, yet they do not waste energy… turtles cannot consider what might happen yet nothing turtles do threatens anyone’s future. Turtles don’t think about the next generation, but they risk and provide all they can to ensure that there will be one. Meanwhile, we profess to love our own offspring above all else, yet above all else it is they from whom we daily steal. We cannot learn to be more like turtles, but from turtles we could learn to be more human. That is the wisdom carried within one hundred million years of survival. What turtles could learn from us, I can’t quite imagine.
Claude lavallee|love everyone,trust a few and rely on nobody
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|You shouldn't do that," said Laura. "You could set yourself on fire.
Jeff Dixon-The Key To The Kingdom|I don't spend a lot of time asking "WHY?" Instead I focus on what I should do now or how I should react." (p.180)
Suzanne Woods Fisher, The Keeper: A Novel|He wanted to leave the past a few hundred miles down the road, shake it off like dust. But that ws the problem with the past. It kept finding him.
Jane Austen|It is singularity which often makes the worst part of our suffering, as it always does of our conduct.
Kentetsu Takamori, You Were Born for a Reason: The Real Purpose of Life|Absent a sense of the preciousness of one's own life, why respect the life of anyone else?
Stanley Victor Paskavich|The best self help book I've ever read was, The little Engine that Could.
Jennifer Haigh, Mrs. Kimble|Destiny, she’d learned, was written in the heavens; a person couldn’t take what the universe didn’t wish to give.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|Tennis taught me to take chances, to take life as it comes. To hit every ball that comes to me no matter how hard it looks, to give it my best shot.
Robert J. Wiersema|A wise man once said that the best definition of insanity was performing the same action over and over again, expecting different results."Father Peter stopped smiling. "The same could be said of you. What makes you so sure you're right? And so sure I'm wrong?""The difference is that I made a mistake once, out of ignorance," Tim said. "Everything I've done since then has been to try to make amends.""To earn forgiveness.""To protect the innocents." Tim smiled, "And yes, to earn forgiveness.
Clara deLemos|When life gives you a lemon, chuck it right back.... and add a few lemons of your own.
majidkhan|in earth their have only one reason of war,i have power and want to show,
Andrew Levkoff, The Other Alexander|Alone with my wine and my misery, I was convinced that life was composed of a string of “if only’s” leading from one self-inflicted bungle to the next until at some point, one’s final iteration of the excuse became one’s final utterance, and one expired.
Harper Lee|Don't you oh well me,sir," Miss Maudie replied, recognizing Jem's fatalistic noises, "you are not old enough to appreciate what I said.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|What are you doing extra? That's what counts. That's when you're working hard - when you're going above and over what's expected of you" (102). - Tony Gonzalez, "The Giant Within
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|There's nothing good or bad, except by comparison" (210) - Bud Selig "Effort is Everything
AainaA-Ridtz, The Sacred Key — Transcending Humanity|Don't talk of Life as if its one big package of miseries - it is the very Essence within that passes through both you, and your enemies and every permissible illusion. Once you're opened to, and are awakened to your TRUE NATURE, fireworks light up your path, irrespective whether it is a "Tariqa", or a pathless one!
Andrew Espley|We're young. We’re supposed to drink too much. We're supposed to have bad attitudes and shag each other's brains out. We were designed to party. We owe it to ourselves to party hard. We owe it to each other. This is it. This is our time. So a few of us will overdose, or go mental. Charles Darwin said you can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs. That's what it's about - breakin' eggs - by eggs, I mean, getting twatted on a cocktail of class. As. If you could see yourselves... We had it all. We have fucked up bigger and better than any generation that came before us. We were so beautiful... We're screw-ups. I plan on staying a screw-up until my late twenties, or maybe even my early thirties. And I will shag my own mum before I let anyone else take that away from me!
Mark Seal, Wildflower: An Extraordinary Life and Untimely Death in Africa|Join the mob or go for what you want. Give yourself plenty of quiet time alone in order to get in touch with who you are...Focus power of thought. Remind yourself that the world is yours for the asking. The non-risker does not grow, you just get older. When you have decided which ideas, beliefs, relationships, and situations no longer work for you, it is time to release them. Let go of negative thoughts - view them as a flight of birds crossing your path. See them fly into view and continue on their way.' - from Joan Root's diary
Saumya Kaushik...|Fictional characters also evolve, the way human being do in real life.
Stebby Julionatan|Love does not only need a taste, but it also needs a present.
Fatema Mernissi, Dreams of Trespass: Tales of a Harem Girlhood|But when your situation is hopeless, all you can do is turn the world upside down, transform it according to your wishes, and create anew.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|This life is not perfect, live it to the full, it's all we have
Jayson Engay|It's not about the external things that surround you, but it's about YOU.How you operates your life, how you take your path and walk with it.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|You can't have everything, I've often noticed it.
David Benedict Zumbo|Life is neither hard nor easy, life is life. Understanding this will help you endure every life situation, for life is neither hard nor easy, life is simply life.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|The entire quest is for acceptance. You run from pillar to post for being accepted as you are. This quest ends only when you realize that the most important in life is to accept yourself totally, wholly and completely. Unfortunately, that is a long drawn process and it takes time to reach that level. However, once you reach that stage, you are at entire peace with yourself.
Amish Tripathi, Scion of Ikshvaku|Some good can emerge from the most horrific of events. There is something positive hidden in every negative, and something negative in every positive. Life is complicated, and a balanced person can see both sides.
Marci Shimoff, Chicken Soup for the Single's Soul (Chicken Soup for the Soul|Sometimes", said Miss Phillips, "the thing you dread doing the very thing you should do, just so you can stop thinking about it.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|The details that are life's special pattern, like how in handwoven rugs what really makes them unique are the tiny flaws in the stitching, little gaps and jumps and stutters that can never be reproduced. so many things become beautiful when you really look.
Peter Adejimi|People don’t seem to realizeit that it is not like we’re onthe Titanic and we have toavoid the iceberg. We’vealready hit the iceberg. Thewater is rushing in down below. But some people justdon’t want to leave the dancefloor; others don’t want togive up on the buffet. But ifwe don’t make the hardchoices, nature will make them for u
Jan Jansen|A Change in life will not always be the Best, but a try to take a Chance for a Better life will be never a Loss in our Life.
Soheir Khashoggi, Nadia's Song|But things change, people change, Gaby. Otherwise what would be the point of living?
Omneya Yasser|You are on your own now , you have always been & you shall forever be .
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|That's the thing I'm learning about being thrown out on yer own. Nobody does nothing for you. If you don't change it, it don't get changed.
Diana Palmer, Donavan|Get used to it. Life doesn't give, it takes. Anything worth having is worth fighting for.
Paulo Coelho|And what went wrong when other alchemists tried to make gold and were unable to do so?""They were looking only for gold his companion answered. They were seeking the treasure of their personal legend, without wanting actually to live out the personal legend.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Once when I was a little child of six or so, I watched a spider spinning its web in a corner of the house. Before the spider had even finished its job, a mosquito flew right into the web and was trapped there. The spider didn't pay it any attention at first, but went on with what it was doing; only when it was finished did it creep over on its pointy toes and sting that poor mosquito to death. As I sat there on that wooden floor and watched Hatsumomo come reaching for me with her delicate fingers, I knew I was trapped in a web she had spun for me.
Florida Scott-Maxwell, The Measure of My Days|Life does not accommodate you; it shatters you. Every seed destroys its container, or else there would be no fruition.
Allison Winn Scotch, The One That I Want|...I realize that lessons are meant to be learned, honored even, or else you can spend your life running so far from them that you erect a false existence around the very thing you should be embracing.
Steve Kendall|Being a reader has brought me much joy, laughter, and rich experience. But reading has also wounded me. The sacrament of reading has plowed me open and sown seeds of empathy that have taken root in deep soil. Over the years, reading has caused me to grow from a shallow, self-absorbed youth to one who seeks out the pain of the world. Reading has burdened me with the welfare of my fellow human, but sometimes the burden proves too heavy for my narrow shoulders.
Foster "Raul" Mkhabele|You always lose a lot of money chasing after women, but you will never lose a lot of women chasing after money
Karen McQuestion, A Scattered Life|In as much time as it takes to smoke a cigarette, a person's life was changed forever.
B. Armynanta|one is good but ten is better. together is a powerful, beautiful, and peaceful.
Solange nicole|Love thy neighbor yes, but love thyself first.
Philip Pullman|Lyra learns to her great cost that fantasy isn’t enough. She has been lying all her life, telling stories to people, making up fantasies, and suddenly she comes to a point where that’s not enough. All she can do is tell the truth. She tells the truth about her childhood, about the experiences she had in Oxford, and that is what saves her. True experience, not fantasy - reality, not lies - is what saves us in the end.
Henny Youngman|When you battle with your conscience and lose, you win. -Henny Youngman, comedian and violinist (1906-1998)
Wallace Stegner, The Spectator Bird|I can't see that Danish episode as an adventure, or a crisis survived, or a serious quest for anything definable. It was just another happening like today's luncheon, something I got into and got out of. And it reminds me too much of how little life changes: how, without dramatic events or high resolves, without tragedy, without even pathos, a reasonably endowed, reasonably well-intentioned man can walk through the world's great kitchen from end to end and arrive at the back door hungry.
Ty Roth, So Shelly|Your mistake is that you've concluded life is short, so you treat it as if it's precious, like a pretty little princess. Bullshit! Everyone's life is short. Quit feeling sorry for yourself. Fuck it. Treat it like a cheap hooker. Ask crazy shit from it, and you'll get more out of life than you could have ever wanted, imagined, or deserved.
José Saramago, The Cave|... time is a master of ceremonies who always ends up putting us in our rightful place, we advance, stop, and retreat according to his orders, our mistake lies in imagining that we can catch him out.
Sakshi Chetana, Laughing Buddha:The Alchemy of Euphoric Living|Life is a miracle. We, all of us are creator beings. We are the joyful choice makers.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|So many wish for magic so many beg for fame, but if you could manifest anything you want life would be a boring game.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|God forgive me for what I've done. God forgive me for what I will do, and forgive me for what I can't do because my religion won't let me.
Elizabeth Strout, Olive Kitteridge|She understood that Simon was a disappointed man if he needed, at ths age, to tell her he had pitied her for years.
Robert J. Wiersema|And that's what we'll do every day. If you or your friends spray-paint obscenities on our walls, we'll scrub them off, and the people will come. if you break our windows, we'll fix them, and the people will come. If you hurt us, we'll wash off the blood, slap on some bandages and the people will come...any wound you inflict, we'll stitch up. We're not going to stop, no matter what you do. This work is too important. Too many lives are at stake.
Czesław Miłosz, The Noble Traveller: The Life and Writings of O. V. de L. Milosz|Not soon, as late as the approach of my ninetieth year, I felt a door opening in me and I entered the clarity of early morning. One after another my former lives were departing, like ships, together with their sorrow. And the countries, cities, gardens, the bays of seas assigned to my brush came closer, ready now to be described better than they were before.
Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry|I learned that ruling poor men's hands is nothing. Ruling men's money's a wedge in the world. But after I'd split it open a crack I looked in and saw the trick inside it, the filthy nothing, the fooled and rotten faces of rich and successful men.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|Every day, sincerely and without phoniness, Lou demonstrated by his actions how very vital it is - more than anything else - to understand and appreciate the people who work with you....Do your job well, learn your job well, but always remember that the people you work with are your most valuable asset. Embrace them. Honor them. Respect them" (206) "Prescriptions for Success" by John Schuerholz
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|He taught us that everyone has a good story and the more of others you understand, the better your grasp of human nature, a gift given great weight in my family" (73). - Bill Clinton, "Paying Attention
Louise Wener, Goodnight Steve McQueen|Danny: I’m a bit jealous, Sheila.Sheila: Are you, my dear? What on earth for?Danny: Well, because you’ve really lived, Sheila.Sheila: Of course I have, Daniel. What else is life for?
Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul|Flow, I must remind you here is a being-systemic process. Depression is a being-systemic deregulation that affects the neurophysiological.
Susan Wiggs, Hotel Angeline: A Novel in 36 Voices|It isn’t fair, but maybe that’s the whole point. Fairness has no part in real life, and she took that lesson away from the Hotel Angeline with her.
Jennifer Ouellette, The Calculus Diaries: How Math Can Help You Lose Weight, Win in Vegas, and Survive a Zombie Apocalypse|I abandoned the assigned problems in standard calculus textbooks and followed my curiosity. Wherever I happened to be--a Vegas casino, Disneyland, surfing in Hawaii, or sweating on the elliptical in Boesel's Green Microgym--I asked myself, "Where is the calculus in this experience?
Susan Vreeland|re: cutting glass..."You have to be in command of the glass, telling it where to release its hold on itself. Just like life. Otherwise it will splinter.
Wes Moore, The Maker|Adrien Bach, main character from The Maker:You know, when you’re a kid, you think you’re going to grow up to be something special, do something important. You’re not going to be a regular Joe like everybody else. But then you get out there and life starts to hit you. It hits you so many times, eventually you just can’t get up anymore. Or won’t. And then you just don’t know. Those dreams seem to fade away, and suddenly you’re not sure who you are anymore.
Leigh Bardugo, Wonder Woman: Warbringer|We can’t help the way we’re born. We can’t help what we are, only what life we choose to make for ourselves
Latika Teotia|Whenever I am sad and depressed; whenever I cry tears of pain or frustration I ask my little heart, why do I cry. Why does this emotion overtake me time and again. Then a little voice from within say that it’s OK to cry once in a while. If you’ve been hurt, it’s better to cry yourself to calmness, to console yourself instead of retaliating. These tears make me human instead of becoming a hard hearted person. Tears retain the innocent being within me. So tears are my biggest strength, they are my best friends…
Latika Teotia|People who fill you with positivity, who make us see the brighter side of life are our best friends. Cultivate them, hang on to them and never let them go.
Alex Staniforth, Icefall: The True Story of a Teenager on a Mission to the Top of the World|Life, to me, is like fishing: you won’t catch anything until you start, and every year you get older is another year the fish might slip through the net.
Chaim Potok, My Name Is Asher Lev|Did I know that the reason Hitler had been able to slaughter six million Jews without too much complaint from the world was that for two thousand years the world had been taught that Jews, not Romans, had killed that man?
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|When we see somebody in a difficult situation, we can understand them only if we had the same experience and had lived through it. Otherwise, we just think we know.
Latika Teotia|The best way to move on and move forward is to let go of the past. By past I mean everything hurtful, everything that brings or reminds us of pain, everything that was unpleasant and everything that led to disappointments. Unless you do that, the way forward will continue to be uphill. Let go and move on…
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|All of us suffer in life, but the ones who bring the suffering find the greatest pain. The wounds we inflict upon others are the most painful for us.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|If you're tired, if you're in pain, if you're worried or afraid - you're human. Remember that Superman is not your patron Saint. Be kind to you.
Latika Teotia|Your indecisiveness can lead you to being manipulated and controlled like a puppet by others. Because you can’t decide- you can be pushed into compromising and bending backwards. Take responsibility of your life and your choices. Seeking support for every choice or decision can make you easy prey to the people you are looking up to. Once in a while it’s OK to take their suggestion but for every little thing going to them is not right and will not help you in the long run either. People will start taking you for granted and lose respect for you. God has given you wisdom so use that; follow your gut feelings and try to lead your life as an outcome of your own choices. At least it will be your life based on your decisions and you won’t have any regrets later. Pray if you feel weak at deciding things, God will surely help you.
Einstein Albert|the only thing that you absolutely have to know, is the location of the library.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|There comes a time when we realize that our parents cannot save themselves or save us, that everyone who wades through time eventually gets dragged out to sea by the undertow-that, in short, we are all going
Latika Teotia|I give respect and reciprocate with enthusiasm to anyone who is nice, kind and respectful towards me. I appreciate the presence of people in my life but, if someone doesn’t value mine, then I find no reason to explain my absence to them.
Latika Teotia|I’m aware of my actions and responsible for them, so I don’t owe any explanation to anyone.
Latika Teotia|From all the chaos, confusion, disorder, turmoil and pandemonium around her where things are in total disarray a woman is capable of not only restoring order but also bringing peace as well as harmony. She is brave, competent, accomplished, gifted, capable and blessed. Woman, be proud of yourself.
Latika Teotia|Despite having been the victim of unfaithfulness, despite seeing infidelity, despite having been through failed relationships and despite being hurt, if you can still love, then, you are strong. You are blessed because love will never leave your doorstep.
Mira Grant, Feed|Every life has a watershed moment, an instant when you realize you’re about to make a choice that will define everything else you ever do, and that if you choose wrong, there may not be that many things left to choose. Sometimes the wrong choice is the only one that lets you face the end with dignity, grace, and the awareness that you’re doing the right thing.
Latika Teotia|She was oppressed, trampled over, hurt, harmed and went through pain as well as sorrow till she decided to stand up to what was going on. She said a firm and emphatic NO to all the nonsense. She was determined to face her fears, heal the pain of countless wounds and come out of the shadows to claim her rightful place under the sun. Yes, she is a fighter and had that fire which refused to die down despite the torture and misery that she underwent. She now stands rock steady, full of self assurance, firmly anchored to the confidence in her own self. Having freed herself from the deep dungeon of misery that she underwent all these years, she is now much more relaxed and at peace. Her life which was quite a mess is now uncluttered and she now travels much lighter having broken free of the chains that bound her. No longer is her energy being sucked in the wrong direction of the bygone miserable past nor is she unsure of the future because she has decided to create it to her heart’s desire. She’s fully alert with her feet firmly planted. The warrior in her has arrived !!!
Latika Teotia|Life is unpredictable as there are various forces at play and most of them are beyond your control. But, confidence in your own self and faith in the heart will help you brave even the worst of storms.
Latika Teotia|If you are convinced that the life style you are leading is right, if you are not coming in the way of others and not destabilizing or spoiling the peace of your neighborhood or the society then you don’t have to feel guilty. If some people criticize you for your living- style , don’t bother, remember you don’t have to respond to everyone and everything that others say, don’t feel guilty for ignoring them either.
Latika Teotia|Life teaches us invaluable lessons through our experiences and I treasure these. If I’ve been hurt, humiliated, shunned or sidelined I have grown that much stronger by learning precious lessons from them. If I’ve experienced spells of failures and disappointments, I’ve had my moments of sunshine too. But the best gift that experiences have given me is that I don’t commit the same mistake twice. They have taught me to overcome even the most difficult obstacles…
Brian Doyle|You cannot edit your life, and even if I was today offered the chance to never meet her, and so not leave the city I loved, I would decline, for life is a verb, life swerves and lurches no matter how cautious and careful your driving, and I would not be who I am, surrounded by those I love most in this world, had I not left Chicago when I did.
Latika Teotia|So caught up are we in our daily chores, our worries, anxieties, tensions and problems that we hardly notice the magnificence and splendor around us. Make a very conscious effort to see something beautiful around you; just gazing at small beauties fills us with peace. Unless we do that we’ll continue to be caught in this web of anxiety. There is so much joy to be seen in the antics of children as they go about playing unmindful of the people around them. An excited dog on a leash dragging its owner, the crazy jump of a monkey from one tree to another, squirrels playing hooky pokey trying to dodge the prying eyes of human beings are all out there for you to enjoy. Just put the pause button on your routine, take time off to stand and notice; you’ll be filled with so much joy and peace. So start taking delight in little things and appreciate small blessings.
Nidhie Sharma|Force is often used to enforce peace and an A bomb did bring world war 2 to a shuddering halt. The funniest people sometimes commit suicide and good souls often break a zillion hearts. That’s just who were are…sinners and saints in equal measure, our contradictions continually shaping our humanity and if we deny these paradoxes, we deny the existence of the very evolution that got us here.
Latika Teotia|There’s nothing wrong with victims of any kind of abuse; they are perfectly normal. It is the ones that abuse others, who are not normal. It is they who have twisted minds and need to be corrected or counselled. Unfortunately people look down upon the abused victims as if they’ve done something wrong and make them feel ashamed as well as guilty- which is not fair and absolutely incorrect. Victims must be shown kindness, encouraged and rehabilitated at the earliest and those who abused them must be ostracized. If you have been the victim of any kind of abuse, take down those walls of guilt, don’t hide behind dark doors, face the light and take charge of your life. Seek support- if required. You must understand that you have done nothing wrong and must not feel guilty or have low self esteem of yourself; it is the one who has abused you who should be running for cover. All you need at this point of time is love, self love and lots of self confidence. Believe in yourself and have faith in your ability to bounce back.
Dr Karan M Pai|The past has faded from memory, the present is where I live. I travel on. Who knows where I’m heading.Where am I? Faith lets me believe that the world is good. And those I meet on the way who walk with me for a while are good people too. I know.Just a little cross..That drifting traveller was from my village, that old path... whose memories I could not escape. My home shed tears without me. I have a nagging fear ... that I no longer belong to my home.I’m a man whose chosen journey, will stay the journey. Neither room here nor from there. I’m a man whose chosen journey, will stay the journey.That I stayed always did.I befriend milestones, the road knows me by my gait. Everyday.. the world feels the same everyday. I sell cities to people of leisure, I leave empty handed. I return empty handed. Everyday.. I’m becoming a stranger to myself everyday.. I’m a man whose chosen journey, will stay the journey. That I stayed always did.When I turned from village to city, turning bitter, like poison. Everyday.. I wish I could have been different everyday ... This age, This time, This road keeps passing by. I’m a man whose chosen journey, will stay the journey. That I stayed always did.I stayed!I stayed!
Akansh Malik|Life is too short to repeat your mistakes, make new ones..!!
Margaret Atwood, Moral Disorder and Other Stories|In the end, we'll all become stories
Latika Teotia|Dream big and dream of a beautiful world where the sun always shines; where everyone sports a smile; where sorrow doesn’t come knocking on any one’s door; where there is plenty of love and where time stands still to watch you enjoy life.Dream of a peaceful world, a world where children retain their innocence and are not violated even before they bloom; where love exists in its true form and breakups are never heard of; where families grow instead of shrinking; where loneliness doesn’t exist and old age is spent enjoying the fruits of love that you sowed.Dream of a world where unselfishness and selflessness rule the roost; where we are not divided on the basis of colour or creed, instead we treat each other with love and respect; where there is equality in everything and the line between the haves and have not’s doesn’t exist. Such a world will bring Heaven on Earth.Fly out on the wings of imagination to build such a world and let not even the sky be your limit.
Latika Teotia|Stay calm and composed even when the things around you appear to be in a state of chaos. Learn to draw on your inner strength to brave all the storms. Stay firm and rock steady and let the disorder around you turn into order. That is your real test. You must not allow anyone or anything to take away your peace of mind or unbalance you. Don’t let even the worst of storms steal your inner peace and calm. You are strong, hold on to your peace.
Latika Teotia|Please be kind to your body, take care of it; because it loves you unconditionally. There is an army/ a plethora of organisms that are at work day and night without a moment’s respite to keep it going. It protects you from illnesses; repairs cuts and heals broken bones. Your heart doesn’t stop beating, even when you are asleep or resting; it snatches those very few moments between heartbeats. Despite the misuse that you put it to, it always faithfully and dutifully takes it in its stride. In a nutshell- it never lets you down and serves you with all its heart. So, be kind to it, don’t punish it for loving you.
Latika Teotia|The choice to remain unhappy because of your hurts, pains and miseries by hanging on to them or live happily by forgiving and moving on is yours. There are lots of times that you may have felt that injustice had been done to you, that you were kind to someone who in return turned out to be ungrateful, that you loved with all your heart giving it all that you had but what you got in return was a broken heart and broken dreams, in short life has been very unfair to you. Right? So what do you want to do? Hang on to those miserable thoughts and moments? Will it help in any way? Are you going to get justice, will your heart be the same once again? Get real. Hanging on to bitter memories will only harm you because you will turn bitter and you will go crazy simply trying to deal with this accumulated mound of misery. Choose instead to forgive, ignore and move on. Get rid of that excess baggage that you have been carrying in your heart all this while and you will suddenly feel lighter as if a huge stone has been lifted from your chest. Forgive quickly and unconditionally, that’s the best way forward. Don’t be tied down by bitterness and let it not ruin your life.
Latika Teotia|Tackle your problems without delay, face them head on. Don’t shy away from taking decisions- however unpleasant they may be. By doing so you are taking care of yourself. Yes, even tackling a problem is self care because you have freed your mind from that nagging feeling of “yet to face the problem.” Mundane tasks like washing your clothes, getting rid of old stuff that you don’t need any more, sitting down to study for that test, confronting those who are making you uncomfortable, getting rid of those people who pull you down and fill you with negativity are steps in the right direction, Your worst enemy is procrastination.
EverSkeptic|Till when will you struggle to make your place in this world? Open your eyes, you already have. Now go ahead and make use of it!
Latika Teotia|We help people only during time of calamities, extreme pain, sorrow and losses which is a very noble and kind. But what about other regular or normal days? Why not support and be in touch otherwise too. There are many lonely ailing people living in forced solitude. I’m sure they would appreciate if people dropped in regularly to alleviate their loneliness.
Latika Teotia|Today resolve to get rid of all the negativity that has been eating you away, dump those thoughts which create self doubt, do away with views that create self pity and make a new beginning. Life hasn’t ended, your page is still being written and you have a long way to go. Remember, every day is a new day and you can decide to start life anew whenever you want to. So go ahead write a new page, a new chapter of your life today and make it as colorful as you want. After all, you have only one life to live- make the most of it.
Latika Teotia|Words bite. They hurt more than physical blows. External hurt disappears after some time but the wounds that words leave linger on and on. It’s very difficult to erase them from your heart- some cruel words get permanently engraved. So choose your words carefully, choose them wisely, because, words once uttered cannot be taken back.
Latika Teotia|We are all trying very hard to be kind, considerate and compassionate. How much we succeed depends on which side of the table we are on. What we feel is our best foot forward may appear to be uncaring to others. So before forming opinions look within and grant people grace. As it is life is pretty difficult for us because we all are struggling with something or the other. No one really purposely wants to trouble or hurt anybody.
Latika Teotia|People will try your patience, bug you, irritate you, do something petty and won’t think twice about it. It’s up to you to react by confronting them, seek an apology or just ignore them. I would sincerely advise you to ignore and move on. There are far better and more important things to do then waste time over eliciting a confession or an apology. Moreover, the people who do something wrong are neither mature enough to realize their follies nor will they accept that they were wrong. You will be banging your head against a stone wall and spoiling your own day. Invest your time and energy on things which matter. Hold on to your peace- always.
Mary E. Pearson, The Beauty of Darkness|If I had been shipped off to Dalbreck, there are valuable things I never would have learned.
Avijeet Das|You call me at 12am or 3am I will pick up your call. Once I make a commitment, I don't go back!
Latika Teotia|We, at times, criticize ourselves for making immature choices. But if you think with real compassion you will find that those were the right choices at that point of time. Everything happens for a reason, maybe, that was destined. Anyway the best would be to accept whatever happened and move on.
James Jones|Warden had a theory about women: For years he had been asking them to sleep with him, the ones that interested him. "Will you go to bed with me?" and they were always shocked, even the rummy barflies. Of course, they always did, but that was only later, after he had fulfilled the proper requirements of approach. No woman ever said, "Why, yes, I'd like to go to bed with you." They couldn't do it. It wasnt in them to be that honest.
Myra Yadav, Move On|Discipline is an index of your lifebook, maintain it properly
Susan Spencer-Wendel|A sudden shock rattles your soul. The ground shifts. In minutes it is over, but it takes a long time to find your center of balance again
Brittany Burgunder|Just because your heart is beating, doesn't mean you're alive.
Richard Russo, Nobody's Fool|Maybe sheetrocking wasn't one of Sully's favorite jobs, but like most physical labor, there was a rhythm to it that you could find if you cared to look, and once you found this rhythm it'd get you through a morning. Rhythm was what Sully had counted on over the long years - that and the wisdom to understand that no job, no matter how thankless or stupid or backbreaking, could not be gotten through. The clock moved if you let it.
Danilo Vukovljak|My father told me "Son, there are only two kinds people that can do whatever they want in life. Kings and fools.". So I decided to be a King.
Danilo Vukovljak|My father told me once "Son, there are only two kinds people that can do whatever they want in life. Kings and fools.". So I decided to be a King.
Unknown|It's such a blessing when you accidentally meet an oracle or diviner, who encourage you to take up things what you love the most. And you just go for it. Because nothing else can matter, only quality of beauty and artistry, or at least as long as there is anything that activates your senses. When you are born to be a pleasure-seeker, then only fools can smell a conspiracy close by.
Pam Billinge, The Spell of the Horse|I understood then, with absolute certainty, that theability of the horse to sense emotion, energy and spirit isbeyond what most of the human world realises. This is whytheir impact on us can be so instant, so consistentlypositive, so transformational.
Prashant Yadav, The Jeera Packer|When in a frying pan, thank your stars. You will reminisce about it moments later, when you fall in the fire.
litymunshi|We choose fruits to have .before eating ,wash it ,watch this,and feel good about this . relationship is just one of this .people choose .taste ,feel . so separation doubt or rejection matters . in various experiences this is really happening __ some relationships ,we do not choose . these are gifted to us ,stays us .any ups and down cant create separation .few are such to understand .
Douglas Coupland, Microserfs|Sometimes we all forget that the world itself is paradise, and there has been much of late to enourage that amnesia. (Microserfs, p 366)
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The end is a mystery, therefore think and act well now! Be robust, be focused and run the race with tenacity! When you fall, arise, learn the lessons and use them well! Learn everyday for life is an arena for learning! No one can ever be perfect! When you are speeding, be careful, for excessive speed can sometimes be dangerous, though it can get you to your journey’s end faster, and it can also make you avoid certain attacks! Sometimes the best things come delayed; when there are delays, be patient and wait, for not all things that delay are dead; time will speak with time! When it is going smoothly, watch out never to let comfort lead you astray, for because of comfort, so many people are not who they were truly meant to be, and they are in wrong tracks to an end of no glory! When darkness comes, remember life is about day and night! When day comes, note that darkness puts people to sleep; use the day well then whilst you have it! No day stays forever and no night is ever permanent! Never rejoice because someone falls during the day for you do not know what will happen to you in the night! Serendipity exists, but try your very best to do all you can to ensure that you never faint nor fall, for life is a battle! Stand for what is a must and do what is truly needed to be done! Be vigilant enough never to slumber nor be trapped in another track! Guard your tongue, for no one can hear it until you say it! Mind your actions, for it is the oil that keeps your lamps brighter for a good journey! Mind your mind for it is an engine for life, and a good remote control that controls the entire body to a good or a bad end! Guard your heart, for it is the house of your being! Remember, however in all things that human strength, efforts, wisdom and understanding is always limited! Ask God therefore for that little insight and understanding to get to your journey’s end successfully with a successful story so as to win that awesome praises from His angels! You are here for a purpose! We shall all meet the end, but how we shall meet it is truly a mystery! As you take the journey, mind the end!
Mehmet Murat ildan|When we feel ourselves very weak, life will look immensely powerful and ruthless! The extent of our power is the key factor in determining how powerful life is! The stronger we are the weaker the life will be!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Where your heart is, there lies your treasured home.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|In this world of ever-growing technology, creativity and innovation when new things happen every second, perhaps, you wouldn’t be able to do anything new but you could always do something that shows other ‘The New’ they haven’t come across.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|We try to befit after we fall, we outsmart after we are fooled, we overcome after we are dropped, we go the extremes only after we experience the extremes.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Our whole life passes asking only one question to ourselves, “I did the same or more hard work than the one standing on top of my field. Why wasn’t I chosen for it?
Jennifer  Green, Winning While Losing|Sometimes you have to give up on people. Not because you don't care but because they don't. A person's actions will tell you everything you need to know. Love yourself enough to say goodbye to those who don't make time for you or don't know how to love you back. Let go of what hurts, even if it hurts to let go." ~ Jennifer Green
Unknown Author 188, Unknown Book 10139187|I'd suggest you find something better to do with your time...” ― Unknown Author 188 advice, advice for life, life lessons, reality
