Catherine Deneuve|People who know me know I'm strong, but I'm vulnerable.
Gretel Ehrlich, The Solace of Open Spaces|The toughness I was learning was not a martyred doggedness, a dumb heroism, but the art of accommodation. I thought: to be tough is to be fragile; to be tender is to be truly fierce.
John Bunyan, The Pilgrims Progress|Now, Mr. Great-heart was a strong man, so he was not afraid of a lion.
Yukio Mishima, Sun and Steel|Only through the group, I realised — through sharing the suffering of the group — could the body reach that height of existence that the individual alone could never attain. And for the body to reach that level at which the divine might be glimpsed, a dissolution of individuality was necessary. The tragic quality of the group was also necessary, the quality that constantly raised the group out of the abandon and torpor into which it was prone to lapse, leading it to an ever-mounting shared suffering and so to death, which was the ultimate suffering. The group must be open to death — which meant, of course, that it must be a community of warriors.
Kyo Shirodaira|You're not completely alone, you have me! Even if the entire world turns its back on you, you'll still be the strongest as long as you have me!
Todd  Johnson, The Sweet By and By|Risin up, when you’re weak, makes a person stronger. By standin, thery’re saying that [she] matters, and they matter too. I feel better when I think about how showin respect to one person makes every person makes every person worth more.
Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics|There is a strange idea abroad, held by all monetary cranks, that credit is something a banker gives to a man. Credit, on the contrary, is something a man already has. He has it, perhaps, because he already has marketable assets of a greater cash value than the loan for which he is asking. Or he has it because his character and past record have earned it. He brings it into the bank with him. That is why the banker makes him the loan. The banker is not giving something for nothing.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|YOU HAVE TO BE STRONG ENOUGH TO BE WEAKAllow yourself to feel whatever you are feeling. Notice any labels you attach to crying or feeling vulnerable. Let go of the labels. Just feel what you are feeling, all the while cultivating moment-to-moment awareness, riding the waves of “up” and “down,” “good” and “bad,” “weak” and “strong,” until you see that they are all inadequate to fully describe your experience. Be with the experience itself. Trust in your deepest strength of all: to be present, to be wakeful.
Kelli Jae Baeli, Falling Through the Cracks: The Misadventures of No One Famous|What doesn't kill you, makes you stronger...unless it instead snaps your spine. Then it makes you a paraplegic.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|To be acceptable is for one to ignore his weakness while knowing his strength, to cover the scar even though it's always there, however, to be impossible is for one to see his weakness as, not an adversary, but the cherry on top of his strength, to rearrange the scar so that it compliments his features.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|of being strong and brave. The strong can not be brave. Only the weak can be brave; and yet again, in practice, only those who can be brave can be trusted, in time of doubt, to be strong.
Stephen King, The Dead Zone|Nothing is ever lost, Sarah. Nothing that can't be found.
John Steinbeck, Tortilla Flat|A dying organism is often observed to be capable of extraordinary endurance and strength. ... When any living organism is attacked, its whole function seems to aim toward reproduction.
Maureen Dowd|McChrystal's defenders at the Pentagon were making the case Tuesday that the president and his men—(the McChrystal snipers spared Hillary)—must put aside their hurt feelings about being painted as weak sisters. Obama should not fire the serially insubordinate general, they reasoned, because that would undermine the mission in Afghanistan, and if that happens, then Obama would be further weakened.So the commander in chief can be bad-mouthed as weak by the military but then he can't punish the military because that would make him weak? It's the same sort of pass-the-Advil vicious circle reasoning the military always uses.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Though these young men unhappily fail tounderstand that the sacrifice of life is, in many cases, the easiest ofall sacrifices, and that to sacrifice, for instance, five or six years oftheir seething youth to hard and tedious study, if only to multiplytenfold their powers of serving the truth and the cause they have setbefore them as their goal--such a sacrifice is utterly beyond the strengthof many of them. 
Jean de Berg, The Image/The Whip Angels|Having recovered from an inexplicable moment of weakness Claire was on the defensive, ready to bite. I had the impression that she was now looking for a chance to demonstrate her strength, or her hard-heartedness.
Paula McLain, The Paris Wife|They’d scared me and had me thinking about what it meant to be really strong, on my own terms—not just fit and brown from the sun, not just flexible and accommodating.
Confucius, The Analects|A legendary horse is praised not for its strength, but for its Integrity.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Our toil must be in silence, and our efforts all in secret; for this enlightened age, when men believe not even what they see, the doubting of wise men would be his greatest strength.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|When a nation which has long groaned under the intolerable yoke of a tyrant rises at last and throws off its chains, do you call that weakness? The man who, to rescue his house from the flames, finds his physical strength redoubled, so that he lifts burdens with ease which in the absence of excitement he could scarcely move; he who under the rage of an insult attacks and puts to flight half a score of his enemies,—are such persons to be called weak? My good friend, if resistance be strength, how can the highest degree of resistance be a weakness?
Oliver Goldsmith, The Vicar of Wakefield|Conscience is a coward, and those faults it has not strength enough to prevent it seldom has justice enough to accuse.
Francesca Lia Block, Pink Smog|Welcome Beauty, banish fear.
Wael Ghonim, Revolution 2:0: A Memoir and Call to Action|The revolution has no leader, I said. It was more like a raging wild horse that would buck anyone who tried to mount it against its will.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Home? What is home? Home is where a house is that you come back to when the rainy season is about to begin, to wait until the next dry season comes around. Home is where your woman is, that you come back to in the intervals between a greater love - the only real love - the lust for riches buried in the earth, that are your own if you can find them.Perhaps you do not call it home, even to yourself. Perhaps you call them 'my house,' 'my woman,' What if there was another 'my house,' 'my woman,' before this one? It makes no difference. This woman is enough for now.Perhaps the guns sounded too loud at Anzio or at Omaha Beach, at Guadalcanal or at Okinawa. Perhaps when they stilled again some kind of strength had been blasted from you that other men still have. And then again perhaps it was some kind of weakness that other men still have. What is strength, what is weakness, what is loyalty, what is perfidy?The guns taught only one thing, but they taught it well: of what consequence is life? Of what consequence is a man? And, therefore, of what consequence if he tramples love in one place and goes to find it in the next? The little moment that he has, let him be at peace, far from the guns and all that remind him of them.So the man who once was Bill Taylor has come back to his house, in the dusk, in the mountains, in Anahuac. ("The Moon Of Montezuma")
Mollie Marti|As part of humanity, each of us is called to develop and share the unique gifts we are given.
William C. Bullitt|...My deepest personal reason for staying in Paris is that whatever I have as a character, good or bad, is based on the fact that since the age of four I have never run away from anything however painful or dangerous when I thought it was my duty to take a stand -- the American Ambassador to France upon being asked to evacuate Paris by the State Department on the eve of Nazi occupation of Paris in 1940
Tanya Huff, Blood Trail|He read disappointment at his response and wondered if she realized that she expected a certain amount of effusive sympathy from the people she told. Rejecting that sympathy made her feel strong, compensating for what she perceived as her weakness. He suspected that the disease was the first time she hadn't been able to make everything come out all right through the sheer determination that it would be.
Robert Fulghum, Uh-oh - Some Observations From Both Sides Of The Refrigerator Door|There is a tree. At the downhill edge of a long, narrow field in the western foothills of the La Sal Mountains -- southeastern Utah. A particular tree. A juniper. Large for its species -- maybe twenty feet tall and two feet in diameter. For perhaps three hundred years this tree has stood its ground. Flourishing in good seasons, and holding on in bad times. "Beautiful" is not a word that comes to mind when one first sees it. No naturalist would photograph it as exemplary of its kind. Twisted by wind, split and charred by lightning, scarred by brushfires, chewed on by insects, and pecked by birds. Human beings have stripped long strings of bark from its trunk, stapled barbed wire to it in using it as a corner post for a fence line, and nailed signs on it on three sides: NO HUNTING; NO TRESPASSING; PLEASE CLOSE THE GATE. In commandeering this tree as a corner stake for claims of rights and property, miners and ranchers have hacked signs and symbols in its bark, and left Day-Glo orange survey tape tied to its branches. Now it serves as one side of a gate between an alfalfa field and open range. No matter what, in drought, flood heat and cold, it has continued. There is rot and death in it near the ground. But at the greening tips of its upper branches and in its berrylike seed cones, there is yet the outreach of life. I respect this old juniper tree. For its age, yes. And for its steadfastness in taking whatever is thrown at it. That it has been useful in a practical way beyond itself counts for much, as well. Most of all, I admire its capacity for self-healing beyond all accidents and assaults. There is a will in it -- toward continuing to be, come what may.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|What makes the strength of the soldier isn't the energy he uses trying to intimidate the other guy by sending him a whole lot of signals, it's the strength he's able to concentrate within himself, by staying centered. That Maori player was like a tree, a great indestructible oak with deep roots and a powerful radiance- everyone could feel it. And yet you also got the impression that the great oak could fly, that it would be as quick as the wind, despite, or perhaps because of, its deep roots.
George Eliot|But the vicar of St. Botolph's had certainly escaped the slightest tincture of the Pharisee, and by dint of admitting to himself that he was too much as other men were, he had become remarkably unlike them in this - that he could excuse others for thinking slightly of him, and could judge impartially of their conduct even when it told against him. [from Middlemarch, a quote my mother thinks describes the kind of man my father was]
Paul Brunton, The Spiritual Crisis of Man|(The presence of evil) in his life provokes him into either overcoming it or yielding to it. If the first, it has led him to work for his own improvement; if the second it has led him to acknowledge his own weakness. Sooner or later, the unpleasant consequences of such weakness will lead him to grapple with it, and develop his power of will...Immediately and directly, it may either strengthen him or weaken him. Ultimately, it can only strengthen him.
Rosalind Coward, Sacred Cows: Is Feminism Relevant To The New Millennium?|The old 'qualities' of masculinity - a narrow focus on life, domestic incompetence signalling a mind on higher things, emotional reserve and acts of endurance - have become absurdities, signs more of incompetence, insensitivity, lack of intelligence than of strength.
Steven Erikson, Toll the Hounds|You had the physical bullies and the emotional bullies and they both revelled in destroying lives.No, she had no time for them. But there were others whose strength was of a much rarer kind. Not easy to find, because they revealed nothing. They were quiet. They often believed themselves to be much weaker than they were. But when pushed too hard, they surprised themselves, finding they would not back away another step, that a wall had risen in their souls, unyielding, a barrier that could not be passed. To find one such as this was the most precious of discoveries.
Kayla Krantz, When Night Falls: A Collection of Short Stories and Poems|You pushed me down to the depths of my sorrow until I thought I wouldn’t see the light of day again. You expected me to drown, didn’t you? To be left there for an eternity, waiting for your hand to pull me out? What you didn’t stop to realize is that I live in the shadows, thrive even. When I pull myself from the darkness, I’ll be stronger for it and you’ll regret leaving me for dead.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Don't tell a girl with fire in her veins and hurricane bones what she should and shouldn't do. In the blink of an eye, she will shatter that ridiculous cage you attempt to build around her beautiful bohemian spirit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the strength of God, we shall overcome every struggle.
Lucifer|A sword wields no strength, unless the hand that holds it has courage.
Laura Roberts, Arrow's Adventure|Keep moving through valleys to find your sight,As the dark becomes the light,Keep moving up mountains to find your strength,As you climb the hardest length.
Peter Bunzl, Cogheart|I know sometimes life can be painful, my tiger. But, remember, if you can’t change what’s happened today, you must bide your time, until you’re strong enough to fight tomorrow.
Latika Teotia|1.	The troubled times that you go through are not meant to break you, instead they are meant to show you the hidden strength that lies within. It is at times like this when you thought you are broke that you suddenly discover that you have a pile of cash stashed away which you had completely forgotten about. Draw upon those hidden reserves that you never knew existed and come out stronger from the experience. It is your ability to brave the storm that is more important.
LJ Shen|If you want to be strong, be.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With grace, we find the strength to reach the goal.
Daniel Woodrell, The Death of Sweet Mister|You wake up in this here world, my sweet li'l mister, you got to wake up tough. You go out that front door tough of a mornin' and you stay tough 'til lights out—have you learned that?
Hrishikesh Agnihotri|The length, the depth and the strength of your relationship is determined more by your compatibility in the difficult times than by your compatibility in the better times.
Mishi McCoy|I encourage you to remember that you are, indeed, as the stars. You glow with the same intensity. The answers that you seek outside of yourself may very well be found within the cosmic intelligence inside you. Go ahead; show the world what you are made of! Sparkle, shine, light the way, and brightly blaze as you are meant to do.
Shūsaku Endō, Wonderful Fool|Not all men are handsome and strong. There are some who are cowards from birth. There are some who are weak by nature. There are even some who cry easily. But for such a man, a man both weak and cowardly, to bear the burden of his weakness and struggle valiantly to live a beautiful life-- that's what I call great. The reason I'm so fond of Gaston is not because he has a strong will or a good head. Rather it's because, weakling and coward that he is, he keeps on fighting in his own way.
Lailah Gifty Akita|No matter what, if you have the strength of life, it is enough to be thankful.
Michelle Madow, Diamonds are Forever|It takes strength to forgive and love unconditionally,a nd you have that strength, Savannah. It´s what makes you shine.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Careful! The kraken is wagging its tentacle, again.
Gift Gugu Mona|The weakness of one man is the strength of another, hence we all are different for a reason.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The obstacles are man-made, so we can overcome with divine-strength.
Annette Marie, Dark Tempest|... You did what none of us could do.”“Only because the poison didn’t affect me the same way—”“Does that matter? We couldn’t do it. You did. We saw what you looked like when you got out. How many times did you fall in order to batter your knees like that? But you kept going.”“That makes me stubborn, not strong,” she mumbled.“Strength comes in many forms...
Tiffany Luard|When your steps are destined... you can trust that your journey has a variety of processes. These processes will be disguised with a perfect strife; however, the struggle is pivotal in breeding greatness..." (T.luard)
Levon Peter Poe|Sometimes in this world, all you have is YOU!Stand strong and tall. No one will do it for you
Lailah Gifty Akita|We cannot run away from our problems. We have to pray for strength to conquer,
Gift Gugu Mona|Strength is not determined by the looks, but action.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|In one creative thought a thousand forgotten nights of love come to life again and fill it with majesty and exaltation. And those who come together in the nights and are entwined in rocking delight perform a solemn task and gather sweetness, depth, and strength for the song of some future poet, who will appear in order to say ecstasies that are unsayable.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|Pain had a way of breaking time down. I thought about the next minute, the next hour. There wasn't enough space in my mind to put all those pieces together, to find words to summarise the whole of it. But the "keep going" part, I knew the words for.P151
Siri Hustvedt, A Woman Looking at Men Looking at Women: Essays on Art, Sex, and the Mind|My purely practical advice: Don't get excited. Don't raise your voice. Bite back. Bite back hard, but never cry.
Ruth Ware, The Woman in Cabin 10|Was this what it was going to be like? Was I turning into someone who had panic attacks about walking home from the tube or staying the night alone in the house without their boyfriend? No, fuck that. I would not be that person.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|The practice of loving-kindness is about cultivating love as a trans-formative strength,
Caroline George, The Vestige|Welcome to the apocalypse. Where make-do is a motto and life seems wrong, out-of-place. Where the weak become strong because they have no other choice.
Caroline George, The Vestige|The world doesn’t change because the sun sets and rises. We can either adapt to survive our circumstance or we can change it. And I know we can’t control fate, but I’m sure not going to spend whatever time I have left sitting around and waiting for my life to get better.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Kindness is not a fixed trait that we either have or lack, but more like a muscle that can be developed and strengthened.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Mind your strength! Let people know that you are strong and let them see how strong you are, and who or what makes you strong, but in doing so, be careful showing people the true source of your strength for not all people deserve to know that! You may never know what is behind the mind! Sometimes in life, the day you show people how wise you are, the very day you show them how unwise you are! Get understanding and walk in wisdom!
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|She had inherited a story that was strewn with corpses and clotted with enmity, and was only trying to stay alive in it.
Michael Chabon, Moonglow|My grandfather often felt frustrated or baffled by my grandmother's illness, but when it came to the origins of the Skinless Horse he thought he understood. The Skinless Horse was a creature sworn to pursue my grandmother no matter where she went on the face of the globe, whispering to her in the foulest terms of her crimes and the blackness of her soul. There was a voice like that in everyone's head, he figured; in my grandmother's case it was just a matter of degree. You could almost see the Skinless Horse as a clever adapation, a strategy for survival evolved by a proven survivor. If you kept the voice inside your head, the way most people did, there could really be only one way to silence it. He admired the defiance, the refusal to surrender, involuntary but implicit in the act of moving that reproachful whisperer to a shadowy corner of a room, an iron furnace in a cellar, the branches of a grand old tree.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|The foolish families worry over blood. I care nothing for purity of family or ancestry. That is a vain thing. I care only for strength. What a man can do to other men, women.
Katie Alender, From Bad to Cursed|That's the whole problem, isn't it?" He turned his face toward the night sky and let out a horrible laugh, like a gasp of pain. "Why are you the only person who's allowed to be strong?
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not have any problems, it means you have stopped being of interest to the devil; you are not dangerous to him
Paddick Van Zyl|To have wisdom whilst young, to have strength whilst old, therein lies the secret to life on earth
Sunday Adelaja|God knows your abilities, and he also knows how to turn your weak points into strong ones
Sunday Adelaja|Through solving problems we improve and develop ourselves, reach maturity and strengthen our will
Sunday Adelaja|Overcoming all obstacles improves us, develops our natural ability and makes us stronger
Sunday Adelaja|If a man realizes who he is, he is confident of his strength
Alfa H|There is lonely, and there is alone time. I have found that both have etched character upon my soul.
Charles   Lee|Believe it or not, I'm stronger than any belief, stereotype, profile, or idea you have of me. I'm driven and self-made with a perception unique to my own. You'll hate that and say I'm not special. I'll allow you to believe it because deep down, you already know I am. My name's Charles Lee. Bound for greatness. Destined to soar.
Lesley Livingston, The Valiant|This oath is the oath we all swear. Not to a god, or a master, or to the Ludu Achillea...but to our sisters who stand here with us. Our sisters. This is the oath that binds us all, one to one, all to all, so that we are no longer free. We belong to each other. We are bound to each other. In swearing to each other, we free ourselves from the outside world, from the world of men, from those who would seek to bind us to Fate and that which would make us slaves. We sacrifice our liberty so that, ultimately, we can be truly free.
Marie Lu, Life Before Legend: Stories of the Criminal and the Prodigy|Your strengths might make you hard to approach, and might make your words sound uglier than what you actually mean, but they also make people look up to you.
Lisa Mischelle Wood, Just Believe: A Collection of Christian Poetry and Photo-Quotes|You don't have to part the waters or move the mountain for me; just help me get across them, Lord, for I can do all things through Thee.
Robin Jenkins, The Changeling|Never to whine; to accept what came; to wait for better; to take what you could; to let no one, not even yourself, know how near to giving in you were.
Tara Estacaan|Growing Up' ----To become someone,to reach outfor things you have dreamt of.There is nogoing back.
Tara Estacaan|She might not be sweetShe might not be upbeatShe is womanHer strength finespun —To the unkind,She changes her mind.Oh woman, solid purebred.Hold high your head.
Erik Pevernagie|When illness and old age are no longer indulgent and strength is irrevocably seeping away, brightness fades insidiously away from the light of the day and time only betrays reckless evanescence. (“Into a new life”)
Maria Dahvana Headley, Aerie|You are strong enough to sing as you wish, not as your pain has forced to. You aren't your hurt. You're other than that. You are not the broken things you've been.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|the truth she gathered, enlarging her strength, enlarged likewise the composure that comes of strength.
Sunday Adelaja|When Satan begins to particularly attack to persecute you, it should be a sign of your strength
Maria Dahvana Headley, Aerie|You are strong enough to sing as you wish, not as your pain has forced you to. You aren't your hurt. You're other than that. You are not the broken things you've been.
Lisa Mischelle Wood, Just Believe: A Collection of Christian Poetry|Lord, I'm thankful for every stumble because it was then that You lifted me; I'm thankful for every heartache that made me stronger than I knew I could be.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the strength of God, we shall triumph in any situation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we wish for a new strength, we must meditate on the Scriptures.
Haruki Murakami|once your get your hopes up, your mind starts acting on its own. And when your hopes are dashed you get dissapointed, and dissapointment leads to a feeling of helplessness. You get careless and let your guard down. And right now, she though, that si the last thing I can afford.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish to find the strength of being, read the Holy Bible.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we rest, we shall renewal our strength.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we rest, we shall renewal our strength
C.S. Lewis|Lucy buried her head in his mane to hide from his face. But there must have been magic in his mane. She could feel lion-strength going into her. Quite suddenly she sat up. "I'm sorry, Aslan," she said. "I'm ready now.""Now you are a lioness," said Aslan. "And now all Narnia will be renewed. But come. We have no time to lose.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|We are little flames poorly sheltered by frail walls against the storm of dissolution and madness, in which we flicker and sometimes almost go out.
Courtney M. Privett, Mayfly Requiem|The tear-stained letters of my regret will remain forever unread, for I am never going to be strong enough to give them to you.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Generosity is a strength, not a weakness.
N. K. Jemisin|Many things have broken him. He holds himself together with spit and endless smiling, but all can see the cracks. You, though; you are dented, bruised, but intact.
Kiese Laymon, How to Slowly Kill Yourself and Others in America|The man of courage is not the man who did not face adversity. The man of courage is the man who faced adversity and spoke to it. The man of courage tells adversity, "You're trespassing and I give you no authority to steal my joy, my faith or my hope.
Ann Rinaldi, An Acquaintance with Darkness|Our enemies make us strong, Miss Muffet, not our friends. Our friends will lie to us, tell us what we need to hear. Forgive us. We must keep a few good enemies on hand, always, to keep us sharp and teach us never to do anything that needs forgiveness.
Jewel, Hands|My hands are small, I knowBut they're not yours, they are my ownBut they're not yours, they are my ownAnd I am never broken
Lailah Gifty Akita|All that I can truly have: life, strength and time!
Kierra C.T. Banks|You embody the strength of 10,000 moons and your life will be a testament of it. Ase
John  Myer, John Myer: A Collection of his Sermons and Writing, #1|Only small men parade their learning, talk over their audience and air their superior knowledge. Only brutal men throw their strength about, and vain rich men display their wealth in ostentatious useless luxuries.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|True strength isn’t being able to knock your enemies down, it’s being able to hold yourself upright against their blows.
Agatha Christie, Evil Under the Sun|To marry and have children, that is the common lot of women. Only one woman in a hundred--more, in a thousand, can make for herself a name and position as you have done.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Capricorn|It was a crushing defeat, but it put iron in my backbone and sulphur in my blood. I knew at least what it was to fail. I knew what it was to attempt something big.
Sesan Kareem|The singular difference between success and true success is those who achieved true success did not pursue success, they were driven by it. They were those who followed their strengths, they were those who spent each heartbeat to proffer solutions to humanity’s problems, they were those who lived a highly simple and effective life.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|I want them to hear your story. And know that there is a special strength..." As I spoke I realized I needed to hear it, know it, too. "A special strength in enduring such dark trials and hardships... And still remaining warm, and kind. Still willing to trust—and reach out.
Akshay Vasu|Every person I ever knew or had come across always spoke about fallingin love with the rain. They dreamt of dancing in it like there is no tomorrow but I never heard someone speaking about falling in love with a wildfire. No, it is not for the weaker ones. The moment you fall in love with the wildfire, it starts burning everything that you have ever built or grown all these years around you. It changes the way you had always imagined and looked at how the love would be, making you end up homeless. It makes you a weakness intertwined with strength, a love intertwined with hatred. It makes you a puzzle that you yourself could never solve.
Brian K. Vaughan, Saga #40|Most of us think we can hide our weaknesses from the world, and sometimes, we're right. But only if we're very very strong.
N.K. Jemisin, The Obelisk Gate|The way of the world isn't the strong devouring the weak, but the weak deceiving and poisoning and whispering in the ears of the strong until they become weak, too.
Sarah Hepola, Blackout: Remembering the Things I Drank to Forget|That is true strength. To want what you have, and not what someone else is holding.
Jagdish Joghee, In Love and Free: The tale of a woman caught between two men...|The sea is intriguing and exciting. It always reinforces in me a sense of belonging. The waves bring with them a strange kind of peace and calm. The sea has been a silent spectator to many major incidents in my life. The many outings with friends and family; the long walks on the shore with dad, my hero and philosopher; the moments spent with my love, the memories are endless.
Scott Westerfeld, Leviathan|That was the trick - to keep punching, no matter what.
Mother Teresa|Humility is truth, therefore in all sincerity we must be able to look up and say, "I can do all things in Him who strengthens me." By yourself you can do nothing, have nothing but sin, weakness and misery. All the gifts of nature and grace you have them from God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We are never old with the strength of the spirit, although the body may fail.
Sharath Nazre|A persons emotions should be the strength, should not be the weakness
Lorri Faye|Achieving your goals depends more on the way you manage to push through the bad days, than shine on the good ones.
Karen A. Baquiran|When we have no choice of what is to come, we must find the strength to have trust in what lies ahead. SURRENDER.
Holly Bourne|She has her own brand of strength,brought to the surface by the dim glow of the streetlight and the whisper of night air on her skin.
Vironika Tugaleva|These times are hard, but I won't walk away jaded, darker, different. I feel. I cry to heal. If you saw me in those moments, maybe you'd think I was a mess. But I don't call it a mess. I call it strength.Real strength isn't about building walls. Real strength is about staying open, no matter what. It's about taking life—with all the pleasures that fade and all the pain that sticks around for too long—and not shutting down, not closing down, not building up those walls.Resilience isn't hard, impenetrable, iron. Resilience is flexible, soft, warm. Stay strong. The real kind of strong. Don't let your automatic mind reflexes make you jump away from pain and towards pleasure. Make choices. See clearly. And never, ever, stop feeling.Don't go numb. The world, even with all its horror, is too beautiful to miss.
Zoraida Córdova, Labyrinth Lost|We all get scared and want to turn away, but it isn’t always strength that makes you stay. Strength is also making the decision to change your destiny.
Elise Kova, Crystal Crowned|Every chance worth taking will make you a little scared. That means you're taking a risk. And where there is risk, there is reward.
Akshay Vasu|You are like that spark of fire, that fell on a leaf and burnt the whole tree down gradually. Look at me now, all you can see is the memories and reflections of a tree that stood tall and strong once before. But I will not let you win. I will show you, how life can rise again from just ashes and dust.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Grounding is most effective when you have some place to go. When you know where you are going, grounding brings strength and confidence, when you’re stagnant you get caught in the past.
John  Altman, In the Nick of Time - The Autobiography of John Altman, EastEnders' Nick Cotton|There is a power within and without. If you ask, it answers. It's just a matter of being calm and wise and listening. It takes years.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|Fire burned in her heart, and her wounded soul spread out, casting a shadow like wings across her country.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|Lada made her face stone, her heart a mountain. A mountain that would never be pierced to let cold, clear water flow. “Nothing holds me here.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|It was me who had to carry myself over the finish line, and all I needed to remember when I felt like not trying was that that feeling wouldn't last forever.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Can you drown in grief? She turned away sharply, angry with her own frailty. She had no time for the luxury of self-pity.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Treasure Island|We must go on, because we can't turn back.
J Ali|More is less, less is more
Lorna Jane Cook, Outside Wonderland|...perhaps it wasn't a matter of strength so much as pliability, a willingness to let life become unpredictable and sometimes even unravel.
Anonymous|The worldly comforts are not for me. I am like a traveler, who takes a rest under a tree in the shade and then goes on his way
Danny Scheinmann, Random Acts Of Heroic Love|Please hear me, you are not alone on this planet hurtling through space, solitude is an illusion, come let me help you, rise up, walk forward, walk tall, walk straight, let nothing stop you.
Anonymous|When two persons are together, two of them must not whisper to each other, without letting the third hear; because it would hurt him
Christina Engela, Blachart|In the process of helping others, I helped myself. In acting out of my own brokeness I became whole again. It's the kind of strength and determination you find when you have hit rock bottom and you realize you could die right now - and want to, but realize that even death won't make the difference you were hoping for.
Sapphire, Push|Some folks got a light around them that shine for other peoples. I think that maybe some of them was in tunnels, and in that tunnel, maybe the only light they had was inside of them. And then, even long after they escaped that tunnel... They still be shining for everybody else.
Ransom Riggs, Hollow City|She had maintained her strength in the face of all this for so long that we had come to take it for granted, but she wasn't bulletproof. She might've been peculiar but she was also human,
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|It is a curious thing, watching a strong man fall to pieces.
Ken Liu, The Grace of Kings|The calf is capable of walking quite well now," Dazu said. "He never stumbles.""But I told you to carry him back here," the teacher said. "The first thing a soldier must learn is to obey orders."Every day, the calf grew a little heavier, and every day, Dazu had to struggle a little harder. He would collapse, exhausted, when he finally got to the ranch, and the calf would bound out of his arms, glad to be able to walk on his own and stretch out.When winter rolled around again, Médo handed him a wooden sword and asked him to strike as hard as he could at the practice dummy. Dazu looked with distaste at the crude weapon with no edge, but he swung obediently.The wooden dummy fell in half, cut clean through. He looked at the sword in his hand with wonder."It's not the sword," his teacher said. "Have you looked at yourself lately?" He brought Dazu to stand in front of a brightly polished shield.The young man could hardly recognize the reflection. His shoulders filled the frame of the mirror. His arms and thighs were twice as thick as he remembered, and his chest bulged over his narrow waist."A great warrior trusts not his weapons, but himself. When you possess true strength, you can deal a killing blow even if all you have is a blade of grass."Now you're finally ready to learn from me. But first, go thank the calf for making you strong.
Darren Shan, Bec|Though I’m tempted by the call of the sea, I resist. It can’t claim me.In a way I’m stronger than the waves and I feel good about that.
Starla Huchton, Shadows on Snow|We all eventually find that life is a series of adjustments, but anything can be overcome when there is love around you. Once can be strong on their own, but there is greater strength in knowing when to rely on others.
Andy Flynn|I believe i am hard as a stone, but even a stone breaks if you smash it real hard.....
Anonymous|If you do not feel ashamed of anything, then you can do whatever you like
Anonymous|It is difficult for a man laden with riches to climb the steep path, that leads to bliss
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|He was handsome and strong, but somehow that wasn't enough for him. He also felt the need to be tough and inured to hardship... But how was he to come by that quality in this luminous garden, where all manner of fruit was to be had for the picking?
Emery Lord, When We Collided|My dark days made me strong. Or maybe I already was strong, and they made me prove it.
Sarah Morgan, Sleepless in Manhattan|Failure is a part of life. Success teaches you nothing, but failure teaches you resilience. It teaches you to pick yourself up and try again.
Michelle Tea, Valencia|I knew what I stood for, even if nobody else did. I knew the piece of me on the inside, truer than all the rest, that never comes out. Doesn't everyone have one? Some kind of grand inner princess waiting to toss her hair down, forever waiting at the tower window. Some jungle animal so noble and fierce you had to crawl on your belly through dangerous grasses to get a glimpse.
Arnold Zable|His life-experiences, and reflections upon them, led Y to believe that the most difficult challenge in life was how to be kind, yet strong. ‘To be kind is not enough,’ he would say. ‘You have to be strong to give to others, and strong to withstand life’s fluctuating fortunes.
Gugu Mona|It is not easy to let go, but when you do; not only do you realize the strength that lies within you, you also create an opportunity to see God perform the best of miracles in your life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You can only find strength, if you dare conquer the situation
Mina Marial Nicoli, The Magic of Avalon Eyrelin|I am not tough, nor hardened, nor strong. I cannot fight. I do not have what it takes. I can comfort my friends with this gift, but I cannot heal the world with it, and I certainly cannot do battle with an evil sorcerer with it! You are mistaken!
Napoléon Bonaparte|As for moral courage, it is very rare, he said, to find that kind found at 2 o'clock in the morning; that is to say, courage in the face of the unexpected.
Joud Tabaza, No, I Want To Do This|The next time the world tells you “Stop”, “Don’t”, or “You can’t do this”, the next time the world beats the living daylight out of you, hit it back with a knock just as strong and say, “No, I want to do this.
Caitlín R. Kiernan|Dancy closes her eyes, remembering all the times that have been so much worse than this, all the horror and shame and sorrow to give her strength. The burning parts of her no one and nothing can ever touch, the fire where her soul used to be.
Simon Van Booy, The Secret Lives of People in Love|When a person is loved, they are granted the strength of all seas.
Julius Lester|Its hardness and solidity had been an odd kind of comfort. Do not wish for anything. Be and endure. The Old African had learned that enduring was power too, and just as he had been drawn to the boulder, so the slaves, after a while, were drawn to him.
Madalyn Beck, Dragon Hearts & Dandelion Fuzz|You can try to dirty my name, but I'll wear your hate like war paint.
Jack Handy|If you think a weakness can be turned into a strength, I hate to tell you this, but that's another weakness.
Donna Lynn Hope|He studied the woman before him, not as lovely as she once was, ordinary in appearance, scarred by living, abandoned by many, breathtakingly to be near and altogether unforgettable. "I have no friends," she spoke forth hauntingly. "I am alone." He couldn't believe it. But then he could for the rare creature near enough to touch was out of their league. She wasn't envied for the shallowness of appearance or the superficiality of status or possessions; she was envied for being uncommon and for possessing indomitable strength, something only a lifetime of suffering could shape.
Sarah Brownlee|Anyone who crawls up from the gutter and makes something of themselves, despite the odds and despite others who tried to keep them down, must always be very proud of their achievements. They must never forget the struggles they went through, because they are a living example to those who wander in darkness, a staunch reminder that light is within reach if they can find the strength and determination to keep going.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|Miss Benson had the power; which some people have, of carrying her wishes through to fulfillment; her will was strong, her sense was excellent, and people yielded to her – they did not know why.
Tara K. Harper, Wolfwalker|The strength to go on must come from within, not without, or it crushes instead of building up the heart.
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|As one widow put it to me, “Strength doesn’t mean being able to stand up to anything, but being able to crawl on your belly a long, long time before you can stand up again.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Life has pounded me downand thrashed me around,Time and time again,But I always get right back up,Because I still love life -Just as the earth still lovesThe rain.
George R.R. Martin, A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms|Strength to your arm, then.
Dennis Sharpe|To one degree or another we all fight against preconceptions nearly every day. The wisest people I know don't compare their fight to that of others. Everything is relative through the lens of personal struggle.Heroes come in all shapes and sizes... mine are often those who are fighting their fight in public. Unashamed. Proud. An example.Heroes aren't perfect. They have faults and flaws. They stumble from time to time. They are heroes, though, because they correct themselves... and set an example, intended or not, for the world observing them... even, and especially, to those who would love nothing more than to see them fail.Stay Strong!
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you accept the situation, you will find strength for strategic adaptation.
Nina Lane, Awaken|Trust your instincts, follow your bliss, make plans, work hard, learn to let things go. Don’t be late. Remember that fortune favors the brave. Live. If you need to run, try and run towardsomething. Study for tests. Laugh at silly cartoons. Be organized. If you fall seven times,get up eight. Always carry an extra pen. Believe you can do everything. Find your key.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you focus on the ultimate goal, you will find strength to overcome the hurdles on the path to success
Nina Lane, Awaken|Trust your instincts, follow your bliss, make plans, work hard, learn to let things go. Don’t be late. Remember that fortune favors the brave. Live. If you need to run, try and run toward something. Study for tests. Laugh at silly cartoons. Be organized. If you fall seven times, get up eight. Always carry an extra pen. Believe you can do everything. Find your key.
Samuel Gyekye Mensah|as they mock you due to your loss,you rise back strong and agile to win
K. Weikel, The One-Hundred|I don’t have all the answers I need yet, and I’m not ready to give up until I completely understand the purpose I serve and what it is I’m supposed to do.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, we build our strength for the ultimate success.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you want it enough, you find strength to work for its achievement.
George R.R. Martin, A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms|A great battle is a terrible thing," the old knight said, "but in the midst of blood and carnage, there is sometimes also beauty, beauty that could break your heart.
Saru Singhal|As she walks through her problems, miseries and bad days, she couldn't help but notice how her gait has become more poised and elegant. Earlier - she tripped over at the sight of a problem. Now - she keeps her head high and wins over them.Her problems made a woman out of a girl!
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you failure, do not give up. Find new strength to climb the stairway to success.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Rest leads to renewal of spirit, soul and strength.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|You will be lonely, but you'll become strong.
Marianne Curley, Fearless|I won't show weakness here, but, damn it, tears don't mean I'm frail and pathetic, only that I'm unhappy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every situation you conquer, you find the strength, your never knew you had.
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|Anita is small and colourless in her grey trousers, grey knitted cardigan, grey hair and grey skin. But ove notices that her face is slightly red-eyed and swollen. Quickly she wipes her eyes and blinks away the pain. As women of that generation do. As if they stood in the doorway every morning, determinedly driving sorrow out of the house with a broom.
George R.R. Martin|Then a begging brother in a tattered brown robe said a blessing on his sword, and a maid kissed his cheek. 'They are for me,' "Why?" He asked Pate. "What am I to them?" "A knight who remembered his vows," the smith said.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you endure every struggle, you will find your potential strength.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With strong heart, you will survive life.
Kass Morgan, Day 21|She would figure out how to get what she wanted, what she needed, even when her long lashes failed to convince, when her body was no longer young and beautiful. She'd be more than pretty, She'd be strong.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, we trust the Saviour to be our strength.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|You do not give your precious body to the billy clubs of Birmingham sheriffs, nor to the insidious activity of the streets.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every tough situation, toughen the soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With strong heart, you will survive any hardships.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In any situation, you can find strength in the Lord.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you cannot sleep, put the sacred energy to use. You can pray, read and write.
Ellen Dreyer, The Glow Stone|That's the thing about rocks--they don't break easily. When I held them, I wanted to be like them-strong and steady, weathered but not broken.
Steven Chuks Nwaokeke|If your altar is not active, your voice will not be strong
Aimee L. Salter, Dark Touch|I will not go back. I may stumble, but I will not fall.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With a strong spirit, you will survive any situation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Positive energy, positive work.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the strength of will, you can adapt to any situation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not quit, endure and find strength.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Positive strength, positive action.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Positive spirit, positive strength.
Amy Koppelman, Hesitation Wounds|Resiliency, like a cartwheel, requires core strength and a disregard for gravity. Only one of which can be willed.
John  Mole, It's All Greek to Me!: A Tale of a Mad Dog and an Englishman, Ruins, Retsina--and Real Greeks|I prefer not to elaborate on the various stages of our dealings over the next few days - disbelief, anger, recrimination, the raking up of old sores, bitter silence and so on - but I can say that they gave lasting strength to our relationship, like a thick scar is stronger than the skin around it.
Herman Melville|Ahab still stood like an anvil, receiving every shock, but without the least quivering of his own.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In time of poverty, you alone face is your fate. If your spirit is stronger enough, you will survive.
Atro Spiker|If you want to be strong, smile! He who can smile, even when he's so sad that he wants to die, when it's so painful that he wants to give it all up and run away, is the one who becomes strong.
Jennifer Handford, The Light of Hidden Flowers|You’ve gotta believe that the split second that changed your life—the brief moment that took your leg and bruised your melon—can’t be the defining moment of your life. It was just an instant, a flash. Just one second out of millions of seconds. It doesn’t get to own you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our ministries are strengthened, sometimes more than we realize, by our devotional life.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We must learn to let the Word of God feed us and strengthen us in our faith in God its author, Christ its message, and the Holy Spirit its teacher.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Are your beliefs anchored in a faith that can withstand emotionalism, the drug culture, social and peer pressure, and material temptations? The world is seething with demonic energy. Only supreme inner strength can resist its ceaseless hassling.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We shouldn’t think about ourselves and how weak we are. Instead, we should think about God and how strong He is.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God is in control. He may not take away trials or make detours for us, but He strengthens us through them.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Grief can kill a person emotionally and physically. If not counteracted with God’s strength and power, our personal weakness may debilitate us.
Mia Sheridan, Grayson's Vow|If you let it, pain makes more space for love within you. And the love we carry inside makes us strong when nothing else can
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|As God is my witness, as God is my witness they’re not going to lick me. I’m going to live through this and when it’s all over, I’ll never be hungry again. No, nor any of my folk. If I have to lie, steal, cheat or kill. As God is my witness, I’ll never be hungry again. - Scarlett
Kerrelyn Sparks, The Undead Next Door|I’ve got more faith in my shotgun than any man, that’s for sure.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|As you get older, you have to be willing and able to choose your own path for your life. And once you choose it, you walk it with strength. If you meet evil along the way, know that it is supposed to make you afraid, but it’s not supposed to stop you. You walk through the fear and you walk through the evil, and you don’t let either one become your master.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|It is beyond my human strength. So, I depend on divine power.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A muscle becomes weak if it is not used. To become strong, a muscle must push against something.
Karen A. Baquiran|Acknowledge your inner child. Even though we have found the light in ourselves today, we sometimes forget to heal old wounds of our past. Your inner child still needs to be loved in order to heal the complete self.
Anthony Liccione|Find strength in your heartbeat, than weakness with a beat heart. Take each breath as another chance, and love for a new day.
Christopher Hitchens, Letters to a Young Contrarian|One must avoid snobbery and misanthropy. But one must also be unafraid to criticise those who reach for the lowest common denominator, and who sometimes succeed in finding it. This criticism would be effortless if there were no "people" waiting for just such an appeal. Any fool can lampoon a king or a bishop or a billionaire. A trifle more grit is required to face down a mob, or even a studio audience that has decided it knows what it wants and is entitled to get it. And the fact that kings and bishops and billionaires often have more say than most in forming appetites and emotions of the crowd is not irrelevant, either.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, Meditations|For the nearer everything is unto unpassionateness, the nearer it is unto power. And as grief doth proceed from weakness, so doth anger. For both, both he that is angry and grieveth, have received a wound, and cowardly have as it were yielded themselves unto their affections... For it was ordained unto holiness and godliness, which specially consist in an humble submission to God and His providence in all things; as well as unto justice: these also being part of those duties, which as naturally sociable, we are bound unto; and with without which we cannot happily converse one with another: yea and the very ground and fountain indeed of all just actions.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be curious, confident and courageous.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Reality Check: A Collection of Poems|I'm strong beyond appearances reveal,But I'm human, and have weak moments still.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The strength within you, divine soul, can survive any situation.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|Poetry’s circular fulfillment was so persistent, when I was weak it gave me strength.
Neetal Parekh, 51 Questions on Social Entrepreneurship|We are, none of us, pillars of strength. We use our moments of strength to carry us through our moments of weakness.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|YOUR GREATER ANIMALThey say that if you areEver confronted byA lion or bear,To never act scared.Instead act likeYou are the greater animalAnd that they'reThe hareThat you are aboutTo tear.This has beenProvenAnd compared.This is how presidentsAre lovedAnd feared.Each one of us has an animalWithin usThat is armed withMental,Physical orSpiritual giftsThat could shoot spearsThrough the air.So next timeYou are confronted inA fight that seems unfair,Just remember the lion and the bear.MAGNIFYYour greater animalAnd all that feel your magnificenceWill quickly step awayAnd disappear.
Arthur Rimbaud, A Season in Hell/The Drunken Boat|Weakness or strength: there you are, strength. You do not know where you are going, nor why you are going; enter anywhere, reply to anything. They will no more kill you than if you were a corpse.” In the morning I had a look so lost, a face so dead, that perhaps those whom I met did not see me.In cities, suddenly, the mud seemed red and black like a mirror when the lamp moves about in the adjoining room, like a treasure in the forest! Good luck, I cried, and I saw a sea of flames and smoke in the sky; to the right, to the left all the riches of the world flaming like a billion thunder-bolts.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Once you have endured sufferings, you can give someone strength.
Ellen Hopkins, Perfect|Back turned, you don't have to look at what you've left behind. And the person who first turned their back on you can't watch you break down and cry. Never allow an enemy to see weakness in you.
Anthony Trollope|In social life we hardly stop to consider how much of that daring spirit which gives mastery comes from hardness of heart rather than from high purpose, or true courage. The man who succumbs to his wife, the mother who succumbs to her daughter, the master who succumbs to his servant, is as often brought to servility by a continual aversion to the giving of pain, by a softness which causes the fretfulness of others to be an agony to himself,—as by any actual fear which the firmness of the imperious one may have produced. There is an inner softness, a thinness of the mind's skin, an incapability of seeing or even thinking of the troubles of others with equanimity, which produces a feeling akin to fear; but which is compatible not only with courage, but with absolute firmness of purpose, when the demand for firmness arises so strongly as to assert itself.
Mamur Mustapha|In your absolute defiance against tyranny, lies and all odds; lies therein, your true moral strength. Rise!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When we rest, our energy is restored.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every new morning brings new strength, new hope and new vision.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In calmness and confidence, thy strength manifest.
Mamur Mustapha|It is only when you lose your wings, you really learn to fly. Its when the sense of loss, becomes the driving force.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In great humility, we find our strength.
Elizabeth Yates, Amos Fortune, Free Man|Always she thought of him as climbing some mountain in his mind, like that great one to the west on which his eyes would dwell so often and from which he seemed to derive something that was even more than strength.
Samuel B Watson|It's not about what we go through in life, but how we come out shining on the other side that makes us who we are.
Kevin J.  Donaldson, 10 Secrets of the New Rich: How To Join The World's New Breed Of Millionaires|Taking responsibility for your circumstances. Take responsibility. Be strong enough to admit your wrongs, ask for forgiveness, and think of constructive solutions to solve your problems.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In times of suffering, may God strengthen you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When we have suffered a little while, we are restored in strength.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Though I am faced with many adversities, my heart will not faint.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|Poverty entails fear, and stress, and sometimes depression; it means a thousand petty humiliations and hardships. Climbing out of poverty by your own efforts, that is indeed something on which to pride yourself, but poverty itself is romanticised only by fools.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|So why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me. Had I really succeeded at anything else, I might never have found the determination to succeed in the one arena I believed I truly belonged. I was set free, because my greatest fear had been realised, and I was still alive, and I still had a daughter whom I adored, and I had an old typewriter and a big idea. And so rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|I shall never forget the African torture victim, a young man no older than I was at the time, who had become mentally ill after all he had endured in his homeland. He trembled uncontrollably as he spoke into a video camera about the brutality inflicted upon him. He was a foot taller than I was, and seemed as fragile as a child. I was given the job of escorting him back to the Underground Station afterwards, and this man whose life had been shattered by cruelty took my hand with exquisite courtesy, and wished me future happiness.
J.C. Cooper|Next to the dragon, and connected with it, water is the most frequently used symbol in Taosim. It is the strength in apparent weakness, the fluidity of life, an also symbolic of the state of coolness of judgment, acceptance and passionlessness, as opposed to the heat of argument, the friction of opposition, and the emotion of desire. Water fertilizes, refreshes and purifies and it is symbolic of gentle persuasion in government of the state and the individual. It occupies the lowest position, yet is the most powerful of forces. The highest goodness in like water.
Mark Twain|You may say what you want to, but in my opinion she had more sand in her than any girl I ever see; in my opinion she was just full of sand.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We ought to encourage, build and strengthen one another.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you read great literature every day, you will uplift your spirit, soul and self.
Gabriela M. Sanchez|No matter what happens, I will always love myself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|O Lord, Thy Word, heals my wounds.O Lord, Thy Word, gives me hope. O Lord, Thy Word, strengthens my spirit.O Lord, Thy Word, revive my soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With diligent practice, you will be an expert.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|O Lord, Thy Word, strengthens my spirit.
Clementine von Radics|You are on the floor crying,and you have been on the floor crying for days.And that is you being brave.That is you getting through itas best you know how. No one else can decideWhat your tough looks like.
Daisaku Ikeda|Become like the sun. If you do so, all darkness will be dispelled. No matter what happens, live confidently with the conviction that you, yourself are the “sun.” Of course, in life there are sunny days and cloudy days. But even on cloudy days, the sun is still there. Even when you are suffering, it is vital that you strive to keep the sun shining brightly in your heart.
Michelle Madow, Diamonds are Forever|Sometimes it felt like no one was ever there for her. Everyone thought she was so strong. And she was, for the most part. But that didn’t mean she never needed anyone to lean on.
Jacqueline Carey, Banewreaker|A small kindness, a confluence of compassion, had saved his life. Was that strength, or a weakness?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Tell me, who have never be knocked down by life’s circumstances?
Haruki Murakami|The strength I'm looking for isn't the type where you win or lose. I'm not after a wall that'll repel power coming from outside. What I want us the kind of strength to be able to absorb that kind of power, to stand up to it. The strength to quietly endure things - unfairness, misfortunes, sadness, mistakes, misunderstandings.
Judy Croome, Dancing in the Shadows of Love|No, Zahra, dear, no! Gentleness isn’t weakness.’ Her hand, suspended in midair, trembled with emptiness and fell to her side. ‘How easy it is to be bitter or angry; that’s when you’re at your weakest! But when you choose to be kind, to forget your hurt, that’s when you find within the greatest strength of all.’ She smiled, oh, a smile of such ancient wisdom, her face shone with love. She waited, but when I wouldn’t smile back, she walked past me.
Sanjo Jendayi|Some are drawn to the light of your strength but can't handle the darkness of your weaknesses. If they run when the light gets dim, don't chase them. They have no understanding of how dark is necessary for light to shine its brightest.
Lauren Gallagher, The Virgin Cowboy Billionaire's Secret Baby|I'm not a size zero, I'll never be a size zero, and the number of fucks I give about that is zero.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|I pray that I am sufficiently stirred by the rumor of great things to seek the God who created this single thread that I am, and to marvel at a vision magnificent enough to cause this God to weave from this single thread a tapestry most resplendent.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Courage to dare,Strength to act.
Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom|The strong version of the adversity hypothesis might be true, but only if we add caveats: For adversity to be maximally beneficial, it should happen at the right time (young adulthood), to the right people (those with the social and psychological resources to rise to challenges and find benefits), and to the right degree (not so severe as to cause PTSD).
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more you give of yourself, the more you find yourself.
Darmie O-Lujon|When flash of hope scans through your dreams. When news of goodness skims the surface of your expectations and bravery abates, break not, keep pressing less the dreams of your fingers suffer extinction.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As long as grace abounds, I will work with all my strength.
Steven Chopade|He can transform the incapability in you to do what the capables, even together, cannot do.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every new day brings new strength, new dreams and new opportunities.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you have strength, why won’t you work?
Tony Curl|I'm grateful for today. I'm stronger, braver, wiser.
Tony Curl|We need to simplify life. Do you think grass thinks about who trod on it yesterday? No... It just continues to grow. And so should you. You cannot control who treads on you, but you do control your own growth. Don't ever let others inhibit you!
Tony Curl|At some time you start to think your dreams are beyond you. The universe is sending you messages to quit... contrary. The universe is simply making sure that it really is something you want. Anything great is worth fighting for. Keep fighting, keep persisting. It is only through persistence that we ultimately succeed.
Tony Curl|Where you are and what you have been through has you perfectly placed to move forward. Stronger, braver, wiser.
Tony Curl|Your self-imposed prison. That think called your COMFORT ZONE. Challenge it, stretch it. You will thank yourself.
Claire Douglas, The Sisters|He's the anchor to my boat and I worry that I will float out to sea, directionless, without him.
Darrell Calkins|…one lives and analyses data within a frame, unaware that the solution is most often just outside of that frame. Never underestimate the depth of your subjectivity.
Kenn Bivins, the Wedding & Disaster of Felona Mabel|Neither super strength, nor telepathy, nor flight, nor telekinesis, nor any aberrant ability will ever be as great as the innate ability that a woman has when she is able to control her own mind.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|It is us who change. We grow stronger, and the problems appear less imposing.
Steve Maraboli|Failure is a mindset, not a circumstance. I let my experiences strengthen me. You think I fell on my face, but I’m down here doing pushups.
Donna Lynn Hope|For those who have learned what suffering is early on, you have prepared ahead of the pack so that you can take care of the pack.
Ann Brashares|She was worried these thoughts would crush her if she let them come, but they didn't. You didn't know how heavy they were until you tried to lift them. You didn't know how strong you were.
Pazaria Smith|If you find a FEAR predator on your tail, STOP running, turn and face it, with BOLDNESS and declare,"God has not given me the spirit of FEAR! but of power, and of love and of a sound mind. [2 Timothy 1:7]Take your best shot Devil! then, march on with boldness, confidence, power and strength, as a soldier in the King's army!
Stephanie Powell Watts, We Are Taking Only What We Need|These dogs didn't bother to bond with us, but stuck out their paws, not to shake hands but so we could slit their wrists and get it the hell over with. (p.51)
Gwen Mitchell, Rain of Ash|She’d lost so much in the process of becoming Zyne, but somewhere in the middle of it all, she’d found herself. Her heritage had shattered her illusions of a tranquil life. Destiny swept behind in a blaze, decimating everything she tried to hold on to. She was left alone, like the solitary tree standing after a forest fire. She’d thought she would crumble to ash, just another memory on the wind. But as blackened pieces of her cracked and fell away, she saw the truth. Under all that charred wreckage was the heartwood. Bruised. Scarred. But still good. Still capable of growth. When she looked in the mirror, she no longer saw a victim, but a survivor.
Gordon B. Hinckley|As you walk your various paths, walk with faith. Speak affirmatively and cultivate an attitude of confidence. You have the capacity to do so. Your strength will give strength to others. Do not partake of the spirit so rife in our times. Rather look for good and build upon it. There is so much of the strong and the decent and the beautiful to build upon. You are partakers of the gospel of Jesus Christ. The gospel means "good news." The message of the Lord is one of hope and salvation. The voice of the Lord is a voice of glad tidings. The work of the Lord is a work of glorious accomplishment.
Donna Lynn Hope|Her scar tissue, which she seems to amass both physically and mentally, may not be pretty, but they have become tougher than if she had never been wounded at all.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Running away, avoiding life's battles or giving up robs you of the opportunity to grow and be stronger.
Shannon L. Alder|The Warrior Woman Code:A confident woman doesn't beg a man to stay, cry if they don't or need to tear down other women to be loved. She knows her value. When the person she is meant to be with finds her, that person will know it also. He won't be confused by it. He will fight for her because without her he feels incomplete. She will always be foremost in his mind above anyone else. She doesn't have to scheme to keep or entice him. She is okay walking away from him because she doesn't want to be seen as a choice or a woman that has some potential. She demands to be seen as "the one." To settle for anything less than that is an admission of insecurity and lack of self love.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Whenever you should question your self-worth, always remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty.
Amit Kalantri|Politics doesn't corrupt people, people corrupt politics.
Naoyuki Ochiai, Syndrome 1866 9|When desire meets desire, the stronger one survives. Fulfill your desires! The predator will eat the prey. Our world is a cruel and dirty place...but that's what makes it so beautiful! Hell is the true paradise!
Lorraine Heath, Lord of Wicked Intentions|In all likelihood he would eventually destroy her, unless he found the strength to let her go.
Kaylea Cross, Avenged|Releasing a slow breath, she raised her chin and finally turned her gaze on Qureshi. The moment their gazes connected she felt a surge of power go through her. Throughout her nine hellish months of captivity, she’d been forbidden to look him in the eye. She’d known better than to even try, because she’d known what would happen to her if she did. But they weren’t in Afghanistan anymore and he was no longer the one calling the shots. She held the authority now. Her life, her opinions, had value here. And her voice, silenced for so long, would now speak for all the victims unable to. Her voice would not only be heard here in this courtroom—it would be his undoing.Qureshi stared back at her with an insolent, almost bored disdain on his scratched face, making it clear what he thought of her. To him she was nothing but an infidel whore, a commodity less valuable than a goat or mule, to be bought and sold whenever it suited him, handed out to one of his soldiers as a prize of war. Well this infidel whore is about to bury you, you son of a bitch. Holding that cold, hateful gaze in the taut, hushed silence that filled the courtroom, she sent him another silent message. Let him see it in her eyes. You didn’t break me. I’m no longer afraid of you. You no longer have the power to hurt me or anyone I care about. And by God, I’ll make sure you never have the chance to hurt anyone else again.
Kaylea Cross, Avenged|A quiet peacefulness stole through him, dimming the sharp sense of loss. His arms contracted around her, the pressure fierce. “I’m coming to find you once the trial’s over,” he murmured against the top of her head. She kissed his chest. “You’d better.” “We’re not done,” he told her. “Not by a long shot.” She hummed in agreement and caressed his chest with her fingertips. Nate stroked the length of her spine, savoring the silky texture of her skin. He missed her already and she was still lying naked in his arms. “Just a few more days and this’ll all be over.” “Don’t make me wait too long, okay?” “I won’t.” He leaned his head back, tipped her chin up with one hand until she met his eyes. If there was even a tiny part of her that doubted his intentions, he wanted that cleared up now. “I’ve never felt like this about anyone before.” Her eyes softened and she smiled that serene smile that soothed him deep inside. “Me neither.” He could drown in this woman and die a happy man. He admired her so damn much. “You’re strong, baby. So much stronger than you even realize. You’ve got this.” “Have I got you, though?” Normally the question would have freaked him out. Hearing it from her made him feel insanely possessive. “Yeah, you’ve got me, baby.” He was falling so hard and so fast, and it didn’t even faze him. “Then I can handle everything else on my own,” she whispered, and pulled his mouth down to hers.
Katy Evans, Manwhore +1|Weak men don't like string men, they remind them of what they failed to be.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If you can endure anything, you can become anything.
Holy Bible - 2 Timothy 1:7|For God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|Don’t you understand? You are Elder. When you take my role as Eldest, you must dedicate your whole life to this one idea: you are the caretaker of every single person on the ship. They are your responsibility. You can never show weakness in front of them: you are their strength. You can never let them see you in despair: you are their hope. You must always be everything to everyone on board.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|I do not subscribe to the abuse "victim" or "survivor" mentality. I have experienced every kind of abuse imaginable and I am and always have been the most happy go-lucky, positive and life affirming person around. Your labels do not serve you, so don't use them as an excuse to be miserable. You have a beautiful life to live, so accept the beauty and start living.
Sunday Adelaja|If you live by the grace of God and you constantly recognise His grace in your life, then your weakness turns into strength
Jenna Alatari|There's no such thing as a mistake. There are only experiences. Some are good, and some are bad. Either way, it is an experience we learn from.
Moxie Will, Something That Will Change Your Life|Collectives can’t make money from virtues they make money from weakness. Where there are no weak, they create weak. Cowards hate strong people.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you overcome the difficulties of life, you develop an inner strength
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|I always thought it was disgusting and ugly, how the weak live their lives depending on each other shamefully licking each other's wounds. A way of life that no one could truly want. I was certain that no greatness could ever come from that. That's what I thought until I met you.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Those who intend to destroy me, underestimate my ability to regenerate.
Amy A. Bartol, Under Different Stars|I'm stone, nothing touches me-nothing.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|It is not because men’s desires are strong that they act ill; it is because their consciences are weak. There is no natural connection between strong impulses and a weak conscience. The natural connection is the other way. To say that one person’s desires and feelings are stronger and more various than those of another, is merely to say that he has more of the raw material of human nature, and is therefore capable, perhaps of more evil, but certainly of more good. Strong impulses are but another name for energy.
Cass van Krah|And then eventually you wake up, fully rested, ready to fly again :)
Jessica Edouard|We have one world. We have one chance; to be a united force of positive strength, to feed humanity the light of being humane.
Claire Messud, The Woman Upstairs|It was supposed to say "Great Artist" on my tombstone, but if I died right now it would say "such a good teacher/daughter/friend" instead; and what I really want to shout, and want in big letters on that grave, too, is FUCK YOU ALL.
Linda Lael Miller, Springwater|Her fatigue was gone; she felt vital and strong, like a tree coming back to life in the springtime, vibrant with sap, ready to put out buds and then blossoms.
Jessica Edouard|We have one world. We have one chance; to be a united force of positive strength, to feed humanity the light of being humane." Jessica Edouard
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May we continue to encourage one another, so that we will increase in strength and in wisdom.
V.R. Barkowski, My Bloody Valentine|It’s not the good we see in the people we love, but what we refuse to see that gives us strength.” “What the hell is that supposed to mean?” “Sometimes when we care about someone, we deny what’s right in front of us so we can move forward, so we have a reason to continue to love.
Jean Nicolas Grou|Your external circumstances may change, toil may take the place of rest, sickness of health, trials may thicken within and without. Externally, you are the prey of such circumstances; but if your heart is stayed on God, no changes or chances can touch it, and all that may befall you will but draw you closer to Him. Whatever the present moment may bring, your knowledge that it is His will, and that your future heavenly life will be influenced by it, will make all not only tolerable, but welcome to you, while no vicissitudes can affect you greatly, knowing that He who holds you in His powerful hand cannot change, but abideth forever.
Robert Tew|Sometimes walking away has nothing do with weakness, and everything to do with strength. We walk away not because we want others to realize our worth and value, but because we finally realize our own.
Hasil Paudyal, Blended Words|Give me another Chance Then, You will Get Less than I Gain...
Nikki Rowe|Don't let your tragedies fool you, they were never meant to alter your path; just re-pave your direction. Spend time nurturing the things that once tore you apart and you will find within you, your most empowering strength.
Debasish Mridha|My faith is stong enough to endure, kind enough to feel, big enough to accommodate.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Some days are harder than others, but I am ready to live each one of them. I can't sacrifice myself, this time.
Kate Meader, Playing with Fire|Knowing what she did to him made her feel powerful, just as knowing what he did to her made her feel weak.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|…I wanted to remove,my diamond earrings,for I felt they were,weighing a little heavy.I wanted to remove my heels,for I felt they were,taking me a little,above the ground,than I needed to be.I wanted to,throw away my blazer,for it was too much,of a thick layer,to what I am deep inside.” (Poem- Unambitious, Book- Ginger and Honey)
Robert Tew|Strength of character isn't always about how much you can handle before you break, it's also about how much you can handle after you've broken.
Veronica Roth|There was only one option left, and it was letting go.
Stacey T. Hunt, Game of Nightmares|She was too quiet, or she was too loud. She took things too seriously, or not seriously at all. She was too sensitive, or too cold-hearted. She hated with every fiber of her being, or loved with all her heart. There was no in-between for her. It was either all or nothing. She wanted everything, but in the end, she settled for nothing.
Criss Jami, Healology|Look for the person everyone hates, and love them.
Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted|I had been able to break the curse myself. I'd had to have reason enough, love enough to do it, to find the will and the strength.
Kelli Russell Agodon, Hourglass Museum|Yes, it hurts to fall— ache, tenderness—but each scar is a sign your system is working.
Bharath Mamidoju|My strength: My enemies, they keep me strong enough to face the worst - MB
Lori Lansens, The Mountain Story|The most successful people in the most impossible situations are the ones that are sure they're gonna get out of it, and they go on thinking that, even if they die trying.
Shelley Noble, Beach Colors|Strength ebbed and flowed, but brittle would break.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Gratitude pours forth continually, as if the unexpected had just happened—the gratitude of a convalescent—for convalescence was unexpected…. The rejoicing of strength that is returning, of a reawakened faith in a tomorrow and the day after tomorrow, of a sudden sense and anticipation of a future, of impending adventures, of seas that are open again.
Carry A. Nation|You have put me in here a cub, but I will come out roaring like a lion, and I will make all hell howl!
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|... you should never give yourself a chance to fall apart because, when you do, it becomes a tendency and it happens over and over again. You must practice staying strong, instead.
Nobuyuki Fukumoto|To be thankful for just being alive...To survive means to win... That only applies to animals, but I'm a human being!
jagan kumar|Humanism is my Religion, Good is my adoption , Bad is my Elimination, Acceptance is my Decision, Love is My Gift , Relation is my Affection ,Truth is My Strength, Help Is My Credit , Knowledge is My Treasure
Dan Simmons|Who are you, Hockenberry, to thwart Fate and defy the Will of the Gods?I am me, Thomas Hockenberry. I am fed up with these power-addled thugs who call themselves gods.
William Valentiner|That Detroit ultimately concentrated on automobiles could be traced to one genius, Henry Ford.... But that the necessary human energy for this development existed in Detroit could be proven through its early history.... I told him what I knew of the settlement in Detroit and of the climate, certainly almost the worst in the United States. Only the very strong could survive.... To defeat the conditions imposed by earth and sky at Detroit required intensive labor by energetic men who were not tempted by pleasure and play.
Kemi Sogunle|Plants die off when their roots have no water to sustain them. May your tears feed the roots of love in your heart and bring healing to your soul. May God grant you the strength to move on, knowing there's so much ahead of you.
Lydhia Marie, Remember|Weak or strong, everyone falls at least a thousand times throughout their life. It is in what they learn from their fall and how steady they become that you recognize the strongest of all." -Grandma (Magdalen)
Nikki Rowe|one day you will wake up, you will see with clear sight all that has held you back; you will feel lighter because you finally accept who you are. You will shine with flawless beauty because your happiness comes from the purity of your heart and one day I hope you realise all of this, before it's too late; because darling, if we spent our years nurturing the best of ourselves, heaven would be felt on earth.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Out of every tragedy, " he said, "comes new strength.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|She let the fear burn inside her like fuel, making her voice even stronger.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You: Just the Words|Because I found the strength to do the things I believe in, and the will to stop doing the things I don't believe in.So I have discovered what it means, to be at peace.
Nikki Rowe|Trust what your instincts are telling you, it's your souls voice pointing you in the right direction.
Rosa Parks|I learned to put my trust in God and to see Him as my strength. Long ago I set my mind to be a free person and not to give in to fear. I always felt that it was my right to defend myself if I could. I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear." - Rosa Parks
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|Her eyes were clear; she hadn't been crying. She was a cop's wife first, a woman second; she wouldn't give in to tears as long as Wyatt was fighting for his life because she was fighting with him in spirit.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Spirit|A victim has the potential to transform into a survivor, but if that is forgotten, a true victim is what they become. A survivor must endure strife and persevere against those thoughts that would convince them otherwise. Holding fast to ones will will allow them to know their strength has not evaporated; They will never be without hope.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|Strength should always be complimented by softness. If you resist too much, you will break. Thus, the strong person knows when to use strength and when to yield, and good fortune and disaster depend on whether you know how and when to yield.
Blake Mays|Strength is not defined by the load you bear, it’s defined by the amount you can bend before breaking.
L V HALL|& may you shine on in the sky with diamonds & dreams...do it for the suit behind the platform, who only wished he were free.have strength in freedom.
Genereux Philip|I never believed I will be the Breadwinner in my family, But I give Lord God Almighty Thanks!
Melody Carstairs|If it's not on the table, don't eat it off the floor.
David Anthony Durham, Acacia: The War with the Mein|She would never be caught unprepared again, she swore to herself. She would never trust. Never love. Never put faith in other human beings again. She would learn all she could of the shape and substance of the world, and she would find a way to survive in it.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|If you don't kill all of us all at once, those who remain will not be the weak.It's the strong who remain, the bent but unbroken, like the iron rods that used to give this concrete its strength.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|The things that knock you down in life are tests, forcing you to make a choice between giving in and remaining on the ground or wiping the dirt off and standing up even taller than you did before you were knocked down. I’m choosing to stand up taller. I’ll probably get knocked down a few more times before this life is through with me, but I can guarantee you I’ll never stay on the ground.
Charles M. Blow, Fire Shut Up in My Bones|I had been fortified by trauma, the way a bone, once broken, grows back stronger than it had been.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity, A 50-Day Devotional|The truth is that each of us fall short of loving unconditionally. We don't love others the way God loves us. Yet Jesus extended perfect love by living and dying for all of our sins. In spite of our failures, weaknesses, and selfishness, He sacrificed His own life so we could have eternal life.
David Anthony Durham, Acacia: The War with the Mein|She was a nightmare of beauty and menace living right there above them, a being part raptor, part human, part divine. She knew without question that she could sweep down on them and inflict upon all of them a terrible vengeance if she wished. She had the capacity for violence within her, residing beside her heart.
Peprah Boasiako|Without struggles, success would be meaningless.
Glad Munaiseche|People usualy use "move on" when their heart broke because of love. Most don't understand when father, mother, sister or brother has died, you might have needed more strength to move on. It was like living with no air.
T.A. Uner, Stone Ram|Look Fabian, the world is full of sheep, don’t settle for being a sheep, even if you do reside over those creatures, act more like a Ram.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Strength for today, overflowing grace.
Willa Cather|As he stood there lost in reflection, Auclair thought he seemed more like a man revolving plans for a new struggle with fortune than one looking back upon a life of brilliant features. The Count had the bearing of a fencer when he takes up the foil; from his shoulders to his heels there was intention and direction. His carriage was his unconscious idea of himself, -- it was an armour he put on when he took off his night-cap in the morning, and he wore it all day, at early mass, at his desk, on the march, at the Council, at his dinner-table. Even his enemies relied upon his strength.
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|When you give your weakness permission to be because you understand that it is simply an expression of your strength, it tends to no longer be a weakness.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity: A 50-Day Devotional|When we no longer have the strength to keep on walking, God will carry us. His strength is enough for you and I.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity: A 50-Day Devotional|If you're facing a season of trials, don't allow the enemy to have a field day by putting negative thoughts in your mind. Let go of stinking thinking. Instead of turning away from God in anger or confusion, run into His loving arms where He will comfort you.
Stormie Omartian, Choose Love: The Three Simple Choices That Will Alter the Course of Your Life|All the weapons of hate and cruelty cannot stand against God’s love. The spiritually blind and intentionally evil try to oppose it, but they cannot ultimately win. That’s because all creation was formed and is sustained by God
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Magick need not be a crutch, but it is hard to argue that anything you lean on in lieu of building your own strength weakens resolve.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|No one can make you 'better' emotionally, mentally, spiritually or physically. You have to find this for yourself. You have to taste that brutal moment when you're crying in a corner of the room, curled up on the floor and you think this is your end. You have to fight to stand up, literally. And you have to walk over to your reflection and scream, scream it all out. Then you have pick up your sword and fight and never quit. This is your life. Don't let those bastards win.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Write like no one is reading|The less you feed the ego, the stronger you will be.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Don’t deceive yourself; laughing at someone’s weakness is not the way to reveal your strength. Your strength is in the help you offer, not the mockeries you deliver!
Lawrence Hill|Mama is beautiful,” I said.“Mama is strong,” he said. “Beauty comes and goes. Strength, you keep forever.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes losses in life are not losses at all. They are simply the evidence God provides, in order to build a story so profound, that it will cause social change.
Shunryu Suzuki|In your very imperfections you will find the basis for your firm, way-seeking mind.
Stormy Smith, Bound by Duty|Your heart is yours to give, it is no ones to take. Not a queen. Not a prince. No one.
Human Angels, 365 Wisdom Pills|Being able to ask for helpis not a sign of weakness,it is a sign of strength.
Ahdaf Soueif, The Map of Love|There's a strength in that look, a wilfulness; one would almost call it defiance except that it is so good-humoured. It is the look a woman would wear - would have worn - if she asked a man, a stranger, say, to dance.
Ashutosh Naliapara|I don't need you, I don't need your shitty false love, I got someone more beautiful, someone more trustworthy, someone who encourages me at every damn point in my life, someone who builds me hell strong, you know who that is, that's pain, and pain loves to be loved, and it loves me back a million times greater. It don't do shit lke you, It don't break my heart, It don't give a goddamn fuck for anyone but just cares hell for me, and I love it because it'll never leave me.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Somebody becomes an enemy if you personalize the unconsciousness that is the ego. Non-reaction is not weakness but strength. Another word for non-reaction is forgiveness. To forgive is to overlook, or rather to look through. You look through the ego to the sanity that is in every human being as his or her essence.
Elizabeth George, Finding God's Path Through Your Trials: His Help for Every Difficulty You Face|Faith is not a hothouse plant that must be shielded from wind and rain, so delicate that it has to be protected, but it’s like the sturdy oak which becomes stronger with every wind that blows upon it. An easy time weakens faith, while strong trials strengthen it.
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|She was alone and destitute in a world of pointless carnage. By an eight-hundred-year-old Sepahrdic tradition she ad been since the age of twelve and a half "bogeret l'reshut nafsha"--an adult wit authority over her own soul. The Torah taught, Choose life. And so, rather than die of pride, Sofia Mendes sold what she had to sell, and she survived.
Cecilia Ekbäck, Wolf Winter|It was like Nils had said, about the little lake on the mountain that had been turned into marsh and the large one that had remained a lake. A being was either strong enough to hold their ground or they became small and bottomless and started feeding on themselves. They turned into something they never saw coming. Something they never intended.
Aaron Lee Yeager, Kharmic Rebound|Most people who idealize strength are ignorant of how it is acquired. Someone who is in constant agony does not notice a prick of the finger. Profound suffering sets a higher threshold, allowing one to bear with ease that which would have been burdensome before. If you wish to be strong, know first that this is the path of it. -The Holy Scrolls of Soeck, Seventh Binding, Thirteenth Stanza
Jared Brock, A Year of Living Prayerfully: How a Curious Traveler Met the Pope, Walked on Coals, Danced with Rabbis, and Revived His Prayer Life|Strength is gathered on the journey, not granted at the outset.
Isobelle Carmody, The Gathering|Strength without compassion is soulless and cruel. Weakness, too, has its place, for it brings understanding.
D.S. Wrights, The Beast In Me|Focus.Such a little word for such a hard thing and yet it can make things so simple, unless you break it. Like glass.Fragile on certain points with enough pressure ore carelessness, but if handled correctly, it’s useful, clear, sharp, and perfect.That’s what I will try to think about, whenever the Beast in me is not in agreement with what I am doing, or how I am behaving, when it threatens to break free, through that very same glass that separates us.I need to be exactly like this window: smooth, cool, strong, and impenetrable.Focus.
Matthew Quick, Boy21|you don’t put demands on people and you never say anything negative--ever. So many people suck the life out of everyone they’re around, but you don’t do that. You give people strength just by being you.
Jane Casey|Because of course, for every revelation of weakness, there had to be an equal and opposite show of strength.
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|I was just a girl again, but this girl didn’t owe her strength to fate or chance or a grand destiny. I’d been born with my power; the rest I’d earned.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Isn’t it time that, loving, we freed ourselves from the beloved, and, trembling, endured:as the arrow endures the bow, so as to be, in its flight, something more than itself?
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|someday we will forget the hardship, and the pain its cause us; we will realise, hurt is not the end. lessons appear to teach us strength, we learn happiness is an inside job and to cure our insanity we must not fear what is to come, but believe in what we've been taught.
Benazir Bhutto|Clearly it's not easy for women in modern society, no matter where they live. We still have to go the extra mile to prove that we are equal to men. we have to work longer hours and make more sacrifices. And we must emotionally protect ourselves from unfair, often vicious attacks made on us via the male members of our family.
Amit Kalantri|Politics doesn’t mean playing deceitful and trickery games against the people, it means playing resourceful and organized games for the people.
Isabel Quintero, Gabi, a Girl in Pieces|The way my tia looks at Raul is the way I look at Martin. He makes her happy and helps her see that she is stronger than she thought she was. It's not that he makes her stronger, but he definitely helps her see that she has been strong all along.
Seja Majeed|I fell in love with you like the stars fell in love with the sky, without you I am empty and bare.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Isn't it time that, in love, we freed ourselves from the loved one and, trembling, endured:as the arrow endures the string, collecting itselfto be more than itself as it shoots?
Stormie Omartian, The Prayer That Changes Everything: The Hidden Power of Praising God|When you live by God’s Word, your life works. When you live without God’s Word, life doesn’t work. God’s Word builds you up, feeds your soul, and gives you strength, direction, guidance, hope, encouragement, and faith. Remember that He gave you His Word so that you would know Him and the way He wants You to live.
Jim George, The Remarkable Prayers of the Bible|You must nurture a close walk with God through prayer, because humility’s strength is grounded in God.
Katherine McIntyre, Poisoned Apple|Shards flew everywhere, slicing her hands, her forearm, and cascading to the floor like snow glistening on a winter morning.
Vironika Tugaleva|There’s all this pressure in our society to be beautiful, to be strong, to be sexy. So we spend our time and money on trying to become these things. We put on the high heels, the suits, the makeup, the mask. Then, we feel more awkward than confident, so we drink away our anxieties. That doesn’t make us look any sexier – it just makes us stop caring about how we look.Everyone is beautiful. Everyone is sexy. Everyone is strong. It’s lunacy. We’re all running around trying to become something that we already are.You know what’s really sexy? A person who’s 100% comfortable with themselves. And you know what’s really funny? It is just as time consuming and difficult to learn to accept yourself as it is to pretend to be someone else. The only difference is – with self acceptance, one day, it’s not hard anymore. One day, you feel like your sexiest, strongest self just rolling out of bed in the morning.You’re either going to spend the little time you have in your life on trying to know yourself or trying to hide yourself. The choice is yours. You can’t do both.And you know what’s really amazing about choosing self-love? You’ll be setting an example for all the people around you and all the kids of the coming generation. You’ll be part of a revolution to take back the precious moments of our lives out of the hands of shame-inducing advertisers and back into the hands and hearts of real people like you, like me, like all of us.I know you’ve dreamt about changing the world. So this is your chance. Learn to love yourself, accept yourself, and unleash your strongest, sexiest self. It’s in there. You just have to believe it.
Todd Smidt|I believe that life is all about perception and timing. That good things come to those who act and that life’s about more than collecting a paycheck. I believe that the only person you’re destined to become is the one that you decide to be. That if you try hard enough you can convince yourself of anything. That having patience doesn’t make you a hero nor does it make you a doormat. I believe that not showing love proves you’re weak and belittling others doesn’t make you strong. That you are never as far away from people as the miles may suggest. That life’s too short to read awful books, listen to terrible music, or be around uninspiring people. I believe that where you start has little impact on where you finish. That sometimes the best thing you can do is walk away. That you can never be overdressed or overeducated. I believe that the cure for anything is salt water; sweat, tears, or the sea. That you should never let your memories be greater than your dreams. And that you should always choose adventure.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|It’s true what they say, that words are the true weapons. Those who fight with steel are limited to the strength of their arm, the reach of their blade, and the timing of their strike; but those who fight with persuasion know no limits – not time, nor status, nor chance.
Donna Lynn Hope|Only strong women, and they seem to be rare, can handle a frank and direct woman who doesn't sweet-talk or need others to nerve her. You can identify the easily intimidated because they need a gaggle of like-minded clones to back them up when they feign offense, which is merely a guise for their insecurity.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The vacancy in your heart doesn't connotes that nobody is seeking for the job of servicing your feelings, but because the employee must first have all the necessary credentials needed for the job.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|We're victors, remember? We're the ones who can survive anything they throw at us
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Never overestimate the strength of the torchbearer's arm, for even the strongest arms grow weary.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Sic vis pacem para bellum - if you want peace, prepare for war.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Is the invisible presence of the Christian fellowship a reality and a help to the individual? Is the Word of God close to him as a comfort and a strength? Or does he misuse his aloneness contrary to the fellowship, the Word, and the prayer? The individual must realize that his hours of aloneness react upon the community. In his solitude he can sunder and besmirch the fellowship, or he can strengthen and hallow it. Every act of self-control of the Christian is also a service to the fellowship. One who returns to the Christian family fellowship after fighting the battle of the day brings with him the blessing of his aloneness, but he himself receives anew the blessing of the fellowship. Blessed is he who is alone in the strength of the fellowship and blessed is he who keeps the fellowship in the strength of aloneness. But the strength of aloneness and the strength of the fellowship is solely the strength of the Word of God, which is addressed to the individual in the fellowship.
Chris Stewart|But Ana, how could I have been such a lousy judge of character?" I groaned."Because you don't much care to judge people's characters," she answered after a moment's thought. "It's a strength, you know, as well as weakness."It was small consolation.
Igjugarjuk|The only true wisdom lives far from mankind, out in the great loneliness, and it can be reached only through suffering. Privation and suffering alone can open the mind of man to all that is hidden to others.
Thomas Paine, Common Sense|It is not in numbers, but in unity, that our great strength lies.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|Although I felt very weak, I did not feel ill; and strength, one always fancies, is a thing that may be picked up when we please.
Melissa Marr, Ink Exchange|Getting ink felt right, like it would help her put her life in order, to move forwards. It was her body, despite the things that'd been done to it, and she wanted to claim it, to own it, to prove that to herself. She knew it wasn't magic, but the idea of writing her own identity felt like the closest she could get to reclaiming her life. Sometimes there's power in the act; sometimes there's strength in words. She wanted to find an image that represented those things she was feeling, to etch it on her skin as tangible proof of her decision to change.
Julie Andrews Edwards, The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles|If you remain calm in the midst of great chaos, it is the surest guarantee that it will eventually subside.
Tehmina Durrani, My Feudal Lord|There will be a great imbalance in our strengths if we fight, because I am prepared to die and you are desperate to live.
Miranda J. Barrett, A Woman's Truth: A Life Truly Worth Living|Much of your strength as a woman can come from the resolve to replenish and fill your own well and essence first, before taking care of others.
Robert  Herrick|Tumble me down, and I will sitUpon my ruines (smiling yet:)Teare me to tatters; yet I'le bePatient in my necessitie.Laugh at my scraps of cloathes, and shunMe, as a fear'd infection:Yet scarre-crow-like I'le walk as one,Neglecting thy derision.
Donna Lynn Hope|In a fit of anger he had said to her, "You'll always be miserable," to which she thoughtfully replied, "Is that so? It's impossible to be miserable when you've known tragedy and hardship. Both strengthen and refine a person to the point where they may have moments of grief and sadness, but misery is known only to those who have a sense of entitlement...you know, people like you.
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|I don't tell her that my grasp on truth, on words, on people, has slipped. I was getting close, so close to normal again, and that's been snatched away. I'm not even back where I started. I'm somewhere else entirely, so far off the map I don't know where to turn next.
T. Gephart, A Time for Hope|What sets you apart from everyone else is your ability to dig deep when you’ve got nothing left. When you are broken, lost, exhausted. When you want to pack it all in and call it a day. That’s when you will find your strength. Find out who you are and what you are made of. And I guarantee you that when your body gives up and you are lying in a heap, your fucking heart will carry you the rest of the way.
Unarine Ramaru|There isn't a soul in this universe with the same gifts, strength, level of intelligence and as good as yourself!
Heidi Reagan|It's a choice, it’s a bold move - disassembling the Box - and one that requires assertion, but the rewards are remarkable!!
Unarine Ramaru|The things you have are a shared effort, Gods blessings and human strength. Give thanks for the blessings in all situations.
Barbara Brooke, Glimmers|Drama entered my home last week, but I ushered it to the door and tossed it to the curb.
Sheldon K. Bass|Offering thanks and singing praises to God, compels the Lord to act in our behalf, to either calm the storm to a whisper, or to give us the strength to endure the storm. Whichever He chooses, He brings us out of our distress and into His peace." Meet Him on the Mountain pg. 138.
Elizabeth George, Finding God's Path Through Your Trials: His Help for Every Difficulty You Face|Sometimes God’s way of answering prayer is not by removing the pressure, but by increasing your strength to bear it.
Toni Sorenson|When we are needy Christ does His best work, but be warned. Someone, maybe even some well-meaning soul, is going to tell you, “Don’t worry. God will never give you more than you can handle.”I double-dog-dare you to find that in the scriptures. The closest you can come is found in 1 Corinthians 10:13: “There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.”This talks about an escape from temptation; it does not say that you will not be faced with more than you can handle. The mother whose baby is born and dies, the father who loses his eyesight in a construction accident and can no longer provide for his family, the child who hurries home from school every day hoping that his mother hasn’t yet succumbed to the cancer that he sees ravish her body day by day . . . all of these souls have more than they can handle—on their own.But with Christ as their companion on the journey through life—and only with Christ—all things are possible. Without Him, we fail no matter how far we manage on our own. We can never cross over without Christ and His all-access Atonement.
Marie Lu, Legend|In the mirror, I look the same. But I am a different person inside.I am a prodigy who knows the truth. I know exactly what I'm going to do.
Anthony Breznican, Brutal Youth|It's not enough to step in front of people's bullets; you have to be bulletproof too. You have to be harder than anything anyone else can throw at you, and sometimes you risk losing yourself just trying to save yourself.
Pinkie Numa|When you are dealing with difficulties and you feel like you don't have the strength to stand anymore, do not allow yourself to see that as a sign of weakness, it is just a sign that you are human. Allow someone who cares to be strong for you. It is easier to be strong for someone else than it is it to be strong for yourself.
|I realized that despite the fear and the bruises of life, one has to keep on fighting for one's dream. As Borges said in his writings "there is no other virtue than being brave." And one has to understand that braveness is not the absence of fear but rather the strength to keep on going forward despite the fear.
J.A. Redmerski, Reviving Izabel|She refuses to take the easy way out by accepting the get-out-of-jail-free card that I offered her. She refuses to be allowed mistakes and though I know she will still make them because she is human, she will learn faster from them than someone who chooses to accept the excuses.
Elizabeth George|Gentleness is strength under control. It is the ability to stay calm, no matter what happens.
Serina Hartwell|When its back's against the wall, even positivity will come out fighting!
Neil Strauss, Emergency: This Book Will Save Your Life|True endurance, I think, comes from the inside. It comes from motivation and belief in what you're doing.
Lailah GiftyAkita|Every one was born with a guardian angel.Guardian angels brightens our journey of life with divine love,protection,peace, healing,grace,strength and miracles.
charlotte brönte|I can live alone, if self-respect, and circumstances require me so to do.  I need not sell my soul to buy bliss.
-Shandel Slaten|Strong leaders are not the ones who do everything right. They are the ones to put a plan together, take risks, make mistakes, humbly admit their mistakes, take responsibility for failures, make necessary changes, do not fear correction, and with the trust of their followers and the team of which they were leading! -Clarity:Focusing on what matters / Week 40
Gina Ardito, Chasing Adonis|You should know by now that love is never a weakness, Ares. Love is the mortal world’s greatest strength.
Justin Weisner Starks|If sheer strength is your only contribution to war, you will ultimately be defeated.
Victoria Schwab, The Unbound|Doubt is like a current you have to swim against, one that saps your strength.
Emily Thorne|In the moment we're born, we're drawn to form a union with others. An abiding drive to connect, to love, to belong. In a perfect union, we find the strength we cannot find in ourselves. But the strength of the union cannot be known until it is tested.
Victoria Schwab, The Unbound|But the fact is, dreams catch us with our armor off.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|It takes strength to remember, it takes another kind of strength to forget, it takes a hero to do both. People who remember court madness through pain, the pain of the perpetually recurring death of their innocence; people who forget court another kind of madness, the madness of the denial of pain and the hatred of innocence; and the world is mostly divided between madmen who remember and madmen who forget. Heroes are rare.
Michael Bassey Johnson|A deep kiss can put you in an emotional state of coma, sometimes in a reckless vulnerability, we lose virginity and sanity, and maybe our bond of love becomes strong or weak.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|She reminded him that the weak will never enter the kingdom of love, which is a harsh and ungenerous kingdom,and that women give themselves only to men of resolute spirit, who provide them with the security they need in order to face life.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Strength conquers weakness through force. Weakness conquers strength through seduction,the look and feel of ease, the illusion of rest without responsibility,and the hallucination of unaccountability in general.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Weakness employs many weapons in its perpetual war against strength. True strength does not attack; it is too busy enduring attacks, and defending itself against weakness.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You don't have to be strong, because the strength is in you; it's in your DNA, in your soul and your essence.
John Jay, The Federalist Papers|It has often given my pleasure to observe, that independent America was not composed of detached and distant territories, but that one connected fertile, wide-spreading country was the portion of our western sons of liberty. Providence has in a particular manner blessed it with a variety of soils and productions, and watered it with innumerable streams, for the delight and accommodation of its inhabitants. A succession of navigable waters form a kind of chain round its borders, as if to bind them together; while the most noble rivers in the world, running at convenient distances, present them with highways for the easy communication of friendly aids, and the mutual transportation of their various ties. With equal pleasure I have as often taken notice, that Providence has been pleased to give us this one connected country to one united people -a people descended from the same ancestors, speaking the same language, professing the same religion, attached to the same principles of government, very similar in their manners and customs, and who, by they their joint counsels, arms, and efforts, fighting side by side throughout a long and bloody war, have nobly established general liberty and independence.
Carrie Jones, Entice|You know, life fractures all of us into little pieces. It harms us, but it’s how we glue those fractures back together that makes us stronger.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your suffering is here to help you unfold and to awaken into compassion, love and strength.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|In your serenity there is a clarity, strength and correctness that is beyond the petty scuffles of the moment — a greater truth. It is the truth of who you are; beautiful, calm, secure, open, willing and safe.
Elizabeth I|I know I have the body of a weak, feeble woman; but I have the heart and stomach of a king
Lisa Kogan|I believe in love. I believe it transforms, transports, and transcends. I believe it fine-tunes goodness, solidifies strength, ripens resolve, eradicates rage, alleviates stress, and elevates empathy.
Cheryl Matthynssens, The Blackguard|A man has the strength to face what he is thrown in life. If he falls or is beaten, he does not complain but gets up and rides in to face the challenge once more.
Tim Macartney-Snape|It takes strong, sound leadership, that correspondingly rare commodity, which is afflicted with neither an excess of pity nor callousness, to stand against the insipid tide of superficiality that is sweeping the world.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your pain is a divine rite of passage through which you will be reborn as a being of strength, wisdom and purpose.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Life is ever reaching for strength, vitality, survival and the fulfillment of perpetuating its inherent message of continuance.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You will not be the same after the storms of life; you will be stronger, wiser and more alive than ever before!
Diana Gabaldon, Written in My Own Heart's Blood|He reached out a long arm and drew me in, holding me close against him. I put my arms around him and felt the quiver of his muscles, exhausted, and the sheer hard strength still in him, that would hold him up, no matter how tired he might be. We stood quite still for some time, my cheek against his chest and his face against my hair, drawing strength from each other for whatever might come next. Being married.
Laurie Halse Anderson, The Impossible Knife of Memory|Until then we're going to keep making memories like this, moments when we're the only two people in the whole world. And when we get scared or lonely or confused, we'll pull out these memories and wrap them around us and they'll make us feel safe. And strong.
Susan Dennard, Strange and Ever After|I can still make a fist, and breath still burns in my chest. So look at my face. Look at my mortal soul, and remember it. You did not crush me, and you will have the rest of eternity to think on it.
Paul Gauguin, The Writings of a Savage|The self-esteem one acquires and a well-earned feeling of one's strength are the only consolation in this world. Income, after all, most brutes have that.
Anthony Liccione|We shall become, or we shall overcome.
George Matheson|Waiting with hope is very difficult, but true patience is expressed when we must even wait for hope. I will have reached the point of greatest strength once I have learned to wait for hope." George Matheson
Anonymous|Be the Kind of Woman that when Your Feet Hit the Floor Each Morning, the Devil Says, ‘Oh Crap, She’s Up!
Jonathan Rottenberg, The Depths: The Evolutionary Origins of the Depression Epidemic|Rather than assuming weakness or defectiveness, we should acknowledge that getting through depression requires considerable strength. Rather than assuming permanent debility, we should recognize that some depressions are followed by thriving.
Napoleon Hill, You Can Work Your Own Miracles|Meet struggle and master it, says nature, and you shall have strength and wisdom sufficient for all your needs.
Richard Wright, The Outsider|He lay still, his bloodshot eyes staring blankly before him, and drifted into dreams of his problems, compulsively living out dialogues, summing up emotional scenes with his mother, Dot, and his friends. Repeatedly he chided himself to go to sleep, but it did no good, for he was hungry for these waking visions that depicted his dilemmas, yet he knew that such brooding did not help; in fact he was wasting his waning strength, for into these unreal dramas he was putting the whole of his ardent being. The long hours dragged on.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If it's about the strength, every big animal can catch any mouse... but the skillful brand of the cat makes it's catch exceptional! Go, get the skills!
Anna Van Breugel|I've never believed in living for the ones you love. I believe in the power of death, I'd die for the ones that I love.
Frederick W. Robertson|Moments of prayer intruded on by sloth cannot be made up. We may get experience, but we cannot get back the rich freshness and strength which were wrapped up in those moments.
Napoleon Hill, You Can Work Your Own Miracles|Strength, both physical and spiritual, is the product of struggle!
Unknown or The Archictect from the Matrix reloaded movie|Hope. It is the quintessential human delusion, simultaneously the source of your greatest strength, and greatest weakness.
Anonymous, Deuteronomy|Your castles and strongholds shall have bars of iron and bronze, and as your day, so shall your strength, your rest and security, be.” Deuteronomy 33:25 AMP
Erin Hunter, Moonrise|Well, I am sure, for we do not achieve this by ourselves, but by the strength of StarClan within us.
Cathryn Louis|When you carry someone else's baggage, it's nearly impossible to get rid of your own. Drop it. Now.
Shannon L. Alder|People will tell you that you’re broken. Don’t believe them. They were not the person that could help you. They have not walked your path. God has got a plan to bring people into your life that have lived through a similar hell. In the end, it isn’t the number of people that are on your side. It is the people that understand what your side is that matters.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Clary saw him take Mark's hand; he pressed his witchlight into the boy's palm, where it flickered, and then resumed its steady glow. 'Take this with you,' said Jace, 'for it can be dark in the land under the hill, and the years very long.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Creation|Fire can destroy or purify, strengthen or weaken, all depending on the nature of the material being burned. Pain has the same effects on the human soul, and for the same reasons.
Marta Mrotek, Miracle in Progress: A Handbook for Holistic Recovery|Once you commit and decide that there is no turning back, you’ll find the strength.
Philip Abelson|Part of the strength of science is that it has tended to attract individuals who love knowledge and the creation of it. ... Thus, it is the communication process which is at the core of the vitality and integrity of science.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Every day, strive to refine your contagious shine, and shake the nonsense offered by those who lack the will to polish-up from within.
R.A. Salvatore|Arrogance convinced me that by sheer determination, I could conquer helplessness itself. Stubborn and foolish youth, I must admit, for when I look back on those years now, I see quite clearly that rarely did I stand alone. Always there were friends, true and dear, lending me support even when I believed I did not want it, and even when I did not realize they were doing it. ...These were the companions who justified my principles, who gave me strength to continue against any foe, real or imagined. These were the companions who fought the helplessness, the rage, and frustration. These were the friends who gave me my life.
Charles R. Swindoll, Rise & Shine: A Wake Up Call|God doesn't mock us. He never gives us a goal that we cannot accomplish in His strength. I want to assure you, you can glorify God, you MUST glorify God. But you have to determine deep within your heart that you're going to do it His way.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Do you feel like your action plans are stronger to than your capability? Just take a moment a draw a plan of how to deal with the difficult task with a single bite at each time. Go slow, but sure!
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The most important part of discernment is pinpointing the forces to be reckoned with, both the constructive and destructive.
C.E. Murphy, Hands of Flame|All thinking things fear. Sentience, perhaps, is facing that fear and conquering it rather than succumbing. A tiger will drown in a tar pit, but a man who can clear his thoughts may survive.
Steve Brunkhorst|Challenge each problem you face with purposeful thought and determined action. Resolve that 'every' situation you encounter will make you better, stronger, wiser, more skillful and more loving.
Charlotte Beers, I'd Rather Be in Charge: A Legendary Business Leader's Roadmap for Achieving Pride, Power, and Joy at Work|The men at the top aren't that great at properly assessing the women under them, certainly not enough to gauge their potential or intestinal fortitude.
Damiana, Untitled|Xavier stares past her with watery eyes. 'Why does the world feel the need to drop its weight upon my shoulders?' he barely whispers. His mother strokes his hair.'Maybe it believes you can handle it,' she tells him. 'That though it is heavy, you are strong enough to carry it.
Yara Greathouse, Unavoidable|Sometimes life is not kind, and most times we have to hurt deeply in order to find out how strong and determined we really are.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|My mother wasn't a fool," I say. "She just understood something you didn't. That it's not sacrifice if it's someone else's life you're giving away, it's just evil."I back up another step and say, "She taught me all about real sacrifice. That it should be done from love, not misplaced disgust for another person's genetics. That it should be done from necessity, not without exhausting all other options. That it should be done for people who need your strength because they don't have enough of their own. ...
Seema Gupta|Love is when unknowingly I am moving to a world of no return, Where my desire and your fragrance together burnall your thoughts in canvas of my mind and soulturns in to a masterpiece as my life's aim and goal looks I am taken over and over away by you showering in me as a rain of you and only you
José N. Harris, Mi Vida|If you take a hard look at the people in your life, you may be blown away by how many explorers and survivalists surround you. Everyday, I'm amazed by the number of people I meet, who have climbed Mt. Everest, time and time again...without ever having been to the Himalayas.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Prayer is only another name for good, clean, direct thinking. When you pray, think well what you are saying, and make your thoughts into things that are solid. In that manner, your prayer will have strength, and that strength shall become part of you, mind, body, and spirit.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Prison Poems|Who am I? They often tell me I would step from my cell's confinement calmly, cheerfully, firmly, like a squire from his country-house.Who am I? They often tell me I would talk to my warden freely and friendly and clearly, as though it were mine to command.Who am I? They also tell me I would bear the days of misfortune equably, smilingly, proudly, like one accustomed to win.Am I then really all that which other men tell of, or am I only what I know of myself, restless and longing and sick, like a bird in a cage, struggling for breath, as though hands were compressing my throat, yearning for colors, for flowers, for the voices of birds, thirsting for words of kindness, for neighborliness, trembling with anger at despotisms and petty humiliation, tossing in expectation of great events, powerlessly trembling for friends at an infinite distance, weary and empty at praying, at thinking, at making, faint and ready to say farewell to it all.Who am I? This or the other? Am I one person today, and tomorrow another? Am I both at once? A hypocrite before others, and before myself a contemptibly woebegone weakling? Or is something within me still like a beaten army, fleeing in disorder from victory already achieved?Who am I? They mock me, these lonely questions of mine.Whoever I am, Thou knowest, O God, I am thine!
Tania Elizabeth, The Tier of Eternal Grace: The Souls Cry|To be at peace, does not mean that you are amiss of every storm, it only means that you can find a calm within the storm.
Michael Joling|Even the strongest, most well-built team will, at times, be met with adversity.  What makes us great is not that we should anticipate less adversity the stronger that we become, but rather that in anticipation of adversity we become stronger.”  -Michael Joling
Kate Avery Ellison, Frost|Strength?” “Safety,” I said. And in that moment I realized that I’d always equated the two in my head, but they weren’t the same thing. Sometimes people were strongest at their most vulnerable, dangerous moments.
Joseph Campbell, A Joseph Campbell Companion: Reflections on the Art of Living|Nietzsche was the one who did the job for me. At a certain moment in his life,the idea came to him of what he called 'the love of your fate.' Whatever your fate is, whatever the hell happens, you say, 'This is what I need.' It may look like a wreck, but go at it as though it were an opportunity, a challenge. If you bring love to that moment--not discouragement--you will find the strength is there. Any disaster you can survive is an improvement in your character, your stature, and your life. What a privilege! This is when the spontaneity of your own nature will have a chance to flow.Then, when looking back at your life, you will see that the moments which seemed to be great failures followed by wreckage were the incidents that shaped the life you have now. You’ll see that this is really true. Nothing can happen to you that is not positive. Even though it looks and feels at the moment like a negative crisis, it is not. The crisis throws you back, and when you are required to exhibit strength, it comes.
Munindra Misra, Chants of Hindu Gods and Godesses in English Rhyme|My Mother - AmmaHer touch was my solace,Her smile did encourage,Her love was my strength,Her stare, I fully decant,Her care was my power,Her joy was my shower,Her anger corrected my path,Her laughter filled my heart,Her silence made me ponder,Her glare was my reminder,Her scorn corrected my track,Her embrace I never did lack.
Sarah Cross, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|It's her ability as an artist to see possibility where others see a blank page and, by extension, to see victory where others see certain defeat that truly empowers her...
John Connolly, The Infernals|It is one thing to be brave in front of others, perhaps for fear of being branded a coward and becoming diminished in their eyes, but another entirely to be brave when there is nobody to witness your courage. The latter is an elemental bravery, a strength of spirit and character.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|the power to cause pain is the only power that matters, the power to kill and destroy, because if you can't kill then you are always subject to those who can, and nothing and one will ever save you.
Tania Elizabeth, The Tier of Eternal Grace: The Moon Clearing|At times it may feel hopeless. That life is unforgiving. Breathe. In the hopelessness of life, we find hope and promise. We find strength.
A.C. Anderson|Sometimes we have to dig a little deeper, to reach a little higher.
Todd Stocker, Leading from the Gut: 3 Power Principles of Effective Leaders|Confidence is that internal alignment between what you know, what you believe and what you portray.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When the fuel is dried up in a vehicle, it stops driving automatically. You are a vehicle in the spiritual and the physical world, so you need some oil for alacrity, in order to get to your destination. The greater the quantity of your oil, the more you cover the distance, and the more you cover the distance, the closer you get to your success.
Seema Gupta|Divine love""Don't Leave me, ONLYTo carry my body on my two feet I need you
Susann Cokal, The Kingdom of Little Wounds|Fate refuses to stop at the pretty part of the tale; Fate insists on more tests of courage and wit, a terrible end, even if the heroine's heart be pure and her crime accidental.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Rise up, empower yourself and take a step. The only way to know that you still have some amount of strength in you when you fall is to attempt to rise up. However if you believe you don't have any strength, you will remain where you are!
Shannon Cutts, Beating Ana: How to Outsmart Your Eating Disorder and Take Your Life Back|Recovery itself is a very un-glamorous daily process of being willing to fall down again, to break again, to cry again, to get up and try yet again until ‘success’ manifests as ever-greater sustained healing.
Seema Gupta|Revealing of origin , evidence the existence of hidden pearls in mind which is addicted to imagine and thought as well.
C. JoyBell C.|In my life, I have but one anchor and that anchor is my God. I think if you look closely enough, you can even see it in my eyes, you'll see a strong place, an anchor. That is God.
Munindra Misra, Devi Mahatmayam in English Rhyme|Devi-Mahatmayam has special meaning for spirituality, With illumination, wisdom, strength - to freedom finally!- 150 -
Lindsey Allyson, Time Travel|I know, I know. You're a badass. The best of the best. But everyone has a weakness. Even you.
Nora Roberts, The Villa|Take a few minutes.""No. He's already had more of my time than he was entitled to."Yes, he thought as she walked out of his office. Very much like her grandmother.
Munindra Misra, PT. Kanhaiya Lal Misra - My Father|Temper is a valuable possession,Never lose it with your obsession,The best way to win a fight,- Do not be mad – it’s not right.Temper is the strength of all,Distemper – weakness and fall,Tempered steel – strong and grit,Distempered iron – weak and brit.
Priscilla Koranteng, Trails to the Stream: Poetry and Inspiration for Everyday Living|Let out your heat!Unleash your imaginationLet the burning fragrance of your unimpeachable imaginationsparkle through the morning’s you.At night, let the stoical sweat of your day ease your musclesRelax your feet.You will need them to walk again tomorrow
Marissa Meyer, Cress|I am an explorer,' she whispered, 'setting courageously off into the wild unknown.' It was not a daydream she'd ever had before, but she felt the familiar comfort of her imagination wrapping around her. She was an archeologist, a scientist, a treasure hunter. She was a master of land and sea. 'My life is an adventure.' she said, growing confident as she opened her eyes again. 'I will not be shackled to this satellite anymore.'Thorne tilted his head to one side. He waited for three heartbeats before sliding one hand down into hers. 'I have no idea what you're talking about,' he said. 'But we'll go with it.
Shannon L. Alder|People are going to come into your life, and God is going to use them to help you. To them you’re insignificant and don’t matter. They are not going to understand you, or even see the point of why God had you hang in there with them for so long. Remember this: Sometimes meeting someone has nothing to do with what you can provide for him or her and everything to do with what God needs you to recognize in that person. If you didn’t understand the message, God will keep sending the same person or situation into your life.
Gary   Hopkins|Chances are no matter how bad your troubles seem to be, someone somewhere, with less resilience, has successfully conquered a more severe version of your problems.
Nick Shamhart|Any coward can instill fear. It's easy to scare people, but having the strength to make them feel safe? Now that's power.
Howard Gardner, Intelligence Reframed: Multiple Intelligences for the 21st Century|While we may continue to use the wordssmart and stupid, and while IQ tests may persist for certain purposes, the monopolyof those who believe in a single general intelligence has come to an end. Brain scientists and geneticists are documentingthe incredible differentiation of human capacities, computer programmers are creating systems that are intelligent in different ways, and educators are freshly acknowledging that their students have distinctive strengths and weaknesses.
Anne Sexton|We were fair game but we have kept out of the cesspool. We are strong. We are the good ones. Do not discover us for we lie together all in green like pond weeds. Hold me, my young dear, hold me.
Lucy Grealy, Autobiography of a Face|Life in general was cruel and offered only different types of voids and chaos. The only way to tolerate it, to have any hope of escaping it, I reasoned, was to know my own strength, to defy life by surviving it.
Anthony Liccione|The American flag doesn't give her glory on a peaceful, calm day. It's when the winds pick up and become boisterous, do we see her strength. When she unfolds her hand, and shows her frayed fingers, where we see the stretch of red-blood lines of man that fought for this land. The purity of white stripes that strips our sins, and the stars of Abraham's covenant, broad in a midnight blue sky. The rights our forefathers established. As it waves high in the currents of freedom, where the Torch of Liberty shines over the sea, does she give meaning to unity. When we strive as one nation, or when it drops half-mast, to a fallen soldier.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|Father, be near as we are surrounded by this cloud of deep suffering. Open our eyes to see that you are all things, the light and the darkness, not only those things that seem good in our eyes, but the horrifying unexplainable. Wrap us up inside of the cloud and reveal the mysteries that can only be learned in places of sorrow, that when we walk out we will be as Moses, transformed by the shadow and beaming with the radiant light of your glory. Give us the strength to love on, though our hearts are broken.
Shannon L. Alder|Live vertically, not horizontally.
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|I was supposed to be powerless, and as a result they failed to see that I possessed claws.
Michelle Carithers|Will my future faith be dominated by past demons? Will my unlimited possibilities give way to my limited territory?"Read more in A Daughter's Worth Novel
Nora Roberts|Family’s the luck of the draw, Lena. What you make of yourself, because of or despite it, that’s where the spine and heart come in.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Bad habits are like comfort zones; easier to get into, but harder to get out of.
Zoe Rosenberg|Courage is meant to be strong, while fear is meant to be broken
Cassandra Clare, The Last Stand of the New York Institute|But Jocelyn Morgenstern was not the kind of woman who wept, not the kind of woman who broke, or Valentine would have broken her long since.
C.J. Redwine, Deception|Let Ian laugh. Let him believe pain will ruin me. I know better. I've already been ruined once, and I know how to rise from the ashes. I know how to find my broken pieces.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It is ironic that constructive thinkers are often misunderstood as negative, as they differ from those longing for positivity: constructive thinkers have been conditioned to find positive in negative rather than suffering from the negative in negative. Or as Paul the Apostle wrote, 'I have learned the secret to contentment in any and every circumstance.' He was right. Indeed the Lord is our strength, especially under the commandment to love one another. Otherwise we are nothing and easily thrown about by both our own and other people's mind control in a painful, mental, physical desperation to run from every thought, every thing, and every one not seeming so positive or immediately beneficial to us.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Summer is the time for squabbles. In winter, we must protect one another, keep each other warm, share our strengths.
Richmond Akhigbe|When everything has gone down, God wants youto look up
Philippe Petit, Man on Wire|It's impossible, that's for sure. So let's start working.
Roopleen|The height of your achievements is determined by the depth of your self-belief, the strength of your resolve and the intensity of your efforts.
Annie Johnson Flint|Deep the waves may be and cold, But Jehovah is our refuge, And His promise is our hold; For the Lord Himself hath said it, He, the faithful God and true: "When thou comest to the waters Thou shalt not go down, BUT THROUGH." Seas of sorrow, seas of trial, Bitterest anguish, fiercest pain, Rolling surges of temptation Sweeping over heart and brain They shall never overflow us For we know His word is true; All His waves and all His billows He will lead us safely through. Threatening breakers of destruction, Doubt's insidious undertow, Shall not sink us, shall not drag us Out to ocean depths of woe; For His promise shall sustain us, Praise the Lord, whose Word is true! We shall not go down, or under, For He saith, "Thou passest THROUGH
Joni Eareckson Tada|There is this fine line between presenting to You all of my weakness and thinking that it can't be done. In Your strength, I find my own.
Daniel Habil|Life is like a game if you fail try again until you master and accomplish, but remember if you accomplish it glorify God who created you and gives you strength.
Michael Rowe, Wild Fell|But you need to make sure that the last thing you remember about today isn't that you fell down, it's that you got back up again. That's what we do when bad things happen to us.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have. It doesn't empty tomorrow of its sorrow, just empties today of its strength.
Meredith T. Taylor, Churning Waters (The Churning Waters Saga)|William is the most skilled protector that I have ever seen. He is the best." Determination began to swell inside of me. "Then I will have to be better." Margo Westly
Kat Von D., Go Big or Go Home: Taking Risks in Life, Love, and Tattooing|Strength doesn't necessarily come from resisting fear, weakness, or any other feeling and overcoming it. Strength comes from looking at those things straight on--and accepting them as they really are.
Nancy Astor the Viscountess Astor|My vigour, vitality, and cheek repel me. I am the kind of woman I would run from.
Kat Von D., Go Big or Go Home: Taking Risks in Life, Love, and Tattooing|To me, the haircut represented beauty and strength, that I was a woman who would live her life without the boundaries imposed upon her by other people.
Leigh Hershkovich|Being a part of the world in a healthy, mindful, present sense means learning to have complete faith that things will work out. Living in this world means that instead of cowering away, or giving up when the going gets a bit tough, get up and keep going. You’re not here merely to survive or fight your way through the world.
Joel Barlow, The Columbiad|Almighty Freedom! give my venturous songThe force, the charm that to thy voice belong;Tis thine to shape my course, to light my way,To nerve my country with the patriot lay,To teach all men where all their interest lies,How rulers may be just and nations wise:Strong in thy strength I bend no suppliant knee,Invoke no miracle, no Muse but thee.
C. JoyBell C.|The power of the Will in a man, is favoured by the Heavens. The man who sets his Heart and Word onto something, and says "I will" no matter what obstacle is placed in his way— joins the ranks of the demi-gods. All else remain in mortality and are soon forgotten.
Ava Ayers, Pretty Hate|That I’ve horrified many flight attendants across the globe with my oft-thought morbid ritual of listening to Tuesday’s Gone as we fly through the sky is not my concern. My declaration evident, my truth now burns: there is no preordained destiny to battle, I thumb my nose at fate. I am a warrior. The rules don’t apply.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Your emotions will wander like a vagabond when you're indebted. Those happy moments with friends will soon be interrupted with a frowning creditor in your sub-conscious, and all your frenzy will be taken aback.
Blanche Wiesen Cook, Eleanor Roosevelt, Vol 1, 1884-1933|And even when success comes, as I am sure it will, bear in mind that there are more quiet and enviable joys than to be among the most sought after women at a ball...
Zoe Rosenberg|If one lied, or put you down, don't mourn don't grieve, for why do you care, you don't want to be friends with the mean.
L.M. Fields|Trolls must continually feed their bottomless need, so be strong and patiently wait out their fires of hatred for eventually they eat their own.
v filipa ketteridge|Quite often you look for answers and strength in friends (supposed 2b) around you, without realizing All the true strength and honest answers come from within!!!
Leigh Hershkovich|Don’t give up on yourself. It’s incredibly cliche, but it’s true. The worst is yet to come if you give up on yourself. Hold yourself in high regard, and know that, though the ride may be bumpy and uncomfortable, there is a silver lining. You have to be able to see the good things in all that happens to you.
Christine Upton|The Storms of This LifeWatching the distant clouds building and growing forevermoreThe harsh wind begins rushing thru the leaves with the branches bending to and froIn the attempts to not give in again I'm standing firm on all that I knowAnd extending out my hand reaching beyond the heavens aboveGrasping for His strength to hold on, along with the endurance to make it thruPraying that the ground beneath me will not erode nor engulf all that I love
Marie Lu, Champion|So, when I thought June might take you away, I didn’t know what to do. I felt like she was taking everything that mattered to me. I felt like she was taking away from you all the things that I didn’t have. That’s why I’m sorry. I’m sorry because you shouldn’t have to be everything to me. I had you, but I’d forgotten that I had myself too.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|And this is what being an artist means, being a poet? To sacrifice yourself for your art, sacrifice your heart for your art, because it’s only through something broken that something beautiful can grow.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Every time I watch a person awaken to their inner strength, I see what we’re made of, and we’re magnificent. We’re brilliant. We really are. We crave magic because we are magic. We crave power because we are pure power.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|It was not my strength that wanted nursing, it was my imagination that wanted soothing.
Elissa Wall, Stolen Innocence: My Story of Growing Up in a Polygamous Sect, Becoming a Teenage Bride, and Breaking Free of Warren Jeffs|In the end, He's the only reason that I made it. Sometimes that's the only thing we have. Whether you call it God, or hope, or faith -whatever word you use- the fact is, I couldn't have survived if I hadn't believed in something. It was the one part of me that neither Warren nor Allen could touch, and no matter what happens, as long as I have that, I've won.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Lord, whatsoever this day may bring, Thy name be praised. Be gracious unto me and help me. Grant me strength to bear whatsoever Thou dost send, And let not fear overrule me. I trust Thy grace, and commit my life wholly into Thy Hands. Whether I live or whether I die, I am with Thee and Thou are with me … Lord, I wait for Thy salvation, and for the coming of Thy Kingdom. Amen.
Elizabeth George, Beautiful in God's Eyes: The Treasures of the Proverbs 31 Woman|Just as mental toughness and physical energy are the primary traits of an army, they also mark God's beautiful woman.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|At times everything grows misty and dark before my eyes, and I feel that the strength of my whole body is oozing away through my finger tips.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Conduct of Life: A Philosophical Reading|The alleged power to charm down insanity, or ferocity in beasts, is a power behind the eye.
Jim George, A Husband After God's Own Heart|No matter how old you are or how long--or short!--you've been married, the day you accelerate your growth in the Lord is the day your marriage is positively impacted, improved, and strengthened!
Anthony Liccione|Keep me heaven my soul has holes, leaking good morals, I once had control over dark matters of the world, give me courage and strength for my Lord, and sew the holes that hold you near. Keep me heaven my soul has holes.
Gisela Hausmann "Naked Determination 41 Stories About Overcoming Fear"|While one can love an irresponsible friend or a person with character flaws, alliances are built on respect, the responsibilities which arise out of that and knowing that together we can be stronger.
Jad Alhadad|The Days tried to put inside me " weakness ..." .. But my soul will always beat " strength".
Jim George, A Leader After God's Own Heart: 15 Ways to Lead with Strength|Since God is with you and you are with God, you have nothing to fear!
Rose Wynters, Voluptuous Vindication|I just hope I'm around long enough to see it through.” Sara said, looking uncertain.“All of us wonder that, at some point or another,” Arch replied cryptically. “It's your destiny, and all of fate is aligning to see it come to pass. This next thirty days won't be easy. Hell is sending out its best fighters, and I'm sending out one of mine. I have faith that he will see you through.
Elizabeth George, Beautiful in God's Eyes: The Treasures of the Proverbs 31 Woman|This virtuous and very industrious woman needs physical strength and ability to do the work of her life, the work of love.
Shannon L. Alder|If you want your prayers answered, you get off your knees and do the one thing you’re praying someone else will do for you.
Montesquieu, Persian Letters|In vain do we seek tranquility in the desert; temptations are always with us; our passions, represented by the demons, never let us alone: those monsters created by the heart, those illusions produced by the mind, those vain specters that are our errors and our lies always appear before us to seduce us; they attack us even in our fasting or our mortifications, in other words, in our very strength.
Wangari Maathai|Finally I was able to see that if I had a contribution I wanted to make, I must do it, despite what others said. That I was OK the way I was. That it was all right to be strong.
Joseph F. Girzone, My Struggle with Faith|I learned that I was never alone, that there was Someone always very close by and, indeed, within me, giving me strength in times of weakness and desolation, light in times of darkness, joy in times of great sorrow and pain, and the will to struggle on when continuing seemed futile.
Natasha Ngan, The Elites|And what some people don't understand was that bleeding wasn't a sign of weakness; it was a sign of strength. It demonstrated to the world that you were vulnerable and ordinary, but when you wanted something enough, and fought hard for it, you were capable of doing extraordinary things.
Kate Forsyth, Bitter Greens|The world is a cruel place, Petrosinella, and it wounds the weak.
Harry W. Kroto|The humanitarian philosophies that have been developed (sometimes under some religious banner and invariably in the face of religious opposition) are human inventions, as the name implies - and our species deserves the credit. I am a devout atheist - nothing else makes any sense to me and I must admit to being bewildered by those, who in the face of what appears so obvious, still believe in a mystical creator. However I can see that the promise of infinite immortality is a more palatable proposition than the absolute certainty of finite mortality which those of us who are subject to free thought (as opposed to free will) have to look forward to and many may not have the strength of character to accept it.Thus I am a supporter of Amnesty International, a humanist and an atheist. I believe in a secular, democratic society in which women and men have total equality, and individuals can pursue their lives as they wish, free of constraints - religious or otherwise. I feel that the difficult ethical and social problems which invariably arise must be solved, as best they can, by discussion and am opposed to the crude simplistic application of dogmatic rules invented in past millennia and ascribed to a plethora of mystical creators - or the latest invention; a single creator masquerading under a plethora of pseudonyms. Organisations which seek political influence by co-ordinated effort disturb me and thus I believe religious and related pressure groups which operate in this way are acting antidemocratically and should play no part in politics. I also have problems with those who preach racist and related ideologies which seem almost indistinguishable from nationalism, patriotism and religious conviction.
Angelo Dirks, Seven Dogs in Heaven|Friendship love. This is a very special thing. It’s the sort of love where you know another being’s strengths and weaknesses, perfections and imperfections, and you love the whole package.
Lee Smith, On Agate Hill|If Strength comes through Suffering, why then I should be the strongest of all women, yet I am the weakest. God help me. Help me.
Eman Farouk|Break a bone..and as the broken part heals it becomes the strongest part in it....get hit by a virus, survive that and "supposedly" it can never get u again... observe how ur skin that gets rubbed on a surface often becomes thicker and more rough with time ....remember how naive you were before and with each incident and accident with people that you've had ..it brought you to the "knowing better" person you are now............you cant be stronger..if life doesn't try you every now and then ....and after each trial..it promises a stronger more immune version of you
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|She needs you for more than just protection. It's how it works. You want the strong girl, you understand that she's with you because she wants to be. Not because she has to be. You know that, right?
Gherman Titov|Some say God is living there [in space]. I was looking around very attentively, but I did not see anyone there. I did not detect either angels or gods....I don't believe in God. I believe in man - his strength, his possibilities, his reason.
S.L. Jennings, Dark Light|So many years of being lonely and discounted, no one ever truly seeing me, the person that I really am. The Gabriella I so desperately wanted to be. Yet somehow he broke through the walls and barriers and penetrated my frail, dejected heart. He loves me for all that I am and what I will become, even though it scares us both to death. He accepts the darkest parts of me and doesn't try to change me, in all my shattered complexity. Meeting him has given this facade of my life new meaning. He's given me purpose, strength. He's given me love. Dorian has given me everything and, in turn, is everything to me. Designed by the Divine Power especially for me.
John Paul Jones|If fear is cultivated it will become stronger, if faith is cultivated it will achieve mastery.
Temitope Owosela|I am a strong individual that may seem weak; but, my strength is in my ability to stay in the fight and sure my enemies that I can take the punches; and, still stay strong in my weakness. Because within time God will turn my weak persona to my strength. I will be able to show myself and others that being strong in a weak persona is a sign of humility.
Shane Rainey|If you can get life outta love, you should die trying to get love outta life.
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|I always am in a role, lovely – for you, for them – even for myself. Yeah... Even when I’m alone, I am still in a role – and I myself am the most exacting audience I have ever had.
Zeena Schreck|Always remember, wherever you are, whether near or far, you had a mother who really, really loved you. The original mother. Once you've found your true inner guru you can never again be divided. Perfect union with the divine, through the grace of your real teacher, transcends time, space, death and all worldly limitations. Your real teacher is the original mother - regardless in which manifest or non-manifest form, or gender, she appears. The one who nurtures you and the one who also, out of wisdom and compassion, corrects you if you are misguided.
Christian D. Larson|The true purpose of the strong is to promote greater strength in the weak, and not to keep the weak in that state where they are at the mercy of the strong.
Christian D. Larson|The man who never weakens when things are against him will grow stronger and stronger until all things will delight to be for him. He will finally have all the strength he may desire or need. Be always strong and you will always be stronger.Picture in your mind your own best idea of what a strong, well-developed individuality would necessarily be, and then think of yourself as becoming more and more like that picture. In this connection it is well to remember that we gradually grow into the likeness of that which we think of the most. Therefore, if you have a very clear idea of a highly developed individuality, and think a great deal of that individuality with a strong, positive desire to develop such an individuality, you will gradually and surely move towards that lofty ideal.
Terry Goodkind, Confessor|Nicci looked up at Kahlan. “Knives are not my talent.” “It’s not hard,” Kahlan said as she pressed the handle into Nicci’s hand. “When the time is right, just stick the pointed end somewhere important in someone you really don’t like.
Diane Von Furstenberg|I’ve never met a woman who is not strong, but sometimes they don’t let it out. Then there’s a tragedy, and then all of a sudden that strength comes. My message is let the strength come out before the tragedy.
Heather Day Gilbert, God's Daughter|I'm not surprised he wants to challenge me here, where no one can protect me. He thinks I'm a weak woman. He thinks wrong.
André Gide|I intend to bring you strength, joy, courage, perspicacity, defiance.
Hope Alcocer|It’s called an inner voice for a reason. It’s the gnawing feeling inside your stomach telling you yes or no. It’s the one voice in your life that isn’t tampered by other’s biased opinions, scars, feelings or thoughts. Go with it, you know yourself better than anyone ever does.
Rachel Van Dyken|When I met you — somehow you healed me. From the inside out, the outside in. We conquered fears together, we learned, we laughed, and we loved. I swear, you caused my heart to soar more in the past few months than it has in my entire existence. My heart is whole because you chose to share yours with me, and it’s for that reason that I get down on not one, but both knees…” I knelt in front of her and gripped her hand. “And say thank you. Thank you for saving my life, thank you for loving me enough to treasure your own, and thank you for being my strength when I had none. I’d like to think our hearts are joined — forever entwined — but considering that’s not technically a legal joining, I have a question for youMarry me? Make me the happiest man alive.” I opened the box revealing my mom’s ring.
Jaeda DeWalt|For years, i lived my life, waiting for the other shoe to drop... i thought control was something i could have over my life. My goal was to live life, in such a way, that i would never again have to suffer any form of trauma or abuse that would remind me of my painful past. I was living life on a tightrope of tension. I was only happy when things went smoothly and came apart at the seams when i was thrown a curveball.NOW, i realize, that the key to happiness is surrendering to the illusion of control. And to trust that, no matter what happens to me, i have the infinite inner-wisdom and strength to find my way through.
J.B. McGee, Skipping Stones|His lips brush my ear as his voice causes my body to come to attention. “If the night never ends, then there’s never a new day … and with a new day comes renewed hope, light.
Dianna Hardy, The Last Dragon|One thing I’ve learnt about humans: you can’t judge their strength by the size of their actions, but by the devotion of an act, no matter how small.
Anamika Mishra|Fate lies in our hands, its just that we need to be brave enough to read it & desire enough to change it
George MacDonald, The Marquis' Secret|It is just the old way--that of obedience. If you have ever seen the Lord, if only from afar--if you have any vaguest suspicion that the Jew Jesus, who professed to have come from God, was a better man, a different man--one of your first duties must be to open your ears to His words and see whether they seem to you to be true. Then, if they do, to obey them with your whole strength and might. This is the way of life, which will lead a man out of its miseries into life indeed.
Israelmore Ayivor|I can do ALL THINGS through Christ who empowers, enriches, equips, enlightens, energizes, recreates, revives, promotes, strengthens, purifies, sponsors, and prepares me! Yes, I can... ALL THINGS, I can!
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|The greatest battle you must undertake, the foremost battle you must wage, the most important battle that there is, is the battle of courage versus fear – and there can be only one victor – that victor must be you and courage, or it shall be the dark side and death.
Naoyuki Ochiai, Syndrome 1866 Vol. 4|Those who are not free to live as they choose are second class citizens. The weak will lose everything to the strong, even their lives.
Code of Hammurabi 1772 B.C.|Then Anu and Bel called by name me, Hammurabi, the exalted prince, who feared God, to bring about the rule of righteousness in the land, to destroy the wicked and the evil-doers; so that the strong should not harm the weak.
Patrick Carman, Stargazer|My strength was returning as we went on. It occurred to me then that it was in times of struggle that I found the best parts of myself-courage, loyalty, an unexpected peace- and I always discovered what I needed to break through and go on.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Too much work will create too much motivation for the strong, and a big collapse for the weak! Strength gets great strength from the challenges!
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|I'd think, maybe he truly is something extraordinary. He's what he is, that's it. Maybe that makes him strong enough, being what he is.
Jenni Rivera, Unbreakable: My Story, My Way|I vowed that I would never tell anyone of my shame. They say that when you kept a secret, it eats you up inside, but I felt it was better that way. I wanted to appear strong in front of my children and my family. I didn't want anybody to know. And I would maintain my persona as Jenni, the Rivera Rebel who had never lost a fight. But deep down inside I knew I had lost a piece of myself that I would never recover. My soul had been shattered, but to the outside world I did just as I had been taught since I was a little girl; I kept my head up and continued forward. It is, after all, the Rivera way.
Adeline Yen Mah, Chinese Cinderella: The True Story of an Unwanted Daughter|That’s exactly what I’ll do, I thought to myself. After dinner, I’m going to ask BigBrother to teach me how to read this map. With Aunt Baba still in Tianjin, there’sobviously nobody looking out for me. I’ll just have to find my own way.
Israelmore Ayivor|The strength of your obstacle determines the weight of your potentials. The greater your potentials, the heavier your dunamis power must be.
Fela Durotoye|A nation is not defined by its borders or the boundaries of its land mass Rather, a nation is defined by adverse people who have been unified by a cause and a value system and who are committed to a vision for the type of society they wish to live in and give to the future generations to come.
Laura Florand, The Chocolate Touch|A man's strength was supposed to be against the outside world: to fight it back from himself and those he took under his protection: his wife, his children, and for a man strong enough, more people still, people like his employees. To turn it inward, against the very people you had been given that strength to protect, because you couldn't deal with the outward fight, was the ultimate weakness.
Isabella MacDonald Alden, Chrissy's Endeavor|Do not lower the standard or cater to the worldly laxness of the average Christian by making the way in easy. Make sure that everyone who joins fully understands his duties and obligations and is willing, in Christ's strength, to undertake them.
Zeena Schreck|We all have vices, visible and invisible. Some we deliberately keep secret. Others we don’t even realize or we refuse to admit we have…Vices can be lots of fun, or they can turn your life into a living hell. Accept them for what they are, just another aspect of the mind’s creation, and you can enjoy them—if you choose—without being broken by them.- Zeena Schreck for VICE Magazine
Lindsay Chamberlin|In order to move forward, you will have to stumble along the way, but every falter in your stride just makes your next step even stronger.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Castle on the Hill|...whatever happens I'll not be afraid again; for, when you've once pushed through the place of torment to the peace beyond, you know that you can do it again. You know there's a strength somewhere that you can call upon. You've confidence.
Lindsay Chamberlin|Realize your strengths, accept your weaknesses, but never become someone you don't recognize.
Israelmore Ayivor|You know how the Eclipse of the sun shows it? Christ's strength eclipses your powerlessness in God's likeness, and there is total darkness on your weakness.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Strength, strength is what I need; nothing can be done without strength; and strength must be gained by strength.
Ellen J. Barrier|When we help others to perform at the highest level of their potential, we receive something of value; our character is strengthened.
Ellen J. Barrier|The tough challenges we encounters, makes us stronger, and wiser. With each victory we gain something of value; our character is strengthened.
Ellen J. Barrier|I believe challenges are God's way of strengthening us mentally and spiritually, and yes, physically. After having won each challenge that confronted us, we are wiser and stronger.
Fela Durotoye|Withheld potential is a "CRIME TO HUMANITY
Mumford & Sons|So I'll be bold, as well as strong, and use my head alongside my heart.
Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones|From my weakness, I drew strength that never left me.
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|Most of us, I believe, admire strength. It's something we tend to respect in others, desire for ourselves, and wish for our children. Sometimes, though, I wonder if we confuse strength with other words—like 'aggression' and even 'violence'. Real strength is neither male nor female; but it is, quite simply, one of the finest characteristics that a human being can possess.
D. Love, Today Only|What I want from you is simple. I want today only.If it’s laughter, I want it. If it’s pain, I want it.Whatever today holds, as long as the day holds you, I want it.I want today only.
James Gavin|Among leaders who have made the greatest impact through ages, I would consider Muhammad before Jesus Christ.
Tara Brach, Radical Acceptance: Embracing Your Life With the Heart of a Buddha|In bullfighting there is an interesting parallel to the pause as a place of refuge and renewal. It is believed that in the midst of a fight, a bull can find his own particular area of safety in the arena. There he can reclaim his strength and power. This place and inner state are called his querencia. As long as the bull remains enraged and reactive, the matador is in charge. Yet when he finds his querencia, he gathers his strength and loses his fear. From the matador's perspective, at this point the bull is truly dangerous, for he has tapped into his power.
Lee  Goff|The prideful man qualifies himself by what people think of him, always looking for applause. There is another proud man; head bloodied by the world but eyes focused on what is good, never caring about spectators or the cost. He is proud that his wife can laugh, that his children can play, humbled by their love for him. His prayers say, "Please make me worthy of them" - In humility lies the foundation of strength.
V. Pain, Hear Me Roar|Never let kindness be your weakness, never let your weaknesses be your downfal
Jen Stephens, The Heart's Journey Home|Life is a race, and what matters most isn't when a person crosses the finish line, but how strong they've grown along the way.
Matchbox 20|We know the end is overrated, we'll become the walls we raise. We don't believe enough, but we still care.
Lee  Goff|I want to listen to accomplished women scarred by sexism that still walk in elegance and kindness; hear powerful men that have a heart to serve. I want to talk to the brokenhearted that still believe in love; I want to listen to people that laugh even when they hurt. You live God's grace without even knowing it and to me, you're the best of all of us.
Thomas King, The Inconvenient Indian: A Curious Account of Native People in North America|The yard consisted of grass and a Russian Olive tree, which was about the only kind of tree able to survive on the high prairies. Its thin, grey leaves made it look as though it were on the verge of dying, thereby fooling the elements and the bad weather into thinking that they didn't have to bother with something so spindly and bent, something so obviously on its last legs.
Antony John, Five Flavors of Dumb|...bands fall out. But at the end of the day, they're like family. You get back together because you have to, because you're stronger together than you are apart.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Nothing could add to the horror of hell, except the presence of its creator, God. While I have life, as long as I draw breath, I shall deny with all my strength, and hate with every drop of my blood, this infinite lie.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|They did not suspect her for a moment. It did not occur to them that a woman could be dangerous. How foolish they were. Women could do most of the things men did. Who was left in charge when the men were fighting wars, or going on crusades? There were women carpenters, dyers, tanners, bakers and brewers.
Jennie L. Hopkins|Life is too short not to show your truest form EVERY day... Live it, Like it, Love it and then push for more ~~
Treasure Blue, Fly Betty|God gave man the strength to conquer the world, but God gave woman a vagina to conquer man
George MacDonald, Phantastes|...[T]wo of you can be no match for the three giants, I will find you, if I can, a third brother, who will take on himself the third share of the fight, and the preparation...I will show him to you in a glass, and, when he comes, you will know him at once. If he will share your endeavors, you must teach him all you know, and he will repay you well, in present song, and in future deeds.'She opened the door of a curious old cabinet that stood in the room. On the inside of this door was an oval convex mirror...we at length saw reflected the place where we stood, and the old dame seated in her chair...at the feet of the dame lay a young man...weeping.'Surely this youth will not serve our ends,' said I, 'for he weeps.'The old woman smiled. 'Past tears are present strength,'said she.
Stephen Fry, The Hippopotamus|[his healing skills] ..lay in the ability to comfort, to comfort in the proper sense, to make strong, to fortify
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|There is strength in numbers, yes, but even more so in collective good will. For those endeavors are supported by mighty forces unseen.
Michelle Horst, Visions and Shadows|I might not be physically strong.But I do believe that to survive, I need to be strong-willed.Which is more important in life?
Denise Domning, Winter's Heat|To take command, one must first create the illusion that command is already yours.
Victoria Addino|Those of you who are convinced that you missed your calling, open all doors keep the entrance way clear. This way you will not miss that next call.
Kiiro Yumi, Library Wars: Love & War, Vol. 8|You may think you know someone very well. But there'll always be parts you can't see. Sometimes she'll look weak, but she is hiding her strength. Sometimes she'll seem strong... and yet she's so fragile on the inside.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|If there's any guy crazy enough to attack me, I'm going to show him the end of the world -- close up. I'm going to let him see the kingdom come with his own eyes. I'm going to send him straight to the southern hemisphere and let the ashes of death rain all over him and the kangaroos and the wallabies.
Jay Woodman|We have the greatest power through love that can be known. It overcomes everything with its fierce and steady truth, if you can continue to stand in it.You can call love to you, directly from the original stream of consciousness, anytime you feel weak or fearful, and you will be given strength and courage.You can call love to you, directly from the original stream of consciousness, anytime you feel sad or alone, and you will feel embraced and comforted.Call love to you if you feel vulnerable. Feel its purity come to you from the universe and flow round you like a miraculous mother cradling its innocent child.Breathe love in. Say to yourself as you breathe deeply “I love. I am loved.” Say it over and over as you breathe it into yourself and out to the universe, until you really feel and believe that you ARE LOVE.Feel love pour into your lungs as you breathe. Feel it circulate round your body to fill every organ, every limb, and every cell. Vibrate with its radiance, and share it.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|I respect the hell out of her for how hard she’s working to be okay. I just wish she’d let me show her how to let go, how to let herself hurt. I want to take her pain.
Veronica Rossi, Through the Ever Night| Then he told Perry that love was like the waves in the sea, gentle and good sometimes, rough and terrible at others, but that it was endless and stronger than the sky and the earth and everything in between.
Francis de Sales|The same Everlasting Father who cares for you today will take care of you tomorrow and every day of your life. Either He will shield you from suffering, or He will give you unfailing strength to bear it. Be at peace then, and put aside all anxious thoughts.
Ryohgo Narita, Durarara!! Saika Arc, Vol. 1|Shizuo Heiwajima, the strongest man in Ikebukuro: "I just want the ability to control myself. That's the kind of strength I want.
Chuck Black, Kingdom's Call|I do not need the strength of your arm to make a knight of you, Gavin. All I need is your heart, and that you have given,' the Prince said.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|Hot heart-blood leaked from my face. From my eyes and my nose and my mouth. Not tears, because those would never stop. This was just liquid heartbreak seeping from my pores.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Cultivate clarity, strength, vitality and power from natural, beautiful and organic living foods.
José Rizal, Liham para sa Kababaihan ng Malolos|....let her be loved not only for her beauty and amiable character, but also for her strength of mind and loftiness of purpose, which enliven and raise the feeble and the timid and ward off all vain thoughts. Let her be the pride of her country and let her command respect.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We need to begin to see hyper-masculinity as the disorder it is, and not as a strength.
Rosanna Leo, Up In Flames|God Lord, give me strength. Please keep the local firefighters away from me. Keep me out of the path of hardened abs and tall men in uniform, for they are bastards, one and all. Amen
José Rizal|One should remember that where nobody flees, there is no pursuer: that where there are no little fish, there can be no big ones. Why does the girl not require her lover a noble and honoured name, a manly heart to protect her weakness, and a resolute spirit which will not be satisfied with engendering slaves? Let her discard all fear, behave nobly and yield not her youth to the weak and faint-hearted.
Carla Cassidy, A Profiler's Case for Seduction|I wish I would have been there for you.” He finally found his voice. “I wish I would have been there to beat up all the children who bullied you, to shoot your father dead the first time he broke one of your bones. I wish I would have been there to sweep you out of town and save you from the horrors you went through.”Her eyes widened in surprise and then immediately narrowed as she shook her head. “I didn’t need to have a hero in my life, Mark. I needed to figure out how to be my own hero. I took the easy way out. I allowed small-town people to label me and then I did my very best to live up to the label they’d provided. It’s taken me thirty-seven years to realize I don’t need a hero. I’m all I need and I’m strong enough to build the rest of my life alone.
Steve Goodier|We are stronger than we think. We have emotional, spiritual and even physical resources at our disposal. We may get knocked down, but we don’t have to stay down.
Shane L. Koyczan|I you can't see anything beautiful about yourself, get a better mirror. Look a little closer, stare a little longer. Because there is something inside you that made you keep trying despite everyone who told you to quit. You built a cast around your broken heart and signed it yourself, you signed it THEY WERE WRONG.
Reki Kawahara|Levels are just numbers. In this world, strength is just an illusion. There are more important things -Kirito
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|On some such night as this she remembered promising to herself to live as brave and noble a life as any heroine she ever read or heard of in romance, a life sans peur et sans reproche; it had seemed to her then that she had only to will, and such a life would be accomplished. And now she had learnt that not only to will, but also to pray, was a necessary condition in the truly heroic. Trusting to herself, she had fallen.
Brandon Mull, Chasing the Prophecy|You’re free to dream however you wish,” Nollin teased. “But don’t ask the rest of us to share your unrealistic—”“Then don’t ask us to share your weakness!” Jason interrupted.
Terry Pratchett, The Long Earth|I don’t think it's weak to admit you made a mistake. That takes strength, if you ask me.
Rebecca Donovan, Reason to Breathe|His strength kept me moving forward, and it was also tearing me apart.
Israelmore Ayivor|Believers are achievers, therefore believe and achieve!•	Believe that you are responsible for your own accomplishments God deposited in you!•	Believe that success is not luck; it is the result a deliberate effort to do a hard work!•	Believe that prayer works through faith and action!•	Believe that great people took great steps. Weak people took weak steps!•	Believe that you can do all things through Christ who strengthens you!
Farid ud-Din Attar, The Conference of the Birds|If you will but aspireYou will attain to all that you desire.Before an atom of such need the SunSeems dim and mirky by comparison.It is life's strength, the wings by which we flyBeyond the further reaches of the sky.
Leo Tolstoy|God gave the day, God gave the strength.
Courtney Giardina|I find it funny that you could pass the same person on the street, in a store, or even in your neighborhood many times before actually meeting, thinking you’ve never seen them before, but when you are finally introduced, they seem to pop up everywhere.
H.D. Gordon, Half Black Soul|There is no feeling that is comparable to that of being truly lost. I don’t mean lost in the woods, or desert, but lost in the way that only can happen internally. Lost to the deepest,blackest pit of your soul, clinging to ghosts of past times, when you thought you knew who andwhat you were. When this happens, you have two choices; you can give in to your darkest inclinations,and accept what you are, or you can fight, knowing that it is a losing battle, that the good halfof your soul is strong, but can never erase the bad part.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|If all the world spoke, acted, or kept silence with intent to deceive, --if dearest interests were at stake, and dearest lives in peril, --if no one should ever know of her truth or her falsehood to measure out their honour or contempt for her by, straight alone where she stood, in the presence of God, she prayed that she might have strength to speak and act the truth for evermore.
Deeba Salim Irfan|You make the world come alive. You make the world colorful. You are the inspiration behind all that happens. You are the pillar of strength to many around you, the centrifugal force of your own little world, called family. I love being a women and celebrate being one everyday, hope you all do too!! And to all those who battle their various circumstances, the hurdles, the sacrifices and the compromises they make, wish them all inner strength! Happy Women's Day!
Carrie Butler, Strength|I mean, that was the code, wasn’t it? Single girls and taken guys weren’t allowed to be friends. The leash always got in the way.
Carrie Butler, Strength|One second she’s all timid, and then reeoowr! Hellcat.
Les Simple|bad days makes you stronger, those are the best days because God is talking to you. you just have to listen closely. Don't let your tears become louder than his voice.
Anthony Liccione|Unconditional love, is love, regardless anything; attainable or impossible.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|I think it's because it shows that people--or hobbits, as the case may be--can find strength they didn't know they had.
Carol Birch, Jamrach's Menagerie|It was then I truly realised the whale is no more a fish than I am. So much blood. This was not like the fish on the quay, fresh caught, lying flipping and flopping, death on a simmer. This was a fierce, boiling death. She died thrashing blindly in a slick of gore, full of pain and fury, gnashing her jaws, beating her tail, spewing lumps of slime and half-digested fish that fell stinking about us. It was vile. So much strength dies slowly.
Maryanne Raphael, What Mother Teresa Taught Me|It is hard to lose the people we love ,but feeling sorry they died is selfish.Dying is going heaven home to God we know your papa is in heaven with our Lady and Jesus.Let us try to be happy for him.
Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey|She did not suspect that the Abbess was even there hovering about the house, herself estimating the stresses and watching for the moment when a burden harms and not strengthens.
D.B. Jackson, Thieftaker|Any noble cause will encounter its share of setbacks. The strength of that cause is measured in how the men who fight for it respond. We refuse to give up, which is why we will prevail eventually.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|In this one terrified moment, my mind couldn’t focus on any of it. “I’ve forgotten everything.”“No, you haven’t.” His voice in the darkness was calm and reassuring. He smoothed back my hair and pressed one of those half kisses to my forehead. “Just relax and focus." “His reasonable words centered me and allowed the gears of logic that ran my life to take over again.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I've lost a lot in my long life. Yes, I've seen pain and I've seen strife. But I'll never give up; I'll never let go. Because I'll always have my ray of hope.
Fisher Amelie|I'd discovered that the sun equated happiness. Its bright and lovely existence was hope incarnate. It exposed the dark, brought forth the light and showed you that no matter how strong or oppressive the night was, that it was infinitely stronger, exponentially more substantial and just because you couldn't see it with your eyes, didn't mean it wasn't still with you. it was stalwart and constant. It was infinite.
Anna Gavalda, Someone I Loved|Life is stronger than you are, even when you deny it, even when you neglect it, even when you refuse to admit it.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|It's sweet and everything, but it's like you're not even there sometimes. It's great that you can listen and be a shoulder to someone, but what about when someone doesn't need a shoulder? What if they need the arms or something like that? You can't just sit there and put everybody's lives ahead of yours and think that counts as love. You just can't. You have to do things." "Like what?" I asked. My mouth was dry. "I don't know. Like take their hands when the slow song comes up for a change. Or be the one who asks someone for a date. Or tell people what you need. Or what you want.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|Thank you for loving me like you love me. Thank you for showing me that we don't always have to be strong to be there for each other--that it's okay to be weak, so long as we're there.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|There will be days that I don't think we'll know how to survive. But we will, because we have each other.
Rahul Rampal|It’s very difficult to follow our dreams, but it’s even more difficult to forget them.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Darkness had fallen upon everything for him; but just because of this darkness he felt that the one guiding clue in the darkness was his work, and he clutched it and clung to it with all his strength.
Hayley DiMarco|When you understand who God is, you can see beyond a shadow of a doubt why your weakness is nothing to be feared, because it just leaves more room for him and his strength.
Charlene Costanzo, The Twelve Gifts for Healing|No matter who we are, where we live, what we look like, the circumstances of our birth or the situations we face; each of us has gifts within us. Strength, beauty, courage, compassion, hope, joy, talent, imagination, reverence, wisdom, love and faith are among them. They are not like material presents we unwrap and hold in our hands. We can’t see these gifts with our eyes. But they are real and powerful. When we open ourselves to them, they can enrich every aspect of our lives. They can help us transform challenges into opportunities and tragedies into triumphs. They can help us make a difference in the world.
Ray Dalio|Nature gave us pain as a messaging device to tell us that we are approaching, or that we have exceeded, our limits in some way.
Joyce Carol Oates, I'll Take You There|I was nineteen years five months old when I fell in love for the first time. This seemed to me a profound, advanced age; never can we anticipate being older than we are, or wiser; if we're exhausted, it's impossible to anticipate being strong; as, in the grip of a dream, we rarely understand that we're dreaming, and will escape by the simplest of methods, opening our eyes.
Tony DiTerlizzi, A Hero For WondLa|Strength is not just in muscle and bone," Rovender said"That is right," Soth added. "Emotional strength is more powerful.
Charlene Costanzo, The Twelve Gifts for Healing|But the healing place is within you. Healing is a gift you were granted at birth, just as you were granted others. Use your gifts, child. Use the beauty, the courage, the hope and the love that is in you. Call upon your strength. Use compassion and faith. Even during sad times joy is within you. Bring it forth. Wisdom is there to guide you. Use any one of your gifts and you will rouse the power of your healing place. Use all of them and you will sustain it.
Ray Dalio|The pain of problems is a call to find solutions rather than a reason for unhappiness and inaction, so it's silly, pointless, and harmful to be upset at the problems and choices that come at you (though it’s understandable).
Dawn Jayne, Uprising|You’ll do fine if you have any strength at all, but listen to your Green angel and give yourself more exit points. You’re in for some rude awakenings in battle, and young souls often retreat under fire. You’ll end up trying to find a shortcut back home and that always makes a big mess.
Daniel Coyle, The Secret Race: Inside the Hidden World of the Tour de France: Doping, Cover-ups, and Winning at All Costs|People think doping is for lazy people who want to avoid hard work. That might be true in some cases, but in mine, as with many riders I knew, it was precisely the opposite. EPO granted the ability to suffer more; to push yourself farther and harder than you'd ever imagined, in both training and racing.
Hayley DiMarco|When we first believe we think we can do it all; our passion is so strong. But after a time we start to learn that passion doesn't equal strength, and our sinful nature rears its ugly head.
Carter Dickson, The Cavalier's Cup|Sometimes it seems that men--yes, and even women too!--if they believe in a thing strongly enough, they get a strength or endurance that they wouldn't have believe possible.
Shannon L. Alder|One of the most powerful lessons in life is to recognize that no one can give you power, and many people don’t want you to have it. You have to find the courage to seize it, own it and hold on!
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|It's easy to point out other people flaws, but it takes TRUE courage and strength take a look in the mirror, admit personal flaws AND strive to do and be better. That's growth!
Andrea Dworkin|In her heart she is a mourner for those who have not survived. In her soul she is a warrior for those who are now as she was then. In her life she is both celebrant and proof of women's capacity and will to survive, to become, to act, to change self and society. And each year she is stronger and there are more of her.
Algernon Charles Swinburne, Poems and Ballads  Atalanta in Calydon|Before the beginning of yearsThere came to the making of manTime, with a gift of tears;Grief, with a glass that ran;Pleasure, with pain for leaven;Summer, with flowers that fell;Remembrance, fallen from heaven,And madness risen from hell;Strength without hands to smite;Love that endures for a breath;Night, the shadow of light,And Life, the shadow of death.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|When the winds of life are pushing you back, THAT'S when you push forward the hardest.
Donna Alward, Hired by the Cowboy|A partner to share the ups and downs with. Honor and strength, and knowing you're stronger together than apart
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|God has ALREADY given you the strength you need, it's up to you to recognize that you were BORN a conqueror!
Savitri Devi|If I had to choose a motto for myself, I would take this one — pure, dure, sûre, [Pure, hard, certain] — in other words: unalterable. I would express by this the ideal of the Strong, that which nothing brings down, nothing corrupts, nothing changes; those on whom one can count, because their life is order and fidelity, in accord with the eternal.
Silvia Hartmann|The more loving we can be, the more powerful we become.
Peter Maher|Running is a big question mark that's there each and every day. It asks you, 'Are you going to be a wimp or are you going to be strong today?
Courtney Nuckels, Exposing ELE|I look around the room at some of the familiar faces and some of those who are still strangers to me. Somewhere deep within, I find the strength. The strength I was born from, that I never knew I possessed. ~Willow Mosby (Exposing ELE
Hiroko Sakai|If somebody's getting depressed in life, I would say, "Look at me'. I've got here believing in me. Sometimes, things do not go as you expected and you could feel as if you were ruining everything. But Everything can be only the path to get to the success of your dream. You can not fail until you give up. As long as you keep going, you are on the path for your success.
Nadège Richards, Fleeting Fires|You're mine, Echo, and I'll treasure you forever.
Hiroko Sakai|The mercy of forgiveness is brought from the strength to accept any situation given and faced. Spiritual independence and humbleness toward life makes life like a flowing river of release. What happens will happen anyways, and everybody can make mistakes. The important thing is to learn how to make a better future from the mistake.
Hiroko Sakai|What I always say is that Japanese are like willow. We can be bent easily, but once you try to break us, it would not be so easy.
Catherine Austen, All Good Children|I can do it, Max. I still have my thoughts. I just can't say them out loud. I still have my friends. I just can't show them. I still have all the things that used to matter. They're inside of me. They can't take that away.
Otto Ernst Remer|The Islamic revolution in Iran is a positive development.At the same time, the Islamic revolution of Afghanistan, sprung exclusively fromspiritual roots, dealt a heavy blow to the communist regime in the former Soviet Union. In face of that revolution, the red Soviet empire had to concede that it is incapable, in spite of its military superiority, to defeat the Mujaheddin, whose main weapons were their right and their spiritual strength.Another quite new situation appeared as a consequence of the Islamic revolution in Iran, that destroyed the Zionist rule in that country and shook its foundations in that part of the world. Khomeini's letter to Gorbachev, in which he was inviting the latter to convert to Islam, had great symbolic power! What is new again is the movement of Islamic rebirth and the continuous decay of the strength of the colonial government bodies directed from afar by Israel in many Islamic countries.""The Islamic system has remained stable in Iran even after the death of Khomeini and the change in the person of the leader and of the leadership group the only one to remain stable in the entire Islamic world.On the contrary, the demise of the Shah meant at the same time the collapse of hisregime, his artificial form of government, and his army. All that went to the dust-bin ofhistory. The same fate awaits the other regimes that prevail in the muslim world. Israel knows that very well. She tries desperately to cause the wheel of history to stand still. However, any strike against Iran or against the growing Islamic movements, will cause the anger of the muslim masses to grow, and the fire of the Islamic revolution to ignite. Nobody will be able to suppress that revolution.
Hiroko Sakai|i want to be stronger, so i can protect what i love more.
Anthony Liccione|Fear   Only  Constraints  Undeveloped                       Strength                      where your eyes look to within,                      is what your heart will believe.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Even from a distance, their eyes conveyed the strength of their souls. And their eyes spoke of death.
Lord Haw Haw (William Joyce), Twilight over England|Apart from my absolute belief in National Socialism and my conviction of Hitler's superhuman heroism, I had always been attracted to Germany.
Aleatha Romig, Truth|Tony poured wine into each glass and handed one to Claire. “Do you remember when we had wine at the Red Wing?”Claire closed her eyes, recalling the scene from a lifetime ago, and nodded. “I do.”“I’d been watching you for years. I was so nervous that night. I thought I was planning your acquisition.” He looked into his red liquid. Her stance straightened, “If you’re using business metaphors, may I suggest hostile takeover. It’s more appropriate.
Hiro Fujiwara, Maid-sama! Vol. 01|And even if you do wear a maid outfit, it doesn't change the fact that you're strong or that you're smart or that you try really hard at everything you do. I think you'd still deserve to walk with your head held high.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Life has moments that feel as if the sun has blackened to tar and the entire world turned to ice.  It feels as if Hades and his vile demons have risen from the depths of Tartarus solely for the purpose of banding to personally torture you, and that their genuine intent of mental, emotional, and spiritual anguish is tearing you to shreds.  Your heart weighs as heavily as leaden legs which you would drag yourself forward with if not for the quicksand that pulls you down inch by inch, paralyzing your will and threatening oblivion.  And all the while fire and brimstone pour from the sky, pelting only you.  Truly, that is what it feels like. But that feeling is a trial that won't last forever.  Never give up.
Marty Rubin|It's not the wound that teaches, but the healing.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Free folk don't follow names, or little cloth animals sewn on a tunic," the King-Beyond-the-Wall had told him. "They won't dance for coins, they don't care how your style yourself or what that chain of office means or who your grandsire was. They follow strength. They follow the man.
Michael J. Fox, Lucky Man|After all that I'd been through, after all that I'd learned and all that I'd been given, I was going to do what I had been doing every day for the last few years now: just show up and do the best that I could do with whatever lay in front of me.
Hope Solo|One thing I've learned in life is that I can speak for myself, that I can fight my own battles. I don't like anyone telling me how I'm supposed to feel or think or what I'm supposed to say.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|I can see myself now, she said. And I can see what I want to be, ten years from now. But I don't understand how I'm going to get from here to there.
Erica Bauermeister, Joy for Beginners|You know," Marion said, "I met a woman once when I was a teenager. I knew she had gone through a lot but she was so strong, so compassionate. I asked her how she could be the way she was, and you know what she told me?"Hadley shook her head. "She said, 'You can be broken, or broken open. That choice is yours.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|The goblins of the city may hold committees to divide a single potato, but the strong and the cruel still sit on the hill, and drink vodka, and wear black furs, and slurp borscht by the pail, like blood. Children may wear through their socks marching in righteous parades, but Papa never misses his wine with supper. Therefore, it is better to be strong and cruel than to be fair. At least, one eats better that way. And morality is more dependent on the state of one’s stomach than of one’s nation.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|You are no ruin sir--no lighting-struck tree: you are green and vigorous. Plants will grow about your roots, whether you ask them or not, because they take delight in your bountiful shadow; and as they grow they will lean towards you, and wind round you, because your strength offers them so safe a prop.
Nicole Garber, Coming Apart|Someone once told me that life wasn't fair...and they were right. But I don't think that life was ever meant to be fair or perfect. It's not the tragedy, it's how we deal with it. It's whether we come out stronger because of it. It's not about blocking out the pain or hiding from it, it's about letting the pain shape you into someone better than you were before.
Neil Abramson, Unsaid|Sometimes events that lead us bereft of anything but grief just happen for no reason other than happenstance--a car turns left instead of right, a train is missed, a call comes too late--and the real test of our humanness is whether, in light of that knowledge, we are ever able to recover. When we again find our way despite the inability to manufacture a deeper meaning in our suffering, that I think is when God smiles upon us, proud of the strength of his creation.
James R. Tuck, Blood and Silver|Women already come equipped with a core of steel fiber strength, depths of resolve a man cannot comprehend. It’s not the dynamic strength men have, all power and show. It’s a strength of endurance, fortitude. It is the strength that allows women to conceive life and to carry that life until the day it can stand on its own.
Zelda Fitzgerald, The Collected Writings|. . . she tried to weave the strength of her father and the young beauty of her first love with David, the happy oblivion of her teens and her warm protected childhood into a magic cloak.
Alexander Masters, Stuart: A Life Backwards|If Stuart is a freak... it is because he has had the superhuman strength not to be defeated by this isolation. It is because he has had the almost unbelievable social adroitness to be able to fit in smoothly with an educated, soft-skinned person like myself and not make me frightened half to death. If Stuart's a freak, I salute freaks.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|We are designed with a dreaming brain and a hopeful spirit; it is our nature to envision the life of our dreams. And while dreaming comes easy to us, we must never forget that it takes strength, dedication, and courageous action to bring that dream to life
Dianna Hardy, The Demon Bride|Elena glanced up at him, taking in his words. “If you get rid of your fear? You know, I never look at you as someone who’s afraid.”“That’s because every time you look at me, I’m looking right back, and the only time I’m not afraid, is when I see you. And I do see you, Elena. I see everything you’ve been through, from so young – how you struggled through it; how you never let it destroy your hope and faith – and I’m afraid of nothing."(Karl and Elena)
Logan Zane Hessefort|Lifes like a game of cards, sometimes you get delt a shit hand, Work with what you got, and never show your weaknesses. Keep a poker face no matter what.
Edwin Hubbell Chapin|Never does the human soul appear so strong as when it forgoes revenge, and dares forgive an injury.
Zeena Schreck|One example of an uniquely Sethian approach towards initiation is for the initiate to regard his or her own life with the same urgency and need experienced as in a war zone in which every move and action must be weighed yet determined swiftly, as necessity dictates. During battle, situations such as missed opportunity, lingering sentimentality, second or third chances, or excessive contemplation would be fatal; and so it is on the sinister path.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|A general is a specialist insofar as he has master his craft. Beyond that and outside the arbitrary pro and con, he keeps a third possibility intact and in reserve: his own substance. He knows more than what he embodies and teaches, has other skills along with the ones for which he is paid. He keeps all that to himself; it is his property. It is set aside for his leisure, his soliloquies, his nights. At a propitious moment, he will put it into action, tear off his mask. So far, he has been racing well; within sight is the finish line, his final reserves start pouring in. Fate challenges him; he responds. The dream, even in an erotic encounter, comes true. But causally, even here; every goal is a transition for him. The bow should snap rather than aiming the arrow at a finite target.
Gorgos|Because we are the only women who are mothers of men." Gorgo: when asked by a woman from Attica why Spartan women were the only women in the world who could rule men.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|No truth can cure the sadness we feel from losing a loved one. No truth, no sincerity, no strength, no kindness, can cure that sorrow. All we can do is see that sadness through to the end andlearn something from it, but what we learn will be no help in facing the next sadness that comes to us without warning.
Britney Spears|It’s weird like, you can see the cruelest part of the world. The cruelest part. But then on the other side you see the most beautiful part, do you know? And it’s like you go from one extreme to the next and they’re both worth it, because you wouldn’t see one without the other. But that cruel part, is damn cruel and you’ll never forget it. But that heaven…is heaven.
Elizabeth Berg, Home Safe|I just want to say one thing. If I ever write a novel again, it's going to be in defense of weak women, inept and codependent women. I'm going to talk about all the great movies and songs and poetry that focus on such women. I'm going to toast Blanche DuBois. I'm going to celebrate women who aren't afraid to show their need and their vulnerabilities. To be honest about how hard it can be to plow your way through a life that offers no guarantees about anything. I'm going to get on my metaphorical knees and thank women who fall apart, who cry and carry on and wail and wring their hands because you know what, Midge? We all need to cry. Thank God for women who can articulate their vulnerabilities and express what probably a lot of other people want to say and feel they can't. Those peoples' stronghold against falling apart themselves is the disdain they feel for women who do it for them. Strong. I'm starting to think that's as much a party line as anything else ever handed to women for their assigned roles. When do we get respect for our differences from men? Our strength is our weakness. Our ability to feel is our humanity. You know what? I'll bet if you talk to a hundred strong women, 99 of them would say 'I'm sick of being strong. I would like to be cared for. I would like someone else to make the goddamn decisions, I'm sick of making decisions.' I know this one woman who's a beacon of strength. A single mother who can do everything - even more than you, Midge. I ran into her not long ago and we went and got a coffee and you know what she told me? She told me that when she goes out to dinner with her guy, she asks him to order everything for her. Every single thing, drink to dessert. Because she just wants to unhitch. All of us dependent, weak women have the courage to do all the time what she can only do in a restaurant.
M. Leighton|I want to live. I want to live life with all it's emotions, all it's experiences, I don't want to miss anyhting. But I feel like I will.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Day followed day, and night followed night, until Dany knew she could not endure a moment longer. She would kill herself rather than go on, she decided one night... Yet when she slept that night, she dreamt the dragon dream again. Viserys was not in it this time. There was only her and the dragon. Its scales were black as night, wet and slick with blood. Her blood, Dany sensed. Its eyes were pools of molten magma and when it opened its mouth, the flame came roaring out in a hot jet. She could hear it singing to her. She opened her arms to the fire, embraced it, let it swallow her whole, let it cleanse her and temper her and scour her clean. She could feel her flesh sear and blacken and slough away, could feel her blood boil and turn to steam, and yet there was no pain. She felt strong and new and fierce. And the next day, strangely, she did not seem to hurt quite as much.
Henry kenny lee|I'm not weak, I've just been strong for to long.
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|Fathers, your are the head and strength of the family unit. If you are not in place, there is a weakness in the link.
David Levithan, The Realm of Possibility|it's not his bodythat changesright away.it's somethinginside. he sayshe wants tobe a littleweaker. i don'tunderstand.i say 'thinner?'and he says'no, i wantto be strongerin a differentway.' notbecause of me,but for me.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Looking into his eyes, you seemed to see there the yet lingering images of those thousand-fold perils he had calmly confronted through life. A staid, steadfast man, whose life for the most part was a telling pantomime of action, and not a tame chapter of sounds.
Edward Abbey|One final paragraph of advice: do not burn yourselves out. Be as I am - a reluctant enthusiast....a part-time crusader, a half-hearted fanatic. Save the other half of yourselves and your lives for pleasure and adventure. It is not enough to fight for the land; it is even more important to enjoy it. While you can. While it’s still here. So get out there and hunt and fish and mess around with your friends, ramble out yonder and explore the forests, climb the mountains, bag the peaks, run the rivers, breathe deep of that yet sweet and lucid air, sit quietly for a while and contemplate the precious stillness, the lovely, mysterious, and awesome space. Enjoy yourselves, keep your brain in your head and your head firmly attached to the body, the body active and alive, and I promise you this much; I promise you this one sweet victory over our enemies, over those desk-bound men and women with their hearts in a safe deposit box, and their eyes hypnotized by desk calculators. I promise you this; You will outlive the bastards.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Haven't you learned anything, not even with the approach of death? Stop thinking all the time that you're in the way, that you're bothering the person next to you. If people don't like it, they can complain. And if they don't have the courage to complain, that's their problem
George Eliot|It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are still alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger for them.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|I’m wearying to escape into that glorious world, and to be always there: not seeing it dimly through tears, and yearning for it through the walls of an aching heart: but really with it, and in it.
Gautama Buddha|As you walk and eat and travel, be where you are. Otherwise you will miss most of your life.
Jack London|The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.
Mutant Enemy, Buffy the Vampire Slayer|The hardest thing in this world, is to live in it.
E.M. Forster|We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Gary Paulsen, Hatchet|Patience, he thought. So much of this was patience - waiting, and thinking and doing things right. So much of all this, so much of all living was patience and thinking.
Walt Whitman|All goes onward and outward, nothing collapses, And to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier.
Mark Twain|Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
Tucker Max, Assholes Finish First|No one has it all figured out, especially not the people who are acting like they do and judging you because of it. Pretending to be something you aren't because you're trying to please a bunch of judgmental hypocrites and shitheads is not the way to be happy. Living the life you want to live is. It really is that simple.
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|Everyone thinks I have a death wish, you know? But I don't want to die - dying is easy. No, I want to live, but getting close to death is the only way to feel alive. And once you do, it makes you realize that everything you were actually doing before wasn't actually living. It was just making do. Call me crazy, but I think we do the best living when the stakes are high.
Jalaluddin Rumi|The morning wind spreads its fresh smell. We must get up and take that in, that wind that lets us live. Breathe before it's gone.
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|The clock holds me nowhere. Nowhere. Nowhere. There is nothing else but now and the shifting depth of the night. I sit at a table alone smoking cigarettes and drinking coffee and listening and surviving. I should not be here or anywhere. I should not be breathing or taking space. I should not have been given this moment or anything else. I should not have this opportunity again to live. I do not deserve it or deserve anything yet it is here and I am here and I Have it all of it still. I won't have it again. This moment or this chance they are the same and they are mine if I choose them and I do. I want them. Now and as long as I can have them they are both precious and fleeting and gone in the blink of an eye don't waste them. A moment and an opportunity and a life, all in the unseen tick of a clock holding me nowhere. My heart is beating. The walls are pale and quiet. I am surviving. 
Jodi Picoult, Perfect Match|If I have gained anything over these months, it is the knowledge there is no starting over- only living with the mistakes you've made.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Living in a constant chase after gain compels people to expend their spirit to the point of exhaustion in continual pretense and overreaching and anticipating other. Virtue has come to consist of doing something in less time that someone else. Hours in which honesty is permitted have become rare, and when they arrive one is tired and does not only want to "let oneself go" but actually wishes to stretch out as long and wide and ungainly as one happens to be... Soon we may well reach the point where people can no longer give in to the desire for a vita contemplativa (that is, taking a walk with ideas and friends) without self-contempt and a bad conscience.
Jorge Luis Borges|Nothing is built on stone; All is built on sand, but we must build as if the sand were stone.
Stephen King, Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption: A Story from Different Seasons|It always comes down to just two choices. Get busy living, or get busy dying.
José N. Harris|There comes a time in your life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it. You surround yourself with people who make you laugh. Forget the bad and focus on the good. Love the people who treat you right, pray for the ones who do not. Life is too short to be anything but happy. Falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living.
Alden Nowlan|Growing up is never straight forward.There are moments when everything is fine, and other moments where you realize that there are certain memories that you'll never get back, and certain people that are going to change, and the hardest part is knowing thatthere's nothing you can do except watch them.
Milan Kundera, Immortality|Living, there is no happiness in that. Living: carrying one’s painful self through the world.But being, being is happiness. Being: Becoming a fountain, a fountain on which the universe falls like warm rain.
Tite Kubo|Live well, Ichigo. Live well, age well, go bald well, and die after me. And... if you can, die smiling.(Isshin Kurosaki)
David Deida, Blue Truth: A Spiritual Guide To Life & Death And Love & Sex|If you are waiting for anything in order to live and love without holding back, then you suffer.
Masashi Kishimoto|To them I'm simply an object from the past that they wish will disappear Then why do I exist? Why am I alive? When I thought about this I could find no answer. But as you live you need a reason otherwise it's the same as being dead, I then came to this conclusion I exist to kill every human besides myself. Fighting only for yourself living while only loving yourself If you think that everybody else simply exist to allow you to experience that feeling nothing is better then that world. As long as there are people in this world for me to kill and continue to feel that joy of living my existence will not vanish.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|I was thinking, as I watched her, how little it mattered-- about her teeth, for instance. I know so many women who have kept all the things that she had lost, but whose inner glow has faded. Whatever else was gone, Antonia had not lost the fire of life.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|When you stop existing and you start truly living, each moment of the day comes alive with the wonder and synchronicity.
James Frey, My Friend Leonard|You only live once, buy Picassos whenever possible. 
Sōseki Natsume, I Am a Cat|Living as I do with human beings, the more that I observe them, the more I am forced to conclude that they are selfish.
Anne Michaels, Fugitive Pieces|Any given moment—no matter how casual, how ordinary—is poised, full of gaping life.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. What we do with this hour and with that one, is what we are doing.
Amy Fusselman|My dad is dead. And as I type this, by the window, on the rainy day, I am alive, yes. I am living. But sometimes it doesn't feel like I am doing it fast enough, or hard enough, or all the way. And it is times like that when I can understand wanting a cigarette in my hand, then my mouth, then my hand again. Holding the cigarette. Tending to the cigarette. Giving the cigarette what it needs. Tapping it in the ashtray. Sucking on it.Then flicking it in the street, like it meant nothing to me.
George Bernard Shaw, Overruled|As long as I have a want, I have a reason for living. Satisfaction is death. 
Grace Murray Hopper|It is better to beg forgiveness, than ask permission.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|Though under earth, and throneless now I beYet while I lived all earth was under me.
Neil Simon|I LOVE living, I have some problems with my LIFE, but living is the best thing they've come up with so far.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|But we have to learn to be free. We have to, Nell. Doesn't mean happy all the time, or okay all the time. It’s okay not to be okay. I told you that, but I'm relearning it myself. But not being okay doesn't mean you stop living.
Bette Midler|If only I'd known my differentness would be an asset, then my earlier life would have been much easier.
Tom Wolfe, The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test|What do you mean, blindly? That baby is a very sentient creature… That baby sees the world with a completeness that you and I will never know again. His doors of perception have not yet been closed. He still experiences the moment he lives in.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Life … is a bit like reading. … If all your responses to a book have already been duplicated and expanded upon by a professional critic, then what point is there to your reading? Only that it’s yours. Similarly, why live your life? Because it’s yours. But what if such an answer becomes less and less convincing?
Gary Snyder|I see a vision of a great rucksack revolution thousands or even millions of young Americans wandering around with rucksacks, going up to mountains to pray, making children laugh and old men glad, making young girls happy and old girls happier, all of 'em Zen Lunatics who go about writing poems that happen to appear in their heads for no reason and also by being kind and also by strange unexpected acts keep giving visions of eternal freedom to everybody and to all living creatures.
Shannon L. Alder|The very least you can do in your life is to figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance, but live right in it, under its roof.
Kasie West, Pivot Point|It was hard when I knew I was about to be flooded with memories of a life I hadn't lived yet. Really, two lives I hadn't lived yet.
Matt Simpson|Living a good life is like flipping pancakes. If you hesitate, it splatters all over the place.
Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story|When you start thinking about what your life was like 10 years ago--and not in general terms, but in highly specific detail--it's disturbing to realize how certain elements of your being are completely dead. They die long before you do. It's astonishing to consider all the things from your past that used to happen all the time but (a) never happen anymore, and (b) never even cross your mind. It's almost like those things didn't happen. Or maybe it seems like they just happened to someone else. To someone you don't really know. To someone you just hung out with for one night, and now you can't even remember her name.
David Moody, Autumn|Surviving is one thing," he said quietly, his voice suddenly calmer, "but you've got to have a reason to do it. There's no point in living if you don't have anything worth living for.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|I realize that I was all error and deviation, that I never lived, that I existed only in so far as I filled time with consciousness and thought.
Albert Camus, The Fall|I felt as though I was partly unlearning what i had never learned and yet knew so well: I mean, how to live.
Ryan Higa|If your life has no problems, you're not really living it.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Look, I am living. On what? Neither childhood nor futurelessens . . . . Superabundant existencewells in my heart.
Jack Kerouac, Lonesome Traveler|After all this kind of fanfare, and even more, I came to a point where I needed solitude and to just stop the machine of 'thinking' and 'enjoying' what they call 'living,' I just wanted to lie in the grass and look at the clouds...
Ted Hughes|And that's how we measure out our real respect for people—by the degree of feeling they can register, the voltage of life they can carry and tolerate—and enjoy. End of sermon. As Buddha says: live like a mighty river. And as the old Greeks said: live as though all your ancestors were living again through you.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|It stands to reason that anyone who learns to live well will die well. The skills are the same: being present in the moment, and humble, and brave, and keeping a sense of humor. (361)
Morrie Schwartz|For me, living means I can be responsive to the other person. It means I can show my emotions and my feelings. Talk to them. Feel with them …
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|You're not saving lives, Dad. You can't save lives when no one's living anymore. (Maddie)
Gyula Krúdy, Sunflower|I’d love to step off this well-trodden straight and boring path. To somehow live differently, think different thoughts, feel different feelings than others. It wouldn’t bother me to be as alone as a tree on the plains. My leaves would be like no other tree’s.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|If the living are haunted by the dead, then the dead are haunted by their own mistakes.
Nancy E. Turner, Sarah's Quilt|Living is getting knocked down time and again, then standing up time and again, and once more. It's easy to act honorable when things are coming along and all your pastures are green. Plenty difficult when the ground is dried and burned and people have connived to take even that from you. I'll sell this place, or I'll lose it. I'll go on. People who don't have hard times aren't living.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. What we do with this hour, and that one, is what we are doing. A schedule defends from chaos and whim. It is a net for catching days. It is a scaffolding on which a worker can stand and labor with both hands at sections of time. A schedule is a mock-up of reason and order—willed, faked, and so brought into being; it is a peace and a haven set into the wreck of time; it is a lifeboat on which you find yourself, decades later, still living.
Lisa Schroeder, The Day Before|It brings me back to the moment, and I want to livethe moment with everything I’ve got.
Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story|We are always dying, all the time. That's what living is; living is dying, little by little. It is a sequenced collection of individualized deaths.
Elizabeth I|Life is for living and working at. If you find anything or anybody a bore, the fault is in yourself.
Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories|Actually, years mean nothing. It's what's inside them.
Anaïs Nin, Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love"--The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin|The impetus to grow and live intensely is so powerful in me I cannot resist it. I will work, I will love my husband, but I will fulfill myself.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|It's creepy, but here we are, the Pilgrims, the crackpots of our time, trying to establish our own alternate reality. To build a world out of rocks and chaos.What it's going to be, I don't know.Even after all that rushing around, where we've ended up is the middle of nowhere in the middle of the night.And maybe knowing isn't the point.Where we're standing right now, in the ruins in the dark, what we build could be anything.
Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last|Until we find out who was born this time around, it seems irrelevant to seek earlier identities. I have heard many people speak of who they believe they were in previous incarnations, but they seem to have very little idea of who they are in this one. . . . Let’s take one life at a time. Perhaps the best way to do that is to live as though there were no afterlife or reincarnation. To live as though this moment was all that was allotted. (132)
Tom Hodgkinson|Labour-saving devices just make us try to cram more pointless activities into each day, rather than doing the important thing, which is to enjoy our life.
Philip DeFranco|The fact that you are even here, alive, on this planet is a mathematical miracle, and you should not spend the time that you have being busy being miserable.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|. . . I feel we don’t really need scriptures. The entire life is an open book, a scripture. Read it. Learn while digging a pit or chopping some wood or cooking some food. If you can’t learn from your daily activities, how are you going to understand the scriptures? (233)
John Green, Looking for Alaska|With a sigh, he grabbed hold of his chair and lifted himself out of it, then wrote on the blackboard: How will we ever get out of this labyrinth of suffering? - A.Y.'I'm going to leave that up for the rest of the semester,' he said.'Because everybody who has ever lost their way in life has felt the nagging insistence of that question. At some point we all look up and realize we are lost in a maze, and I don't want us to forget Alaska, and I don't want to forget that even when the material we study seems boring, we're trying to understand how people have answered that question and the questions each of you posed in your papers--how different traditions have come to terms with what Chip, in his final, called 'people's rotten lots in life.
Toby Keith|Like go for a walk, say a little prayerTake a deep breath of mountain airPut on my glove and play some catchIt's time that I make time for thatWade the shore and cast a lineLook up a long lost friend of mineSit on the porch and give my girl a kissStart livin', that's the next thing on my list.
Tom Hodgkinson|A conclusion I’ve come to at the Idler is that it starts with retreating from work but it’s really about making work into something that isn’t drudgery and slavery, and then work and life can become one thing.
Dash Shaw, BodyWorld|Living is suffering, Billy. Now give your mom a nice big hug.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I thought maybe if she could express herself rather than suffer herself, if she had a way to relieve the burden, she lived for nothing more than living, with nothing to get inspired by, to care for, to call her own, she helped out at the store, then came home and sat in her big chair and stared at her magazines, not at them but through them, she let the dust accumulate on her shoulders.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|The ordinary procedure of the nineteenth century is that when a powerful and noble personage encounters a man of feeling, he kills, exiles, imprisons or so humiliates him that the other, like a fool, dies of grief.
Elisa Albert, The Book of Dahlia|It's decidedly bizzare, when the Worst Thing hppens and you find yourself still conscious, still breathing.
Sandra Cisneros|Everywhere I go, it's me and me. Half of me living my life, the other half watching me live it.
Walter Mosley, Black Genius: African-American Solutions to African-American Problems|The life most of us live are lives we are forced to live by immediate needs, influences, and pressures.
Pearl S. Buck, Fighting Angel|Somehow I had learned from Thoreau, who doubtless learned it from Confucius, that if a man comes to do his own good for you, then must you flee that man and save yourself
Sai Baba|What matters is to live in the present, live now, for every moment is now. It is your thoughts and acts of the moment that create your future. The outline of your future path already exists, for you created its pattern by your past.
Dave Matthes, Sleepeth Not, the Bastard|There just isn’t enough cock in this world to be caught suckin’ and be called anything but a slut for life. The cynic in me would call it a bad habit, but that’d make me a whore in denial and if there’s one thing I am, it’s an honest bitch. Then again, you don’t get famous for being daddy’s little angel, but you can easily fall into the Infamy Bracket by preaching a made-up Bible quote now and again. They say I’m shallow, but I’ve made a living out off diving off the deep end.
Margaret J. Wheatley, A Simpler Way|We are, always, poets, exploring possibilities of meaning in a world which is also all the time exploring possibilities.
Guru Nanak, Sri Guru Granth Sahib|The world is a drama, staged in a dream
Brian Krans, A Constant Suicide|The idea that property has overcome our personalities is the single reason we'll miss the best part of our lives. It's people, not possessions that make our lives worth living.
Natalie Goldberg, The Great Failure: A Bartender, A Monk, and My Unlikely Path to Truth|You live and then you die, I thought. It's good to have some good times.
George Santayana|That life is worth living is the most necessary of assumptions, and were it not assumed, the most impossible of conclusions.
Timothée de Fombelle, Toby Alone|Little tree filled his lungs with the white airness of the night, as if he were going to fly. The living voice of his parents. Elisha's eyes. These were reasons enough to set off on another adventure.Reasons to be Toby Lolness again.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|You see, gentlemen, reason is an excellent thing, there's no disputing that, but reason is nothing but reason and satisfies only the rational side of man's nature, while will is a manifestation of the whole life, that is, of the whole human life including reason and all the impulses. And although our life, in this manifestation of it, is often worthless, yet it is life and not simply extracting square roots. Here I, for instance, quite naturally want to live, in order to satisfy all my capacities for life, and not simply my capacity for reasoning, that is, not simply one twentieth of my capacity for life. What does reason know? Reason only knows what it has succeeded in learning (some things, perhaps, it will never learn; this is a poor comfort, but why not say so frankly?) and human nature acts as a whole, with everything that is in it, consciously or unconsciously, and, even if it goes wrong, it lives.
Claudia Rankine, Don’t Let Me Be Lonely: An American Lyric|Or one meaning of here is “in this world, in this life, on earth. In this place or position, indicating the presence of,” or in other words, I am here. It also means to hand something to somebody—Here you are. Here, he said to her. Here both recognizes and demands recognition. I see you, or here, he said to her. In order for something to be handed over a hand must extend and a hand must receive. We must both be here in this world in this life in this place indicating the presence of.
W.H. Auden, Collected Poems|What living occasion can,Be just to the absent?
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|That's what it means to die, to not be able to stop looking at whatever's in front of you. Some darn thing placed directly there, with nothing you can do about it...
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|When you have lived your individual life in your own adventurous way and then look back upon its course, you will find that you have lived a model human life, after all.
Christopher S. Hyatt|live to the fullest or die;and die you will anyway, so start living!
Andrei Platonov, Happy Moscow|Then she would wander through fields, over simple, poor land, looking carefully and keenly all round her, still getting used to being alive in the world, and feeling glad that everything in it was right for her — for her body, her heart, and her freedom.
J.G. Ballard, High-Rise|They thrived on the rapid turnover of acquaintances, the lack of involvement with others, and the total self-sufficiency of lives which, needing nothing, were never dissapointed.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Memory haunts me from age to age, and passion leads me by the hand--evil have I done, and with sorrow have I made acquaintance from age to age, and from age to age evil shall I do, and sorrow shall I know till my redemption comes.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Extreme busyness is a symptom of deficient vitality, and a faculty for idleness implies a catholic appetite and a strong sense of personal identity.
Vinicius de Moraes|...Who knows what death, anxiety of the living, Who knows what loneliness, end of the lovingI could say to myself of the love (I had): Let it not be immortal, since it is flame But let it be infinite while it lasts.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|You know how we’re thinking about food these days, less in terms of carbs and calories than in terms of color, vivacity, and life force? We can do the same with time. Then it’s no longer about having enough of it but about infusing color and vivacity and life force into every moment. (279)
Helen Hollick, The Forever Queen|Emma felt frightened, apprehensive, yes, but also elated and excited, her feelings all tumbled and mixed together like a stew of varied ingredients tossed into the same pot. She was aware of the blood coursing through her veins, the beat of her heart, the breath in her lungs. Was aware, too, of that clenched knot that hung in the pit of her stomach. This was what it was to be alive, to be at the edge, facing survival eye to eye, knowing, KNOWING, you would win.
Grace Paley, Enormous Changes at the Last Minute|I drank a little California Mountain Red at home and thought--why not--wherever you turn someone is shouting give me liberty of I give you death. Perfectly sensible, thing-owning, Church-fearing neighbours flop their hands over their ears at the sound of a siren to keep fallout from taking hold of their internal organs. You have to be cockeyed to love, and blind in order to look out the window at your own ice-cold street.
Edmond de Goncourt, Pages from the Goncourt Journals|[He] went on to say that during all those years he had done nothing at all, that all he had felt had been a need to live, to live actively, violently, noisily, a need to sing, to make music, to roam the woods, to drink a little too much and get involved in a brawl.
Dan Buettner|Eat your vegetables, have a positive outlook, be kind to people, and smile - Kamada Nakasato, 102-y/o-female fr. Okinawa
Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March|The first and last schoolmaster of life is living and committing oneself unreservedly and dangerously to living; to men who know this an Aristotle and a Plato have much to say; but those who have imposed cautions on themselves and petrified themselves in a system of ideas, them the masters themselves will lead into error
Gary L. Francione|I have argued that this sort of thinking is problematic in at least two regards:First, the notion that nonhuman animals do not have an interest in continued existence—that they do not have an interest in their lives—involves relying on a speciesist concept of what sort of self-awareness matters morally. I have argued that every sentient being necessarily has an interest in continued existence—every sentient being values her or his life—and that to say that only those animals (human animals) who have a particular sort of self-awareness have an interest in not being treated as commodities begs the fundamental moral question. Even if, as some maintain, nonhuman animals live in an “eternal present”—and I think that is empirically not the case at the very least for most of the nonhumans we routinely exploit who do have memories of the past and a sense of the future—they have, in each moment, an interest in continuing to exist. To say that this does not count morally is simply speciesist.Second, even if animals do not have an interest in continuing to live and only have interests in not suffering, the notion that, as a practical matter, we will ever be able to accord those interests the morally required weight is simply fantasy. The notion that we property owners are ever going to accord any sort of significant weight to the interests of property in not suffering is simply unrealistic. Is it possible in theory? Yes. Is it possible as a matter of practicality in the real world. Absolutely not. Welfarists often talk about treating “farmed animals” in the way that we treat dogs and cats whom we love and regard as members of our family. Does anyone really think that is practically possible? The fact that we would not think of eating our dogs and cats is some indication that it is not.
S.M. Reine, Six Moon Summer|Dying is as natural as being born, and all of us have to face it someday. Some sooner than others. It's difficult to understand the meaning of it all. The question isn't, 'Why do we die?' The correct question is, 'Why do we live?
Terry Pratchett|We're living in science fiction, but we don't realize it.
Eugène Ionesco, Rhinoceros / The Chairs / The Lesson|Year after year of dirty snow and bitter winds… houses and whole districts of people who aren’t really unhappy, but worse, who are neither happy nor unhappy; people who are ugly because they’re neither ugly nor beautiful; creatures that are dismally neutral, who long without longings as though they’re unconscious, unconsciously suffering from being alive.
Virginia Nicholson, Among the Bohemians: Experiments in Living 1900-1939|My environment reflects the life I've led, the places I've visited and the people I've loved.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, The Grooming of Alice|If it doesn't sweat, jiggle, or pant, it's not alive.
Donna Lynn Hope|We start our sometimes tedious, sometimes exciting, often times sad and stressful march to the grave the moment we're born, so it might as well be a march worth remembering.
Aniruddha Sastikar|Rewards of life lived with principles; bloom, when life is about to end or has departed already.
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|The majority of people don't want to plan. They want to be free of the responsibility of planning. What they ask for is merely some assurance that they will be decently provided for. The rest is a day-to-day enjoyment of life. That's the explanation for your Father Divines; people naturally flock to anyone they can trust for the necessities of life... They are the backbone of a community--solid, trust-worthy, essential.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|Haldir had gone on and was now climbing to the high flet. As Frodo prepared to follow him, he laid his hand upon the tree beside the ladder: never before had he been so suddenly and so keenly aware of the feel and texture of a tree's skin and of the life within it. He felt a delight in wood and the touch of it, neither as forester nor as carpenter; it was the delight of the living tree itself.
Barbara Marciniak, Family of Light: Pleiadian Tales and Lessons in Living|Trust that whatever you are dealing with, whatever doorway to crisis you experience, it is leading you to a greater lesson in liwing where ideally the power of love is what you learn. Forgive, and broadcast your excitement to be alive.
Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living|The venerable teachers, philosophers & spiritual practitioners throughout history have concluded that the greatest happiness we can experience comes from the development of an open, loving heart.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Sasha's green eyes were right up against yours, the lashes interlocking. "In Naples," she said, "there were kids who were just lost. You knew they were never going to get back to what they'd been, or have a normal life. And then there were other ones who you thought, maybe they will."...You opened your eyes, which you hadn't realized were shut again. "what I'm saying is, We're the survivors," Sasha said...."Not everyone is. But we are. Okay?
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|The harassed look is that of a desperately tired swimmer or runner; yet there is no question of stopping. The creature we are watching will struggle on and on until it drops. Not because it is heroic. It can imagine no alternative.Staring and staring into the mirror, it sees many faces within its face - the face of the child, the boy, the young man, the not-so-young-man - all present still, preserved as fossils, dead. Their message to this live dying creature is: Look at us - we have died -what is there to be afra
Jesse Ball, The Curfew|…In this way that he sought to control the very passage of his life, deftly and without forethought, yet precisely and with enormous care. Part of it was to allow what was enormous, what was profound, without limiting it.
Adam Silvera, They Both Die at the End|No matter how we choose to live, we both die at the end.
Marcus Aurelius, The Essential Marcus Aurelius|The goal that you hope you will one day arrive at after a long and roundabout journey you are able to possess right now, if only you do not deny it to yourself. That is, if you can let go of the past, entrust the future to Providence and redirect the present according to justice and the sacred. To the sacred, so that you welcome what has been given to you, for Nature has brought this to you, and you to it; and to justice, in order that you may speak the truth freely and without distortion, and that you may act in accordance with what is lawful and right. Do not allow yourself to be hindered by the harmful actions, judgments, or the words of another, or by the sensations of the flesh which has formed itself around you. Let the body take care of those. But if, when you have come to the end, having let go of all other things, you honor only your guiding part and the divinity that is within you, and you do not fear ceasing to live so much as you fear never having begun to live in accordance with Nature--then you will be a man who is worth of the Cosmos that created you; and you will cease to live like a stranger in your own land, that is, surprised at unexpected everyday occurrences and wholly distracted by this and that.
Adam Silvera, They Both Die at the End|I've spent years living safely to secure a longer life, and look where that's gotten me. I'm at the finish line but I never ran the race.
T. S. Eliot|We understand the ordinary business of living, We know how to work the machine
Richard Lloyd Parry, Ghosts of the Tsunami: Death and Life in Japan’s Disaster Zone|The moment you will be most stiff is when you die - you never get stiffer than that. So you've got to sleep well, eat well and keep moving.
Brent M. Jones|Living things are creations, masterpieces. All Life Matters!
Samuel Beckett, Texts for Nothing and Other Shorter Prose 1950-1976|With a cluther of limbs and organs, all that is needed to live again, to hold out a little time, I'll call that living, I'll say it's me, I'll get standing, I'll stop thinking, I'll be too busy, getting standing, staying standing, stirring about, holding out, getting to tomorrow, tomorrow week, that will be ample, a week will be ample, a week in spring, that puts the jizz in you.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|In the end, life is about collecting experiences and looking for the lesson and blessing in each one. Yet we are never to carry these experiences on our backs, only in our hearts. One will hold us back, while the other will keep us moving forward.
Edward E. Baptist, The Half Has Never Been Told: Slavery and the Making of American Capitalism|Heroes deal out vengeance, wiping out insults, and in an existential sense denying their own death. In twentieth-century camps, however, Todorov found, some people instead found transcendence by displaying kindness toward other people. Through small, everyday acts that committed them to the survival of other human beings--even at the cost of lowering their own chances--they demonstrated their own commitment to an abstract yet personal value. Although heroic acts were as suicidal in twentieth-century death camps as they were in nineteenth-century slave labor camps, even in hell there was still room to be a moral human being.
Steven Magee|If you cannot peacefully coexist with many different cultures and beliefs, then you should probably not be living in the USA.
Susin Nielsen, Optimists Die First|Okay, even if we disagree on that point, we still need to keep living our lives, don't we?...
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|And on a cold Sunday afternoon, he was joined in his home by a small group of friends and family for a 'living funeral'. Each of them spoke and paid tribute.. Some cried. Some laughed. One woman read a poem: 'My dear and loving cousin.. Your ageless heart as you ,love through time, layer on layer, tender sequoia..' .. And all the heartfelt things we never get to say to those we love, Morrie said that day.
Binyavanga Wainaina, One Day I Will Write About This Place: A Memoir|Cloud travel is well and good when you have mastered the landings. I never have. I must live, not dream about living.
Ratish Edwards|It is not the small number of big decisions that we take but the large number of small decisions that we take in life, shapes our life.
Alfred Adler|Meanings are not determined by situations, but we determine ourselves by the meanings we give to situations.
Mark Adams|When we arrived at my home north of the city, my five-year-old son Magnus, brimming with the confidence he'd gained in two full weeks of kindergarten, opened the front door and asked John, "Is it true you live in a tent?""Yes, it is," John said."Why don't you have a house like everybody else?"John leaned in to meet Magnus' dubious stare. "Because I endeavor to remain flexible.
Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis|To die or not to die, that is the question; it is nobler to live in torment and rage than not to live at all?
Anthony T Hinkcs|You are the most sensual person I know; the goddess of my dreams; the gold at the end of the rainbow; the topping on my ice cream and the best thing that has ever happened to me.And when I wake up in the morning and still find you there next to me, I know that I am living my dream.
Kamand Kojouri|I have drunk the night and swallowed the stars. I am dancing with abandon and singing with rapture. There is not a thing I do not love. There is not a person I have not forgiven. I feel a universe of love. I feel a universe of light. Tonight, I am with old friends and we are returning home. The moon is our witness.
Dean Young, Fall Higher|Just because we have birds inside is, we don't have to be cages. -from Instant Recognition between Strangers
F.K. Preston|Live this life as gently as you would breathe in the seaside air. Then release all those dreams and wonders to the water. Keep breathing until you’re inches from where you wish to be. Then exhale, remembering that gentle life you grew up from.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I have nothing to lose, only to live.
Dean Young, Fall Higher|Just because we have birds inside is, we don't have to be cages.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I don’t necessarily sit around inviting life to knock me down, but when it does I don’t wait around for an invitation to stand back up either.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|However, if the long shot is your only shot, then you have to take it.
Nâzım Hikmet, Poems of Nazım Hikmet|The life-loving, smart,good-hearted deaddon't want forty days of mourningor say, "After me the deluge!"Leaving behind some helpful things- a few words, a tree, a smile -each gets up and goesand does not burden the livingwith the darkness of the tomb,carrying the weightof his stone all alone.And because they ask for nothingfrom the living, it's as if they aren't d
Yosef Marcus, Pirkei Avot: Ethics of the Fathers|Which is the right path for man to choose for himself? Whatever is harmonious for the one who does it, and harmonious for mankind.
Marty Rubin|When it comes to living and loving, we're all amateurs.
Jessica Khoury, Origin|Reminding me how fragile this life is and how easily it can be lost. Compelling me to live and to live well, while I still can.Because sooner or later, we must all face eternity.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|It is true: we love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.There is always a certain madness in love. But also there is always a certain method in madness.
Marcus Valerius Martialis, Epigrams|...to be able to enjoy the life you have spent, is to live it twice.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It wasn’t until I slowed the car and rolled down the windows that I realized I spend most of my days driving ‘through’ life without driving ‘in’ life. So, I’ve decided to walk because the pace is slower and the windows are always down.
Iris Marion Young, On Female Body Experience: Throwing Like a Girl and Other Essays|Thus the activity of preservation should be distinguished from the nostalgia accompanying fantasies of a lost home from which the subject is separated and to which he seeks to return. Preservation entails remembrance, which is quite different from nostalgia.
Dennis Lehane, Since We Fell|...you have to bear witness to your dead. You simply have to. You have to step into their energy field of whatever remains of their spirit, their soul, their essence and let it pass through your body. And in the passing, maybe a wisp of it adheres to you, grafts itself to your cells. And in this communion, the dead continue to live. Or strive to.
Nina LaCour, We Are Okay|In the distance are the lights of town. People must be finishing their workdays, picking up their kids, figuring out dinner. They're talking to one another in easy voices about things of great significance and things that don't mean much. The distance between us and all of that living feels insurmountable.
Stephen Jones, Zombie Apocalypse!|We live, if we still do live, in a Sea of Chaos, out of which any fucking monster can evolve.
Jim Thompson, The Killer Inside Me|I'd forgotten about it, and now I forgot it again. There are things that have to be forgotten if you want to go on living.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Call it Irony or destiny of life, but the fact is I failed to make a living from what 'I loved doing the most' nor did I justify for what I was paid for!
Garth Risk Hallberg|Incidental, all of it, of course, but this was what this city bestowed that novels couldn't: not what you needed in order to live, but what made the living worth doing in the first place.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Each of us is impermanent wave of energy folded into the infinite cosmic order. Acknowledgement of the fundamental impermanence of ourselves unchains us from the strictures of living a terrestrial life stuck like a needle vacillating between the magnetic pull of endless desire and the terror of death. Once we achieve freedom from any craving and all desires and we are relieved of all titanic fears, we release ourselves from living in perpetual distress. Once we rid ourselves from any impulse to exist, we discover our true place in the universal order. The composition of our life filament is exactly right when we accept the notion of living and dying with equal stoicism.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The moment we understand life, we will begin to live.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is the greatest gift. As long as I live, I can only be grateful.
Rebecca McNutt, Restless Souls and Shallow Graves: A Short Story|Directing a funeral isn’t about death at all. Funerals are for the living, not the dead.
Jacqueline Pawl, Defying Vesuvius|I’d seen a thousand lifetimes come and go, but had never truly lived.
Drew  Hayes, Split the Party|Bandit or demon, human or beast, none of it made any difference. The bandits had made this a situation of predators and prey. Only living mattered. Everything else was nothing more than an afterthought.
Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution|Before researchers become researchers they should become philosophers. They should consider what the human goal is, what it is that humanity should create.Doctors should first determine at the fundamental level what it is that human beings depend on for life...Modern scientific agriculture, on the other hand, has no such vision. Research wanders about aimlessly, each researcher seeing just one part of the infinite array of natural factors which affect harvest yields.Even though it is the same quarter acre, the farmer must grow his crops differently each year in accordance with variations in weather, insect populations, the condition of the soil, and many other natural factors. Nature is everywhere in perpetual motion; conditions are never exactly the same in any two years.Modern research divides nature into tiny pieces and conducts tests that conform neither with natural law nor with practical experiences. The results are arranged for the convenience of research, not according to the needs of the farmer.
J. Limbu|The hour is only love thus, if you've waited.
Anthony T. Hincks|When you live in a glass house,buying curtains for the windows doesn't help.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|It feels like home, far from home, yet homely. I have always been a fan of Delhi's practical life not that i have lived in an aspiration or yearning to make a living here, but delhi has always been on my soapbox.
Katherine Bogle, Haven|If you live your life worried about the what-ifs, you're going to live a very desolate life.
Katherine Bogle, Haven|You're alive, Haven, but when are you going to start living?
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|It's chance, I tell you,' he interrupted, ' as everything is in a man's life.
Osho, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|Life is a mystery, not a riddle. It has to be lived, not solved.
Charmaine J. Forde|Never grow weary of giving,Your small contribution can make someone else’s life worth living.
Kimberly Morgan, On Angels and Rabbit Holes|Then again, that's how the most successful predators work, she thinks ruefully. We stumble into their traps and do their work for them while we're busy getting on with the business of living.
Ehsan Sehgal|Living and struggling, for others, is a great and dignified life. Whereas, living for oneself exhibits just egocentric and own importance, since mostly falls under it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If safety is my goal, living life is not.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|The Coming of Wisdom with TimeThough leaves are many, the root is one,Through all the lying days of my youthI swayed my leaves and flowers in the sun;Now I may wither into the truth.
Shitij Sharma, The Girl from Rostov|And maybe that is what it comes down to, knowing what the other person needs even before they know it themselves. Maybe it’s just that simple and it is only us who make it complicated with our anniversaries and our gifts, with grand declarations and public demonstrations, empty words and valuable stones.
Sunday Adelaja|Give yourself for the course of living for others, improving their lives, becoming a deliverer to a nation and you will never be at the losing end
Fritz Leiber, A Pail of Air|What matters is that life is good. It has a lovely texture, like some rich cloth or fur, or the petals of flowers, and everything else worthwhile. And that's as true for the last man as the first.
Sunday Adelaja|There are big advantages of living for God, therefore try to spend every minute you have walking with Him, listening to Him and learning of His wisdom
Natasha Tsakos|When Mathematics unfold through Origamis, when video games target Medicine and Education, when architecture embraces nature, when we defy gravity, when physics dance, and dance clubs play Einstein, when we stop playing war, when TV starts saying something, when we produce without wasting, when engineering meets humanity’s primary needs, when all of these are not just casualties, but a standard we all live UP to: Then we’ll know. I’ll know: we really live in the 21st century
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|God put you on earth with a divine assignment- something prepared in advance for you to do. I've found that the things that make us sad, the things that make us righteously angry, or the things we care about that others don't are often a key that unlocks our reason for living. It's our burden.
Naresh Soni|Life is lie, Living is the truth.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The more we understand the simplicity of life, the less complex we shall live.
Paulo Coelho, The Spy|(On the myth of Eros)Each time I recall this myth, I wonder: Are we never to be able to see the true face of love? And I understand what the Greeks meant by this: Love is an act of faith and its face should always be covered in mystery. Every moment should be lived with feeling and emotion because if we try to decipher it and understand it, the magic disappears.
Anaïs Nin, Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love"--The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin|I am not always just living, just following all my fantasies; I come up for air, for understanding.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|You think this is living? This is eating, nothing else.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|So I had something to do, something I'd done, someplace to go, and something to look forward to. That's a reasonable way to live. I enjoyed myself living. I had a good time. How much else can you ask for?""A lot more," Laura said softly, "if you're greedy. I was greedy once.""So was I, but that was a long time ago. You're greediest when you're born, and after that it's downhill all the way. Live to be two hundred and you wouldn't demand anything.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Instead of drifting away from God, you'll be firmly anchored, able to swim against the tide, offering living water to all you meet.
Carrie Brownstein, Hunger Makes Me a Modern Girl|Nostalgia is so certain: the sense of familiarity it instills makes us feel like we know ourselves, like we've lived. To get a sense that we have already journeyed through something - survived it, experienced it - is often so much easier and less messy than the task of currently living through something.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|For people like us, looking towards the future can feel daunting. It can literally make us feel sick to the stomach and often induces panic attacks. Trust me, I’ve been there; I get it. That’s why the far-future should never be at the top of our “to-plan” list. It’s alright to have goals but to stress ourselves out with plans and options and worries of the future is a good way to drive us crazy. However, there is one time when I want you to consider the future. Always have something to look forward to.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|Less thinking, more living.
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|He’s dying!’ Doctor Cove, one of the ship’s two medical officers told me, looking at his med-scanner as he kneeled at the broken body of the only living Corsair on the black ship. I remember the look on his face as he told me – which seemed more to be puzzlement than actual concern. The man was a Corsair after all, and had injuries I could see, but he was conscious, and none of them looked fatal. But then, I’m no doctor. I never was any good at healing anything – and my job was doing the opposite, and I admit I’m pretty good at it. Always have been.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|There was no better way to live, or worse. It was all terrible, and you had to do it constantly,
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|So many people die though they live, and it is not as if they don’t have life; they only refuse to keep breathing!
Mouloud Benzadi|Don't grieve over the past, It's all gone!Don't worry about the future, It may never come! Live in the present, And enjoy every moment
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|My mother sings One day at a time sweet Jesus, and even Daddy likes to say that, one day at a time, as if it's some strategy for living. And yet the quickest way to not live at all is to take life one day at a time.
Erik Pevernagie|We want life to make sense. If we don’t find meaning and orientation, we are bound to fabulate a living and invent an inspiring life story. When we write out a chosen script, we’ll have to make time to hunker down into attuning it to the hitches of the road map, time and again, with fractious patience. ( "Everybody his story" )
A.L. Prusick|It maybe that we have all lived before and died, and this is hell.
Laure Eve, The Graces|That night I think we were trying to fight against death, against boredom and banality, against everything that made us cry and stare at our futures full in the face with dread. We drank and played games to be in the now, to be in each moment as hard as we could, because the moment was all that mattered, at the end of it all. I remember I felt intoxicated on life and darkness. I felt powerful. It was the most natural thing in the world. This was why we were alive– to be powerful and free.
Jewel E. Ann, Scarlet Stone|The only thing worse than living with regret, is dying with regret.
Martha Beck|If you're living completely on your own, break out of solitary confinement. Seek to understand others, and help them understand you.
Han Kang, The Vegetarian|The feeling that she had never really lived in this world caught her by surprise. It was a fact. She had never lived. Even as a child, as far back as she could remember, she had never done nothing but endure. She had believed in her own inherent goodness, her humanity, and lived accordingly, never causing anyone harm.
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|In keeping with your policy of bringing Pollution the latest in death and violence, and in living colour, there’s going to be something entirely different… death without remediation.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Although complex, life is simple. It is individual.Living is the challenge. It is interactive. It's collective.
John Williams|He had come to that moment in his age when there occurred to him, with increasing intensity, a question of such overwhelming simplicity that he had no means to face it. He found himself wondering if his life were worth the living; if it had ever been. It was a question, he suspected, that came to all men at one time or another; he wondered if it came to them with such impersonal force as it came to him. The question brought with it a sadness, but it was a general sadness which (he thought) had little to do with himself or with his particular fate; he was not even sure that the question sprang from the most immediate and obvious causes, from what his own life had become. It came, he believed, from the accretion of his years, from the density of accident and circumstance, and from what he had come to understand of them. He took a grim and ironic pleasure from the possibility that what little learning he had managed to acquire had led him to this knowledge: that in the long run all things, even the learning that let him know this, were futile and empty, and at last diminished into a nothingness they did not alter.-- John Williams, 'Stoner
George MacDonald, Lilith|Now I knew that life and truth were one; that life mere and pure is in itself bliss; that where being is not bliss, it is not life, but life-in-death. Every inspiration of the dark wind that blew where it listed went out a sigh of thanksgiving. At last I was! I lived, and nothing could touch my life! My darling walked beside me, and we were on our way home to see the Father!
Erik Pevernagie|When living is too sweet and swanky, it may be very hard to appreciate the simplest things in life. (“Is that all there is?”)
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If we’re missing life it’s probably because we’re expecting it to reveal itself to us, rather than realizing that life is revealed by us looking for it.
Teo Yi Han|What does the anticipation feel like? The sensation of staring into the void, the awareness of an end’s impending arrival? Burning and being extinguished simultaneously?
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We can fill our lives with ‘stuff,’ but as we do we’re concurrently filling our lives with the obligation to maintain that ‘stuff.
Phil Schwarzmann, How to Marry a Finnish Girl|You're already dead inside. Years of living in Espoo have made you an empty husk of a human being. They don't call their hockey team the "Espoo Blues" for nothing.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We’ve yet to comprehend the impervious reality that to gain ‘life’ we have to do the most scandalous thing imaginable, and that is to work ‘against’ the whole of our humanity and give everything away. And yet to give everything away is to work ‘with’ the whole of God’s character.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We can live out our lives, and in the end realize that we never really ‘lived’ a day in our lives.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To live a lie may allow us to avoid the truth, but the real lie lays in believing that we can avoid the truth in the first place.
Anthony L.S.|The strangest things in life, are often closer to reality, than reality would like to admit.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Life is not about getting everything right, as much as it’s about working to live right.
Clare Furniss, The Year of the Rat|You shouldn't be wasting your time worrying about what's going to happen after you die. It's pointless. Think about what's happening now. In your life. That's what's important. So change the subject, will you?
Clare Furniss, The Year of the Rat|For now the world keeps turning and I keep breathing, in and out, in and out. I breathe in the life that is all around me, in this garden, in this city, in the fields beyond it, in the seas beyond them and the shores on the other side; life that reaches out towards the unreachable, unknowable space that is beyond all of us and the stars that burn there. The world may tip at any moment.But for now that doesn't matter.
Debra Driza, MILA 2.0|Because despite the undeniable knowledge that I wasn't human—or mostly human, anyway—despite the proof the computer screen had show in the repair room, I still picture my interior just the same as any other sixteen-year-old girl's. Blood and guts and bones. A brain, and a functioning heart. Hopes and dreams, fears and sorrow. They could tell me the truth, but they couldn't force me to accept it.
