Neil Gaiman|Normally, in anything I do, I'm fairly miserable. I do it, and I get grumpy because there is a huge, vast gulf, this aching disparity, between the platonic ideal of the project that was living in my head, and the small, sad, wizened, shaking, squeaking thing that I actually produce.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|I simply regard romantic comedies as a subgenre of sci-fi, in which the world created therein has different rules than my regular human world.
Flannery O'Connor, Wise Blood|Where you come from is gone, where you thought you were going to was never there, and where you are is no good unless you can get away from it. Where is there a place for you to be? No place... Nothing outside you can give you any place... In yourself right now is all the place you've got.
Karen Marie Moning, Shadowfever|Desire makes life happen. Makes it matter. Makes everything worth it. Desire is life. Hunger to see the next sunrise or sunset, to touch the one you love, to try again. 'Hell would be waking up and wanting nothing,' he agrees.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|It is after all so easy to shatter a story. To break a chain of thought. To ruin a fragment of a dream being carried around carefully like a piece of porcelain. To let it be, to travel with it, as Velutha did, is much the harder thing to do.
Emil M. Cioran|The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live --moreover, the only one.
Jalaluddin Rumi|This place is a dream. Only a sleeper considers it real. Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief.
Hlovate, Contengan Jalanan|Everybody know death is inevitably coming, but it never fails to catch everybody by surprise everytime one is going
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|It's been a prevalent notion. Fallen sparks. Fragments of vessels broken at the Creation. And someday, somehow, before the end, a gathering back to home. A messenger from the Kingdom, arriving at the last moment. But I tell you there is no such message, no such home -- only the millions of last moments . . . nothing more. Our history is an aggregate of last moments.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.
Andrzej Sapkowski, The Last Wish|People," Geralt turned his head, "like to invent monsters and monstrosities. Then they seem less monstrous themselves. When they get blind-drunk, cheat, steal, beat their wives, starve an old woman, when they kill a trapped fox with an axe or riddle the last existing unicorn with arrows, they like to think that the Bane entering cottages at daybreak is more monstrous than they are. They feel better then. They find it easier to live.
Jack London, The Call of the Wild|There is an ecstasy that marks the summit of life, and beyond which life cannot rise. And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive. This ecstasy, this forgetfulness of living, comes to the artist, caught up and out of himself in a sheet of flame; it comes to the soldier, war-mad in a stricken field and refusing quarter; and it came to Buck, leading the pack, sounding the old wolf-cry, straining after the food that was alive and that fled swiftly before him through the moonlight.
Deepak Chopra|Mathematics expresses values that reflect the cosmos, including orderliness, balance, harmony, logic, and abstract beauty.
Raymond Carver, Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories|But I can hardly sit still. I keep fidgeting, crossing one leg and then the other. I feel like I could throw off sparks, or break a window--maybe rearrange all the furniture.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|I don't judge people. It blurs out the center of my attention,my focus, myself.
Paul Maurer, The Gift - A Runner's Story|Running isn't a sport for pretty boys...It's about the sweat in your hair and the blisters on your feet. Its the frozen spit on your chin and the nausea in your gut. It's about throbbing calves and cramps at midnight that are strong enough to wake the dead. It's about getting out the door and running when the rest of the world is only dreaming about having the passion that you need to live each and every day with. It's about being on a lonely road and running like a champion even when there's not a single soul in sight to cheer you on. Running is all about having the desire to train and persevere until every fiber in your legs, mind, and heart is turned to steel. And when you've finally forged hard enough, you will have become the best runner you can be. And that's all that you can ask for.
Jim Rohn|Let others lead small lives, but not you.. Let others argue over small things, but not you.. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you.. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.
Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!|You won't lag behind, because you'll have the speed. You'll pass the whole gang and you'll soon take the lead.Wherever you fly, you'll be best of the best.Wherever you go, you will top all the rest.Except when you don't.Because, sometimes, you won't.
James Patterson, Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas|Good memories are like charms...Each is special. You collect them, one by one, until one day you look back and discover they make a long, colorful bracelet.
Jürgen Moltmann, Theology of Hope|Totally without hope one cannot live. To live without hope is to cease to live. Hell is hopelessness. It is no accident that above the entrance to Dante's hell is the inscription: "Leave behind all hope, you who enter here.
Dolly Parton|If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|The bounties of space, of infinite outwardness, were three: empty heroics, low comedy, and pointless death.
Carl Sandburg|Life is like an onion; you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
Leo Babauta|The way I define happiness is being the creator of your experience, choosing to take pleasure in what you have, right now, regardless of the circumstances, while being the best you that you can be.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.
Gordon B. Hinckley|It is not so much the major events as the small day-to-day decisions that map the course of our living. . . Our lives are, in reality, the sum total of our seemingly unimportant decisions and of our capacity to live by those decisions.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|The Young Man came to the Old Man seeking counsel.I broke something, Old Man.How badly is it broken?It's in a million little pieces.I'm afraid I can't help you.Why?There's nothing you can do.Why?It can't be fixed.Why?It's broken beyond repair. It's in a million little pieces.
Lisa Genova, Still Alice|She liked being reminded of butterflies. She remembered being six or seven and crying over the fates of the butterflies in her yard after learning that they lived for only a few days. Her mother had comforted her and told her not to be sad for the butterflies, that just because their lives were short didn't mean they were tragic. Watching them flying in the warm sun among the daisies in their garden, her mother had said to her, see, they have a beautiful life. Alice liked remembering that.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Life is only precious because it ends, kid. Take it from a god. You mortals don't know how lucky you are
Arthur Schopenhauer|What disturbs and depresses young people is the hunt for happiness on the firm assumption that it must be met with in life. From this arises constantly deluded hope and so also dissatisfaction. Deceptive images of a vague happiness hover before us in our dreams, and we search in vain for their original. Much would have been gained if, through timely advice and instruction, young people could have had eradicated from their minds the erroneous notion that the world has a great deal to offer them.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|I know I wrote letters to people with no address on this earth, I know that you are dead. But I hear you. I hear all of you. We were here. Our lives matter.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|While there's life, there's hope.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|People die all the time. Life is a lot more fragile than we think. So you should treat others in a way that leaves no regrets. Fairly, and if possible, sincerely. It's too easy not to make the effort, then weep and wring your hands after the person dies.
Lana Del Rey|Find someone who has a life that you want and figure out how they got it. Read books, pick your role models wisely. Find out what they did and do it.
Andrea Gibson|For JennAt 12 years old I started bleeding with the moonand beating up boys who dreamed of becoming astronauts.I fought with my knuckles white as stars,and left bruises the shape of Salem.There are things we know by heart,and things we don't. At 13 my friend Jen tried to teach me how to blow rings of smoke.I'd watch the nicotine rising from her lips like halos,but I could never make dying beautiful.The sky didn't fill with colors the night I convinced myselfveins are kite strings you can only cut free.I suppose I love this life,in spite of my clenched fist.I open my palm and my lifelines look like branches from an Aspen tree,and there are songbirds perched on the tips of my fingers,and I wonder if Beethoven held his breaththe first time his fingers touched the keysthe same way a soldier holds his breaththe first time his finger clicks the trigger.We all have different reasons for forgetting to breathe.But my lungs rememberthe day my mother took my hand and placed it on her bellyand told me the symphony beneath was my baby sister's heartbeat.And I knew life would tremblelike the first tear on a prison guard's hardened cheek,like a prayer on a dying man's lips,like a vet holding a full bottle of whisky like an empty gun in a war zone…just take me just take meSometimes the scales themselves weigh far too much,the heaviness of forever balancing blue sky with red blood.We were all born on days when too many people died in terrible ways,but you still have to call it a birthday.You still have to fall for the prettiest girl on the playground at recessand hope she knows you can hit a baseballfurther than any boy in the whole third gradeand I've been running for homethrough the windpipe of a man who singswhile his hands playing washboard with a spoonon a street corner in New Orleanswhere every boarded up window is still painted with the wordsWe're Coming Backlike a promise to the oceanthat we will always keep moving towards the music,the way Basquait slept in a cardboard box to be closer to the rain.Beauty, catch me on your tongue. Thunder, clap us open.The pupils in our eyes were not born to hide beneath their desks.Tonight lay us down to rest in the Arizona desert,then wake us washing the feet of pregnant womenwho climbed across the border with their bellies aimed towards the sun.I know a thousand things louder than a soldier's gun.I know the heartbeat of his mother.Don't cover your ears, Love.Don't cover your ears, Life.There is a boy writing poems in Central Parkand as he writes he movesand his bones become the bars of Mandela's jail cell stretching apart,and there are men playing chess in the December coldwho can't tell if the breath rising from the boardis their opponents or their own,and there's a woman on the stairwell of the subwayswearing she can hear Niagara Falls from her rooftop in Brooklyn,and I'm remembering how Niagara Falls is a city overrunwith strip malls and traffic and vendorsand one incredibly brave river that makes it all worth it. Ya'll, I know this world is far from perfect.I am not the type to mistake a streetlight for the moon.I know our wounds are deep as the Atlantic.But every ocean has a shorelineand every shoreline has a tidethat is constantly returningto wake the songbirds in our hands, to wake the music in our bones,to place one fearless kiss on the mouth of that brave riverthat has to run through the center of our heartsto find its way home.
Brian Tracy|The only real limitation on your abilities is the level of your desires. If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve. 
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Life is an experimental journey undertaken involuntarily. It is a journey of the spirit through the material world and, since it is the spirit that travels, it is the spirit that is experienced. That is why there exist contemplative souls who have lived more intensely, more widely, more tumultuously than others who have lived their lives purely externally.
Michel Houellebecq, Platform|Anything can happen in life, especially nothing.
Mhairi McFarlane, You Had Me At Hello|Do nothing, and nothing happens. Life is about decisions. You either make them or they're made for you, but you can't avoid them.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|I want to see beauty. In the ugly, in the sink, in the suffering, in the daily, in all the days before I die, the moments before I sleep.
Thomas Merton, Thoughts in Solitude|If a man is to live, he must be all alive, body, soul, mind, heart, spirit.
Yoko Ono|Each time we don't say what we wanna say, we're dying.
David McCullough|To me, history ought to be a source of pleasure. It isn't just part of our civic responsibility. To me, it's an enlargement of the experience of being alive, just the way literature or art or music is."; NEH 2003 Jefferson Lecturer interview profile]
Susan Beth Pfeffer, Life As We Knew It|I wonder if I'll ever have to decide which is worse, life as we're living or no life at all.
Santosh Kalwar|I was lost yesterday, I am found today and I will be forgotten tomorrow.
Leo Babauta|Instead of focusing on how much you can accomplish, focus on how much you can absolutely love what you’re doing.
Tom Hiddleston|Never stop. Never stop fighting. Never stop dreaming. And don’t be afraid of wearing your heart on your sleeve - in declaring the films that you love, the films that you want to make, the life that you’ve had, and the lives you can help reflect in cinema. For myself, for a long time… maybe I felt inauthentic or something, I felt like my voice wasn’t worth hearing, and I think everyone’s voice is worth hearing. So if you’ve got something to say, say it from the rooftops.
Lin Yutang|If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to live
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|Demasiada cordura puede ser la peor de las locuras, ver la vida como es y no como debería de ser.Too much sanity may be madness. And maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be.
Nick Flynn, The Best American Nonrequired Reading 2009|Here's a secret: Everyone, if they live long enough, will lose their way at some point. You will lose your way, you will wake up one morning and find yourself lost. This is a hard, simple truth. If it hasn't happened to you yet, consider yourself lucky. When it does, when one day you look around and nothing is recognizable, when you find yourself alone in a dark wood having lost the way, you may find it easier to blame it on someone else -- an errant lover, a missing father, a bad childhood -- or it may be easier to blame the map you were given -- folded too many times, out-of-date, tiny print -- but mostly, if you are honest, you will only be able to blame yourself.One day I'll tell my daughter a story about a dark time, the dark days before she was born, and how her coming was a ray of light. We got lost for a while, the story will begin, but then we found our way.
Carrie Jones, Entice|You know, life fractures us all into little pieces. It harms us, but it's how we glue those fractures back together that make us stronger.
Joseph Heller|I want to keep my dreams, even bad ones, because without them, I might have nothing all night long.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|Songs and smells will bring you back to a moment in time more than anything else. It's amazing how much can be conjured with a few notes of a song or a solitary whiff of a room. A song you didn't even pay attention to at the time, a place that you didn't even know had a particular smell. I wonder what will someday bring back Dex and our few months together. Maybe the sound of Dido's voice. Maybe the scent of the Aveda shampoo I've been using all summer.
Robert Brault|Having perfected our disguise, we spend our lives searching for someone we don’t fool.
Jeanette Winterson, Lighthousekeeping|I knew it like destiny, and at the same time, I knew it as choice.
H.P. Lovecraft|Contrary to what you may assume, I am not a pessimist but an indifferentist- that is, I don't make the mistake of thinking that the... cosmos... gives a damn one way or the other about the especial wants and ultimate welfare of mosquitoes, rats, lice, dogs, men, horses, pterodactyls, trees, fungi, dodos, or other forms of biological energy.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|There's no benchmark for how life's "supposed" to happen. There is no ideal world for you to wait around for. The world is always just what it is now, it's up to you how you respond to it.
Helen Keller|People don’t like to think, if one thinks, one must reach conclusions. Conclusions are not always pleasant.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|Our individuality is all, all, that we have. There are those who barter it for security, those who repress it for what they believe is the betterment of the whole society, but blessed in the twinkle of the morning star is the one who nurtures it and rides it in, in grace and love and wit, from peculiar station to peculiar station along life's bittersweet route.
Robert W. Service|There's a race of men that don't fit in, A race that can't sit still;So they break the hearts of kith and kin, And they roam the world at will.They range the field and rove the flood, And they climb the mountain's crest; Their's is the curse of the gypsy blood, And they don't know how to rest.
Albert Camus|There is but one truly serious philosophical problem and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy. All the rest — whether or not the world has three dimensions, whether the mind has nine or twelve categories — comes afterwards. These are games; one must first answer.
Ray Bradbury|Self-consciousness is the enemy of all art, be it acting, writing, painting, or living itself, which is the greatest art of all.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Because I'm selfish. I'm a coward. I'm the kind of girl who, when she might actually be of use, would run to stay alive and leave those who couldn't follow to suffer and die.
C. JoyBell C.|There are two things we should always be 1. raw and 2. ready. When you are raw, you are always ready and when you are ready you usually realize that you are raw. Waiting for perfection is not an answer, one cannot say "I will be ready when I am perfect" because then you will never be ready, rather one must say "I am raw and I am ready just like this right now, how and who I am.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Because if you've found meaning in your life, you don't want to go back. You want to go forward.
Anita Shreve, The Pilot's Wife|To leave, after all, was not the same as being left.
Sabrina Ward Harrison, Spilling Open: The Art of Becoming Yourself|I am afraid to show you who I really am, because if I show you who I really am, you might not like it--and that's all I got.
Conan O'Brien|When all else fails, there's always delusion.
Brom, The Child Thief|If you don't learn to laugh at life it'll surely kill you, that I know.
Lin Yutang, The Importance of Living|Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials.
Franz Kafka|All I am is literature, and I am not able or willing to be anything else.
Lana Del Rey|Distance sometimes lets you know who is worth keeping, and who is worth letting go.
J.D. Stroube, Caged by Damnation|A complete stranger has the capacity to alter the life of another irrevocably. This domino effect has the capacity to change the course of an entire world. That is what life is; a chain reaction of individuals colliding with others and influencing their lives without realizing it. A decision that seems miniscule to you, may be monumental to the fate of the world.
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|You don't put your life into your books, you find it there.
Leo Tolstoy|The best stories don't come from "good vs. bad" but "good vs. good.
Kate Atkinson, Case Histories|She should have done science, not spent all her time with her head in novels. Novels gave you a completely false idea about life, they told lies and they implied there were endings when in reality there were no endings, everything just went on and on and on.
Brian Tracy|I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances, Be more active, Show up more often.
Marvin Gaye|If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Those born to wealth, and who have the means of gratifying every wish, know not what is the real happiness of life, just as those who have been tossed on the stormy waters of the ocean on a few frail planks can alone realize the blessings of fair weather.
Søren Kierkegaard|Marry, and you will regret it; don’t marry, you will also regret it; marry or don’t marry, you will regret it either way. Laugh at the world’s foolishness, you will regret it; weep over it, you will regret that too; laugh at the world’s foolishness or weep over it, you will regret both. Believe a woman, you will regret it; believe her not, you will also regret it… Hang yourself, you will regret it; do not hang yourself, and you will regret that too; hang yourself or don’t hang yourself, you’ll regret it either way; whether you hang yourself or do not hang yourself, you will regret both. This, gentlemen, is the essence of all philosophy.
Ken Levine|We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us.
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|How easy it was to capitalize on a person’s own bent for self-destruction; how simple to nudge them into non-being, then to stand back and shrug and agree that it had been the inevitable result of a chaotic, catastrophic life.
Patrick Ness, More Than This|We have to lie to ourselves to live. Otherwise, we'd go crazy.
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|So now you must choose... Are you a child who has not yet become world-weary? Or are you a philosopher who will vow never to become so? To children, the world and everything in it is new, something that gives rise to astonishment. It is not like that for adults. Most adults accept the world as a matter of course. This is precisely where philosophers are a notable exception. A philosopher never gets quite used to the world. To him or her, the world continues to seem a bit unreasonable - bewildering, even enigmatic. Philosophers and small children thus have an important faculty in common. The only thing we require to be good philosophers is the faculty of wonder…
Karl Marx, Critique of the Gotha Program|In a higher phase of communist society, after the enslaving subordination of the individual to the division of labor, and therewith also the antithesis between mental and physical labor, has vanished; after labor has become not only a means of life but life's prime want; after the productive forces have also increased with the all-around development of the individual, and all the springs of co-operative wealth flow more abundantly—only then can the narrow horizon of bourgeois right be crossed in its entirety and society inscribe on its banners: From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs!
Christopher    Rice|Everyday is a bank account, and time is our currency. No one is rich, no one is poor, we've got 24 hours each.
al-Hasan al-Basri|The world is 3 days: As for yesterday, it has vanished along with all that was in it. As for tomorrow, you may never see it. As for today, it is yours, so work on it.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|Life is at its best when everything has fallen out of place, and you decide that you're going to fight to get them right, not when everything is going your way and everyone is praising you.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Ballads and Other Poems|Be still, sad heart! and cease repining;Behind the clouds is the sun still shining;Thy fate is the common fate of all,Into each life some rain must fall
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|I hope you will go out and let stories, that is life, happen to you, and that you will work with these stories... water them with your blood and tears and your laughter till they bloom, till you yourself burst into bloom.
C.J. Redwine, Defiance|It’s probably my job to tell you life isn’t fair, but I figure you already know that. So instead, I’ll tell you that hope is precious, and you’re right not to give up.
A.W. Tozer|Sometimes I go to God and say, "God, if Thou dost never answer another prayer while I live on this earth, I will still worship Thee as long as I live and in the ages to come for what Thou hast done already. God’s already put me so far in debt that if I were to live one million millenniums I couldn’t pay Him for what He’s done for me.
Christopher McCandless|The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
Masashi Kishimoto|Being hurt inevitably breeds feelings of hatred towards your attacker. But when we hurt others, we have to deal with their hatred for us, and our own feelings of guilt. Knowing what it feels like to be hurt is exactly why we try to be kind to others. That’s what makes us humans.
John von Neumann|If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Chosen|All paths are present, always... and we can but choose among them.
Matt Smith|I think, that if the world were a bit more like ComicCon, it would be a better place.
Hermann Hesse, Verliebt in die verrückte Welt: Betrachtungen, Gedichte, Erzählungen, Briefe|I believe that I am not responsible for the meaningfulness or meaninglessness of life, but that I am responsible for what I do with the life I've got.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|She supposed they were imperfections, those marks, but they didn't feel that way to her; they were a history, cut into his body: the map of a life of endless war.
H. Jackson Brown Jr., Life's Little Instruction Book: 511 Suggestions, Observations, and Reminders on How to Live a Happy and Rewarding Life|Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated.
Audrey Niffenegger, Her Fearful Symmetry|There are several ways to react to being lost. One is to panic: this was usually Valentina's first impulse. Another is to abandon yourself to lostness, to allow the fact that you've misplaced yourself to change the way you experience the world.
Leo Babauta|The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched...
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Muscles aching to work, minds aching to create - this is man.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.
Ransom Riggs, Hollow City|Strange, I thought, how you can be living your dreams and your nightmares at the very same time.
Tom Robbins|In the haunted house of life, art is the only stair that doesn't creak.
Bill Watterson|To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|Try patting them on the back or shoulder and telling them everything is going to be fine. Lots of times when girls cry, they don't want you to fix the problem, they just want to be consoled.
Bob Dylan|It frightens me, the awful truth, of how sweet life can be...
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|In fact no one recognizes the happiest moment of their lives as they are living it. It may well be that, in a moment of joy, one might sincerely believe that they are living that golden instant "now," even having lived such a moment before, but whatever they say, in one part of their hearts they still believe in the certainty of a happier moment to come. Because how could anyone, and particularly anyone who is still young, carry on with the belief that everything could only get worse: If a person is happy enough to think he has reached the happiest moment of his life, he will be hopeful enough to believe his future will be just as beautiful, more so.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Isn't it strange that I know you'd risk your life to save mine, but I don't even know what your favorite color is?
Andy Rooney|It's paradoxical that the idea of living a long life appeals to everyone, but the idea of getting old doesn't appeal to anyone.
Susanna Kearsley, Mariana|The past can teach us, nurture us, but it cannot sustain us. The essence of life is change, and we must move ever forward or the soul will wither and die.
John Green, Paper Towns|I don't know how I look, but I know how I feel: Young. Goofy. Infinite.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|Life's a freaking mess. In fact, I'm going to tell Sarah we need to start a new philosophical movement: messessentialism instead of existentialism: For those who revel in the essential mess that is life. Because Gram's right, there's not one truth ever, just a bunch of stories, all going on at once, in our heads, in our hearts, all getting in the way of each other. It's all a beautiful calamitous mess. It's like the day Mr. James took us into the woods and cried triumphantly, "That's it! That's it!" to the dizzying cacophony of soloing instruments trying to make music together. That is it.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|That is the hardest thing of all. It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself, it's because you're truly a wise man.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|There are no conditions to which a person cannot grow accustomed, especially if he sees that everyone around him lives in the same way.
Marcus Garvey|If you haven't confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life. With confidence, you have won even before you have started. 
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." (George Santayana)I've got news for Mr. Santayana: we're doomed to repeat the past no matter what. That's what it is to be alive.
Carl Sandburg|A man must find time for himself. Time is what we spend our lives with. If we are not careful we find others spending it for us. . . . It is necessary now and then for a man to go away by himself and experience loneliness; to sit on a rock in the forest and to ask of himself, 'Who am I, and where have I been, and where am I going?' . . . If one is not careful, one allows diversions to take up one's time—the stuff of life.
Marie Lu, Champion|I always knew, on some level, that I wouldn't live long. It's simply not written in my stars.
Kurt Cobain|There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life.
Lao Tzu|In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Giant|Life is full of grief, to exactly the degree we allow ourselves to love other people.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I knew that in the silence that followed, that anything could happen here. It might be too late again. I might have missed my chance. But I would at least know I tried, that I took my heart and extended my hand, whatever the outcome.
Robin Hobb, The Mad Ship|Everyone thinks that courage is about facing death without flinching. But almost anyone can do that. Almost anyone can hold their breath and not scream for as long as it takes to die. True courage is about facing life without flinching. I don't mean the times when the right path is hard, but glorious at the end. I'm talking about enduring the boredom, the messiness, and the inconvenience of doing what is right.
John Updike, A Month Of Sundays|Suspect each moment, for it is a thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings.
Lucas Scott|It was a comet. The boy saw the comet and he felt as though his life had meaning. And when it went away, he waited his entire life for it to come back to him. It was more than just a comet because of what it brought to his life: direction, beauty, meaning. There are many who couldn't understand, and sometimes he walked among them. But even in his darkest hours, he knew in his heart that someday it would return to him, and his world would be whole again... And his belief in God and love and art would be re-awakened in his heart. The boy saw the comet and suddenly his life had meaning.
Gregory David Roberts|If fate doesn't make you laugh, you just don't get the joke.
Reba McEntire|To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Studies in Pessimism: The Essays|If children were brought into the world by an act of pure reason alone, would the human race continue to exist? Would not a man rather have so much sympathy with the coming generation as to spare it the burden of existence, or at any rate not take it upon himself to impose that burden upon it in cold blood?
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|Dead people can be our heroes because they cant disappoint us later; they only improve over time, as we forget more and more about them.
José Saramago, Death with Interruptions|Whether we like it or not, the one justification for the existence of all religions is death, they need death as much as we need bread to eat.
Saul D. Alinsky, Reveille for Radicals|Life is an adventure of passion, risk, danger, laughter, beauty, love; a burning curiosity to go with the action to see what it is all about, to go search for a pattern of meaning, to burn one's bridges because you're never going to go back anyway, and to live to the end.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|When we fail to set boundaries and hold people accountable, we feel used and mistreated. This is why we sometimes attack who they are, which is far more hurtful than addressing a behavior or a choice.
Peter Stone|In my many years I have come to a conclusion that one useless man is a shame, two is a law firm, and three or more is a congress.
Anna Wintour|It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.
Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait|Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait.
Charles M. Schulz|Well, I can understand how you feel. You worked hard, studying for the spelling bee, and I suppose you feel you let everyone down, and you made a fool of yourself and everything. But did you notice something, Charlie Brown?" "What's that?""The world didn't come to an end.
Chelsea Fine, Anew|Tristan was silent for a few moments, looking at the leaves before them. "Life isn't about the past and the future. It's about today." He paused. "It's about five minutes from now and two seconds ago. It's moments, you know? Not years. Years aren't what define us.
Julian Gough, Juno & Juliet|Hurt is a part of life. To be honest, I think hurt is a part of happiness, that our definition of happiness has gotten very narrow lately, very nervous, a little afraid of this brawling, fabulous, unpredictable world.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|Whoever said that the past isn't dead had it backward. It's the future that's already dead, already played out.
David Foster Wallace|To me, at least in retrospect, the really interesting question is why dullness proves to be such a powerful impediment to attention. Why we recoil from the dull. Maybe it’s because dullness is intrinsically painful; maybe that’s where phrases like ‘deadly dull’ or ‘excruciatingly dull’ come from. But there might be more to it. Maybe dullness is associated with psychic pain because something that’s dull or opaque fails to provide enough stimulation to distract people from some other, deeper type of pain that is always there, if only in an ambient, low-level way, and which most of us spend nearly all our time and energy trying to distract ourselves from feeling, or at least from feeling directly or with our full attention. Admittedly, the whole thing’s pretty confusing, and hard to talk about abstractly…but surely something must lie behind not just Muzak in dull or tedious places any more but now also actual TV in waiting rooms, supermarkets’ checkouts, airport gates, SUVs’ backseats. Walkman, iPods, BlackBerries, cell phones that attach to your head. This terror of silence with nothing diverting to do. I can’t think anyone really believes that today’s so-called ‘information society’ is just about information. Everyone knows it’s about something else, way down.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Life did not stop, and one had to live.
J.R. Ward, Lover Avenged|Life is such a glorious trauma, is it not?
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.
Paulo Coelho, Aleph|In magic - and in life - there is only the present moment, the now. You can't measure time the way you measure the distance between two points. 'Time' doesn't pass. We human beings have enormous difficulty in focusing on the present; we're always thinking about what we did, about how we could have done it better, about the consequences of our actions, and about why we didn't act as we should have. Or else we think about the future, about what we're going to do tomorrow, what precautions we should take, what dangers await us around the next corner, how to avoid what we don't want and how to get what we have always dreamed of.
John Grogan, Marley and Me: Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog|Dogs are great. Bad dogs, if you can really call them that, are perhaps the greatest of them all.
Joseph Campbell|The first step to the knowledge of the wonder and mystery of life is the recognition of the monstrous nature of the earthly human realm as well as its glory, the realization that this is just how it is and that it cannot and will not be changed. Those who think they know how the universe could have been had they created it, without pain, without sorrow, without time, without death, are unfit for illumination.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|You'll forget it when you're dead, and so will I. When I'm dead, I'm going to forget everything–and I advise you to do the same.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Holding this soft, small living creature in my lap this way, though, and seeing how it slept with complete trust in me, I felt a warm rush in my chest. I put my hand on the cat's chest and felt his heart beating. The pulse was faint and fast, but his heart, like mine, was ticking off the time allotted to his small body with all the restless earnestness of my own.
Julia Hoban, Willow|Well, sometimes I worry that my whole life will be based about what's comfortable and easy. I'll care too much about what makes me feel good to ever really reach for anything. And then I worry that even if I do, I won't succeed.
Jackson Pearce, Fathomless|It is beautiful, it is endless, it is full and yet seems empty. It hurts us.
Frances E. Willard|The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum. 
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|Life consists of two days, one for you one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.
Chetan Bhagat|Life is not to be taken seriously, as we are really temporary here. We are like a pre-paid card with limited validity. If we are lucky, we may last another 50 years. And 50 years is just 2,500 weekends. Do we really need to get so worked up? It’s ok, bunk a few classes, goof up a few interviews, fall in love. We are people, not programmed devices.
Morrissey|Tried living in the real world instead of a shell, but I was bored before I even began.
Tana French, In the Woods|What I am telling you, before you begin my story, is this -- two things: I crave truth. And I lie. 
Cary Grant|My formula for life is very simple: in the morning, wake up; at night, go to sleep. In between I try and occupy myself as best I can.
Martin Luther King Jr.|It may be true that the law cannot make a man love me, but it can stop him from lynching me, and I think that's pretty important.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|If this book has a lesson, it is that we are awfully lucky to be here-and by 'we' I mean every living thing. To attain any kind of life in this universe of ours appears to be quite an achievement. As humans we are doubly lucky, of course: We enjoy not only the privilege of existence but also the singular ability to appreciate it and even, in a multitude of ways, to make it better. It is a talent we have only barely begun to grasp.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|Too late, I found you can't wait to become perfect, you got to go out and fall down and get up with everybody else.
H.L. Mencken|You can't do anything about the length of your life, but you can do something about its width and depth.
Alexandra Adornetto, Halo|Sometimes it's better to stop trying to make sense of things. Life isn't clear cut, there are always gray areas.
Lily Tomlin|I said "Somebody should do something about that." Then I realized I am somebody.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|When someone is seeking,” said Siddartha, “It happens quite easily that he only sees the thing that he is seeking; that he is unable to find anything, unable to absorb anything, because he is only thinking of the thing he is seeking, because he has a goal, because he is obsessed with his goal. Seeking means: to have a goal; but finding means: to be free, to be receptive, to have no goal. You, O worthy one, are perhaps indeed a seeker, for in striving towards your goal, you do not see many things that are under your nose.
Stephen Hawking|When people ask me if a god created the universe, I tell them that the question itself makes no sense. Time didn’t exist before the big bang, so there is no time for god to make the universe in. It’s like asking directions to the edge of the earth; The Earth is a sphere; it doesn’t have an edge; so looking for it is a futile exercise. We are each free to believe what we want, and it’s my view that the simplest explanation is; there is no god. No one created our universe,and no one directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization; There is probably no heaven, and no afterlife either. We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe, and for that I am extremely grateful.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings.
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom The Bell Tolls|How little we know of what there is to know. I wish that I were going to live a long time instead of going to die today because I have learned much about life in these four days; more, I think than in all other time. I'd like to be an old man to really know. I wonder if you keep on learning or if there is only a certain amount each man can understand. I thought I knew so many things that I know nothing of. I wish there was more time.
Sakyong Mipham|Like gravity, karma is so basic we often don't even notice it.
Omar Khayyám, Quatrains - Ballades|Your hand can seize today, but not tomorrow; and thoughts of your tomorrow are nothing but desire. Don’t waste this breath, if your heart isn’t crazy, since "the rest of your life" won’t last forever.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Through all of living have much joy and laughter, life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|This is our story to tell. You’d think for all the reading I do, I would have thought about this before, but I haven’t. I’ve never once thought about the interpretative, the story telling aspect of life, of my life. I always felt like I was in a story, yes, but not like I was the author of it, or like I had any say in its telling whatsoever.
Annie Dillard|Spend the afternoon, you can't take it with you.
Mark Oliver Everett, Things The Grandchildren Should Know|Life is so full of unpredictable beauty and strange surprises. Sometimes that beauty is too much for me to handle. Do you know that feeling? When something is just too beautiful? When someone says something or writes something or plays something that moves you to the point of tears, maybe even changes you.
Og Mandino|Count your blessings. Once you realize how valuable you are and how much you have going for you, the smiles will return, the sun will break out, the music will play, and you will finally be able to move forward the life that God intended for you with grace, strength, courage, and confidence.
Edward Abbey, Desert Solitaire|A man could be a lover and defender of the wilderness without ever in his lifetime leaving the boundaries of asphalt, powerlines, and right-angled surfaces. We need wilderness whether or not we ever set foot in it. We need a refuge even though we may never need to set foot in it. We need the possibility of escape as surely as we need hope; without it the life of the cities would drive all men into crime or drugs or psychoanalysis.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|He found himself understanding the wearisomeness of this life, where every path was an improvisation and a considerable part of one's waking life was spent watching one's feet.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|Or, rather, let us be more simple and less vain.
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|Every last minute of my life has been preordained and I'm sick and tired of it.How this feels is I'm just another task in God's daily planner: the Italian Renaissance penciled in for right after the Dark Ages....The Information Age is scheduled immediately after the Industrial Revolution. Then the Postmodern Era, then the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Famine. Check. Pestilence. Check. War. Check. Death. Check. And between the big events, the earthquakes and the tidal waves, God's got me squeezed in for a cameo appearance. Then maybe in thirty years, or maybe next year, God's daily planner has me finished.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation. From the desperate city you go into the desperate country, and have to console yourself with the bravery of minks and muskrats. A stereotyped but unconscious despair is concealed even under what are called the games and amusements of mankind. There is no play in them, for this comes after work. But it is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
Emil M. Cioran|A zoologist who observed gorillas in their native habitat was amazed by the uniformity of their life and their vast idleness. Hours and hours without doing anything. Was boredom unknown to them? This is indeed a question raised by a human, a busy ape. Far from fleeing monotony, animals crave it, and what they most dread is to see it end. For it ends, only to be replaced by fear, the cause of all activity. Inaction is divine; yet it is against inaction that man has rebelled. Man alone, in nature, is incapable of enduring monotony, man alone wants something to happen at all costs—something, anything.... Thereby he shows himself unworthy of his ancestor: the need for novelty is the characteristic of an alienated gorilla.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Oh, something is there, waiting for me. Perhaps someday the revelation will burst in upon me and I will see the other side of this monumental grotesque joke. And then I'll laugh. And then I'll know what life is.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|Some people appear to be happy, but they simply don't give the matter much thought. Others make plans: I'm going to have a husband, a home, two children, a house in the country. As long as they're busy doing that, they're like bulls looking for the bullfighter: they react instinctively, they blunder on, with no idea where the target is. They get their car, sometimes they even get a Ferrari, and they think that's the meaning of life, and they never question it. Yet their eyes betray the sadness that even they don't know they carry in their soul. Are you happy?
Woody Allen, Annie Hall: Screenplay|There's an old joke - um... two elderly women are at a Catskill mountain resort, and one of 'em says, "Boy, the food at this place is really terrible." The other one says, "Yeah, I know; and such small portions." Well, that's essentially how I feel about life - full of loneliness, and misery, and suffering, and unhappiness, and it's all over much too quickly.
Albert Camus, L'Étranger|Mostly, I could tell, I made him feel uncomfortable. He didn't understand me, and he was sort of holding it against me. I felt the urge to reassure him that I was like everybody else, just like everybody else. But really there wasn't much point, and I gave up the idea out of laziness.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|You've never lived what you are thinking, and that isn't good. Only the ideas we actually live are of any value.
Chuck Palahniuk, Stranger than Fiction|Everything is funnier in retrospect, funnier and prettier and cooler. You can laugh at anything from far enough away.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|You don't read Gatsby, I said, to learn whether adultery is good or bad but to learn about how complicated issues such as adultery and fidelity and marriage are. A great novel heightens your senses and sensitivity to the complexities of life and of individuals, and prevents you from the self-righteousness that sees morality in fixed formulas about good and evil.
Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists|I think, well, I've had a shit of a life, all things considered. It wasn't fair. Everyone I've ever loved is dead, and my leg hurts all the bloody time... But I think, any God that can do sunsets like that, a different one every night... 'Strewth, well, you've got to respect the old bastard, haven't you?
Diane Von Furstenberg|You're always with yourself, so you might as well enjoy the company.
Lana Del Rey|I once had a dreams of becoming a beautiful poet, but upon an unfortunate series of events some of those dreams dashed and divided like a million stars in the night sky that I wished on over and over again, sparkling and broken.But I didn't really mind, because I knew that it takes getting everything you ever wanted, and then losing it to know what true freedom is.
Jean Webster|I'm going to enjoy every second, and I'm going to know I'm enjoying it while I'm enjoying it. Most people don't live; they just race. They are trying to reach some goal far away on the horizon, and in the heat of the going they get so breathless and panting that they lose sight of the beautiful, tranquil country they are passing through; and then the first thing they know, they are old and worn out, and it doesn't make any difference whether they've reached the goal or not.
Douglas Coupland, Life After God|My mind then wandered. I thought of this: I thought of how every day each of us experiences a few little moments that have just a bit more resonance than other moments—we hear a word that sticks in our mind—or maybe we have a small experience that pulls us out of ourselves, if only briefly—we share a hotel elevator with a bride in her veils, say, or a stranger gives us a piece of bread to feed to the mallard ducks in the lagoon; a small child starts a conversation with us in a Dairy Queen—or we have an episode like the one I had with the M&M cars back at the Husky station. And if we were to collect these small moments in a notebook and save them over a period of months we would see certain trends emerge from our collection—certain voices would emerge that have been trying to speak through us. We would realize that we have been having another life altogether; one we didn’t even know was going on inside us. And maybe this other life is more important than the one we think of as being real—this clunky day-to-day world of furniture and noise and metal. So just maybe it is these small silent moments which are the true story-making events of our lives.
Bill Watterson, It's a Magical World: A Calvin and Hobbes Collection|In the short term, it would make me happy to go play outside. In the long term, it would make me happier to do well at school and become successful. But in the VERY long term, I know which will make better memories.
Irvin D. Yalom, When Nietzsche Wept|It is wrong to bear children out of need, wrong to use a child to alleviate loneliness, wrong to provide purpose in life by reproducing another copy of oneself. It is wrong also to seek immortality by spewing one's germ into the future as though sperm contains your consciousness!
Jessica Park, Flat-Out Love|The friends you make in college are friends you'll have for life, even if you don't talk for years at a time.
Betty White, If You Ask Me|If one has no sense of humor, one is in trouble.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|And you know, there's less charm in life when you think about death--but it's more peaceful.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?
Seneca|Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.
Angelina Jolie|You'd think, 'What if I make a mistake today, I'll regret it'. I don’t believe in regret, I feel everything leads us to where we are and we have to just jump forward, mean well, commit and just see what happens.
James Patterson, Sundays at Tiffany's|Just because life is hard, and always ends in a bad way, doesn't mean that all stories have to, even if that's what they tell us in school and in the New York Times Review. In fact, it's a good thing that stories are as different as we are, one from another.
Eric Wright|But instead of spending our lives running towards our dreams, we are often running away from a fear of failure or a fear of criticism.
Alan W. Watts|If you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you'll spend your life completely wasting your time. You'll be doing things you don't like doing in order to go on living, that is to go on doing thing you don't like doing, which is stupid.
C. JoyBell C.|Grace is what picks me up and lifts my wings high above and I fly! Grace always conquers! Be graceful in everything; in anger, in sadness, in joy, in kindness, in unkindness, retain grace with you!
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Everything changes in my life, and the world stays the same.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.
Stuart Chase|For those who believe, no proof is necessary. For those who don't believe, no proof is possible.
Richard Bach|No matter how qualified or deserving we are, we will never reach a better life until we can imagine it for ourselves and allow ourselves to have it.
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|They know that tragedy is not glamorous. They know it doesn't play out in life as it does on a stage or between the pages of a book. It is neither a punishment meted out nor a lesson conferred. Its horrors are not attributable to one single person. Tragedy is ugly and tangled, stupid and confusing.
Maya Angelou|My life has been one great big joke,A dance that's walked,A song that's spoke,I laugh so hard I almost choke,When I think about myself.
Jodi Picoult, Plain Truth|If you're afraid of everyone leaving you, what do you do?"Make them stay."And if you can't do that, or don't know how to?"Ellie shrugged. "I don't know."Yes, you do. In fact, you've done it. You leave first," Coop said, "so you don't have to watch them walk away.
James Frey, My Friend Leonard|Leonard asks me if there's anything I need to know before he dies, I think about it for a minute, turn to him, say what's the meaning of life, Leonard? He laughs, says that's an easy one, my son, it's whatever you want it to be.
Claudia Gray|Everyone is lonely, we have to remember that life is to be lived one day at a time. You cannot worry about the past or future. Happiness is in the now.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|It's not always easy being her daughter.' I think,' she said, 'sometimes it's hard no matter whose daughter you are.
Stephen Fry|I have written it before and am not ashamed to write it again. Without Wodehouse I am not sure that I would be a tenth of what I am today -- whatever that may be. In my teenage years, his writings awoke me to the possibilities of language. His rhythms, tropes, tricks and mannerisms are deep within me.But more than that, he taught me something about good nature. It is enough to be benign, to be gentle, to be funny, to be kind.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project|When I look at my old pictures, all I can see is what I used to be but am no longer. I think: What I can see is what I am not.
Corey Taylor, Seven Deadly Sins: Settling the Argument Between Born Bad and Damaged Good|The future is meant for those who are willing to let go of the worst parts of the past. When you cannot take two steps without turning around to inspect your footsteps, you are getting nowhere fast.
Morrissey|Don't leave it all unsaid,somewhere in the wasteland of your head.
Michael  Summers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night. The champagne was non-alcoholic. You didn't notice, and laughed at my jokes anyway.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|Every man should lose a battle in his youth, so he does not lose a war when he is old.
Carl Sagan|A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|One time I saw a tiny Joshua tree sapling growing not too far from the old tree. I wanted to dig it up and replant it near our house. I told Mom that I would protect it from the wind and water it every day so that it could grow nice and tall and straight. Mom frowned at me. "You'd be destroying what makes it special," she said. "It's the Joshua tree's struggle that gives it its beauty.
Anton Chekhov|You have lost your reason and taken the wrong path. You have taken lies for truth, and hideousness for beauty. You would marvel if, owing to strange events of some sorts, frogs and lizards suddenly grew on apple and orange trees instead of fruit, or if roses began to smell like a sweating horse; so I marvel at you who exchange heaven for earth. I don't want to understand you.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory that someone has left this world, you are still in it. And the very act of living is a tide: at first it seems to make no difference at all, and then one day you look down and see how much pain has eroded.
Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!|Fame you'll be famous, as famous as can be, with everyone watching you win on TV, Except when they don't because sometimes they won't..
D.H. Lawrence|Life is ours to be spent, not tobe saved.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|And when you look at the sky you know you are looking at stars which are hundreds and thousands of light-years away from you. And some of the stars don’t even exist anymore because their light has taken so long to get to us that they are already dead, or they have exploded and collapsed into red dwarfs. And that makes you seem very small, and if you have difficult things in you life it is nice to think that they are what is called negligible, which means they are so small you don’t have to take them into account when you are calculating something.
Henry James, The Ambassadors|Live all you can: it's a mistake not to. It doesn't matter what you do in particular, so long as you have had your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.
Goldie Hawn|Why not just live in the moment, especially if it has a good beat?
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|Life sucks, and then you die.Yeah, I should be so lucky.
Brian Tracy|The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term, is the indispensable prerequisite for success.
Denis Waitley|There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them
David Rossi|Scars show us where we have been, they do not dictate where we are going.
Scott Adams|Life is half delicious yogurt, half crap, and your job is to keep the plastic spoon in the yogurt.
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|Life makes fools of all of us sooner or later. But keep your sense of humor and you'll at least be able to take your humiliations with some measure of grace. In the end, you know, its our own expectations that crush us.
Samuel Beckett|No, I regret nothing, all I regret is having been born, dying is such a long tiresome business I always found.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|I used many times to touch my own chest and feel, under its asthmatic quiver, the engine of the heart and lungs and blood and feel amazed at what I sensed was the enormity of the power I possessed. Not magical power, but real power. The power simply to go on, the power to endure, that is power enough, but I felt I had also the power to create, to add, to delight, to amaze and to transform.
Roy T. Bennett|If you care about someone enough, you’ll always be there for them no matter what.
Jane Green, Bookends|... you don't have to wait for someone to treat you bad repeatedly. All it takes is once, and if they get away with it that once, if they know they can treat you like that, then it sets the pattern for the future.
Frederick Buechner, The Alphabet of Grace|Life is grace. Sleep is forgiveness. The night absolves. Darkness wipes the slate clean, not spotless to be sure, but clean enough for another day's chalking.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I feel like a big faker because I've been putting my life back together, and nobody knows.
Jeanette Winterson|Do you wake up as I do, having forgotten what it is that hurts or where, until you move? There is a second of consciousness that is clean again. A second that is you, without memory or experience, the animal warm and waking into a brand new world. There is the sun dissolving the dark, and light as clear as music, filling the room where you sleep and the other rooms behind your eyes.
Carroll Bryant|Know who you are, and be it. Know what you want, and go out and get it!
Kevin Brockmeier, The View from the Seventh Layer|Sometimes you imagine that everything could have been different for you, that if only you had gone right one day when you chose to go left, you would be living a life you could never have anticipated. But at other times you think there was no other way forward--that you were always bound to end up exactly where you have.
Robert E. Howard, Queen of the Black Coast|I have known many gods. He who denies them is as blind as he who trusts them too deeply. I seek not beyond death. It may be the blackness averred by the Nemedian skeptics, or Crom's realm of ice and cloud, or the snowy plains and vaulted halls of the Nordheimer's Valhalla. I know not, nor do I care. Let me live deep while I live; let me know the rich juices of red meat and stinging wine on my palate, the hot embrace of white arms, the mad exultation of battle when the blue blades flame and crimson, and I am content. Let teachers and philosophers brood over questions of reality and illusion. I know this: if life is illusion, then I am no less an illusion, and being thus, the illusion is real to me. I live, I burn with life, I love, I slay, and am content.
T.S. Eliot|There is one who remembers the way to your door: Life you may evade, but Death you shall not.
Tonya Hurley, Ghostgirl|Life sucks, then you die. Then it sucks again. 
Masashi Kishimoto|One day you will be the one called Master (Naruto). You'll be the one to treat others to ramen. We can't stay kids forever."- Shikamaru Nara (Naruto)
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|You can play it safe, and I wouldn't blame you for it. You can continue as you've been doing, and you'll survive, but is that what you want? Is that enough?
Viktor E. Frankl, The Doctor and the Soul|We cannot, after all, judge a biography by its length, by the number of pages in it; we must judge by the richness of the contents...Sometimes the 'unfinisheds' are among the most beautiful symphonies.
Anthony Robbins|People are not lazy, they simply have impotent goals..that is..goals that do not inspire them.
Sarah Dessen|After all, it's all kinds of things that make up a life, right? The big, like falling in love and spending time with your family, and the little....like blow drying your hair, applying concealer, and cursing those magazine inserts. It all counts. It has to.
John Green, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|I always had this idea that you should never give up a happy middle in the hopes of a happy ending, because there is no such thing as a happy ending. Do you know what I mean? There is so much to lose.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|We're so engaged in doing things to achieve purposes of outer value that we forget the inner value, the rapture that is associated with being alive, is what it is all about.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more important than food, and the body more important than clothes?Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they?Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life?And why do you worry about clothes? See how the lilies of the field grow. They do not labour or spin. Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you, O you of little faith?So do not worry, saying, ``What shall we eat?'' or ``What shall we drink?'' or ``What shall we wear?'' For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.- Matthew 6:25-34
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|No,’ Nico said. ‘Getting a second life is one thing. Making it a better life, that’s the trick.’ As soon as he said it, Nico realized he could’ve been talking about himself. He decided not to bring that up.
Masashi Kishimoto|People live their lives bound by what they accept as correct and true. That’s how they define Reality. But what does it mean to be “correct” or “true”? Merely vague concepts… Their Reality may all be a mirage. Can we consider them to simply be living in their own world, shaped by their beliefs?
Brian Andreas|I'm not sure if there's one right place I'm supposed to be, he said, but I know a couple of wrong places I'd give a second try in a heartbeat. 
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|Do you know how there are moments when the world moves so slowly you can feel your bones shifting, your mind tumbling? When you think that no matter what happens to you for the rest of your life, you will remember every last detail of that one minute forever?
John Muir, A Thousand-Mile Walk to the Gulf|On no subject are our ideas more warped and pitiable than on death. ... Let children walk with nature, let them see the beautiful blendings and communions of death and life, their joyous inseparable unity, as taught in woods and meadows, plains and mountains and streams of our blessed star, and they will learn that death is stingless indeed, and as beautiful as life, and that the grave has no victory, for it never fights.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|War is not for winning, Masha," sighed Koschei, reading the tracks of supply lines, of pincer strategies, over her shoulder. "It is for surviving.
Alysha Speer|I choose to write because it's perfect for me. It's an escape, a place I can go to hide. It's a friend, when I feel out casted from everyone else. It's a journal, when the only story I can tell is my own. It's a book, when I need to be somewhere else. It's control, when I feel so out of control. It's healing, when everything seems pretty messed up.And it's fun, when life is just flat-out boring.
Joan Erickson|Vital lives are about action. You can't feel warmth unless you create it, can't feel delight until you play, can't know serendipity unless you risk.
Roy T. Bennett|Nobody is exempt from the trials of life, but everyone can always find something positive in everything even in the worst of times.
Alan Moore, Watchmen|Real life is messy, inconsistent, and it's seldom when anything ever really gets resolved. It's taken me a long time to realize that.
Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson|To live greatly, we must develop the capacity to face trouble with courage, disappointment with cheerfulness, and triumph with humility.
Nicholas Sparks|Do you know what you're saying when you say, "Whatever"? It's just a code word for the f-word, followed by "you." And at your age, you never, ever. say that to anyone.' " Blaze leaned back. "So now, when someone says it to me, I just say, 'You too.' (72)
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Strange, what being forced to slow down could do to a person.
Og Mandino|Realize that true happiness lies within you. Waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside. Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving. Reach out. Share. Smile. Hug. Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
Nicholas Sparks|You should read something else."Why would he have done that to him?"I don't know," she said.Do you ever feel like Job?"She smiled, a little twinkle in her eyes.Sometimes."But you haven't lost your faith?"No," I knew she hadn't, but I think I was losing mine.Is it because you think you might get better?"No," she said,"its because its the only thing I have left.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|For I am—or I was—one of those people who pride themselves in on their willpower, on their ability to make a decision and carry it through. This virtue, like most virtues, is ambiguity itself. People who believe that they are strong-willed and the masters of their destiny can only continue to believe this by becoming specialists in self-deception. Their decisions are not really decisions at all—a real decision makes one humble, one knows that it is at the mercy of more things than can be named—but elaborate systems of evasion, of illusion, designed to make themselves and the world appear to be what they and the world are not. This is certainly what my decision, made so long ago in Joey’s bed, came to. I had decided to allow no room in the universe for something which shamed and frightened me. I succeeded very well—by not looking at the universe, by not looking at myself, by remaining, in effect, in constant motion.
Evanescence|Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|Anymore, no one's mind is their own.
Morgan Matson, Since You've Been Gone|All the stuff you can’t wait to get away from, until it’s not there anymore, and then you miss it like crazy.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Do not become someone else just because you are hurt. Be who you are & smile, it may solve, all problems you have got.
Ashley  Smith|Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Oh, for the years I have not lived, but only dreamed of living.
C.G. Jung|Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
Gena Showalter, Oh My Goth|There are times I wish I were invisible. Which is silly, since I do everything I can to stand out.
Harper Lee|As you grow up, always tell the truth, do no harm to others, and don't think you are the most important being on earth. Rich or poor, you then can look anyone in the eye and say, 'I'm probably no better than you, but I'm certainly your equal.
Patricia Briggs, When Demons Walk|When life doesn't meet your expectations, it was important to take it with grace.
Ai Yazawa|The longer we live, the more weight we carry in our hearts.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|Because it begins to seem to me at such times that I am incapable of beginning a life in real life, because it has seemed to me that I have lost all touch, all instinct for the actual, the real; because at last I have cursed myself; because after my fantastic nights I have moments of returning sobriety, which are awful! Meanwhile, you hear the whirl and roar of the crowd in the vortex of life around you; you hear, you see, men living in reality; you see that life for them is not forbidden, that their life does not float away like a dream, like a vision; that their life is being eternally renewed, eternally youthful, and not one hour of it is the same as another; while fancy is so spiritless, monotonous to vulgarity and easily scared, the slave of shadows, of the idea, the slave of the first cloud that shrouds the sun... One feels that this inexhaustible fancy is weary at last and worn out with continual exercise, because one is growing into manhood, outgrowing one's old ideals: they are being shattered into fragments, into dust; if there is no other life one must build one up from the fragments. And meanwhile the soul longs and craves for something else! And in vain the dreamer rakes over his old dreams, as though seeking a spark among the embers, to fan them into flame, to warm his chilled heart by the rekindled fire, and to rouse up in it again all that was so sweet, that touched his heart, that set his blood boiling, drew tears from his eyes, and so luxuriously deceived him!
C. JoyBell C.|I am never alone wherever I am. The air itself supplies me with a century of love. When I breathe in, I am breathing in the laughter, tears, victories, passions, thoughts, memories, existence, joys, moments, and the hues of the sunlight on many tones of skin; I am breathing in the same air that was exhaled by many before me. The air that bore them life. And so how can I ever say that I am alone?
Germaine Greer|You're only young once, but you can be immature forever
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|She felt... how life, from being made up of little separate incidents which one lived one by one, became curled and whole like a wave which bore one up with it and threw one down with it, there, with a dash on the beach.
Helen Keller, The Open Door|Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters|There are times in our lives when we have to realize our past is precisely what it is, and we cannot change it. But we can change the story we tell ourselves about it, and by doing that, we can change the future.
David Almond, Jackdaw Summer|I don’t want to be little again. But at the same time I do. I want to be me like I was then, and me as I am now, and me like I’ll be in the future. I want to be me and nothing but me. I want to be crazy as the moon, wild as the wind and still as the earth. I want to be every single thing it’s possible to be. I’m growing and I don’t know how to grow. I’m living but I haven’t started living yet. Sometimes I simply disappear from myself. Sometimes it’s like I’m not here in the world at all and I simply don’t exist. Sometimes I can hardly think. My head just drifts, and the visions that come seem so vivid.
Sophie Kinsella, Confessions of a Shopaholic|Rule of life. If you bother to ask someone’s advice, then bother to listen to it.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|There are two ways to live a life either forget everything or, remember nothing.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.
Khaled Hosseini|and every day I thank [God] that I am alive, not because I fear death, but because my wife has a husband and my son is not an orphan.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|A little kid asks my dad why that man is chopping down the tree.Dad: He's not chopping it down. He's saving it. Those branches were long dead from disease. All plants are like that. By cutting off the damage you make it possible for the tree to grow again. You watch - by the end of summer, this tree will be the strongest on the block.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|‎Today is a new day. It's a day you have never seen before and will never see again. Stop telling yourself the 'same crap, different day' lie! How many days has that lie stolen from you? Seize the wonder and uniqueness of today! Recognize that throughout this beautiful day, you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.
Seamus Heaney, Beowulf|It is always betterto avenge dear ones than to indulge in mourning.For every one of us, living in this worldmeans waiting for our end. Let whoever canwin glory before death. When a warrior is gone,that will be his best and only bulwark.
Jack Kerouac|Be in love with your life, every detail of it.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.
Susane Colasanti, When It Happens|For one day there will be nothing left, yet we will have something. -me-I tried to wait for my life to begin. Something has to happen. Like an amazing boy. I know he's out there. I just have to find him.
Karl Lagerfeld|I am a fashion person, and fashion is not only about clothes -- it's about all kinds of change
Ray Bradbury|Stuff your eyes with wonder," he said, "live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories. Ask no guarantees, ask for no security, there never was such an animal. And if there were, it would be related to the great sloth which hangs upside down in a tree all day every day, sleeping its life away. To hell with that," he said, "shake the tree and knock the great sloth down on his ass.
Judy Blume, Forever . . .|That's not a bad word...hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|Son. Everyone dies alone. That's what it is. It's a door. It's one person wide. When you go through it, you do it alone. But it doesn't mean you've got to be alone before you go through the door. And believe me, you aren't alone on the other side.
Albert Einstein|Life isn't worth living, unless it is lived for someone else.
Shane L. Koyczan|Don't let your luggage define your travels, each life unravels differently.
Irvin D. Yalom, When Nietzsche Wept|Life is a spark between two identical voids, the darkness before birth and the one after death.
Deepak Chopra, The Third Jesus: The Christ We Cannot Ignore|The ego relies on the familiar. It is reluctant to experience the unknown, which is they very essence of life.
Jim Butcher, Vignette|Pain is a byproduct of life. That’s the truth. Life sometimes sucks. That’s true for everyone. But if you don’t face the pain and the suck, you don’t ever get the other things either. Laughter. Joy. Love. Pain passes, but those things are worth fighting for. Worth dying for.
Vic Johnson, Day by Day with James Allen|In life, there are no mistakes, only lessons.
Louis C.K.|Fuck it... That's really the attitude that keeps a family together, it's not "we love each other", it's just "fuck it, man.
Walker Percy, Lost in the Cosmos: The Last Self-Help Book|The difference between a non-suicide and an ex-suicide leaving the house for work, at eight o'clock on an ordinary morning:The non-suicide is a little traveling suck of care, sucking care with him from the past and being sucked toward care in the future. His breath is high in his chest.The ex-suicide opens his front door, sits down on the steps, and laughs. Since he has the option of being dead, he has nothing to lose by being alive. It is good to be alive. He goes to work because he doesn't have to.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|When we set out on the path, we always have a fairly clear idea of what we hope to find. Women are generally seeking their Soul Mate, and men looking for Power. Neither party is really interested in learning. They simply want to reach the thing they have set as their goal.
Willa Cather, O Pioneers!|Isn’t it queer: there are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before; like the larks in this country, that have been singing the same five notes over for thousands of years.
David Levithan, Marly's Ghost|Life goes on. Get over it. You're still young. It'll get better. Blah, Blah, Blah
Irvine Welsh, Filth|We wait and think and doubt and hate. How does it make you feel? The overwhelming feeling is rage. We hate ourself for being unable to be other than what we are. Unable to be better. We feel rage. The feelings must be followed. It doesn't matter whether you're an ideologue or a sensualist, you follow the stimuli thinking that they're your signposts to the promised land. But they are nothing of the kind. What they are is rocks to navigate the past, each on your brush against, ripping you a little more open and they are always more on the horizon. But you can't face up to the that, so you force yourself to believe the bullshit of those you instinctively know are liars and you repeat those lies to yourself and to others, hoping that by repeating them often and fervently enough you'll attain the godlike status we accord those who tell the lies most frequently and most passionately. But you never do, and even if you could, you wouldn't value it, you'd realise that nobody believes in heroes any more. We know that they only want to sell us something we don't really want and keep from us what we really do need. Maybe that's a good thing. Maybe we're getting in touch with our condition at last. It's horrible how we always die alone, but no worse than living alone.
Roy T. Bennett|We don’t truly appreciate what we have until it’s gone… We don’t really appreciate something until we have experienced some events; we don't really appreciate our parents until we ourselves have become parents. Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|The times you lived through, the people you shared those times with — nothing brings it all to life like an old mix tape. It does a better job of storing up memories than actual brain tissue can do. Every mix tape tells a story. Put them together, and they can add up to the story of a life.
D.H. Lawrence, Women in Love|I should feel the air move against me, and feel the things I touched, instead of having only to look at them. I'm sure life is all wrong because it has become much too visual - we can neither hear nor feel nor understand, we can only see. I'm sure that is entirely wrong.
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|I wonder if that's how darkness wins, by convincing us to trap it inside ourselves, instead of emptying it out.I don't want it to win.
Ruth Rendell, A Judgement in Stone|Some say life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
Carrie Underwood|God put us here, on this carnival ride. We close our eyes never knowing where it'll take us next.
Margaret Drabble|When nothing is sure, everything is possible.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Atticus had said it was the polite thing to talk to people about what they were interested in, not about what you were interested in.
Jonathan Safran Foer|I want an infinitely blank book and the rest of time......why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time, my greatest regret is how much I believed in the future.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Mystery of Marie Rogêt|Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger, portion of truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|People took such awful chances with chemicals and their bodies because they wanted the quality of their lives to improve. They lived in ugly places where there were only ugly things to do. They didn't own doodley-squat, so they couldn't improve their surroundings. so they did their best to make their insides beautiful instead.
Rainer Maria Rilke|She who reconciles the ill-matched threadsOf her life, and weaves them gratefullyInto a single cloth – It’s she who drives the loudmouths from the hallAnd clears it for a different celebration.
Thomas  Moore, Care of the Soul: A Guide for Cultivating Depth and Sacredness in Everyday Life|We need people in our lives with whom we can be as open as possible. To have real conversations with people may seem like such a simple, obvious suggestion, but it involves courage and risk.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Parla come magni,' It means, 'Speak the way you eat,' or in my personal translation: 'Say it like you eat it.' It's a reminder - when you're making a big deal out of explaining something, when you're searching for the right words - to keep your language as simple and direct as Roman rood. Don't make a big production out of it. Just lay it on the table.
Dan Howell|You know, people ask me. They say 'Dan, three years later do you really want to be drawing cat whiskers on your face?' but they don't understand. The cat whiskers, they come from within.
Karen   White, The Memory of Water|They say that not matter how old you become, when you are with your siblings, you revert back to childhood.
Robert Holden|If you think something is missing in your life, it is probably YOU...
Hayao Miyazaki|Personally I am very pessimistic. But when, for instance, one of my staff has a baby you can't help but bless them for a good future. Because I can't tell that child, 'Oh, you shouldn't have come into this life.' And yet I know the world is heading in a bad direction. So with those conflicting thoughts in mind, I think about what kind of films I should be making.
Walter Bagehot|Life is a compromise of what your ego wants to do, what experience tells you to do, and what your nerves let you do.
Marcel Proust|People do not die for us immediately, but remain bathed in a sort of aura oflife which bears no relation to true immortality but through which theycontinue to occupy our thoughts in the same way as when they were alive. Itis as though they were traveling abroad.
Mabel Hale, Beautiful Girlhood: A Timeless Guide for Christian Adolescense|Womanhood is a wonderful thing. In womankind we find the mothers of the race.There is no man so great, nor none sunk so low, but once he lay a helpless, innocent babe in a woman's arms and was dependent on her love and care for his existence. It is woman who rocks the cradle of the world and holds the first affections of mankind. She possesses a power beyond that of a king on his throne....Womanhood stands for all that is pure and clean and noble. She who does not make the world better for having lived in it has failed to be all that a woman should be.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|But all I could think of was how when nothing made sense and hadn't for ages, you just have to grab onto anything you feel sure of.
Robin S. Sharma|Dreamers are mocked as impractical. The truth is they are the most practical, as their innovations lead to progress and a better way of life for all of us.
Gautama Buddha|What is evil? Killing is evil, lying is evil, slandering is evil, abuse is evil, gossip is evil, envy is evil, hatred is evil, to cling to false doctrine is evil; all these things are evil. And what is the root of evil? Desire is the root of evil, illusion is the root of evil.
Vladimir Nabokov|The cradle rocks above an abyss, and common sense tells us that our existence is but a brief crack of light between two eternities of darkness.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|And now I am here, as alone as I've ever been. I am seventeen years old. This is not how it's suppose to be. This is not how my life is suppose to turn out.
Alex  Harris|Being faithful in the smallest things is the way to gain, maintain, and demonstrate the strength needed to accomplish something great.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|It is your responsibility to find fault with me, it is mine to hear you out. But don't expect me to change.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Slowly, with many lost days, I come back to life.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|Yesterday was a closed book, tomorrow, however, was another story.
Chuck Palahniuk|The best way to waste your life, is by taking notes. The easiest way to avoid living is to just watch. Look for the details. Report. Don't participate.
Oliver Sacks|To live on a day-to-day basis is insufficient for human beings; we need to transcend, transport, escape; we need meaning, understanding, and explanation; we need to see over-all patterns in our lives. We need hope, the sense of a future. And we need freedom (or, at least, the illusion of freedom) to get beyond ourselves, whether with telescopes and microscopes and our ever-burgeoning technology, or in states of mind that allow us to travel to other worlds, to rise above our immediate surroundings.We may seek, too, a relaxing of inhibitions that makes it easier to bond with each other, or transports that make our consciousness of time and mortality easier to bear. We seek a holiday from our inner and outer restrictions, a more intense sense of the here and now, the beauty and value of the world we live in.
Gabriel Bá, Daytripper|Only when you accept that one day you'll die can you let go, and make the best out of life. And that's the big secret. That's the miracle.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Existentialism Is a Humanism|For many have but one resource to sustain them in their misery, and that is to think, “Circumstances have been against me, I was worthy to be something much better than I have been. I admit I have never had a great love or a great friendship; but that is because I never met a man or a woman who were worthy of it; if I have not written any very good books, it is because I had not the leisure to do so; or, if I have had no children to whom I could devote myself it is because I did not find the man I could have lived with. So there remains within me a wide range of abilities, inclinations and potentialities, unused but perfectly viable, which endow me with a worthiness that could never be inferred from the mere history of my actions.” But in reality and for the existentialist, there is no love apart from the deeds of love; no potentiality of love other than that which is manifested in loving; there is no genius other than that which is expressed in works of art.
Mary Oliver|To pay attention, this is our endless and proper work.
Morrissey|I can chase you, and I can catch you,but there is nothing I can do to make you mine.
Anthony Robbins|The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I may never be happy, but tonight I am content. Nothing more than an empty house, the warm hazy weariness from a day spent setting strawberry runners in the sun, a glass of cool sweet milk, and a shallow dish of blueberries bathed in cream. When one is so tired at the end of a day one must sleep, and at the next dawn there are more strawberry runners to set, and so one goes on living, near the earth. At times like this I'd call myself a fool to ask for more...
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|Before I can tell my life what I want to do with it, I must listen to my life telling me who I am.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|I want to drag knives over my skin, just to feel something other than shame, but I'm not even brave enough for that
Gabrielle Zevin, Elsewhere|A life isn't measured in hours and minutes. It's the quality, not the length.
Woody Allen, Without Feathers|Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
C. JoyBell C.|Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|It's impossible to go through life unscathed. Nor should you want to. By the hurts we accumulate, we measure both our follies and our accomplishments.
Lisa Schroeder, I Heart You, You Haunt Me|Guilt reminds me of a stray cat. You chase it away and yet, it comes back when you least expect it. If you let yourself feel pity for it and feed the thing, it parks its ugly, puny, lonely-for-attention butt on your doormat and won't go away. Scat kitty cat, scat. I don't need you sitting around here like that.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.
Roy T. Bennett|The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.
Roy T. Bennett|Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Bauvard, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. I was sitting on your couch, relating my succession of ideas on subconscious influence. I asked you what they meant, and you told me that free associations were a bad way to advance my political career.
Langston Hughes|Oh, God of Dust and Rainbows,Help us to seeThat without the dust the rainbowWould not be.
Michael  Jackson|Hope is such a beautiful word, but it often seems very fragile. Life is still being needlessly hurt and destroyed.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Journey’s endIn western lands beneath the SunThe flowers may rise in Spring,The trees may bud, the waters run,The merry finches sing.Or there maybe 'tis cloudless night,And swaying branches bearThe Elven-stars as jewels whiteAmid their branching hair.Though here at journey's end I lieIn darkness buried deep,Beyond all towers strong and high,Beyond all mountains steep,Above all shadows rides the SunAnd Stars for ever dwell:I will not say the Day is done,Nor bid the Stars farewell.J.
Gerard Way|Rock 'n' roll is not red carpets and MySpace friends, rock'n'roll is dangerous and should piss people off
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated|You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, but not what I've been through.
Jonathan Larson, Rent: The Complete Book and Lyrics of the Broadway Musical|The heart may freeze, or it can burn. The pain will ease and I can learn. There is no future, there is no past. I live this moment as, my last.
Anonymous, The Message Remix|You're here to be light, bringing out the God-colors in the world.(Matthew 5:14, The Message)
Stephen Colbert|Atheism, a religion dedicated to its own sense of smug superiority.
Ed Sheeran|Be a true Heart, not a follower.
Stephen King|I wouldn't have missed a single minute of it, Not for the whole world.
John Fowles|Once upon a time there was a young prince who believed in all things but three. He did not believe in princesses, he did not believe in islands, he did not believe in God. His father, the king, told him that such things did not exist. As there were no princesses or islands in his father's domains, and no sign of God, the young prince believed his father.But then, one day, the prince ran away from his palace. He came to the next land. There, to his astonishment, from every coast he saw islands, and on these islands, strange and troubling creatures whom he dared not name. As he was searching for a boat, a man in full evening dress approached him along the shore.Are those real islands?' asked the young prince.Of course they are real islands,' said the man in evening dress.And those strange and troubling creatures?'They are all genuine and authentic princesses.'Then God must exist!' cried the prince.I am God,' replied the man in full evening dress, with a bow.The young prince returned home as quickly as he could.So you are back,' said the father, the king.I have seen islands, I have seen princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully. The king was unmoved.Neither real islands, nor real princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully.The king was unmoved.Neither real islands, nor real princesses, nor a real God exist.'I saw them!'Tell me how God was dressed.'God was in full evening dress.'Were the sleeves of his coat rolled back?'The prince remembered that they had been. The king smiled.That is the uniform of a magician. You have been deceived.'At this, the prince returned to the next land, and went to the same shore, where once again he came upon the man in full evening dress.My father the king has told me who you are,' said the young prince indignantly. 'You deceived me last time, but not again. Now I know that those are not real islands and real princesses, because you are a magician.'The man on the shore smiled.It is you who are deceived, my boy. In your father's kingdom there are many islands and many princesses. But you are under your father's spell, so you cannot see them.'The prince pensively returned home. When he saw his father, he looked him in the eyes.Father, is it true that you are not a real king, but only a magician?'The king smiled, and rolled back his sleeves.Yes, my son, I am only a magician.'Then the man on the shore was God.'The man on the shore was another magician.'I must know the real truth, the truth beyond magic.'There is no truth beyond magic,' said the king.The prince was full of sadness.He said, 'I will kill myself.'The king by magic caused death to appear. Death stood in the door and beckoned to the prince. The prince shuddered. He remembered the beautiful but unreal islands and the unreal but beautiful princesses.Very well,' he said. 'I can bear it.'You see, my son,' said the king, 'you too now begin to be a magician.
Elizabeth Zimmermann|Properly practiced, knitting soothes the troubled spirit, and it doesn't hurt the untroubled spirit either.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|Take advantage of it now, while you are young, and suffer all you can, because these things don't last your whole life.
Oliver Sacks|In examining disease, we gain wisdom about anatomy and physiology and biology. In examining the person with disease, we gain wisdom about life.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Omnibus|He stood up straight and looked the world squarely in the fields and hills. To add weight to his words he stuck the rabbit bone in his hair. He spread his arm out wide. "I will go mad!" he annouced.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|Sometimes you just have those days where everything goes wrong. But sometimes, and totally unexpectedly, something can go right.
Brooke McKinley, Shades of Gray|It's like this old patchwork quilt my momma used to have...Each piece on that quilt meant something. And some of those pieces were the damn ugliest things you've ever seen...But some of the pieces were so beautiful they almost hurt my eyes to look at when I was a kid...That's the best you can hope for, Danny. That your life turns out like that patchwork quilt. That you can add some bright, sparkling pieces to the dirty, stained ones you have so far. That in the end, the bright patches might take up more space on your quilt than the dark ones.
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|Don't lose heart if it's very difficult at times, everything will come out all right and nobody can in the beginning do as he wishes.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|No one is without troubles, without personal hardships and genuine challenges.  That fact may not be obvious because most people don't advertise their woes and heartaches.  But nobody, not even the purest heart, escapes life without suffering battle scars.
Brian K. Vaughan, Saga, Vol. 3|All good children's stories are the same: young creature breaks rules, has incredible adventure, then returns home with the knowledge that aforementioned rules are there for a reason.Of course, the actual message to the careful reader is: break rules as often as you can, because who the hell doesn't want to have an adventure?
Veronica Roth, Divergent|I pull my foot back again, but Four's hands clamp around my arms, and he pulls me away from her with irresistible force. I breathe through gritted teeth, staring at Molly's blood-covered face, the color deep and rich and beautiful, in a way. She groans, and I hear a gurgling in her throat, watch blood trickle from her lips. "You won," Four mutters. "Stop." I wipe the sweat from my forehead. He stares at me. His eyes too wide; they look alarmed. "I think you should leave," he says. "Take a walk." I'm fine," I say. "I'm fine now," I say again, this time for myself.I wish I could say I felt guilty for what I did.I don't.
Jodi Picoult, Perfect Match|Envy, after all, comes from wanting something that isn't yours. But grief comes from losing something you've already had.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|You live it forward, but understand it backward.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|But I have my life, I’m living it. It’s twisted, exhausting, uncertain, and full of guilt, but nonetheless, there’s something there.
Philip Pullman, Clockwork|If you want something you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if you're willing to risk failure. 
J.M. Barrie, The Little Minister|The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another; and his humblest hour is when he compares the volume as it is with what he vowed to make it.
Alan Bennett, Getting On|We started off trying to set up a small anarchist community, but people wouldn't obey the rules.
Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song|You wanted to feel alive, right? It doesn't matter if you're monster or human. Living hurts.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|God surely did not create us, and cause us to live, with the sole end of wishing always to die. I believe, in my heart, we were intended to prize life and enjoy it, so long as we retain it. Existence never was originally meant to be that useless, blank, pale, slow-trailing thing it often becomes to many, and is becoming to me, among the rest.
C. JoyBell C.|It is when we think we can act like God, that all respect is lost, and I think this is the downfall of peace. We lie if we say we do not see color and culture and difference. We fool ourselves and cheat ourselves when we say that all of us are the same. We should not want to be the same as others and we should not want others to be the same as us. Rather, we ought to glory and shine in all of our differences, flaunting them fabulously for all to see! It is never a conformity that we need! We need not to conform! What we need is to burst out into all these beautiful colors!
Paulo Coelho, Like the Flowing River|It is part of the human nature always to judge others very severely and,when the wind turns against us,always to find an excuse for our own misdeeds,or to blame someone else for our mistakes.
Whoopi Goldberg|Art and life are subjective. Not everybody's gonna dig what I dig, but I reserve the right to dig it.
Patrick Ness, More Than This|People see stories everywhere...We take random events and we put them together in a pattern so we can comfort ourselves with a story, no matter how much it obviously isn't true...We have to lie to ourselves to live. Otherwise, we'd go crazy.
Vicktor Alexander|Inside of all of us there is the need and the desire to be heard, to have our innermost thoughts, feelings and desires expressed for others to hear, to see and to understand. We all want to matter to someone, to leave a mark. Writers just take those thoughts, feelings and desires and express them in such a way that the reader not only reads them but feels them as well.
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|But what are loyalty and caring really worth?""To me? Everything.
Walt Whitman|WE two boys together clinging,One the other never leaving,Up and down the roads going, North and South excursions making,Power enjoying, elbows stretching, fingers clutching,Arm'd and fearless, eating, drinking, sleeping, loving.No law less than ourselves owning, sailing, soldiering, thieving,threatening,Misers, menials, priests alarming, air breathing, water drinking, onthe turf or the sea-beach dancing,Cities wrenching, ease scorning, statutes mocking, feeblenesschasing,Fulfilling our foray.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|When you're the most happening person at the party, it's time to leave
Kristin Cashore, Fire|If her enemies were Brigan's friends and her friends were Brigan's enemies, then the two of them could walk through the world arm in arm and never be hit by arrows again.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|I just want someone to hear what I have to say. And maybe if I talk long enough, it’ll make sense.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|We all have such fateful objects -- it may be a recurrent landscape in one case, a number in another -- carefully chosen by the gods to attract events of specific significance for us: here shall John always stumble; there shall Jane's heart always break.
Tom Bodett|The difference between school and life? In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson.
Lady Gaga|It doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from, or how much money you've got in your pocket. You have your own destiny and your own life ahead of you.
Wendy Wasserstein|The trick. . .is to find the balance between the bright colors of humor and the serious issues of identity, self-loathing, and the possibility for intimacy and love when it seems no longer possible or, sadder yet, no longer necessary.
Bill Hicks|Oh sorry, I was taking life seriously.
Harold S. Kushner|I think of life as a good book. The further you get into it, the more it begins to make sense.
Elizabeth Scott, The Unwritten Rule|There are a million rules for being a girl. There are a million things you have to do to get through each day. High school has things that can trip you up, ruin you, people say one thing and mean another, and you have to know all the rules, you have to know what you can and can't do.
Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings|If you want to be a new man you have to stay in new places, and do new things, with people who never knew you before. If you go back to the same old ways, what else can you be but the same old person?
Charles de Lint, Dreams Underfoot|There are no happy endings... There are no endings, happy or otherwise. We all have our own stories which are just part of the one Story that binds both this world and Faerie. Sometimes we step into each others stories - perhaps just for a few minutes, perhaps for years - and then we step out of them again. But all the while, the Story just goes on.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|But I think we both knew, even then, that what we had was something even more rare, and even more meaningful. I was going to be his friend, and was going to show him possibilities. And he, in turn, would become someone I could trust more than myself.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|The span of three or four minutes is pretty insignificant in the scheme of things. People lose hundreds of minutes everyday, squandering them on trivial things. But sometimes in those fragments of time, something can happen you'll remember the rest of your life.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I thought that if I owned nothing, had nothing, was nothing, I would have nothing left to lose, and I wouldn't be scared anymore. Because my whole life I’ve been so damn scared. Scared to live because I was scared to die. But at the same I was so scared of living, so I wanted to die. Or maybe so scared of dying that I refused to live. You don't have to be afraid to fall, when you're already on the ground. You don't have to be scared to lose someone, when there's no one around to lose.
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|...he asked, "Where are you today, right now?"Eagerly, I started talking about myself. However, I noticed that I was still being sidetracked from getting answers to my questions. Still, I told him about my distant and recent past and about my inexplicable depressions. He listened patiently and intently, as if he had all the time in the world, until I finished several hours later."Very well," he said. "But you still have not answered my question about where you are.""Yes I did, remember? I told you how I got to where I am today: by hard work.""Where are you?""What do you mean, where am I?""Where Are you?" he repeated softly."I'm here.""Where is here?""In this office, in this gas station!" I was getting impatient with this game."Where is this gas station?""In Berkeley?""Where is Berkeley?""In California?""Where is California?""In the United States?""On a landmass, one of the continents in the Western Hemisphere. Socrates, I...""Where are the continents?I sighed. "On the earth. Are we done yet?""Where is the earth?""In the solar system, third planet from the sun. The sun is a small star in the Milky Way galaxy, all right?""Where is the Milky Way?""Oh, brother, " I sighed impatiently, rolling my eyes. "In the universe." I sat back and crossed my arms with finality."And where," Socrates smiled, "is the universe?""The universe is well, there are theories about how it's shaped...""That's not what I asked. Where is it?""I don't know - how can I answer that?""That is the point. You cannot answer it, and you never will. There is no knowing about it. You are ignorant of where the universe is, and thus, where you are. In fact, you have no knowledge of where anything is or of What anything is or how is came to be. Life is a mystery."My ignorance is based on this understanding. Your understanding is based on ignorance. This is why I am a humorous fool, and you are a serious jackass.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life.
Gary L. Francione|Ethical veganism results in a profound revolution within the individual; a complete rejection of the paradigm of oppression and violence that she has been taught from childhood to accept as the natural order. It changes her life and the lives of those with whom she shares this vision of nonviolence. Ethical veganism is anything but passive; on the contrary, it is the active refusal to cooperate with injustice
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|You will be fine,' the fortune teller says. 'There may be decisions to make and surprises in store. Life takes us to unexpected places sometimes. The future is never set in stone, remember that.
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|Look, everyone talks about the unknown like it's some big scary thing, but it's the familiar that's always bothered me. It's heavy, builds up around you like rocks, until it's walls and a ceiling and a cell.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|Everyone who tells a story tells it differently, just to remind us that everybody sees it differently. Some people say there are true things to be found, some people say all kinds of things can be proved. I don't believe them. The only thing for certain is how complicated it all is, like string full of knots. It's all there but hard to find the beginning and impossible to fathom the end. The best you can do is admire the cat's cradle, and maybe knot it up a bit more.
Ray Bradbury, The Fog Horn|That's life for you," said MacDunn. "Someone always waiting for someone who never comes home. Always someone loving some thing more than that thing loves them. And after a while you want to destroy whatever that thing is, so it can't hurt you no more.
Robyn Schneider, Extraordinary Means|That's all you can do in this world, no matter how strong the current beats against you, or how heavy your burden, or how tragic your love story. You keep going.
Michel Houellebecq, Whatever|An entire life spent reading would have fulfilled my every desire; I already knew that at the age of seven. The texture of the world is painful, inadequate; unalterable, or so it seems to me. Really, I believe that an entire life spent reading would have suited me best. Such a life has not been granted me...
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Age of Reason|She smiled and said with an ecstatic air: "It shines like a little diamond","What does?""This moment. It is round, it hangs in empty space like a little diamond; I am eternal.
Marcel Duchamp|All this twaddle, the existence of God, atheism, determinism, liberation, societies, death, etc., are pieces of a chess game called language, and they are amusing only if one does not preoccupy oneself with 'winning or losing this game of chess.
Nick Hornby, About a Boy|There had been times when he knew, somewhere in him, that he would get used to it, whatever it was, because he had learnt that some hard things became softer after a very little while.
Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting|You can't have living without dying. So you can't call it living, what we got. We just are, we just be, like rocks beside the road.
Craig Silvey, Jasper Jones|I don't understand a thing about this world: about people, and why they do the things they do. The more I find out, the more I uncover, the more I know, the less I understand.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|I saw the world from the stars' point of view, and it looked unbearably lonely.
Hajime Isayama|The world is merciless, and it's also very beautiful.
Swedish Proverb|Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
Shannon L. Alder|The true definition of mental illness is when the majority of your time is spent in the past or future, but rarely living in the realism of NOW.
E.M. Forster|The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
Elif Shafak|Whatever happens in your life, no matter how troubling things might seem, do not enter the neighbourhood of despair.Even when all doors remain closed, God wil open up a new path only for you. Be thankful! It is easy to be thankful when all is well. A Sufi is thankful not only for what he has been given but also for all that has been denied.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|The story of my recent life.' I like that phrase. It makes more sense than 'the story of my life', because we get so many lives between birth and death. A life to be a child. A life to come of age. A life to wander, to settle, to fall in love, to parent, to test our promise, to realize our mortality- and in some lucky cases, to do something after that realization.
Søren Kierkegaard|A 'no' does not hide anything, but a 'yes' very easily becomes a deception.
Leslye Walton, The Strange and Beautiful Sorrows of Ava Lavender|She laughed for her wasted, difficult life that never had to be wasted or difficult in the first place.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Men's lives have meaning, not their deaths.
Sylvia Plath|Life was not to be sitting in hot amorphic leisure in my backyard idly writing or not writing, as the spirit moved me. It was, instead, running madly, in a crowded schedule, in a squirrel cage of busy people. Working, living, dancing, dreaming, talking, kissing- singing, laughing, learning.
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|The world's a puzzle; no need to make sense out of it." - Socrates
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Breathing Room|I finally figured out that not every crisis can be managed. As much as we want to keep ourselves safe, we can't protect ourselves from everything. If we want to embrace life, we also have to embrace chaos.
Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting|dont be afraid of death, be afraid of the unlived life.
Dylan Moran|People will kill you. Over time. They will shave out every last morsel of fun in you with little, harmless sounding phrases that people uses every day, like: 'Be realistic!'" (2009)]
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|This is love, I think. A place where people who have been alone may lock together like hawks and spin in the air, dizzy with surprise at the connection. A place you go willingly, and with wonder
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|We remember the past, live in the present, and write the future.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I saw the years of my life spaced along a road in the form of telephone poles threaded together by wires. I counted one, two, three... nineteen telephone poles, and then the wires dangled into space, and try as I would, I couldn't see a single pole beyond the nineteenth.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|You will have to make up for the smallness of your size by your courage and selfless devotion to duty, for it is not life that matters, but the courage, fortitude and determination you bring to it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|But I always liked side-paths, little dark back-alleys behind the main road- there one finds adventures and surprises, and precious metal in the dirt.
Karen Thompson Walker, The Age of Miracles|The only thing you have to do in this life is die," said Mrs. Pinsky..."everything else is a choice.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Because, sometimes, things happen to people and they're not equipped to deal with them.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|His words are like the sound of a needle dragging across a record. A sinking, sickening feeling washes over me. This is why you should never, ever get your hopes up. This is why you should see the glass as half empty. So, when the whole things spills, you aren't as devastated.
Charles M. Schulz, The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 5: 1959-1960|Sometimes I feel that life has passed me by... Do you ever feel that way, Charlie Brown?""I feel that it has knocked me down and walked all over me!
Hank Moody, God Hates Us All|You know why love stories have happy endings?” I shake my head.“Because they end too early,” she continues. “They always end right at the kiss. You never have to see all the bullshit that comes later. You know, Life.
Conan O'Brien|It is our failure to become our perceived ideal that ultimately defines us and makes us unique. It's not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right your perceived failure can become a catalyst for profound re-invention.
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|Why can’t the world hear? I ask myself. Within a few moments I ask it many times. Because it doesn’t care, I finally answer, and I know I’m right. It’s like I’ve been chosen. But chosen for what? I ask.
R.A. Salvatore|We are all dying, every moment that passes of every day. That is the inescapable truth of this existence. It is a truth that can paralyze us with fear, or one that can energize us with impatience, with the desire to explore and experience, with the hope- nay, the iron-will!- to find a memory in every action. To be alive, under sunshine, or starlight, in weather fair or stormy. To dance with every step, be they through gardens of flowers or through deep snows.
Tim Burton, The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy and Other Stories|Son, are you happy? I don't mean to pry,but do you dream of Heaven?Have you ever wanted to die?
Quentin R. Bufogle|If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.
C.S. Lewis, The Collected Works of C.S. Lewis|The great thing, if one can, is to stop regarding all the unpleasant things as interruptions of one's 'own,' or 'real' life. The truth is of course that what one calls the interruptions are precisely one's real life -- the life God is sending one day by day.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|Life' wrote a friend of mine, 'is a public performance on the violin, in which you must learn the instrument as you go along.
Anonymous, Bhagavad Gita: El Canto del Senor|The power of God is with you at all times; through the activities of mind, senses, breathing, and emotions; and is constantly doing all the work using you as a mere instrument.
Gena Showalter, Oh My Goth|How does fear become so powerful? We can’t see it. We can’t touch it, yet it gets its claws in us and begins to control us. Sigh. I hate feeling afraid, and I hate, hate, HATE feeling out of control.
Robin S. Sharma|The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|Dreams are hopeful because they exist as pure possibility. Unlike memories, which are fossils, long dead and buried deep.
Darynda Jones, Third Grave Dead Ahead|After a long, labored sigh, I said, “She was really happy when I got there. I’m pretty sure she was suicidal when I left.”“You do have that effect on people.
Susane Colasanti, Waiting for You|The rain fluctuates between drizzle and torrential. It messes with your mind. It makes you think things will always be like this, never getting better, always letting you down right when you though the worst was over.
Reba McEntire|Living might mean taking chances, but they're worth taking. Loving might be a mistake. but its worth making
Jeff Foxworthy|The problem with the designated driver program, it's not a desirable job, but if you ever get sucked into doing it, have fun with it. At the end of the night, drop them off at the wrong house.
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|That’s the duty of the old, to be anxious on behalf of the young. And the duty of the young is to scorn the anxiety of the old.
Hayao Miyazaki, Starting Point: 1979-1996|To be born means being compelled to choose an era, a place, a life. To exist here, now, means to lost the possibility of being countless other potential selves.. Yet once being born there is no turning back. And I think that's exactly why the fantasy worlds of cartoon movies so strongly represent our hopes and yearnings. They illustrate a world of lost possibilities for us.
Mary Daly|The word ‘sin’ is derived from the Indo-European root ‘es-,’ meaning ‘to be.’ When I discovered this etymology, I intuitively understood that for a [person] trapped in patriarchy, which is the religion of the entire planet, ‘to be’ in the fullest sense is ‘to sin'.
Tonya Hurley, Ghostgirl|We all like to think the world ends when we do. The truth is our acquaintances, our friends, and our loved ones all live on, and through them, so do we. It's not about what you had, but what you gave. It's not about how you looked, but how you lived. And it's not just about being remembered. It's about giving people a good reason to remember you.
Robyn Schneider, Extraordinary Means|There's difference between being dead and dying. We're all dying. Some of us die for ninety years, and some of us die for nineteen. But each morning everyone on this planet wakes up one day closer to their death. Everyone. So living and dying are actually different words for the same thing, if you think about it.
Michael  Summers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night. I could fly. I was going to use this power to impress you, but you were too heavy to carry, so I won you over with my personality instead
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|End? No, the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path. One that we all must take.
D.H. Lawrence|It is a fine thing to establish one's own religion in one's heart, not to be dependent on tradition and second-hand ideals. Life will seem to you, later, not a lesser, but a greater thing.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|In his face there came to be a brooding peace that is seen most often in the faces of the very sorrowful or the very wise. But still he wandered through the streets of the town, always silent and alone.
Gary L. Francione|We do not need to eat animals, wear animals, or use animals for entertainment purposes, and our only defense of these uses is our pleasure, amusement, and convenience.
John Eldredge, Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul|We think you'll find that every woman in her heart of hearts longs for three things: to be romanced, to play an irreplaceable role in a great adventure, and to unveil beauty. That's what makes a woman come alive.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|People soon get tired of things that aren't boring, but not of what is boring.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|I never approve, or disapprove, of anything now. It is an absurd attitude to take towards life.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|There it was before her - life. Life: she thought but she did not finish her thought. She took a look at life, for she had a clear sense of it there, something real, something private, which she shared neither with her children nor with her husband. A sort of transaction went on between them, in which she was on one side, and life was on another, and she was always trying to get the better of it, as it was of her; and sometimes they parleyed (when she sat alone); there were, she remembered, great reconciliation scenes; but for the most part, oddly enough, she must admit that she felt this thing that she called life terrible, hostile, and quick to pounce on you if you gave it a chance.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Do you realize that all great literature — "Moby Dick," "Huckleberry Finn," "A Farewell to Arms," "The Scarlet Letter," "The Red Badge of Courage," "The Iliad and The Odyssey," "Crime and Punishment," the Bible, and "The Charge of the Light Brigade" — are all about what a bummer it is to be a ...human being?
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Among the Hidden|I want to Live! Not Die, Not Hide, LIVE!
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day|But what is the sense in forever speculating what might have happened had such and such a moment turned out differently? One could presumably drive oneself to distraction in this way. In any case, while it is all very well to talk of 'turning points', one can surely only recognize such moments in retrospect. Naturally, when one looks back to such instances today, they may indeed take the appearance of being crucial, precious moments in one's life; but of course, at the time, this was not the impression one had. Rather, it was as though one had available a never-ending number of days, months, years in which to sort out the vagaries of one's relationship with Miss Kenton; an infinite number of further opportunities in which to remedy the effect of this or that misunderstanding. There was surely nothing to indicate at the time that such evidently small incidents would render whole dreams forever irredeemable.
Ming-Dao Deng|All teachings are mere references. The true experience is living your own life. Then, even the holiest of words are only words.
Alysha Speer, Sharden|Life is hell, at some point we all just have to get used to it.
Andre Agassi, Open|It's no accident, I think, that tennis uses the language of life. Advantage, service, fault, break, love, the basic elements of tennis are those of everyday existence, because every match is a life in miniature. Even the structure of tennis, the way the pieces fit inside one another like Russian nesting dolls, mimics the structure of our days. Points become games become sets become tournaments, and it's all so tightly connected that any point can become the turning point. It reminds me of the way seconds become minutes become hours, and any hour can be our finest. Or darkest. It's our choice.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|Hope like that, as I thought before, doesn’t make you a weak person. It’s hopelessness that makes you weak. Hope makes you stronger, because it brings with it a sense of reason. Not a reason for how or why they were taken from you, but a reason for you to live. Because it’s a maybe. A ‘maybe someday things won’t always be this shit.’ And that ‘maybe’ immediately makes the shittiness better.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|What can we see, read, acquire, but ourselves. Take the book, my friend, and read your eyes out, you will never find there what I find.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|You know how the tightrope guy at the circus wants everyone to believe his act is an art, but deep down you can see that he's really just hoping he makes it all the way across?
Jean-Paul Sartre|Life has no meaning, the moment you lose the illusion of being eternal.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|The truth about the world, he said, is that anything is possible. Had you not seen it all from birth and thereby bled it of its strangeness it would appear to you for what it is, a hat trick in a medicine show, a fevered dream, a trance bepopulate with chimeras having neither analogue nor precedent, an itinerant carnival, a migratory tentshow whose ultimate destination after many a pitch in many a mudded field is unspeakable and calamitous beyond reckoning. The universe is no narrow thing and the order within it is not constrained by any latitude in its conception to repeat what exists in one part in any other part. Even in this world more things exist without our knowledge than with it and the order in creation which you see is that which you have put there, like a string in a maze, so that you shall not lose your way. For existence has its own order and that no man's mind can compass, that mind itself being but a fact among others.
Billy Joel|So I would choose to be with you,That's if the choice were mine to make,But you can make decisions too,And you can have this heart to break
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Life was not easy, nor was it happy, but she did not expect life to be easy, and, if it was not happy, that was woman's lot. It was a man's world, and she accepted it as such. The man owned the property, and the woman managed it. The man took credit for the management, and the woman praised his cleverness. The man roared like a bull when a splinter was in his finger, and the woman muffled the moans of childbirth, lest she disturb him. Men were rough of speech and often drunk. Women ignored the lapses of speech and put the drunkards to bed without bitter words. Men were rude and outspoken, women were always kind, gracious and forgiving.
P.C. Cast|Give me strength, not to be better than my enemies, but to defeat my greatest enemy, the doubts within myself. Give me strength for a straight back and clear eyes, so when life fades, as the setting sun, my spirit may come to you without shame.
Raymond Carver, Ultramarine: Poems|there isn't enough of anythingas long as we live. But at intervalsa sweetness appears and, given a chanceprevails.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|Our lives were just beginning, our favorite moment was right now, our favorite songs were unwritten.
Ellen DeGeneres|Things will get easier, people's minds will change, and you should be alive to see it.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Sometimes we love with nothing more than hope. Sometimes we cry with everything except tears. In the end that’s all there is: love and its duty, sorrow and its truth. In the end that’s all we have - to hold on tight until the dawn
Miguel de Unamuno|Life is doubt,And faith without doubt is nothing but death.
Rachel Vincent, Stray|When mice run, cats give chase.
William S. Burroughs, Letters to Allen Ginsberg, 1953-1957|Whether you like it or not, you are committed to the human endeavor. I cannot ally myself with such a purely negative goal as avoidance of suffering. Suffering is a chance you take by the fact of being alive.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Life, if you keep chasing it so hard, will drive you to death. Time - when pursued like a bandit - will behave like one, always remaining one county or one room ahead of you, changing its name and hair color to elude you, slipping out the back door of the motel just as you're banging through the lobby with your newest search warrant, leaving only a burning cigarette in the ashtray to taunt you. At some point you have to stop because it won't. You have to admit that you can't catch it. That you're not supposed to catch it. At some point, you gotta let go and sit still and allow contentment to come to you.
Slavoj Žižek|The fact that a cloud from a minor volcanic eruption in Iceland—a small disturbance in the complex mechanism of life on the Earth—can bring to a standstill the aerial traffic over an entire continent is a reminder of how, with all its power to transform nature, humankind remains just another species on the planet Earth.
Terence McKenna|Life lived in the absence of the psychedelic experience that primordial shamanism is based on is life trivialized, life denied, life enslaved to the ego.
Jean M. Auel|Life is neither static nor unchanging. With no individuality, there can be no change, no adaptation and, in an inherently changing world, any species unable to adapt is also doomed.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|You might never fail on the scale I did, but some failure in life is inevitable. It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default.
Richie Norton, Résumés Are Dead and What to Do About It|To escape fear, you have to go through it, not around.
C. JoyBell C.|The difference between me and other people is that they all walk around with onion skins wrapped around them. Pre-meditations, pretentions, the faces that they present to the world, the faces that they present to themselves.. onion skins that come in layer after layer. They're on the inside of all that. And I... I am the inside of the onion skin walking around. I am only me.
Libba Bray, Going Bovine|You can never know about about your own destiny: are the people you meet there to play a part on your oun destiny, or do you exist just to play a role in theirs?
Beverly Sills|You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|Even as your body betrays you, your mind denies it.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|As for me, I was just trying to get it right, whatever that means. But now I finally felt I was on my way. Everyone had a forever, but given a choice, this would be mine. The one that began in this moment, with Wes, in a kiss that took my breath away, then gave it back - leaving meastounded, amazed and most of all, alive.
Avi, The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle|A sailor chooses the wind that takes the ship from a safe port. Ah, yes, but once you're abroad, as you have seen, winds have a mind of their own. Be careful, Charlotte, careful of the wind you choose.
Deepak Chopra|Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity.
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|I don’t regret anything I’ve ever done in life, any choice that I’ve made. But I’m consumed with regret for the things I didn’t do, the choices I didn’t make, the things I didn’t say. We spend so much time being afraid of failure, afraid of rejection. But regret is the thing we should fear most. Failure is an answer. Rejection is an answer. Regret is an eternal question you will never have the answer to. “What if…” “If only…” “I wonder what would have…” You will never, never know, and it will haunt you for the rest of your days.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|We're not words, Henry, we're people.Words are how others define us, but we can define ourselves any way we choose.
Brenda Ueland|I learned...that inspiration does not come like a bolt, nor is it kinetic, energetic striving, but it comes into us slowly and quietly and all the time, though we must regularly and every day give it a little chance to start flowing, prime it with a little solitude and idleness.
Louis C.K.|Self-love is a good thing but self-awareness is more important. You need to once in a while go ‘Uh, I’m kind of an asshole.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|I suppose [my life] has most resembled a blue chip stock: fairly stable, more ups than downs, and gradually trending upward over time. A good buy, a lucky buy, and I've learned that not everyone can say that about his life.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I wanted to cry because I needed you there with me so bad. I knew in that moment that I was in love with you. I was in love with the way you loved me. When you wrapped your arms around me and held me, I knew that no matter what happened with my life, you were my home. You stole the biggest piece of my heart that night.
Phil Lester|Be yourself. Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you, because they're probably feeling the same kind of scared, horrible feelings that everyone does.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|Clearly, America has no shortage of metaphorical opportunities for the poor.
Dan Howell|Unless you have great parents or some inspirational teacher from a movie that pushes you to follow your dreams, you can't expect a kid to be smart enough to realize they can do what they want with their life before they've been pushed through the school system into having an average life.
Bob Dylan|You better start swimming, or you'll sink like a stone. Because the Time's they are a-changing.
Bella Pollen, Midnight Cactus|Women only cut their hair in times of crisis... It's somethin' a woman always has the power to do, even when she loses control over everything else. Cuttin' hair is a cry for help.
Marie Sexton|You can’t control what others think. The only thing you can control is yourself. Some people will look down on you for your choices in life, no matter what they are. You can’t do anything about that. The only thing you can do is decide how to live your own life. And to hell with everybody else
John Barrowman|Yet if I was asked to do this again - in fact, if I was ever asked to repeat any of my experiences - I'd have to say, fuck it, bring them on. I've no regrets.This is what it means to be alive.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|My point is, that if I'm honest, my life is all about me.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|I didn’t know. I feel sometimes like…there are all these rules. Just to be a person. You know? You’re supposed to carry a shoulder bag, not a backpack. You’re supposed to wear headbands, or you’re not supposed to wear headbands. It’s okay to describe yourself as likeable, but it’s not okay to describe yourself as eloquent. You can sit in the front of the school bus, but you can’t sit in the middle. You’re not supposed to be with a boy, even when he wants you to. I didn’t know that. There are so many rules, and they don’t make any sense, and I just can’t learn them all
Bernard Cornwell, The Winter King|But fate, as Merlin always taught us, is inexorable. Life is a jest of the Gods, Merlin liked to claim, and there is no justice. You must learn to laugh, he once told me, or else you'll just weep yourself to death.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|It isn't good to hold on too hard to the past. You can't spend your whole life looking back. Not even when you can't see what lies ahead. All you can do is keep on keeping on, and try to believe that tomorrow will be what it should be—even if it isn't what you expected.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|There's a sorrow and pain in everyone's life, but every now and then there's a ray of light that melts the loneliness in your heart and brings comfort like hot soup and a soft bed.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|What are you thinking?" he asks.I know Gage hates it when I cry - he is completely undone by the sight of tears - so I blink hard against the sting. "I'm thinking how thankful I am for everything," I say, "even the bad stuff. Every sleepless night, every second of being lonely, every time the car broke down, every wad of gum on my shoe, every late bill and losing lottery ticket and bruise and broken dish and piece of burnt toast."His voice is soft. "Why, darlin'?""Because it all led me here to you.
Rachel Hawkins, Demonglass|Mom always liked to say that we hardly ever know the decisions we make that change our lives, mostly because they are little ones. You took this bus instead of that one and ended up meeting your soul mate, that kind of thing. But there was no doubt in my mind that this was one of those life-changing moments.
Beyoncé Knowles|I'm always happy when I'm surrounded by water, I think I'm a Mermaid or I was a mermaid.The ocean makes me feel really small and it makes me put my whole life into perspective… it humbles you and makes you feel almost like you’ve been baptized. I feel born again when I get out of the ocean.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Wake up, Shake up, Make up and Break up; life is all about moving like ant in search of sugar not sand.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Out, out brief candle, life is but a walking shadow...a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|The world is terrible," said Mark tonelessly. "And some are drawn down into it and drown there, and some rise above and carry others with them.
Elbert Hubbard|True life lies in laughter, love and work.
Gena Showalter, Oh My Goth|There are two kinds of people,’ she’d said. ‘Those who coast through life like ducks in a row, following one after the other, and those who ride the waves.’” Tears spilled down my cheeks, and my voice cracked. “‘Ride the waves, baby, and live. Live.
Samantha Young, On Dublin Street|Sure it could get rough sometimes, but life wasn't a Hollywood movie. Shit happened. You fought, you screamed, and somehow you worked like hell to get out the other side still intact.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Ah, Nothing is too late, till the tired heart shall cease to palpitate.
Bob Ong|Nalaman kong habang lumalaki ka, maraming beses kang madadapa. Bumangon ka man ulit o hindi, magpapatuloy ang buhay, iikot ang mundo, at mauubos ang oras.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|Some people think that a place can save them... Like if they could just be somewhere else, their lives would be totally different. They could finally be the people they always wanted to be. But to me, a place is just a place. If you really want things to change, you can make them change no matter where you are.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|if i'm going to fuck up my life, does it really matter which way i do it?.
Portia de Rossi|Life can take so many twists and turns. You can’t ever count yourself out. Even if you’re really afraid at some point, you can’t think that there’s no room for you to grow and do something good with your life.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|Because if you take a risk, you just might find what you're looking for.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I must talk, and you must listen, for we are engaged here in the most important pursuit in history: the search for meaning. What is the nature of being a person? What is the best way to go about being a person? How did we come to be, and what will become of us when we are no longer? In short: What are the rules of this game, and how might we best play it?
Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?|If only you would realize some day, how much have you hurt me,If only your heart ever, craves for me or my presence…If only you feel that love again someday for me,If only you are affected someday by my absence…Only you can end all my suffering and this unbearable pain,If only you would know what you could never procure…If only you go through the memories of past once again,Since the day you left my heart has bled, no one has its cure…If only you would bring that love, those showers and that rain…If only you would come back and see what damage you create,I’ve been waiting for your return since forever more…If only you would see the woman that you have made,You said we cannot sail through, how were you so sure?If only you can feel the old things that can never fade,You may have moved on, but a piece of my heart is still with you…I know how I’ve come so far alone; I know how I’m able to wade,People say that I’m insane and you won’t ever come back again…Maybe you would have never made your separate way,Maybe you would have stayed with me and proved everyone wrong…If only you would know the pain of dying every day,If only you would feel the burden of smiling and being strong…
Rai Aren, Secret of the Sands|Know that the same spark of life that is within you, is within all of our animal friends, the desire to live is the same within all of us...
Eda J. LeShan|When we cannot bear to be alone, it means we do not properly value the only companion we will have from birth to death - ourselves.
Michelle Kwan|If you have nothing in life but a good friend, you're rich.
C. JoyBell C.|It would be perfect if everyone who makes love, is in love, but this is simply an unrealistic expectation. I'd say 75 percent of the population of people who make love, are not in love, this is simply the reality of the human race, and to be idealistic about this is to wait for the stars to aline and Jupiter to change color; for the Heavens to etch your names together in the sky before you make love to someone. But idealism is immaturity, and as a matter of fact, the stars may never aline, Jupiter may never change color, and the Heavens may never ever etch your names together in the sky for you to have the never-ending permission to make endless love to one another. And so the bottom line is, there really is no difference between doing something today, and doing something tomorrow, because today is what you have, and tomorrow may not turn out the way you expect it to. At the end of the day, sex is an animalistic, humanistic, passionate desire.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If you have a goal, write it down. If you do not write it down, you do not have a goal - you have a wish.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|I think this is when most people give up on their stories. They come out of college wanting to change the world, wanting to get married, wanting to have kids and change the way people buy office supplies. But they get into the middle and discover it was harder than they thought. They can't see the distant shore anymore, and they wonder if their paddling is moving them forward. None of the trees behind them are getting smaller and none of the trees ahead are getting bigger. They take it out on their spouses, and they go looking for an easier story.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Accept yourself, your strengths, your weaknesses, your truths, and know what tools you have to fulfill your purpose.
Alysha Speer|You never really know what's coming. A small wave, or maybe a big one. All you can really do is hope that when it comes, you can surf over it, instead of drown in its monstrosity.
Tupac Shakur|I don’t see myself being special; I just see myself having more responsibilities than the next man. People look to me to do things for them, to have answers.
Bob Dylan|I define nothing. Not beauty, not patriotism. I take each thing as it is, without prior rules about what it should be.
Winston S. Churchill|This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Life is a train of moods like a string of beads; and as we pass through them they prove to be many colored lenses, which paint the world their own hue, and each shows us only what lies in its own focus.
Stephen King|You are the grim, goal-oriented ones who will not believe that the joy is in the journey rather than the destination no matter how many times it has been proven to you.
Jack Kerouac, Desolation Angels|So shut up, live, travel, adventure, bless and don't be sorry
H.P. Lovecraft|All life is only a set of pictures in the brain, among which there is no difference betwixt those born of real things and those born of inward dreamings, and no cause to value the one above the other.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|That's the problem with memories: you can visit them, but you can't live in them.
Paul Auster, Moon Palace|I felt the taste of mortality in my mouth, and at that moment I understood that I was not going to live forever. It takes a long time to learn that, but when you finally do, everything changes inside you, you can never be the same again. I was seventeen years old, and all of a sudden, without the slightest flicker of a doubt, I understood that my life was my own, that it belonged to me and no one else.I’m talking about freedom, Fogg. A sense of despair that becomes so great, so crushing, so catastrophic, that you have no choice but to be liberated by it. That’s the only choice, or else you crawl into a corner and die.
Emily Maguire, Taming the Beast|But then, life is a constant withering of possibilities. Some are stolen with the lives of people you love. Others are let go, with regret and reluctance and deep, deep sorrow. But there is compensation for lives unlived in the intoxicating joy of knowing that the life you have - right here, right now - if the one you have chosen. There is power in that, and hope.
Lauren Kate|In this lifetime you're nothing more than you appear to be: a stupid, selfish, ignorant, spoiled little girl who thinks the world lives or dies on whether she gets to go out with some good-looking boy at school...I'd still relish this moment...killing you.
Michel Houellebecq, H.P. Lovecraft: Against the World, Against Life|Life is painful and disappointing. It is useless, therefore, to write new realistic novels. We generally know where we stand in relation to reality and don’t care to know any more.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|The thing about being catapulted into a whole new life--or at least, shoved up so hard against someone else's life that you might as well have your face pressed against their window--is that it forces you to rethink your idea of who you are. Or how you might seem to other people.
Jim Morrison, An American Prayer|Is everybody in? Is everybody in? Is everybody in? The ceremony is about to begin. The entertainment for this evening is not new, you've seen this entertainment through and through you have seen your birth, your life, your death....you may recall all the rest. Did you have a good world when you died? -enough to base a movie on??
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The great Sufi poet and philosopher Rumi once advised his students to write down the three things they most wanted in life. If any item on the list clashes with any other item, Rumi warned, you are destined for unhappiness. Better to live a life of single-pointed focus, he taught. But what about the benefits of living harmoniously among extremes? What if you could somehow create an expansive enough life that you could synchronize seemingly incongruous opposites into a worldview that excludes nothing?
Alice Walker|Expect nothing. Live frugallyOn surprise.become a strangerTo need of pityOr, if compassion be freelyGiven outTake only enoughStop short of urge to pleadThen purge away the need.Wish for nothing largerThan your own small heartOr greater than a star;Tame wild disappointmentWith caress unmoved and coldMake of it a parkaFor your soul.Discover the reason whySo tiny human midgetExists at allSo scared unwiseBut expect nothing. Live frugallyOn surprise.
Banana Yoshimoto, NP|Everything that had happened was shockingly beautiful, enough to make you crazy.
Tim Burton, The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy and Other Stories|My name is Jimmy,but my friends just call methe hideous penguin boy.
Kiera Cass, The One|Live your life. Be happy as you can be, let go of the things that don't matter, and fight.
Mitsugi Saotome|If you were all alone in the universe with no one to talk to, no one with which to share the beauty of the stars, to laugh with, to touch, what would be your purpose in life? It is other life; it is love, which gives your life meaning. This is harmony. We must discover the joy of each other, the joy of challenge, the joy of growth.
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|Be happy -- if you're not even happy, what's so good about surviving?
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If you say that you never lie in life,you honestly insult my intelligence.
E.L. Konigsburg|Some days you must learn a great deal. But you should also have days when you allow what is already in you to swell up and touch everything. If you never let that happen, then you just accumulate facts, and they begin to rattle around inside of you.
Voltaire, Candide|Let us work without reasoning,' said Martin; 'it is the only way to make life endurable.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.
Jodi Picoult|The truth was, history repeated itself on a daily basis; mistakes were made over and over. People were haunted by what they had done, and by what they hadn't had time to do.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|Life is long, and sometimes cruel. Sometimes victims are needed. Someone has to take on that role. And human bodies are fragile, easily damaged. Cut them, and they bleed.
Omar Khayyám|It’s too bad if a heart lacks fire,and is deprived of the light of a heart ablaze.The day on which you arewithout passionate loveis the most wasted day of your life.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|Our lives are so important to us that we tend to think the story of them begins with our birth. First there was nothing, then I was born...Yet that is not so. Human lives are not pieces of string that can be separated out from a knot of others and laid out straight. Families are webs. Impossible to touch one part of it without setting the rest vibrating. Impossible to understand one part without having a sense of the whole. - Vida Winter
Douglas Coupland|Life is boring. People are vengeful. Good things always end. We do so many things and we don’t know why, and if we do find out why, it’s decades later and knowing why doesn’t matter any more.
Jeanette Winterson|The continuous narrative of existence is a lie. There is no continuous narrative, there are lit-up moments, and the rest is dark.
Brian Tracy, Personal Success|All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|The demon that you can swallow gives you its power, and the greater life’s pain, the greater life’s reply.
Philip Pullman, Clockwork|You don't win races by wishing, you win them by running faster than everyone else does.
Sarah Dessen|Because you have to just go with the flow. Your life is not your own, with people coming in and out all the time. You get mellow because you have to.
Graham Greene|Despair is the price one pays for setting oneself an impossible aim. It is, one is told, the unforgivable sin, but it is a sin the corrupt or evil man never practices. He always has hope. He never reaches the freezing-point of knowing absolute failure. Only the man of goodwill carries always in his heart this capacity for damnation.
Phil Lester|Whenever I see an ambulance, I like to think there is a baby being born, rather than a death.
Sarah Dessen, The Moon and More|The thing is, you can’t always have the best of everything. Because for a life to be real, you need it all: good and bad, beach and concrete, the familiar and the unknown, big talkers and small towns.
S.L. Jennings, Fear of Falling|Life may not be pretty but it's always beautiful. We may only see the ugliness on the surface. The shit that only the world chooses to notice. But, if we dig deep, if we get to the heart of life, where there's no pain or fear, where we can just be who we are and love freely without judgement, it's really beautiful.
Cecelia Ahern, Thanks for the Memories|at your weakest, you end up showing more strength; at your lowest, you are suddenly lifted higher than you’ve ever been. They all border one another, these opposites and show how quickly we can be altered.
Shannon Delany, 13 to Life|You know, considering your IQ, you're really socially retarded sometimes.
Charles M. Schulz, The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 5: 1959-1960|Life is just too much for me. I've been confused right from the day I was born... I think the whole trouble is that we're thrown into life too fast... We're not really prepared...""What did you want... A chance to warm up first?
Friedrich Nietzsche|The overman...Who has organized the chaos of his passions, given style to his character, and become creative. Aware of life's terrors, he affirms life without resentment. 
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Would you like to know your future?If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest life motivator.So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Do you know why books such as this are so important? Because they have quality. And what does the word quality mean? To me it means texture. This book has pores. It has features. This book can go under the microscope. You’d find life under the glass, streaming past in infinite profusion. The more pores, the more truthfully recorded details of life per square inch you can get on a sheet of paper, the more ‘literary’ you are. That’s my definition anyway. Telling detail. Fresh detail. The good writers touch life often. The mediocre ones run a quick hand over her. The bad ones rape her and leave her for the flies. So now you see why books are hated and feared? They show the pores in the face of life.
Anthony Robbins|I believe life is constantly testing us for our level of commitment, and life's greatest rewards are reserved for those who demonstrate a never-ending commitment to act until they achieve. This level of resolve can move mountains, but it must be constant and consistent. As simplistic as this may sound, it is still the common denominator separating those who live their dreams from those who live in regret.
Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life|In books I have traveled, not only to other worlds, but into my own. I learned who I was and who I wanted to be, what I might aspire to, and what I might dare to dream about my world and myself. More powerfully and persuasively than from the "shalt nots" of the Ten Commandments, I learned the difference between good and evil, right and wrong. A Wrinkle in Time described that evil, that wrong, existing in a different dimension from our own. But I felt that I, too, existed much of the time in a different dimension from everyone else I knew. There was waking, and there was sleeping. And then there were books, a kind of parallel universe in which anything might happen and frequently did, a universe in which I might be a newcomer but was never really a stranger. My real, true world. My perfect island.
Nikki Sixx, This Is Gonna Hurt: Music, Photography, And Life Through The Distorted Lens Of Nikki Sixx|Love those who hurt you the most, because they are probably the ones closest to you.They, too, are on a path, and just like you they are learning to walk before they can fly. Imagine of everybody you hurt in life turned their backs on you? You would be playing a hell of a lot of solitaire. Love them no matter what.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I will never deny that life isn't fair. It seems as though when a woman leaves a man she is strong and independent, but when a man leaves a woman he is a pig and a jerk.
Elizabeth   Taylor|I feel very adventurous. There are so many doors to be opened, and I'm not afraid to look behind them.
Voltaire|Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her; but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.
Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers|It is astounding to me, and achingly sad, that with eighty thousand people on the waiting list for donated hearts and livers and kidneys, with sixteen a day dying there on that list, that more then half of the people in the position H's family was in will say no, will choose to burn those organs or let them rot. We abide the surgeon's scalpel to save our own lives, out loved ones' lives, but not to save a stranger's life. H has no heart, but heartless is the last thing you'd call her.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|Still, he figured, sometimes you've got to do what you've got to do, and then sometimes you've just got to run like hell after it's done.
C. JoyBell C.|Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!
Lorrie Moore, Anagrams|They had, finally, the only thing anyone really wants in life: someone to hold your hand when you die.
Stephen King, The Running Man|In the year 2025, the best men don't run for president, they run for their lives. . . .
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|In the end things must be as they are and have always been--the great things remain for the great, the abysses for the profound, the delicacies and thrills for the refined, and, to sum up shortly, everything rare for the rare.
Charles de Lint, Dreams Underfoot|I don't think the world is the way we like to think it is. I don't think it's one solid world, but many, thousands upon thousands of them--as many as there are people--because each person perceives the world in his or her own way; each lives in his or her own world. Sometimes they connect, for a moment, or more rarely, for a lifetime, but mostly we are alone, each living in our own world, suffering our small deaths.
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|Heaven is an idea constructed by man to help him cope with the fact that life on earth is both brutally short and, paradoxically, far too long.
Osho|Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else. One is not "in love", one is love. And of course when one is love, one is in love – but that is an outcome, a by-product, that is not the source. The source is that one is love.
Gloria Gaither|We may run, walk, stumble. drive, or fly, but let us never lose sight of the reason for the journey, or miss a chance to see a rainbow on the way.
Lana Del Rey|Being brave means that knowing when you fail, you won't fail forever.
Guy de Maupassant, Bel-Ami|Life is a slope. As long as you're going up you're always looking towards the top and you feel happy, but when you reach it, suddenly you can see the road going downhill and death at the end of it all. It's slow going up and quick going down.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|The worst thing that could possibly happen to anybody would be to not be used for anything by anybody. Thank you for using me, even though I didn't want to be used by anybody.
Oscar Wilde|The true mystery of the world is the visible, not the invisible.
Douglas Coupland, Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture|When someone tells you they’ve just bought a house, they might as well tell you they no longer have a personality. You can immediately assume so many things: that they’re locked into jobs they hate; that they’re broke; that they spend every night watching videos; that they’re fifteen pounds overweight; that they no longer listen to new ideas. It’s profoundly depressing. 
Cristina Marrero|We never know when our last day on earth will be. So, love with full sincerity, believe with true faith, and hope with all of your might. Better to have lived in truth and discovered life, than to have lived half heartedly and died long before you ever ceased breathing. 
Pablo|No matter how many people believe or don’t believe in you, you must bethe ultimate believer in yourself!
Steven Erikson, Midnight Tides|Destiny is a lie. Destiny is justification for atrocity. It is the means by which murderers armour themselves against reprimand. It is a word intended to stand in place of ethics, denying all moral context.
Katherine Min, Secondhand World|It’s a secondhand world we’re born into. What is novel to us is only so because we’re newborn, and what we cannot see, that has come before- what our parents have seen and been and done- are the hand-me-downs we begin to wear as swaddling clothes, even as we ourselves are naked. The flaw runs through us, implicating us in its imperfection even as it separates us, delivers us onto opposite sides of a chasm. It is both terribly beautiful and terribly sad, but it is, finally, the fault in the universe that gives birth to us all.
Gustave Flaubert|We must laugh and cry, enjoy and suffer, in a word, vibrate to our full capacity … I think that’s what being really human means.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I look at the Augusteum,and I think that perhaps my life has not actually been so chaotic, after all. It is merely this world that is chaotic, bringing changes to us all that nobody could have anticipated. The Augusteum warns me to not to get attached to any obsolete ideas about who I am, what I represent, whom I belong to, or what function I may once have intended to serve. Yesterday I might have been a glorious monument to somebody, true enough--but tomorrow I could be a fireworks depository. Even in the Eternal City, says the silent Augusteum, one must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.
P. Harding|Your cold mornings are filled with the heartache about the fact that although we are not at ease in this world, it is all we have, that it is ours but that it is full of strife, so that all we can call our own is strife; but even that is better than nothing at all, isn't it? And as you split the frost-laced wood with numb hands, rejoice that your uncertainty is God's will and His grace toward you that that is beautiful, and a part of a greater certainty, as your own father always said in his sermons and to you at home. And as the ax bites into the wood, be comforted in the fact that the ache in your heart and the confusion in your soul means that you are still alive, still human, and still open to the beauty of the world, even though you have done nothing to deserve it. And when you resent the ache in your heart, remember: You will be dead and buried soon enough.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|It’s very simple. As you grow, you learn more. If you stayed at twenty-two, you’d always be as ignorant as you were at twenty-two. Aging is not just decay, you know. It’s growth. It’s more than the negative that you’re going to die, it’s also the positive that you understand you’re going to die, and that you live a better life because of it.
Roy T. Bennett|The past is a place of learning, not a place of living.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|Mankind flung its advance agents ever outward, ever outward. Eventually it flung them out into space, into the colorless, tasteless, weightless sea of outwardness without end. It flung them like stones.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project|Your nightmares follow you like a shadow, forever. 
Charlie Kaufman|Do I have an original thought in my head? My bald head. Maybe if I were happier, my hair wouldn't be falling out.Life is short. I need to make the most of it. Today is the first day of the rest of my life. I'm a walking cliché.I really need to go to the doctor and have my leg checked. There's something wrong. A bump. The dentist called again. I'm way overdue. If I stop putting things off, I would be happier. All I do is sit on my fat ass. If my ass wasn't fat I would be happier. I wouldn't have to wear these shirts with the tails out all the time. Like that's fooling anyone. Fat ass.I should start jogging again. Five miles a day. Really do it this time. Maybe rock climbing. I need to turn my life around. What do I need to do? I need to fall in love. I need to have a girlfriend. I need to read more, improve myself. What if I learned Russian or something? Or took up an instrument? I could speak Chinese. I'd be the screenwriter who speaks Chinese and plays the oboe. That would be cool.I should get my hair cut short. Stop trying to fool myself and everyone else into thinking I have a full head of hair. How pathetic is that?Just be real. Confident. Isn't that what women are attracted to? Men don't have to be attractive. But that's not true. Especially these days. Almost as much pressure on men as there is on women these days.Why should I be made to feel I have to apologize for my existence? Maybe it's my brain chemistry. Maybe that's what's wrong with me. Bad chemistry. All my problems and anxiety can be reduced to a chemical imbalance or some kind of misfiring synapses. I need to get help for that.But I'll still be ugly though.Nothing's gonna change that. 
Ali Shariati|My father chose my name , and my last name was chosen by my ancestors . That’s enough, I myself choose my way
Aristotle|...happiness does not consist in amusement. In fact, it would be strange if our end were amusement, and if we were to labor and suffer hardships all our life long merely to amuse ourselves.... The happy life is regarded as a life in conformity with virtue. It is a life which involves effort and is not spent in amusement....
Maxwell Maltz|You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you
David Archuleta, Chords of Strength: A Memoir of Soul, Song and the Power of Perseverance|I like to believe that you don't need to reach a certain goal to be happy. I prefer to think that happiness is always there, and that when things don't go the way we might like them to, it's a sign from above that something even better is right around the corner.
Jess C. Scott, The Intern|Please, touch me, I pray.
Patrick Ness, More Than This|You said we all want there to be more than this! Well, there's always more than this. There's always something you don't know.
David Brin|It is said that power corrupts, but actually it's more true that power attracts the corruptible. The sane are usually attracted by other things than power.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|If you would create something,you must be something.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|There are times when a feeling of expectancy comes to me, as if something is there, beneath the surface of my understanding, waiting for me to grasp it. It is the same tantalizing sensation when you almost remember a name, but don't quite reach it. I can feel it when I think of human beings, of the hints of evolution suggested by the removal of wisdom teeth, the narrowing of the jaw no longer needed to chew such roughage as it was accustomed to; the gradual disappearance of hair from the human body; the adjustment of the human eye to the fine print, the swift, colored motion of the twentieth century. The feeling comes, vague and nebulous, when I consider the prolonged adolesence of our species; the rites of birth, marriage and death; all the primitive, barbaric ceremonies streamlined to modern times. Almost, I think, the unreasoning, bestial purity was best. Oh, something is there, waiting for me. Perhaps someday the revelation will burst in upon me and I will see the other side of this monumental grotesque joke. And then I'll laugh. And then I'll know what life is.
Kevin Brockmeier, The View from the Seventh Layer|...When you die, the energy that kept you alive filters into the people you loved. Did you know that? It's like a fire you've tended all your life, and the sparks are all scattered into the wind.... That's why we survive as long as we do, because the people who loved us keep us going.
Brian Tracy|The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you desire.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Life isn’t meant to be lived perfectly…but merely to be LIVED. Boldly, wildly, beautifully, uncertainly, imperfectly, magically LIVED.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|After listening and getting to know more about you. Also, feeling a deep connection between us that goes beyond physical attraction. I'm beginning to feel for, so much more than the friendship that I waited to grow with you. I'm not going to try and rush things. However, I don't want to wait until it's to late.
Melina Marchetta, Froi of the Exiles|Some of us weren't born for rewards, Froi. We were born for sacrifices.
Vicki Corona, Tahitian Choreographies: Intermediate to Advanced Level Female Instruction|Remember that life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away!
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|Dustfinger inspected his reddened fingers and felt the taut skin. ‘He might tell me how my story ends,’ he murmured.	Meggie looked at him in astonishment. ‘You mean you don’t know?’	Dustfinger smiled. Meggie still didn’t particularly like his smile. It seemed to appear only to hide something else. ‘What’s so unusual about that, princess?’ he asked quietly. ‘Do you know how your story ends?’	Meggie had no answer for that.
Tim Burton, The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy and Other Stories|Mr. Smith yelled at the doctor,What have you done to my boy?He's not flesh and blood,he's aluminum alloy!"The doctor said gently,What I'm going to saywill sound pretty wild.But you're not the father of this strange looking child.You see, there still is some questionabout the child's gender,but we think that its fatheris a microwave blender.
Aristotle|Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting a particular way... you become just by performing just actions, temperate by performing temperate actions, brave by performing brave actions.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|Killers aren't always assassins. Sometimes, they don't even have blood on their hands.
Bob Marley|In high seas or in low seas,I'm gonna be your friend...I'm gonna be your friend.In high tide or in low tide,I'll be by your side...I'll be by your side.
Osamu Dazai, No Longer Human|All I feel are the assaults of apprehension and terror at the thought that I am the only one who is entirely unlike the rest. It is almost impossible for me to converse with other people. What should I talk about, how should I say it? - I don't know.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.
Langston Hughes, Selected Poems|So since I'm still here livin',I guess I will live on.I could've died for love--But for livin' I was born.
Ashly Lorenzana|People leave imprints on our lives, shaping who we become in much the same way that a symbol is pressed into the page of a book to tell you who it comes from. Dogs, however, leave paw prints on our lives and our souls, which are as unique as fingerprints in every way.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|Maybe if I forgot things once in a while, we'd all be a little bit happier.
Brian Tracy|If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own self-development.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|Dead, we are revealed in our true dimensions, and they are surprisingly modest.
Roman Payne|In life, more than in anything else, it isn’t easy to end up alive.
Sue Fitzmaurice|What it means to be authentic:- to be more concerned with truth than opinions- to be sincere and not pretend- to be free from hypocrisy: "walk your talk"- to know who you are and to be that person- to not fear others seeing your vulnerabilities- being confident to walk away from situations where you can't be yourself- being awake to your own feelings- being free from others' opinions of you- accepting and loving yourself
Stephen Jay Gould, The Flamingo's Smile: Reflections in Natural History|We have become, by the power of a glorious evolutionary accident called intelligence, the stewards of life's continuity on earth. We did not ask for this role, but we cannot abjure it. We may not be suited to it, but here we are.
Douglas Coupland, All Families are Psychotic|She thought about her life and how lost she’d felt for most of it. She thought about the way that all truths she’d been taught to consider valuable invariably conflicted with the world as it was actually lived. How could a person be so utterly lost, yet remain living?
Stephen King, Full Dark, No Stars|Life is fair. We all get the same nine-month shake in the box, and then the dice roll. Some people get a run of sevens. Some people, unfortunately, get snake-eyes. Its just how the world is.
Diana Wynne Jones, Archer's Goon|Learn to drive?""Never," said Quentin. "My mission in life is to be a passenger.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|First a warning, musical; then the hour, irrevocable. The leaden circles dissolved in the air.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Destiny|That is the challenge Companion. To take what has happened to you and learn from it. Nothing is quite so destructive as pity, especially self-pity. No event in life is so terrible that one cannot rise above it.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|If we were to one day encounter a form of life more powerful and intelligent than our own, and it regarded us as we regard fish, what would be our argument against being eaten?
Mitch Albom, The First Phone Call from Heaven|Sometimes, love brings you together even as life keeps you apart.
Michael J. Sullivan, Percepliquis|When you expect nothing from the world - not the light of the sun, the wet of water, nor the air to breathe - everything is a wonder and every moment a gift.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project|All the lives I could live, all the people I will never know, never will be, they are everywhere. That is all that the world is.
Tennessee Williams, The Milk Train Doesn't Stop Here Anymore|Has it ever struck you that life is all memory, except for the one present moment that goes by you so quick you hardly catch it going?
Alice Walker, Home Girls: A Black Feminist Anthology|Life is better than death, I believe, if only because it is less boring, and because it has fresh peaches in it.
Lemmy Kilmister|In my life so far, I have discovered that there are really only two kinds of people: those who are for you, and those who are against you. Learn to recognize them, for they are often and easily mistaken for each other.
Robert Cormier, The Chocolate War|He hated to think of his own life stretching ahead of him that way, a long succession of days and nights that were fine - not good, not bad, not great, not lousy, not exciting, not anything.
Bauvard, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You were lost in a daydream, when I walked in and you began screaming. But I know that could never actually happen. In real life I only enter people’s nightmares.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|Once you leave out all the bullshit they teach you in school, life gets really simple.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|There are no second chances in life, except to feel remorse.
John Green, Paper Towns|What about the rest of your life?"She shrugged. "What about it?""Aren't you worried about, like, forever?""Forever is composed of nows," she says.
Cassandra Clare, What to Buy the Shadowhunter Who Has Everything|He knew Alec enough by now to know the conflicting impulses that warred in him. He was conscientious, the kind of person who believed that the others around him were so much more important than he was, who already believed he was letting everybody down. And he was honest, the kind of person that was naturally open about all he felt and wanted. Alec's virtues had made a trap for him; these two good qualities had collided painfully. He felt he could not be honest without disappointing everyone he loved. It was a hideous conundrum for him. It was as if the world had been designed to make him unhappy.
Stefan Zweig, The World of Yesterday|Only the person who has experienced light and darkness, war and peace, rise and fall, only that person has truly experienced life.
Osho|You have to be grateful to existence that it has chosen you to be a passage for a few beautiful children. But you are not to interfere in their growth, in their potential. You are not to impose yourself upon them. They are not going to live in the same times, they are not going to face the same problems. They will be part of another world. Don´t prepare them for this world, this society, this time, because then you will be creating troubles for them. They will find themselves unfit, unqualified.
Charles M. Schulz, Charles M. Schulz: Conversations|I don't know the meaning of life. I don't know why we are here. I think life is full of anxieties and fears and tears. It has a lot of grief in it, and it can be very grim. And I do not want to be the one who tries to tell somebody else what life is all about. To me it's a complete mystery.
John Corey Whaley, Noggin|But in that moment I understood what they say about nostalgia, that no matter if you're thinking of something good or bad, it always leaves you a little emptier afterward.
Stephenie Meyer, The Twilight Saga: The Official Illustrated Guide|I think being a teenager is such a compelling time period in your life--it gives you some of your worst scars and some of your most exhilarating moments. It's a fascinating place; old enough to feel truly adult, old enough to make decisions that affect the rest of your life, old enough to fall in love, yet, at the same time too young (in most cases) to be free to make a lot of those decisions without someone else's approval.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Sometimes, some lies that spoken with high confidencecould be more receptive than facts that spoken with doubt.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|Life was a swarm of accidents waiting in the treetops, descending upon any living thing that passed, ready to eat them alive. You swam in a river of chance and coincidence. You clung to the happiest accidents- the rest you let float by.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Write it on your heart you are the most beautiful soul of the Universe. Realize it, honor it and celebrate the life.
Cecelia Ahern|At moments when life is at its worst there are two things you can do: 1.) break down,lose hope and refuse to go on while lying face down on the ground banging your fists and kicking your legs, or 2.) laugh. Bobby and I did the latter.
Socrates|Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued. 
C. JoyBell C.|Humanity does not suffer from the disease of wrong beliefs but humanity suffers from the contagious nature of the lack of belief. If you have no magic with you it is not because magic does not exist but it is because you do not believe in it. Even if the sun shines brightly upon your skin every day, if you do not believe in the sunlight, the sunlight for you does not exist.
C. JoyBell C.|I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|The letter said that they were two feet high, and green, and shaped like plumber's friends. Their suction cups were on the ground, and their shafts, which were extremely flexible, usually pointed to the sky. At the top of each shaft was a little hand with a green eye in its palm. The creatures were friendly, and they could see in four dimensions. They pitied Earthlings for being able to see only three. They had many wonderful things to teach Earthlings, especially about time. Billy promised to tell what some of those wonderful things were in his next letter.Billy was working on his second letter when the first letter was published. The second letter started out like this:The most important thing I learned on Tralfamadore was that when a person dies he only appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past, so it is very silly for people to cry at his funeral. All moments, past, present and future, always have existed, always will exist. The Tralfamadorians can look at all the different moments just that way we can look at a stretch of the Rocky Mountains, for instance. They can see how permanent all the moments are, and they can look at any moment that interests them. It is just an illusion we have here on Earth that one moment follows another one, like beads on a string, and that once a moment is gone it is gone forever.When a Tralfamadorian sees a corpse, all he thinks is that the dead person is in a bad condition in that particular moment, but that the same person is just fine in plenty of other moments. Now, when I myself hear that somebody is dead, I simply shrug and say what the Tralfamadorians say about dead people, which is "so it goes.
George Bernard Shaw|Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|Such a simple concept, yet so true: that which we manifest is before us; we are the creators of our own destiny. Be it through intention or ignorance, our successes and our failures have been brought on by none other than ourselves.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|Insanity is often the logic of an accurate mind overtasked. Good mental machinery ought to break its own wheels and levers, if anything is thrust among them suddenly which tends to stop them or reverse their motion. A weak mind does not accumulate force enough to hurt itself; stupidity often saves a man from going mad.
Rosie Thomas|Things don't matter, people do
Alan Moore, Watchmen|A live body and a dead body contain the same number of particles. Structurally, there's no discernible difference. Life and death are unquantifiable abstracts. Why should I be concerned?
Margaret Atwood, The Tent|Time folds you in its arms and gives you one last kiss, and then it flattens you out and folds you up and tucks you away until it's time for you to become someone else's past time, and then time folds again.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Happiness has to do with your mindset, not with outside circumstance.
Stephen King, Wolves of the Calla|I wanted to say goodbye to someone, and have someone say goodbye to me. The goodbyes we speak and the goodbyes we hear are the goodbyes that tell us we´re still alive.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|If I never went home, what exactly would I be missing? I pictured my cold cavernous house, my friendless town full of bad memories, the utterly unremarkable life that had been mapped out for me. It had never once occurred to me, I realized, to refuse it.
Guy de Maupassant|A human being - what is a human being? Everything and nothing. Through the power of thought it can mirror everything it experiences. Through memory and knowledge it becomes a microcosm, carrying the world within itself. A mirror of things, a mirror of facts. Each human being becomes a little universe within the universe!
Heather Vogel Frederick, Pies & Prejudice|Never say 'I can't.' 'I can't' is a limit, and life is about breaking through limits. Say 'I will' instead.
Greta Garbo|How can one change one's entire life and build a new one on one moment of love? And yet, that's what you make me want to close my eyes and do.
Edgar Lee Masters, Spoon River Anthology|To put meaning in one's life may end in madness,But life without meaning is the tortureOf restlessness and vague desire--It is a boat longing for the sea and yet afraid.
Darren Shan, Hell's Heroes|You can't hang around waiting for somebody else to pull your strings. Destiny's what you make of it. You have to face whatever life throws at you. And if it throws more than you'd like, more than you think you can handle? Well then you just have to find the heroism within yourself and play out the hand you've been dealt. The universe never sets a challenge that can't be met. You just need to believe in yourself in order to find the strength to face it.
Isabel Allende, Paula|Silence before being born, silence after death: life is nothing but noise between two unfathomable silences.
Douglas Coupland, The Gum Thief|A few years ago it dawned on me that everybody past a certain age ... pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives. They don't want to be who they are any more. They want out. This list includes Thurston Howell the Third, Ann-Margret, the cat members of Rent, Václav Havel, space shuttle astronauts and Snuffleupagus. It's universal.
C. JoyBell C.|It's like I get into a roller coaster, and sit there while it goes up and down and upside down and sometimes I get thrown out and I hit my head, but I crawl back in again and the moment I'm back in, it just keeps on going and going again...all of this, so I can find things out and then I write about the things I find out so you can find them out from me. All the bruises, all the wounds, all the bumps on the head, all the scars, just so I can take that and I can write all these things, and sometimes I say "God, I don't want to be in this roller coaster anymore." But when I think about it, if I'm not right here, then where the hell would I be? On the sidewalk? I wasn't born to stand on the sidewalk, I was born to fly around crazy in the sky!
Jodi Picoult, Perfect Match|Life, it turns out, goes on. There is no cosmic rule that grants you immunity from the details just because you have come face-to-face with a catastrophe. The garbage can still overflow, the bills arrive in the mail, telemarketers, interrupt dinner.
Kevin Smith|AZRAEL:No pleasure, no rapture, no exquisite sin greater... than central air. 
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Life shouldn't be about the either/or. We're capable of more than that, you know?
Maya Angelou|This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Tales of a Wayside Inn|Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing,Only a signal shown and a distant voice in the darkness;So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another,Only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|Defeat is for the valiant. Only they will know the honour of losing and the joy of winning I am not here to tell you that defeat is a part of life: we all know that. Only the defeated know Love. Because it is in the realm of love that we fight our first battles – and generally lose. I am here to tell you that there are people who have never been defeated. They are the ones who never fought. They managed to avoid scars, humiliations, feelings of helplessness, as well as those moments when even warriors doubt the existence of God.’’Manuscript Found In Accra – Paulo Coelho
Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen|When was it I realized that, on this truly dark and solitary path we all walk, the only way we can light is our own? Although I was raised with love, I was always lonely.Someday, without fail, everyone will disappear, scattered into the blackness of time.
Stephen King, The Long Walk|They're animals, all right. But why are you so goddam sure that makes us human beings?
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|You will have five hundred million little bells, and I shall have five hundred million springs of fresh water...
Voltaire|If we do not find anything very pleasant, at least we shall find something new.
John Grogan, Marley and Me: Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog|In a dog's life, some plaster would fall, some cushions would open, some rugs would shred. Like any relationship, this one had its costs. They were costs we came to accept and balance against the joy and amusement and protection and companionship he gave us.
Julia Sorel|if youre never scared, or embarased, or hurt, it means you never take any chances.
Lao Tzu|In the end,The treasure of life is missed by those who hold on and gained by those who let go.
Mercedes Lackey, Owlflight|To treat a person like a carpet, it is necessary that one do the walking, and one allow himself to be walked on.--Shin'a'in saying
Spider Robinson| …when writing, always hook the reader with your first sentence…in love, never settle…value yourself first and this will help you to value others…life is short, so enjoy it to the fullest…everyone in the world is different, and that’s ok…
Lorraine Heath, Surrender to the Devil|Life is a journey, Frannie darling," Feagan had once told me. "Choose well those with whom you travel."As always, I've followed Feagan's counsel.
Roger Zelazny, The Courts of Chaos|I saw my earlier selves as different people, acquaintances I had outgrown. I wondered how I could ever have been some of them.
Ian McEwan, The Daydreamer|If life was a dream, then dying must be the moment when you woke up. It was so simple it must be true. You died, the dream was over, you woke up. That's what people meant when they talked about going to heaven. It was like waking up.
Dory Hollander, 101 Lies Men Tell Women -- And Why Women Believe Them|Women and men who have established no-lie relationships talk about them with reverence, even when they are not permanent and, in fact, even when they are not romantic. Why? In the no-lie relationship there is acceptance of who each partner is, rather than a shallow idealization. There is a genuine commitment to the relationship beyond the immediate. You each act as though you are in a real partnership that will last.
Grandma Moses|And life is what we make it.Always has been, always will be.
George Harrison|Some things take so longBut how do I explainWhen not too many peopleCan see we're all the sameAnd because of all their tearsYour eyes can't hope to seeThe beauty that surrounds themNow, isn't it a pity
Dean Karnazes, Ultramarathon Man: Confessions of an All-Night Runner|Struggling and suffering are the essence of a life worth living. If you're not pushing yourself beyond the comfort zone, if you're not demanding more from yourself - expanding and learning as you go - you're choosing a numb existence. You're denying yourself an extraordinary trip.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|I walked down the hall and saw that [she] was sitting on the floor next to a chair. This is always a bad sign. It's a slippery slope, and it's best just to sit in chairs, to eat when hungry, to sleep and rise and work. But we have all been there. Chairs are for people, and you're not sure if you are one.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Voices of the Night|Tell me not in mournful numbers,Life is but an empty dream!For the soul is dead that slumbers,And things are not what they seem.Life is real! Life is earnest!And the grave is not its goal;Dust thou are, to dust thou returnest,Was not spoken of the soul.
Morrissey|Now this might disturb you, but I find I'm OK by myself;and I don't need you or your benevolence to make sense.
Robin S. Sharma, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari: A Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams  Reaching Your Destiny|Push yourself to do more and to experience more. Harness your energy to start expanding your dreams. Yes, expand your dreams. Don't accept a life of mediocrity when you hold such infinite potential within the fortress of your mind. Dare to tap into your greatness.
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|Love is forever. If it wasn't, it wouldn't be love. The world is beautiful. If it wasn't, it wouldn't be the world.
Patrick Ness, The Ask and the Answer|So we forgive each other?" The crooked smile climbs up one more time. "Again?"And I look right into his eyes, right into him as far as I can see, because I want him to hear me, I want him to hear me with everything I mean and feel and say."Always," I say to him. "Every time.
Dione Lucas|The preparation of good food is merely another expression of art, one of the joys of civilized living…
Ian McEwan, Atonement|He knew these last lines by heart and mouthed them now in the darkness. My reason for life. Not living, but life. That was the touch. And she was his reason for life, and why he must survive.
Jim Beaver, Life's That Way|Forgiveness is not something you do for someone else; it's something you do for yourself. To forgive is not to condone, it is to refuse to continue feeling bad about an injury.
Katherine Paterson, Bridge to Terabithia|Sometimes it seemed to him that his life was delicate as a dandelion. One little puff from any direction, and it was blown to bits.
Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song|She cracked a smile. "So what's your poison" He sighed dramatically, and let the truth tumble off his tongue. "Life." "Ah," she said ruefully. "That'll kill you.
Brian Tracy|If you envy successful people, you create a negative force field of attraction that repels you from ever doing the things that you need to do to be successful. If you admire successful people, you create a positive force field of attraction that draws you toward becoming more and more like the kinds of people that you want to be like.
Brian Tracy|The more credit you give away, the more will come back to you. The more you help others, the more they will want to help you.
Charlie Kaufman, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind: The Shooting Script|CLEMENTINE: This is it, Joel. It's going to be gone soon.JOEL: I know.CLEMENTINE: What do we do?JOEL: Enjoy it.
C.S. Lewis|The rule of the universe is that others can do for us what we cannot do for ourselves, and one can paddle every canoe except one's own. 
Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Gift from the Sea|The shape of my life is, of course, determined by many things; my background and childhood, my mind and its education, my conscience and its pressures, my heart and its desires.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Because inside me is a beast that snarls, and growls, and strains toward freedom.. and as hard as I try, I cannot kill it.
Alexander McCall Smith, Love Over Scotland|Regular maps have few surprises: their contour lines reveal where the Andes are, and are reasonably clear. More precious, though, are the unpublished maps we make ourselves, of our city, our place, our daily world, our life; those maps of our private world we use every day; here I was happy, in that place I left my coat behind after a party, that is where I met my love; I cried there once, I was heartsore; but felt better round the corner once I saw the hills of Fife across the Forth, things of that sort, our personal memories, that make the private tapestry of our lives.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|It’s funny how you can live somewhere your whole life, but not really see it.
Mitch Albom|Everyone is in such a hurry. People haven’t found meaning in their lives, so they’re running all the time looking for it. They think the next car, the next house, the next job. Then they find those things are empty, too, and they keep running. Once you start running, it’s hard to slow yourself down.
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|Images flicker, each one bringing its own sorrow or its own smile. Sometimes both. At the very worst, an impenetrable and sightless black and at best, a happiness so bright that it hurts the eyes to see, coming and going on some unseen projector perpetually turned by an invisible hand. One, then another. The hollow click of the shutter. Now stop. Freeze this frame. Pluck it down and hold it close and be damned by what you see. Henri always said: the price of a memory is the memory if the sorrow it brings.
David Olguín|Sin sorpresas, aunque sean disagredables, nadie estaria dispuesto a vivir.
Sarah Strohmeyer, Kindred Spirits|I think the only answer is to live life to the fullest while you can and collect memories like fools collect money. Because in the end, that's all you have - happy memories.
Alysha Speer|Depression weighs you down like a rock in a river. You don't stand a chance. You can fight and pray and hope you have the strength to swim, but sometimes, you have to let yourself sink. Because you'll never know true happiness until someone or something pulls you back out of that river--and you'll never believe it until you realize it was you, yourself who saved you.
Michael  Summers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night. The best day of my life was when I taught you how to juggle, but the best day of yours was when you taught someone else.
Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories|Each one of us here today will at one time in our lives look upon a loved one who is in need and ask the same question: We are willing to help, Lord, but what, if anything, is needed? For it is true we can seldom help those closest to us. Either we don't know what part of ourselves to give or, more often than not, the part we have to give is not wanted. And so it is those we live with and should know who elude us. But we can still love them - we can love completely without complete understanding.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift: Speak Now|It's alright, just wait and see, your string of lights is still bright to me. Who you are is not where you've been. You're still an innocent. It's okay life is a tough crowd, 32 is still growing up now.
Leon Trotsky, Diary in Exile, 1935|Life is not an easy matter…. You cannot live through it without falling into frustration and cynicism unless you have before you a great idea which raises you above personal misery, above weakness, above all kinds of perfidy and baseness.
Friedrich Nietzsche|He who has attained the freedom of reason to any extent cannot, for a long time, regard himself otherwise than as a wanderer on the face of the earth - and not even as a traveler towards a final goal, for there is no such thing. But he certainly wants to observe and keep his eyes open to whatever actually happens in the world; therefore he cannot attach his heart too firmly to anything individual; he must have in himself something wandering that takes pleasure in change and transitoriness.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|Everything has boundaries. The same holds true with thought. You shouldn't fear boundaries, but you should not be afraid of destroying them. That's what is most important if you want to be free: respect for and exasperation with boundaries.
Louise Candlish, Before We Say Goodbye|Thinking there is something better out there in the world, something worth more than you already have- of all my mistakes,that was my biggest.
Santosh Kalwar|Life is an experiment in which you may fail or succeed. Explore more, expect least.
David Foster Wallace, This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life|Because here's something else that's weird but true: in the day-to-day trenches of adult life, there is actually no such thing as atheism. There is no such thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship. And the compelling reason for maybe choosing some sort of god or spiritual-type thing to worship--be it JC or Allah, be it YHWH or the Wiccan Mother Goddess, or the Four Noble Truths, or some inviolable set of ethical principles--is that pretty much anything else you worship will eat you alive. If you worship money and things, if they are where you tap real meaning in life, then you will never have enough, never feel you have enough. It's the truth. Worship your body and beauty and sexual allure and you will always feel ugly. And when time and age start showing, you will die a million deaths before they finally grieve you. On one level, we all know this stuff already. It's been codified as myths, proverbs, clichés, epigrams, parables; the skeleton of every great story. The whole trick is keeping the truth up front in daily consciousness.Worship power, you will end up feeling weak and afraid, and you will need ever more power over others to numb you to your own fear. Worship your intellect, being seen as smart, you will end up feeling stupid, a fraud, always on the verge of being found out. But the insidious thing about these forms of worship is not that they're evil or sinful, it's that they're unconscious. They are default settings.They're the kind of worship you just gradually slip into, day after day, getting more and more selective about what you see and how you measure value without ever being fully aware that that's what you're doing.
Gerard Way|Those guys who want to have the Mohawk...which, to me, is the new business casual.
Noah Levine|Waking up is not a selfish pursuit of happiness, it is a revolutionary stance, from the inside out, for the benefit of all beings in existence.
Mac Miller|No matter where life takes me, you'll find me with a smile. Presumed to be happy, always laughing like a child. I never thought life could be this sweet! It's got me cheesing from cheek to cheek!
Charlie Kaufman|There really is only one ending to any story. Human life ends in death. Until then, it keeps going and gets complicated and there's loss. Everything involves loss; every relationship ends in one way or another.
Ann Brashares, The Second Summer of the Sisterhood|Lena knew she had spent too much of her life in a state of passive dread, just waiting for something bad to happen. In a life like that, relief was as close as you got to happiness. 
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|We all build internal sea walls to keep at bay the sadnesses of life and the often overwhelming forces within our minds. In whatever way we do this—through love, work, family, faith, friends, denial, alcohol, drugs, or medication—we build these walls, stone by stone, over a lifetime. One of the most difficult problems is to construct these barriers of such a height and strength that one has a true harbor, a sanctuary away from crippling turmoil and pain, but yet low enough, and permeable enough, to let in fresh seawater that will fend off the inevitable inclination toward brackishness.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|Remember to breathe. It is after all, the secret of life.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|That's what I do. Watch movies and read. Sometimes I even pretend to write, but I'm not fooling anyone. Oh, and I go to the mailbox.
Димитър Димов, Тютюн|Тя усети изведнъж, че все пак нещо й липсваше през този дъждовен пролетен ден, нещо, от което бе имала нужда винаги, но което прогниваше съзнателно, за да не я върне към миналото й. Тя го усети внезапно и бурно. Това вече не беше той, а само вълнението, което изпитваше към него, само сълзите и радостта, с които някога я изпълваше той.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Every man should believe in something.If not..he would doubt everything, even himself.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|In any kind of relationship we can make the assumption that others know what we think, and we don’t have to say what we want. They are going to do what we want because they know us so well. If they don’t do what we want, what we assume they should do, we feel hurt and think, “How could you do that? You should know.” Again, we make the assumption that the other person knows what we want. A whole drama is created because we make this assumption and then put more assumptions ontop of it.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|He who moves not forward, goes backward.
Deb Caletti, Stay|I've heard that people stand in bad situations because a relationship like that gets turned up by degrees. It is said that a frog will jump out of a pot of boiling water. Place him in a pot and turn it up a little at a time, and he will stay until he is boiled to death. Us frogs understand this.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|I don't want to live in a world where the strong rule and the weak cower. I'd rather make a place where things are a little quieter. Where trolls stay the hell under their bridges and where elves don't come swooping out to snatch children from their cradles. Where vampires respect the limits, and where the faeries mind their p's and q's. My name is Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden. Conjure by it at your own risk. When things get strange, when what goes bump in the night flicks on the lights, when no one else can help you, give me a call. I'm in the book.
Jillian Dodd, That Boy|When I think about the kind of guy I want to marry, I think I might prefer someone who knows where they are going. I mean a prince pretty much has his whole life planned out already, doesn't he? And this is important because I have no idea where I'm going or what I want to do with my life.
Mia Hamm|Many people say I'm the best women's soccer player in the world. I don't think so. And because of that, someday I just might be.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|A written word is the choicest of relics. It is something at once more intimate with us and more universal than any other work of art. It is the work of art nearest to life itself. It may be translated into every language, and not only be read but actually breathed from all human lips; -- not be represented on canvas or in marble only, but be carved out of the breath of life itself.
Joseph Conrad|Few men realize that their life, the very essence of their character, their capabilities and their audacities, are only the expression of their belief in the safety of their surroundings.
Victoria Schwab, Our Dark Duet|People were messy. They were defined not only by what they'd done, but by what they would have done, under different circumstances, molded as much by their regrets as their actions, choices they stood by and those they wished they could undo. Of course, there was no going back - time only moved forward - but people could change. For worse.And for better.It wasn't easy. The world was complicated. Life was hard. And so often, living hurt. So make it worth the pain.
Ernestine Gilbreth Carey, Belles on Their Toes|In a person's lifetime there may be not more than half a dozen occasions that he can look back to in the certain knowledge that right then, at that moment, there was room for nothing but happiness in his heart.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|The backcountry signs say stuff like BEYOND THIS POINT IS A HIGH RISK AREA, WHICH HAS MANY HAZARDS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, AVALANCHES, CLIFFS, AND HIDDEN OBSTACLES, YOU MAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE COST OF YOUR RESCUE and I think, um, no thanks. I choose life.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|But, in her life, nothing was going to happen. Such was the will of God! The future was a dark corridor, and at the far end the door was bolted.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|My mother was strong, in all the ways I was weak. She fell, she hurt, she felt. She lived. And for all the tumble of her experiences, she still had hope. Maybe this next time would do the trick. Or maybe not. But unless you stepped into the game, you will never know.
Jordan Belfort|When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, especially those you love.
Lauren Myracle, Shine|If everyone started off the day singing, just think how happy they'd be.
Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now|life's kind of like a painting. A really bizarre, abstract painting. You could look at it and think that all it is, is a blur. And you could continue living your life thinking that all it is, is just a blur. But if you really look at it, really see it, focus on it, and use your imagination, life can become so much more. The painting could be of the sea, the sky, people,buildings, a butterfly on a flower, or anything except the blur you were once convinced it was.
Gabrielle Zevin|In the end, the end of a life only matters to friends, family, and other folks you used to know. For everyone else, it's just another end.
Sergei Rachmaninoff|Music is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|That means life itself is a fairy tale. Like the characters, we all live and love and search for a happily-ever-after.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Tell me that the purpose of life is to have fun, and without a care in the world I'll begin wreaking havoc on everything I pass. Now that's what I call pure, honest fun.
Bruce Sterling|You know what's truly weird about any financial crisis? We made it up. Currency, money, finance, they're all social inventions. When the sun comes up in the morning it's shining on the same physical landscape, all the atoms are in place.
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|The wolves knew when it was time to stop looking for what they'd lost, to focus instead on what was yet to come.
Shannon L. Alder|It is easier to tell a person what life is not, rather than to tell them what it is. A child understands weeds that grow from lack of attention, in a garden. However, it is hard to explain the wild flowers that one gardener calls weeds, and another considers beautiful ground cover.
Lemmy Kilmister|I don't do regrets. Regrets are pointless. It's too late for regrets. You've already done it, haven't you? You've lived your life. No point wishing you could change it.
Franz Kafka, The Trial|But I’m not guilty,” said K. “there’s been a mistake. How is it even possible for someone to be guilty? We’re all human beings here, one like the other.” “That is true” said the priest “but that is how the guilty speak
Ashly Lorenzana|Never try to do anything that is outside of who you are. A forced smile is a sign of what feels wrong in your heart, so recognize it when it happens. Living a lie will reduce you to one.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|We shouldn't live as if [other worlds] mattered more than this life in this world, because where we are is always the most important place.
Morrissey|I was wasting my time, praying for love.For a love that never comes, from someone who does not exist.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|It is worth it to leave behing my minor life for grander maybes-Miles "Pudge
Deb Caletti, Stay|You can forget that other people carry pieces of your own story around in their heads. I've always thought--put together all those random pieces form everyone who's ever known you from your parents to the guy who once sat next to you on a bus, and you'd probably see a fuller version of your life than you even did while living it.
Sarah Kay|Some people read palms to tell your future, but I read hands to tell your past. Each scar makes a story worth telling. Each callused palm, each cracked knuckle is a missed punch or years in a factory.
Brian Tracy|Every minute you spend in planning saves 10 minutes in execution; this gives you a 1,000 percent Return on Energy!
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|There is no list of rules. There is one rule. The rule is: there are no rules. Happiness comes from living as you need to, as you want to. As your inner voice tells you to. Happiness comes from being who you actually are instead of who you think you are supposed to be. Being traditional is not traditional anymore. It’s funny that we still think of it that way. Normalize your lives, people. You don’t want a baby? Don’t have one. I don’t want to get married? I won’t. You want to live alone? Enjoy it. You want to love someone? Love someone. Don’t apologize. Don’t explain. Don’t ever feel less than. When you feel the need to apologize or explain who you are, it means the voice in your head is telling you the wrong story. Wipe the slate clean. And rewrite it. No fairy tales. Be your own narrator. And go for a happy ending. One foot in front of the other. You will make it.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|If you don't want anyone to know about your existence, you might as well kill yourself. You're taking up space, air.
Eckhart Tolle|What will be left of all the fearing and wanting associated with your problematic life situation that every day takes up most of your attention? A dash, one or two inches long, between the date of birth and date of death on your gravestone.
George Burns|Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
Pablo|Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.
Pablo|Regardless of Sunshine or Rain, Be Thankful for another GREAT day…and treat Life as the ULTIMATE Gift.... Because IT IS :)
Jess C. Scott, Clear: A Guide to Treating Acne Naturally|Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.
Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon|All these bad experiences that we go through, they don't just disappear. We carry them our whole life trying to forget, escaping in habits, addictions, hate, toxic relationships. But what we don't know is that by doing so we let them stay alive. We water them like withered flowers and we hang onto them to justify our mistakes and failures.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|I never wanted to go away, and the hard part now is the leaving you all. I'm not afraid, but it seems as if I should be homesick for you even in heaven.
Jason Mraz|Some of us go full circle. Some of us blindly go nowhere. The circle doesn’t have to be very large to make a point, kick your ass and/or be entertaining. Remember that and stay light. Even the deaf know good music when they hear it.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.
Katsura Hoshino|When you lost sight of your path, listen for the destination in your heart (Allen Walker, D-gray Man)
Mary Oliver, Dream Work|I wanted the past to go away, I wanted to leave it, like another country; I wanted my life to close, and open like a hinge, like a wing, like the part of the song where it falls down over the rocks: an explosion, a discovery; I wanted to hurry into the work of my life; I wanted to know,whoever I was, I wasalive for a little while.
Jonathan Larson, Rent|Forget regret, or life is yours to miss. No other path, no other way, no day but today.
Gertrude Stein, Tender Buttons|In the morning there is meaning, in the evening there is feeling.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|So, this is how it's become? This is how I've become? A walking contradiction? I'm surrounded by people and feel alone. I claim to crave a bit of normalcy but now that I have some, it's like I don't know what to do with it, I don't know how to be a normal person anymore.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Narcissus in Chains|The heart wants what it wants, Dolp. You don't plan on making your life complicated, it just happens,and you don"t do it on purpose, and you don't do it to hurt people who love you. It just turns out that way sometimes.
Bob Dylan|I failed to communicate, that's why I chose to leave
Daniel C. Tomas|Life's just a bunch of accidents, connected by one perfect end.
Tony McCollum|When people walk away from you, let them go. Your destiny is never tied to anyone who leaves you, and it doesn't mean they are bad people. It just means that their part in your story is over.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|We are always falling in love or quarreling, looking for jobs or fearing to lose them, getting ill and recovering, following public affairs. If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can really get down to our work. The only people who achieve much are those who want knowledge so badly that they seek it while the conditions are still unfavorable. Favorable conditions never come.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare, you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.""And what is that nightmare, Craig?""Life.
Dorothy   Thompson|Peace is not the absence of conflict but the presence of creative alternatives for responding to conflict -- alternatives to passive or aggressive responses, alternatives to violence.
Douglas Coupland, Player One: What Is to Become of Us|By the age of twenty, you know you're not going to be a rock star. By twenty-five, you know you're not going to be a dentist or any kind of professional. And by thirty, darkness starts moving in- you wonder if you're ever going to be fulfilled, let alone wealthy and successful. By thirty-five, you know, basically, what you're going to be doing for the rest of your life, and you become resigned to your fate......I mean, why do people live so long? What could be the difference between death at fifty-five and death at sixty-five or seventy-five or eighty-five? Those extra years... what benefit could they possibly have? Why do we go on living even though nothing new happens, nothing new is learned, and nothing new is transmitted? At fifty-five, your story's pretty much over.
Dalai Lama XIV|Life is as dear to a mute creature as it is to man. Just as one wants happiness and fears pain, just as one wants to live and not die, so do other creatures.
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|Imagine that one day you are out for a walk in the woods. Suddenly you see a small spaceship on the path in front of you. A tiny Martian climbs out the spaceship and stands on the ground looking up at you…What would you think? Never mind, it’s not important. But have you ever given any thought to the fact that you are a Martian yourself?It is obviously unlikely that you will ever stumble upon a creature from another planet. We do not even know that there is life on other planets. But you might stumble upon yourself one day. You might suddenly stop short and see yourself in a completely new light. On just such a walk in the woods. I am an extraordinary being, you think. I am a mysterious creature.You feel as if you are waking from an enchanted slumber. Who am I? you ask. You know that you are stumbling around on a planet in the universe. But what is the universe?If you discover yourself in this manner you will have discovered something as mysterious as the Martian we just mentioned. You will not only have seen a being from outer space. You will feel deep down that you are yourself an extraordinary being.
C.S. Lewis|The human heart is not unchanging (nay, changes almost out of recognition in the twinkling of an eye)...
Andrea Gibson|...It’s hard to watchthe game we make of love,like everyone’s playing checkerswith their scars,saying checkmatewhenever they get outwithout a broken heart.Just to be clearI don’t want to get outwithout a broken heart.I intend to leave this lifeso shatteredthere’s gonna have to bea thousand separate heavensfor all of my flying parts.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|The untold want, by life and land ne'er granted,Now, Voyager, sail thou forth, to seek and find.
Peter Matthiessen|When we are mired in the relative world, never lifting our gaze to the mystery, our life is stunted, incomplete; we are filled with yearning for that paradise that is lost when, as young children, we replace it with words and ideas and abstractions - such as merit, such as past, present, and future - our direct, spontaneous experience of the thing itself, in the beauty and precision of this present moment.
Sarah Dessen|It seemed like this day could go in so many directions, like a spiderweb shooting out toward endless possibilities. Whenever you made a choice, especially one you'd been resisting, it always affected everything else, some in big ways, like a tremor beneath your feet, others in so tiny a shift you hardly noticed a change at all. But it was happening.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The straight line, a respectable optical illusion which ruins many a man.
Fernando Pessoa, The Education of the Stoic|Sit still with me in the shade of these green trees, which have no weightier thought than the withering of their leaves when autumn arrives, or the stretching of their many stiff fingers into the cold sky of the passing winter. Sit still with me and meditate on how useless effort is, how alien the will, and on how our very meditation is no more useful than effort, and no more our own than the will. Meditate too on how a life that wants nothing can have no weight in the flux of things, but a life the wants everything can likewise have no weight in the flux of things, since it cannot obtain everything, and to obtain less than everything is not worthy of souls that seek the truth.
Andrew Murray|Humility is perfect quietness of heart. It is to expect nothing, to wonder at nothing that is done to me, to feel nothing done against me. It is to be at rest when nobody praises me, and when I am blamed or despised. It is to have a blessed home in the Lord, where I can go in and shut the door, and kneel to my Father in secret, and am at peace as in a deep sea of calmness, when all around and above is trouble.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Einmal ist keinmal, says Tomas to himself. What happens but once, says the German adage, might as well not have happened at all. If we have only one life to live, we might as well not have lived at all.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|Any intelligent person knows that life is a beautiful thing and that the purpose of life is to be happy," said my father as he watched the three beauties. "But it seems only idiots are ever happy. How can we explain this?
Albert Camus, The Fall|Thus I progressed on the surface of life, in the realm of words as it were, never in reality. All those books barely read, those friends barely loved, those cities barely visited, those women barely possessed! I went through the gestures out of boredom or absent-mindedness. Then came human beings; they wanted to cling, but there was nothing to cling to, and that was unfortunate--for them. As for me, I forgot. I never remembered anything but myself.
Alexander McCall Smith, The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency|It was time to take the pumpkin out of the pot and eat it. In the final analysis, that was what solved these big problems of life. You could think and think and get nowhere, but you still had to eat your pumpkin. That brought you down to earth. That gave you a reason for going on. Pumpkin.
Thomas L. Friedman|In my world, you don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and be against common-sense gun control — like banning public access to the kind of semiautomatic assault rifle, designed for warfare, that was used recently in a Colorado theater. You don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and want to shut down the Environmental Protection Agency, which ensures clean air and clean water, prevents childhood asthma, preserves biodiversity and combats climate change that could disrupt every life on the planet. You don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and oppose programs like Head Start that provide basic education, health and nutrition for the most disadvantaged children...The term “pro-life” should be a shorthand for respect for the sanctity of life. But I will not let that label apply to people for whom sanctity for life begins at conception and ends at birth. What about the rest of life? Respect for the sanctity of life, if you believe that it begins at conception, cannot end at birth.
prixie|Single is not a status, it is a word that describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.
Marcus Aurelius, The Emperor's Handbook|Your days are numbered. Use them to throw open the windows of your soul to the sun. If you do not, the sun will soon set, and you with it.
Brian Tracy|Disciplining yourself to do what you know is right and importance, although difficult, is the highroad to pride, self-esteem, and personal satisfaction.
Harshit Walia|Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.
Masashi Kishimoto|You said you want to became Hokage. I have become the Kazekage. If you are willing to bear the name Kage, you have to do what you must do.
David Guterson, Snow Falling on Cedars|To deny that there was this dark side of life would be like pretending that the cold of winter was somehow only a temporary illusion, a way station on the way to the higher "reality" of long, warm, pleasant summers. But summer, it turned out, was no more real than the snow that melted in wintertime.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|As the rain falls and the sun shines, they grow, grow, grow; minds so open, they go through life aware and accepting, seeing light where there's dark, seeing possibility in dead ends, tasting victory as others spit out failure, questioning where others accept. Just a little less jaded, a little less cynical.
Ogwo David Emenike|Love springs from the inside. It is the immortal surge of passion, excitement, energy, power, strength, prosperity, recognition, respect, desire, determination, enthusiasm, confidence, courage, and vitality, that nourishes, extends and protects. It possesses an external objective - life.
Eric Roth|For what it’s worth: it’s never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you’re proud of, and if you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Maybe the truth was, it shouldn't be so easy to be amazing. Then everything would be. It's the things you fight for and struggle with before earning that have the greatest worth. When something's difficult to come by, you'll do that much more to make sure it's even harder--if not impossible--to lose.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I didnt pay atteniton to times or distance, instead focusing on how it felt just to be in motion, knowing it wasn't about the finish line but how I got there that mattered.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|Chiron had said once that nations were the most foolish of mortal inventions. "No man is worth more than another, wherever he is from.""But what if he is your friend?" Achilles had asked him, feet kicked up on the wall of the rose-quartz cave. "Or your brother? Should you treat him the same as a stranger?""You ask a question that philosophers argue over," Chiron had said. He is worth more to you, perhaps. But the stranger is someone else's friend and brother. So which life is more important?"We had been silent. We were fourteen, and these things were too hard for us. Now that we are twenty-seven, they still feel too hard.He is half of my soul, as the poets say. He will be dead soon, and his honor is all that will remain. It is his child, his dearest self. Should I reproach him for it? I have saved Briseis. I cannot save them all. I know, now, how I would answer Chiron. I would say: there is no answer. Whichever you choose, you are wrong.
Deb Caletti, Honey, Baby, Sweetheart|The magic of purpose and of love in its purest form. Not televison love, with its glare and hollow and sequined glint; not sex and allure, all high shoes and high drama, everything both too small and in too much excess, but just love. Love like rain, like the smell of a tangerine, like a surprise found in your pocket.
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|He was fucking sad. That's it. That's the point. He knows life is never going to get any different for him. That there's no fixing him. It's always going to be the same monotonous depressing bullshit. Boring, sad, boring, sad. He just wants it to be over.
Simone Weil, Gravity and Grace|All the natural movements of the soul are controlled by laws analogous to those of physical gravity. Grace is the only exception. Grace fills empty spaces, but it can only enter where there is a void to receive it, and it is grace itself which makes this void. The imagination is continually at work filling up all the fissures through which grace might pass.
Mitch Albom|Sometimes, kids want you to hurt the way they hurt.
Griet Op de Beeck, Vele hemels boven de zevende|Leef hard en goed en schoon en wild. Kijk goed, voel beter. Wees niet bang. Kies voor wat u blij maakt, wat het ook moge zijn. Durf proberen wat te lastig lijkt. Leg de lat hoog genoeg. Koester en laat u koesteren. Geef anderen wat ze verdienen, en uzelf minstens ook. Blijf hopen, willen, dromen, wensen.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|The flower bloomed and faded. The sun rose and sank. The lover loved and went. And what the poets said in rhyme, the young translated into practice.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Like anybody, I would like to have a long life. Longevity has its place. But I'm not concerned about that now. I just want to do God's will.
Jodi Picoult, Plain Truth|She shrugged. "You can be happy for someone else's good fortune, but that doesn't mean you forget your own bad luck.
Sophie Kinsella, Twenties Girl|Life is like an escalator. You see, it carries you on regardless. And you might as well enjoy the view and seize every opportunity while you're passing. Otherwise, it'll be too late.
Amit Ray|Life is a mystery- mystery of beauty, bliss and divinity. Meditation is the art of unfolding that mystery.
Spurious quote attributed to George Washington but never said by him .|A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|What do you think has become of the young and old men? And what do you think has become of the women and children? They are alive and well somewhere, The smallest sprout shows there is really no death, And if ever there was it led forward life, and does not wait at the end to arrest it, And ceas'd the moment life appear'd. All goes onward and outward, nothing collapses, And to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier.
Roy T. Bennett|When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|Тo me, the future doesn’t seem real. It’s just this magical place where I can put my responsibilities so that I don’t have to be scared while hurtling toward failure at eight hundred miles per hour.
Alexander Gordon Smith, Lockdown|When you're locked up in here for life, you learn to welcome the little freedoms.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols|Without music, life would be a mistake.
Marilyn Monroe|Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan|We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Bil Keane|Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Thomas A. Edison|I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Theodore Roosevelt|Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Shel Silverstein|Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.
Helen Keller|When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Winston S. Churchill|Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
John Lennon|You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.
Dr. Seuss, Horton Hears a Who!|A person's a person, no matter how small.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Out of Solitude: Three Meditations on the Christian Life|When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives mean the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand. The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing, not curing, not healing and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is a friend who cares.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
Audrey Hepburn|Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Herbert Bayard Swope|I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia. (...) You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
Sam Levenson, In One Era & Out the Other|For attractive lips, speak words of kindness.For lovely eyes, seek out the good in people.For a slim figure, share your food with the hungry.For beautiful hair, let a child run his fingers through it once a day.For poise, walk with the knowledge you’ll never walk alone....We leave you a tradition with a future.The tender loving care of human beings will never become obsolete.People even more than things have to be restored, renewed, revived, reclaimed and redeemed and redeemed and redeemed.Never throw out anybody.Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, you’ll find one at the end of your arm.As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands: one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.Your “good old days” are still ahead of you, may you have many of them.
Abraham Lincoln|Whatever you are, be a good one.
Thomas Szasz|Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.
C. JoyBell C.|You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.
Alexandre Dumas|There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life. " Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.
Martin Luther King Jr.|In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven..
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.(Popular misquote of "You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.")
Haruki Murakami|And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.
Martin Luther King Jr.|If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes|When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Agatha Christie|I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
Theodore Roosevelt|It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.
Mark Twain|I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.
Taylor Swift|When I was a little girl I used to read fairy tales. In fairy tales you meet Prince Charming and he's everything you ever wanted. In fairy tales the bad guy is very easy to spot. The bad guy is always wearing a black cape so you always know who he is. Then you grow up and you realize that Prince Charming is not as easy to find as you thought. You realize the bad guy is not wearing a black cape and he's not easy to spot; he's really funny, and he makes you laugh, and he has perfect hair.
Leonardo da Vinci|A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.
Rabindranath Tagore, Stray Birds|Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Cornelia Funke, Inkspell|Stories never really end...even if the books like to pretend they do. Stories always go on. They don't end on the last page, any more than they begin on the first page.
John F. Kennedy|The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity.
Jim Morrison|The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You trade in your sense for an act. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask. There can't be any large-scale revolution until there's a personal revolution, on an individual level. It's got to happen inside first.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
Louis L'Amour|Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.
Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!|You're off to Great Places!Today is your day!Your mountain is waiting,So... get on your way!
Bukkyo Dendo Kyokai, The Teaching of Buddha|The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
Alfred Tennyson|HopeSmiles from the threshold of the year to come, Whispering 'it will be happier'...
William Blake, Auguries of Innocence|To see a World in a Grain of Sand And a Heaven in a Wild Flower, Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand And Eternity in an hour.
J.K. Rowling|Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me.
Leonardo da Vinci|Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.
Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!|So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|The thing about growing up with Fred and George," said Ginny thoughtfully, "is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
George Bernard Shaw, Back to Methuselah|You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.
Jalaluddin Rumi|If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?
Jalaluddin Rumi|You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?
Oriah Mountain Dreamer|It doesn't interest me what you do for a living. I want to know what you ache for, and if you dare to dream of meeting your heart's longing.It doesn't interest me how old you are. I want to know if you will risk looking like a fool for love, for your dream, for the adventure of being alive. It doesn't interest me what planets are squaring your moon. I want to know if you have touched the center of your own sorrow, if you have been opened by life's betrayals or have become shriveled and closed from fear of further pain!I want to know if you can sit with pain, mine or your own, without moving to hide it or fade it, or fix it. I want to know if you can be with joy, mine or your own, if you can dance with wildness and let the ecstasy fill you to the tips of your fingers and toes without cautioning us to be careful, to be realistic, to remember the limitations of being human. It doesn't interest me if the story you are telling me is true. I want to know if you can disappoint another to be true to yourself; if you can bear the accusation of betrayal and not betray your own soul; if you can be faithlessand therefore trustworthy. I want to know if you can see beauty even when it's not pretty, every day,and if you can source your own life from its presence. I want to know if you can live with failure, yours and mine, and still stand on the edge of the lake and shout to the silver of the full moon, “Yes!”It doesn't interest me to know where you live or how much money you have. I want to know if you can get up, after the night of grief and despair, weary and bruised to the bone, and do what needs to be done to feed the children. It doesn't interest me who you know or how you came to be here. I want to know if you will stand in the center of the fire with me and not shrink back. It doesn't interest me where or what or with whom you have studied. I want to know what sustains you, from the inside, when all else falls away. I want to know if you can be alone with yourself and if you truly like the company you keep in the empty moments.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumbledore knew - and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents - that there was all the difference in the world.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.
Voltaire|‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|The unreal is more powerful than the real. Because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it. Because its only intangible ideas, concepts, beliefs, fantasies that last. Stone crumbles. Wood rots. People, well, they die. But things as fragile as a thought, a dream, a legend, they can go on and on. If you can change the way people think. The way they see themselves. The way they see the world. You can change the way people live their lives. That's the only lasting thing you can create.
John A. Shedd|A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
Will Rogers|Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
Sarah Dessen, Keeping the Moon|You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
Edward J. Stieglitz|The important thing to you is not how many years in your life, but how much life in your years!
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.
Kazuo Ishiguro|There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally he doesn't know it.
P.C. Cast, Betrayed|Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good.
Margaret Walker|When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.
Dalai Lama XIV|If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|She seems so cool, so focused, so quiet, yet her eyes remain fixed upon the horizon. You think you know all there is to know about her immediately upon meeting her, but everything you think you know is wrong. Passion flows through her like a river of blood. She only looked away for a moment, and the mask slipped, and you fell. All your tomorrows start here.
C. JoyBell C.|The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.
Sarah Dessen|Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.
Zig Ziglar|Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.
George Eliot|What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Barack Obama|Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
John Muir|When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Essays of Robert Louis Stevenson|I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.
Mark Twain|It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Abraham Lincoln|My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed. It is all part of the fairy tale.
Kurt Cobain|I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Every book, every volume you see here, has a soul. The soul of the person who wrote it and of those who read it and lived and dreamed with it. Every time a book changes hands, every time someone runs his eyes down its pages, its spirit grows and strengthens.
Louis L'Amour, Matagorda/The First Fast Draw|Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you.
C. JoyBell C.|Life is too short to waste any amount of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the first place, if they had better things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|So many people walk around with a meaningless life. They seem half-asleep, even when they're busy doing things they think are important. This is because they're chasing the wrong things. The way you get meaning into your life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning.
Anne Frank|Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Anaïs Nin|I must be a mermaid, Rango. I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Atticus, he was real nice.""Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them.
George Washington Burnap, The Sphere and Duties of Woman: A Course of Lectures|The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow,Creeps in this petty pace from day to day,To the last syllable of recorded time;And all our yesterdays have lighted foolsThe way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle!Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player,That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,And then is heard no more. It is a taleTold by an idiot, full of sound and fury,Signifying nothing.
Leo Tolstoy|Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them.
