Nelou Keramati, Resonance|Elli-" Neve lies down next to him. "It is not easy being friend with someone who has depression. Not because it's a burden, but because you love them. So their pain becomes your own." She rests her hand on his chest. "You really expect me to just sit by and do nothing ?
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|And whatever troubled him and showed in his face might have been the same old trouble - the problem of occupying space in the world and having a name people could call you by, being somebody they thought they could know
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|Well, you’re not exactly social, are you, Mandy Valems?”“Oh yeah, sure, because I’m just surrounded by genius to be social with in this day and age,” Mandy replied with razor-sharp sarcasm. “Hey, I don’t need anyone else! I’ve got you, you’re my friend, and you’ll be with me forever!”“…You won’t be with me forever, though…” said Alecto cynically. “I’m like a spider’s web; anyone who is friends with me gets dragged into my troubles and eventually dies.”“…Poetic, dear friend,” Mandy sighed, shaking her head. “Morbid, but poetic.
Emma Cline, The Girls|It pained me to imagine how our twosome appeared to others, marked as those kind of girls who belonged to each other. Those sexless fixtures of high school.
Carol Vorvain, A fool in Istanbul - Adventures of a self denying workaholic|They say distance makes old friendships fade away. They say with time and distance lovers forget one another. I find it quite the opposite. Distance, time, they all enhance the aroma of every moment two close souls once spent together, they magnify every little shared pleasure.
Amelia Hutchins, Playing with Monsters|AMELIA: Thank you for sticking it out with me no matter how crazy I get, because that’s what friends do. We’ve been through a lot together, so here’s to more shenanigans, and characters bickering!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Love never lives on a one-way street, for it will always come back up the road bigger than how we had sent it down the road.
Karen A. Baquiran|In one's awakening, the truest gift of consciousness and openness is recognizing SPIRIT in someone else. It is the mutual recognition and true connection between spirits that the SOUL MATE is born.
Amanda Laneley, What I Love About Dublin|Good Lord, just look at that six pack!” She sighed. “I think you could grate cheese there.”“Fran, if you were with Daniel Craig with no shirt, I think the last thing you would think about would be grating cheese.
Leigh Bardugo|Inej placed her hands on Nina’s shoulders. “We’ll see each other again.”“Of course we will. You’ve saved my life. I’ve saved yours.”“I think you’re ahead on that count.”“No, I don’t mean in the big ways.” Nina’s eyes took them all in. “I mean the little rescues. Laughing at my jokes. Forgiving me when I was foolish. Never trying to make me feel small. It doesn’t matter if it’s next month, or next year, or ten years from now, those will be the things I remember when I see you again.”Kaz offered his gloved hand to Nina. “Until then, Zenik.”“Count on it, Brekker.” They shook.
Melanie  Crowder, A Nearer Moon|The smile on his face said, pure and simple, those honey cakes came with a price. And his price was answers.
Marco Tulliio Cicerone|If a man should ascend alone into heaven and behold clearly the structure of the universe and the beauty of the stars, there would be no pleasure for him in the awe-inspiring sight, which would have filled him with delight if he had had someone to whom he could describe what he had seen. Nature abhors solitude.
E.L. Konigsburg, Silent to the Bone|Friendship depends on interlocking time, place, and state of mind.
Bertrand Russell, Portraits From Memory and Other Essays|In the outworks of our lives, we were almost strangers, but we shared a certain outlook on human life and human destiny, which, from the very first, made a bond of extreme strength . . . . At our very first meeting, we talked with continually increasing intimacy. We seemed to sink through layer after layer of what was superficial, till gradually both reached the central fire. It was an experience unlike any other that I have known. We looked into each other's eyes, half appalled and half intoxicated to find ourselves together in such a region. The emotion was as intense as passionate love, and at the same time all-embracing. I came away bewildered, and hardly able to find my way among ordinary affairs.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Wiping the tears off another’s eyes is one of the sweetest and coolest gestures ever. It says, “I am here if you need to talk or a shoulder to lean on. I may not understand your pains but I would do anything to keep the tears from falling”.
Maria Semple, Today Will Be Different|As far as I’m concerned, the only thing sweeter than seeing a friend is that friend canceling on me.
Susan Sontag|I have loved people passionately whom I wouldn't have slept with for anything, but I think that's something else. That's friendship -- love, which can be a tremendously passionate emotion, and it can be tender and involve a desire to hug or whatever. But it certainly doesn't mean you want to take off your clothes with that person. But certain friendships can be erotic. Oh, I think friendship is very erotic, but it isn't necessarily sexual. I think all my relationships are erotic: I can't imagine being fond of somebody I don't want to touch or hug, so therefore there's always an erotic aspect to some extent.
Meeran W. Malik|The world is vast, its huge and you never know where your perfect or even comforting mate lies in this ocean of emotions and mixed world, hence one needs to explore and explore in the wild, giving it all to their fate, who knows whom we come cross, maybe 7 seven seas across who clicks us perfectly, even more perfectly than the person sitting next to you.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|Everyone is overcoming something, be gentle.
Lily Amis, Angel of Hope & Lily: Featuring Monsieur Jac Couture|Love is the most precious gift in life. Be grateful for all the love and support you get from your parents, your family and friends. Because nothing is as precious as receiving true and devoted love" - Monsieur Jac Couture
François Du Toit, The Mirror Bible|Peace is a place of unhindered enjoyment of friendship beyond guilt, suspicion, blame of inferiority
Tony C. Skye|Living in the past is always a bad idea; yet, on some level I believe the ones we love, even though not part of our present, are the very definition of who we are, the driving force of what we aspire to be, and at the end of the day, the past we must look to in order to improve who we will become. After all, we do not learn from what has not happened, but what has been, and what we will choose to keep or leave behind. Friendship, true friendship is never blind, but it holds the value of forgiveness - separating what we may or may have not done within the realm of mistakes....seeking the outcome of making us into better people.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|Their hands slapped library door handles together, their chests broke track tapes together, their tennis shoes beat parallel pony tracks over lawns, trimmed bushes, squirreled trees, no one losing, both winning, thus saving their friendship for other times of loss.
Tanmaya Guru|Children and rain, both are intimate friends.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|I have learned that friendship without faith is useless. Friendship entails faith in oneself that you’ll remain loyal to this bond, and faith in your friends that you will be there for them at all times. The most important of all is the biggest faith in God and in making Him the center of all our relationships.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|Images barraged him. Connections darted electric. Veins. Roots. Forked lightning. Tributaries. Branches. Vines snaked around trees, herds of animals, drops of water running tog
T.J. Klune, The Lightning-Struck Heart|Morgan said, “And what have you brought me?”“Something unexpected,” Sam said pr
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Better associations. If you associate yourself with a change maker,Your life will by all means become better.You will wink at challenges and begin to think.In times of frustrations, you will not sink.If you miss the way to a great destination,Just look for those going to that direction.Mount the shoulders of a giant believerAnd you will become a great achiever.People around you determine your speed.They will influence the growth of your seed.People you are around will decide your strengthAnd also the figure of your success’ lengthI trust you want to become a better you.It matters, what your associates plan to do.It depends, where your companions want to go.It relies on what your friends believe and know.Quit friendships that build you nothingChoose friends who bring out of you somethingOne iron sharpens another ironGo along with great people and ride on.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|Society doesn't officially recognize friendship as an institution in the way it recognizes sexual relationships, so there's no real protocol for ending one. If you've been going out, dating, or just sleeping with someone for even a month or two an you want to stop seeing him, you're expected to have a conversation with him letting him know it and giving him some bogus explanation. This conversation is seldom pleasant, and it ranges in tone from brittle adult adult discussions in coffee shops to armed standoffs in day care centers, but once it's over, you at least know your status.Because there's no formal etiquette for ending a friendship, most people do it in the laziest, most passive and painless way possible, by unilaterally dropping any effort to sustain it and letting the other person figure it out for themselves.
R.A. Salvatore, Exile|In my stubborn youth, I believed that I could stand alone, that I was strong enough to conquer my enemies with sword and with principles. Arrogance convinced me that by sheer determination, I could conquer helplessness itself. Stubborn and foolish youth, Imust admit, for when I look back on those years now, I see quite clearly that rarely did I stand alone and rarely did I have to stand alone. Always there were friends, true and dear, lending me support even when I believed I did not want it, and even when I didnot realize they were doing it.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|When you're a child, your best friend in the world is the kid who lives next door. It doesn't occur to you then that this is a matter of arbitrary circumstance. When you grow up you like to imagine that your friendships have a more substantial basis - common interests, like-mindedness, some genuine affinity. It's always a sad revelation that when a good friend acquires a girlfriend or a husband and disappears. You realize that,for them, your friendships was always only a matter of convenience, a fallback, and they simply don't need you anymore. There's nothing especially cynical about this; people are drawn to each other because they're giving each other something they both need, and they drift apart when they aren't getting it or don't need it anymore. Friendship have natural life spans, like love affairs or favorite songs.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Love Warrior|In all my close friendships, words are the bricks I use to build bridges. To know someone I need to hear her, and to feel known, I need to be heard by her. The process of knowing and loving another person happens for me through conversation. I reveal something to help my friend understand me, she responds in a way that assures me she values my revelation, and then she adds something to help me understand her. This back-and-forth is repeated again and again as we go deeper into each other's hearts, minds, pasts, and dreams. Eventually, a friendship is built - a solid, sheltering structure that exists in the space between us - a space outside of ourselves that we can climb deep into. There is her, there is me, and then there is our friendship - this bridge we've built together.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Love Warrior|We think our job as humans is to avoid pain, our job as parents is to protect our children from pain, and our job as friends is to fix each other's pain. Maybe that's why we all feel like failures so often - because we all have the wrong job description for love.
Itohan Eghide, Master of Maxims|There is no need searching for love, it cannot be found-it happens!
Patrick Ness, The Rest of Us Just Live Here|It's love. But it's a different kind,""Doesn't make it any less love, though.
C.J. Milbrandt, Into the Hills: A Zane Johns Adventure|Don’t worry, Miss Brielle. To be honest, the ones with a little bit of crazy have always been my favorite.
C.J. Milbrandt, Into the Hills: A Zane Johns Adventure|Face it, friends. For this journey, roads are optional.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|Don’t fall in love, it is dangerous, fall for friendship and you will find everything” Ashwin
Chief Oduduwa|I can cast a spell on your behalf regarding a relationship, your financial situation, future events, or whatever is important to you. I have the power and I use the power. I can change the course of your destiny. Contact me and I shall cast a spell for you. Tell me what it is you want and I shall go about my work. Is it someone or something you desire to have? Do you want wealth, or happiness, or a mate E.T.C.Chief OduduwaEmail: cheifoduduwa@gmail.com
Alexandre Dumas, The Man in the Iron Mask|Joyful friends, mostly loyal, they hadn't abandoned their protector before the gathering storm; and despite the threatening sky, despite the shuddering earth, they remained, smiling, considerate, and as devoted to misfortune as they had been to prosperity.
Kate McGahan|True friendship has no checks or balances. Once someone starts Keeping Score, the game is over.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|When someone hugs you, let them be the first to let go.
Melanie Cusick-Jones, Faris and Jack|For the first time in his life Faris felt happy and for only the second time in his life he felt he’d found a friend, and that was worth being crazy for.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|What is evil neither can nor should be loved; for it is not one’s duty to be a lover of evil or to become like what is bad; and we have said that like is dear to like. Must the friendship, then, be forthwith broken off? Or is this not so in all cases, but only when one’s friends are incurable in their wickedness? If they are capable of being reformed one should rather come to the assistance of their character or their property, inasmuch as this is better and more characteristic of friendship. But a man who breaks off such a friendship would seem to be doing nothing strange; for it was not to a man of this sort that he was a friend; when his friend changed, therefore, and he is unable to save him, he gives him up.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|… it is that such of us as have loved deeply have learnt many secrets that are unknown to others; for thousands and thousands of things quiver in silence on the lips of true friendship and love, that are not to be found in the silence of other lips, to which friendship and love are unknown. …
Lindsey Kelk, A Girl's Best Friend|As soon as I laid eyes on him, it all came flooding back, all the reasons why I loved him, all the reasons why I hadn't been able to let him go.
Grady Hendrix, My Best Friend's Exorcism|For Abby, "friend" is a word whose sharp corners have been worn smooth by overuse. "I'm friends with the guys in IT," she might say, or "I'm meeting some friends after work."But she remembers when the word "friend" could draw blood. She and Gretchen spent hours ranking their friendships, trying to determine who was a best friend and who was an everyday friend, debating whether anyone could have two best friends at the same time, writing each other's names over and over in purple ink, buzzed on the dopamine high of belonging to someone else, having a total stranger choose you, someone who wanted to know you, another person who cared that you were alive.
Lindsey Kelk, A Girl's Best Friend|New York is a glorious place for clearing your head and finding inspiration. Every time you step outside, you live a dozen lives.
Lauren F. Winner, Still: Notes on a Mid-Faith Crisis|Phyllis and I pray these chaplets together; at three o'clock, every first Saturday. We are never in the same town. For months, we do not speak on the phone or email. We pray these chaplets for just a few minutes, maybe as many as sixty minutes, once a month on a Saturday afternoon. Intimacy with the elusive God is that kind of intimacy. It is the closeness of praying together, apart.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|One person on their own may be able to save the world. But a team of friends, all working together, have a much greater chance of succeeding…providing that no-one succumbs to evil.’ Adele Rose, Awakening.
Emma Cline|I'd always liked her in a way I never had to think about, like the fact of my own hands.
Lexi Blake, Ruthless|Trust me, change can happen in much less time given the right circumstances. Hell, sometimes the people we're closest to change and there's nothing we can do to bring them back.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|[Friendship] It was two people who remained together, day after day, bound not by sex or physical attraction or money or children or property, but only by the shared agreement to keep going, the mutual dedication to a union that could never be codified. Friendship was witnessing another's slow drip of miseries, and long bouts of boredom, and occasional triumphs. It was feeling honored by the privilege of getting to be present for another person's most dismal moments, and knowing that you could be dismal around him in return.
Debasish Mridha|Often we find a friend, not by accident, by unknown inner attraction and synchronicity.
Lindsey Kelk, A Girl's Best Friend|Hawaii was paradise, Milan was beautiful but New York was electric.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|There had been periods in his twenties when he would look at his friends and feel such a pure, deep contentment that he would wish the world around them would simply cease, that none of them would have to move from that moment, when everything was in equilibrium and his affection for them was perfect. But, of course, that was never to be: a beat later, and everything shifted, and the moment quietly vanished.
Kristen Henderson|Once, I took the penny whistle you gave me and discovered a spotby the roaring falls where I could play as loud as I wanted. I lay in the bifurcated trunkof a low-slung birch tree. The sun peeked through applauding leaves, high overhead.
Kristen Henderson, Of My Maiden Smoking|And no matter what closet we were thrown in, up what river we were sold for an embarrassment, or worse, traded for a bottle of gin--we’d carry on in playful stitches, friends‘til the end…which came sooner than wished.
Deyth Banger|Hey, GreenHollyWood the mistake was mine that I added you as a friend... I thought that you are my friend... but your irony doesn't end.
Lindsey Kelk, A Girl's Best Friend|Al: Now, remind me, who's walking who down the aisle again?
Patience Johnson|Can two walk together, unless they are agreed?’Amos 3:3‘Does This Person Belong in your Life?’A toxic relationship is like a limb with gangrene: unless you amputate it the infection can spread and kill you. Without the courage to cut off what refuses to heal, you’ll end up losing a lot more. Your personal growth - and in some cases your healing - will only be expedited by establishing relationships with the right people. Maybe you’ve heard the story about the scorpion who asked the frog to carry him across the river because he couldn’t swim. ‘I’m afraid you’ll sting me,’ replied the frog. The scorpion smiled reassuringly and said, ‘Of course I won’t. If I did that we’d both drown!’ So the frog agreed, and the scorpion hopped on his back. Wouldn’t you know it: halfway across the river the scorpion stung him! As they began to sink the frog lamented, ‘You promised you wouldn’t sting me. Why’d you do it?’ The scorpion replied, ‘I can’t help it. It’s my nature!’ Until God changes the other person’s nature, they have the power to affect and infect you. For example, when you feel passionately about something but others don’t, it’s like trying to dance a foxtrot with someone who only knows how to waltz. You picked the wrong dance partner! Don’t get tied up with someone who doesn’t share your values and God-given goals. Some issues can be corrected through counselling, prayer, teaching, and leadership. But you can’t teach someone to care; if they don’t care they’ll pollute your environment, kill your productivity, and break your rhythm with constant complaints. That’s why it’s important to pray and ask God, ‘Does this person belong in my life?
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|Lately, he had been wondering if codependence was such a bad thing. He took pleasure in his friendships, and it didn’t hurt anyone, so who cared if it was codependent or not? And anyway, how was a friendship any more codependent than a relationship? Why was it admirable when you were twenty-seven but creepy when you were thirty-seven? Why wasn’t friendship as good as a relationship? Why wasn’t it even better? It was two people who remained together, day after day, bound not by sex or physical attraction or money or children or property, but only by the shared agreement to keep going, the mutual dedication to a union that could never be codified. Friendship was witnessing another’s slow drip of miseries, and long bouts of boredom, and occasional triumphs. It was feeling honoured by the privilege of getting to be present for another person’s most dismal moments, and knowing that you could be dismal around him in return.
Alexander Nehamas, On Friendship|Just as we can’t fully explain what is beautiful, so we can’t fully explain why we are friends with someone in a way that will make the grounds of our attraction obvious to another — and even to ourselves. Our efforts always leave something out. And it is what is always left out that we try to gesture toward when we say that it is not something ABOUT our friends that we love but our friends THEMSELVES. But the self that we love is always just one one step behind whatever we can actually articulate. And so we are faced with a choice between saying something that seems informative but is never enough of an explanation ('loyal, practical, unworldly and so on') and saying something else that seems like an explanation but is completely uninformative ('the individual, in the uniqueness and integrity of his or her individuality').
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|I use your love as a man burns a candle, burns it away, to light his steps.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Your body can be in captivity, your life can be in captivity, but there is only one thing you should not allow to be in captivity; that is your soul.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Where you are running to is not the answer, who is with you is the power.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Do you want to grow spiritually? Build better relationships? Succeed in your career? Conquer anxiety and find peace? Break a bad habit? Be healed from the emotional wounds of your past? Then meditate on, ponder, think about, practise mentally, and verbalise the Word of God. Instead of living off someone else’s spiritual insight, study God’s Word for yourself and allow the Holy Spirit to bless you with life-transforming insights. Jesus said, ‘The Spirit takes my message and tells it to you’ (John 16:15). And you’ll experience the truth of those words when you personalise the Scripture you’re reading.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Romans 12:2What is the difference between a person born with a silver spoon that later eat with the pig and someone born among the pigs without a silver spoon in his mouth and later eat with a golden spoon? One must have changed his mind. If you can renew your mind, you can change your destiny.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Your Skin is not a deprivation, your life is not a defeat, the fact that you call yourself black does not mean that your eyes, soul and brain are black try to whiten yourself. If they blackmail you, whitemail yourself.Don't allow people's opinion to pin you down. Build yourself above the standard of slavery.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The Greek word for ‘self-control’ comes from a root word meaning ‘to grip’. It calls for getting a grip on your spending so that you don’t go into debt for things you don’t need and can’t pay for. It calls for getting a grip on your temper and not saying things you’ll later regret: ‘Better … a man who controls his temper than one who takes a city’ (Proverbs 16:32 NIV 1984 Edition). It calls for getting a grip on your desires. If Joseph had failed to say no to the repeated advances of his boss’ wife, he’d never have seen his life’s dream fulfilled and sat on the throne of Egypt. Understand this: Satan has discerned your destiny and he’s out to stop you from reaching it. So pray for self-control, and practise it on a daily basis.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|There’s an interesting story about Abraham Lincoln. During the American Civil War he signed an order transferring certain regiments, but Secretary of War Edwin Stanton refused to execute it, calling the president a fool. When Lincoln heard he replied, ‘If Stanton said I’m a fool then I must be, for he’s nearly always right, and he says what he thinks. I’ll step over and see for myself.’ He did, and when Stanton convinced him the order was in error, Lincoln quietly withdrew it. Part of Lincoln’s greatness lay in his ability to rise above pettiness, ego, and sensitivity to other people’s opinions. He wasn’t easily offended. He welcomed criticism, and in doing so demonstrated one of the strengths of a truly great person: humility. So, have you been criticised? Make it a time to learn, not lose.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When you are busy doing something for God, God will also be busy doing something for you.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Do not let sin reign in your mortal body so that you obey its evil desires.’Romans 6:12Self-control is one of the great keys to success in life. And since God’s Word has a lot to say about it, if you ask Him He will help you to cultivate it. What you struggled with when you were young will be different from the things you struggle with when you’re older, but you’ll face temptation in one form or another as long as you live. Self-control is one of the nine fruits of the Spirit listed in the Bible (see Galatians 5:22-23). It calls for bringing every aspect of your life under the mastery of the Holy Spirit. It’s a lifestyle characterised by discipline, not impulse.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|How do we know those who are on the Lord's side?My answer: when things happened adversarily, those who stand by God becomes Testifiers.I testify that the Lord is good, I don't know about you.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Only in christanity that people that fall remain on the ground. When boxers are knocked down they refuse to remain on the ground or to accept a knock out. Even when they are bleeding with swollen faces, they still get up to fight but in Christianity even a push, not even a blow, Boxers gets up, wrestlers jumps up, Christians lie down.Do you know why? They do not fight a good fight, they expect to lose before they enter the ring. Every good fighter is an enduring person, they do excercise and training, they learn the act of endurance. You can't be a good Christian without an amour which is the word of God.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|We never look at people with the eye of God instead we look at them from their past, what they did wrong.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If God permit you to fall, He will definitely stand by you to rise.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|What happens to you when you are not enough for yourself? The day that you will know that the second name of this world is trouble? The day that you will understand that salvation does not eliminate trials? The fact that you are baptised by the holy ghost does not send the devil to hell fire?Jesus didn't say kill the devil, He said cast him out. You may cast Him out from Germany, he may land in the United Kingdom. ..he is still there.Just bear in mind that heaven and earth may pass away but God and His words still remain the same.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|How do you feel when you want to stand and you see yourself on the floor?Sometimes what God will ask you to do will knock you down.What do you do when God says rise and He pushes you down?How do you feel when very many will become I alone? How do you feel when all the people you told your secrets sale you out?How do you feel when your confidant becomes your betrayal?How do you feel when the person you thought will push you forward told you, I know you will fail?Do you still remember that the bible says that not even a hair will pull of you without being noticed by God? Have you not heard that the steps of a righteous man are ordered by God?How do you handle disappointments?In every situation you find yourself, give God the glory.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|You may wonder how I managed to make these friends. Well, I will tell you. Making friends is actually not that hard when you drop every single one of your standards.
Douglas Malloch|Thorns may hurt you, men desert you, sunlight turn to fog;but you're never friendless ever, if you have a dog.
-sarvesh|Dont waste time to hate fake people, they dont deserve to be a part of your memory...chill n get boozed in the joy of having good 1s "Happy Friendship Day"..
Abigail Haas, Dangerous Girls|After so many years drifting, not connected to anything, I'm finally tethered. Safe and loved, in the middle.We start senior year like kings, like nothing can ever tear us apart.We're wrong.
Joanna Cannon, The Trouble with Goats and Sheep|And I decided it really was true after all. You only really need two people to believe in the same thing, to feel as though you just might belong.
J.K Rowling, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child|If I had to choose a companion to be at the return of eternal darkness with, I'd choose you.'No offence, but I'd choose someone massive and really good at magic.
Ross  Turner, Marcii|A friendship like theirs was hard to come by, and when such a thing is found, it is often even harder to hold on to.But, as so few come to learn, absence does indeed make the heart grow fonder.
Sarah Todd Hammer, Determination|With determination, it is possible to block out the negative things and enjoy the positive ones, despite the cons. Most importantly, it is possible to dance through everything pernicious.
Deepak Ranjan, Nights of the Velvet: A Conditional Dream|You were the best part of my life; I do not regret making friends with you…I will wait for you till the end of my life…This time I won’t force you to come near me, take yourown time.If you feel you can return me my best friend, just typeme a small – Hi… or GM or GN… I won’t force you totype the complete words, as I don’t want to waste your timefor me…I Love You (As a best friend).Missing you very badly…Waiting for my Sid…
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Herman Melville came to see me at the Consulate, looking much as he used to do (a little paler, and perhaps a little sadder), in a rough outside coat, and with his characteristic gravity and reserve of manner.... [W]e soon found ourselves on pretty much our former terms of sociability and confidence. Melville has not been well, of late; ... and no doubt has suffered from too constant literary occupation, pursued without much success, latterly; and his writings, for a long while past, have indicated a morbid state of mind.... Melville, as he always does, began to reason of Providence and futurity, and of everything that lies beyond human ken, and informed me that he had "pretty much made up his mind to be annihilated"; but still he does not seem to rest in that anticipation; and, I think, will never rest until he gets hold of a definite belief. It is strange how he persists -- and has persisted ever since I knew him, and probably long before -- in wondering to-and-fro over these deserts, as dismal and monotonous as the sand hills amid which we were sitting. He can neither believe, nor be comfortable in his unbelief; and he is too honest and courageous not to try to do one or the other. If he were a religious man, he would be one of the most truly religious and reverential; he has a very high and noble nature, and better worth immortality than most of us.[after what would be their last meeting]
joseph fink, jeffrey cranor|Jackie.''Mm.''Thank you for keeping me company in my nightmare.'Jackie grinned at her,'Nah, it's our nightmare now.
Jalina Mhyana, The Wishing Bones|I can’t pray or weigh my words right; doomsday is here my friend, but you’re immune. We sufferfor you. I’m weaving crowns of sonnets, dreads;a souvenir so you’ll never forget your friends.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|I'll put it on my table where I keep my drawings," Hassan said.His saying that made me kind of sad. Sad for who Hassan was, where he lived. For how he'd accepted the fact that he'd grow old in that mud shack in the yard, the way his father had.
Sarah Todd Hammer, Determination|The stares were annoying, but I knew they didn’t mean any harm. So, every morning, smiling at them became part of my routine, too.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|There is now a distance,pressing quite persistent,May be only inches apart,but as if an artery is blocked.There now seem some secrets,a word which was earlier so needless.May be they now laugh so less,and even in summers,the air between them feels dense.Who connects? Who neglects?Barely matters when you are no more friends.
Danielle Barone|A spiritual connection with someone lasts forever, even when physical presence fades.
Now and Then|We all used to try so hard to fit in. We wanted to look exactly alike, do all the same things, practically be the same person, but when we weren't looking that all changed....what the summer actually brought was independence from each other.
Sachin Panwar|It is easy to make friends.But, it is tough to honor that friendship with'em.If you find those people,hold on to them.If you don't,move on.
Ted Rubin|I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me so much of themselves, helped me find so much of me, and always been there to support when I needed it most. #BandOfBrothers.
Ted Rubin|Look at your own behaviors and ask yourself, “Would I want to be my friend???
Ted Rubin|It's about "Moments," not Milestones.
tothemoonmydear, Fading|He doesn’t understand why Harry is doing this to him, why Harry is trying to pull him apart. He doesn’t understand how Harry has seen past his carefully crafted display. Louis has got smoke and mirrors down to a science, he knows how to deflect and he knows how to act and he’s managed to keep people at arms length so nobody would ever question how the magic works. He’s got his relationship with Zayn and Liam down to an art, how to give enough so that he doesn’t have to lie to them, but able to keep them from knowing how close he is to the edge. Yet here is Harry, ready to unravel everything Louis has sewn together.
Francis Bacon, The Essays|Where a man cannot fitly play his own part; if he have not a friend, he may quit the stage.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|I envy the tireless intimacy of women’s friendship, its lastingness, and its unbendable strength.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|Another thing about Oscar is that he wasn’t afraid of anyone. And he always made up his own mind, no matter what other people said. They’re two of the best things I remember about him now.He wasn’t just my friend. He was kind of magic. I can’t really explain it better than that. He was honest and he was decent and he was always cheerful. And evem though his brother Stevie had to use a wheelchair, it wasn’t a problem the way people usually think it is, because Oscar always made sure that every door was opened and every stairway had a ramp, and every train station had the right access so he could get it. He used to say that if the world was designed properly, the whole population would be flying around the place in wheelchairs. And when he said that, Stevie used to laugh.
Candace Bushnell, Killing Monica|Something good happens to you, and you let off a different energy that attracts other good things.
Candace Bushnell, Killing Monica|People are always telling women to lose weight, and then when they do, other women attack them for it.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|Oscar had a straightforward, dimpled, happy smile. It was one of the hundreds of great things about him.And after that we were best friends. It had been as simple and inevitable as the striking of a match.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|What am I going to do without you, Oscar?’‘You’ll be fine’, I answered. ‘You could probably do some time away from me. I’m a pain in the neck. You’re always saying so.’‘You’re right,’ she said. ‘It’ll be great to have you out of my hair for a few months.’‘Oscar, seriously though.’‘What?’‘Stay in touch, will you? Please?’‘Of course I will.’‘Promise?’‘Yes, I promise.’‘Good, because I’m really going to miss you.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Sometimes, all it takes to save people from a terrible faith is one person willing to do something about it. Even if that "something" is a fake bathroom break.
Johnny Ramone|If a man can tell if he's been successful in his life by having great friends, then I have been very successful.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|It's by stooping that fingers create a fist, and by standing tall that they give us open palms.
Milan Kundera, Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts|Brod was a brilliant intellectual with exceptional energy; a generous man willing to do battle for others; his attachment to Kafka was warm and disinterested. The only problem was his artistic orientation: a man of ideas, he knew nothing of the passion for form; his novels (he wrote twenty of them) are sadly conventional; and above all: he understood nothing at all about modern art.Why, despite all this, was Kafka so fond of him? What about you-do you stop being fond of your best friend because he has a compulsion to write bad verse?
Milan Kundera, Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts|Damn! What did Ansermet, that most faithful friend, know about Stravinsky's poverty of heart? What did he, that most devoted friend, know about Stravinsky's capacity to love? And where did he get his utter certainty that the heart is ethically superior to the brain? Are not vile acts committed as often with the heart's help as without it? Can't fanatics, with their bloody hands, boast of a high degree of "affective activity"? Will we ever be done with this imbecile sentimental Inquisition, the heart's Reign of Terror?
Candace Bushnell, One Fifth Avenue|If everyone in New York took sides over these petty, insignificant arguments, no one would have any friends at all.
Art Spiegelman, Maus I: A Survivor's Tale: My Father Bleeds History|Friends? Your friends? If you lock them together in a room with no food for a week…Then you could see what it is, friends! …
Rick Riordan, The Sword of Summer|I just came from Bunker Hill,’ I told Sam. ‘Hel offered me a reunion with my mother.’I managed to tell her the story.Samirah reached out as if to touch my arm, then apparently changed her mind. ‘I’m so sorry, Magnus. But Hel lies. You can’t trust her. She’s just like my father, only colder. You made the right choice.’‘Yeah … still. You ever do the right thing, and you know it’s the right thing, but it leaves you feeling horrible?’‘You’ve just described most days of my life.’ Sam pulled up her hood. ‘When I became a Valkyrie … I’m still not sure why I fought that frost giant. The kids at Malcolm X were terrible to me. The usual garbage: they asked me if I was a terrorist. They yanked off my hijab. They slipped disgusting notes and pictures into my locker. When that giant attacked … I could’ve pretended to be just another mortal and got myself to safety. But I didn’t even think about running away. Why did I risk my life for those kids?’I smiled.‘What?’ she demanded.‘Somebody once told me that a hero’s bravery has to be unplanned – a genuine response to a crisis. It has to come from the heart, without any thought of reward.’Sam huffed. ‘That somebody sounds pretty smug.’‘Maybe you didn’t need to come here,’ I decided. ‘Maybe I did. To understand why we’re a good team.
Robert Harris, Dictator|And then to my surprise in one of them I discovered the original manuscript of On Friendship. Puzzled, I unrolled it, thinking I must have brought it with me by mistake. But when I saw that Cicero had copied out at the top of the roll in his shaking hand a quotation from the text, on the importance of having friends, I realised it was a parting gift: If a man ascended into heaven and gazed upon the whole workings of the universe and the beauty of the stars, the marvellous sight would give him no joy if he had to keep it to himself. And yet, if only there had been someone to describe the spectacle to, it would have filled him with delight. Nature abhors solitude.
Brandon Sanderson, White Sand Volume 1|Grains of sand will only flow with the winds, Kenton, never against them.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Your judgments about another person say more about your own character than the character of the person you are pointing a finger at.This is the key and one of the most fundamental insights about the ‘red flags’ that we often dismiss regarding the people in our lives. If someone complains a lot to you about other people, guess what? That is part of their current character. And, as quickly as the tide changes, you can just as easily become the person they target and criticize, point fingers at, and negatively judge. Forever and always, until vibrations are raised, this will be the cycle of the relationship. So, it’s your choice to continue to engage in the cycle with them, or to move on.There are plenty of people who do not criticize, point fingers, or judge. THIS is the kind of character we want to foster within ourselves. THIS is the character of the kind of people we DO want to develop close relationships with.
S. E. Lynes|Unhappy people can be very dangerous, don't forget that.
Andy Flynn|What you mean to me is something out of the ordinary, cause even a whole of a dictionary won't be able to describe it!
Gwenda Bond, Double Down|We dropped our hands, both embarrassed by the sincerity of the moment. But I was learning, Sometimes you had to put it all out there, no matter how hard it felt to do so. When the people in your life were worth it, so was the risk.
Baltasar Gracián|Though such authority and respect shouldn't be handed to all and sundry, have in caution's innermost room a confidant, a faithful mirror, whose correction you value when disillusionment is necessary.
Mark Twain|I felt good and all washed clean of sin for the first time I had ever felt so in my life, and I knowed I could pray now. But I didn't do it straight off, but laid the paper down and set there thinking--thinking how good it was all this happened so, and how near I come to being lost and going to hell. And went on thinking. And got to thinking over our trip down the river; and I see Jim before me all the time: in the day and in the night-time, sometimes moonlight, sometimes storms, and we a-floating along, talking and singing and laughing. But somehow I couldn't seem to strike no places to harden me against him, but only the other kind. I'd see him standing my watch on top of his'n, 'stead of calling me, so I could go on sleeping; and see him how glad he was when I come back out of the fog; and when I come to him again in the swamp, up there where the feud was; and such-like times; and would always call me honey, and pet me and do everything he could think of for me, and how good he always was; and at last I struck the time I saved him by telling the men we had small-pox aboard, and he was so grateful, and said I was the best friend old Jim ever had in the world, and the ONLY one he's got now; and then I happened to look around and see that paper.It was a close place. I took it up, and held it in my hand. I was a-trembling, because I'd got to decide, forever, betwixt two things, and I knowed it. I studied a minute, sort of holding my breath, and then says to myself:"All right, then, I'll GO to hell"--and tore it up.
Emma Watson|I threw my 20th birthday party at Brown, and I didn’t even have to say to anyone not to put pictures on Facebook. Not a single picture went up. That was when I knew I’d found a solid group of friends, and I felt like I belonged.
Auliq-Ice|Endeavor to live a simple life, but filled with complex love.
Criss Jami|When you meet someone, and you find that they are prejudiced against your kind, it might be your chance, not to confirm, but to be the one to finally change their mind.
Ljupka Cvetanova|Most people are willing to promise you a lot. A few are those who can promise you a little, just as much as they can.
Akshay Vijayan|Don't search for people, the right persons will come to you at the right time
Khaled Hosseini|For you, a thousand times over!
Paresh Shah|Those who love you the most, let yo bend your notes
Paresh Shah|Those who love you the most, let you bend your notes
Nutan Bajracharya|Am I not fit to this world or people around of me not fit for me, arguable...without proper answer. Everyone had their logic, explanations, clarifications, examples but here also not solution. But the person himself/herself at least can figure out what's right and what's wrong. Then also there is no solution until he or she admitted that he or she is wrong. Admitting own mistake is hard to find because of so called pride. It's life you have to face everything here without solution, and the last thought is, all the problems solution will be after death only. It's the fact of the life.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|People come and go in this lifetime. Some merely pass us by. Some stay with us for a little while. Some leave as quickly as they come. However, when real friends come, they stay and never leave.
Lindsey Kelk, What a Girl Wants|Just when you thought you knew everything about someone, they had to go one better.
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|I know what love is and it is friendship, set afire.Love is easy. Love is chemistry—a science lab. Love is as simple as connecting this together with that. Her brilliant eyes and my heated heart.But this is not love.Not yet.Genuine love is friendship. Genuine love resides only in the present moment. Genuine love is everyday. Genuine love feels no need to entertain the space away. Genuine love is up, genuine love is down and yet genuine love never wavers.Love is something else entire: it is caring. It is arguing, but with curiosity—it is giving an inch when the other is certainly wrong—it is teasing, it is empathy, it is respect, it is admiration each morning.
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|The alchemy that is friendship mixed with attraction is important. The alchemy that is two hearts, two minds, two lives, two particular laughs in silly melody is important.And, it is yet unknown, as you are, to me.
Dennis Lehane, Shutter Island|She said once that time is nothing to me but a series of bookmarks that I use to jump back and forth through the text of my life, returning again and again to the events that mark me in the eyes of my more astute colleagues, as bearing all the characteristics of the classic melancholic.
Jodi Ann Bickley, One Million Lovely Letters: When Life is Looking Hopeless, One Inspirational Letter Can Change Your Life Forever|You cannot, ever, give up on a friend who is close to giving up on themselves
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|You are not my dream girl.You are this earth. You are not a fantasy: you are my love. And love is friendship lit by a wooden match with a white tip on its red tip. I am your match, and you are mine.
Danielle Steel, Friends Forever|It was the cruelest of destiny’s tricks, the death of a young person.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|After my friend's accident I take care of her. It is always taking care, but it is difficult, because at times to take care of her is also to cause her pain.
Lindsey Kelk, Always the Bridesmaid|Getting married means you've won, and I hate thinking like that, I do, but let's be honest, that's just how it is. Until you're married, you're a loser, NO MATTER HOW GREAT YOU ARE AT EVERYTHING ELSE. In our super progressive, equal right, modern society, it's the one thing no one wants to say but everyone is thinking, however messed-up it is.
Dennis Lehane, Shutter Island|One that society can't forgive, but I can.
Ken Niimura, Gotham Academy #16|Someone once said: "We do not make friends, we recognize them." And you'll know who they are because they play according to the same rules that you do.
Philip Reeve, Predator's Gold|What Caul liked most about Tom was his kindness. Kindness was not valued back in Grimsby, where the older boys were encouraged to torment the younger ones, who would grow up to torment another batch of youngsters in their turn. “Good practice for life,” Uncle said. “Hard knocks, that’s all the world’s about!” But maybe Uncle had never met anyone like Tom, who was kind to other people and seemed to expect nothing more than kindness in return.
Vironika Tugaleva|Before label yourself and before you decide that there is something irreparably wrong with your thoughts or emotions, ask yourself: “Do I have a caring, unconditionally loving best friend in myself?” If the answer is “No,” then you will not find the solution to your suffering until you address this serious, life-threatening absence of self-compassion. Self-love is not a dinner mint. Self-love matters. Self-love saves lives.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|An odour of camphor and burnt vinegar warned me when I came near the fever room: and i passed its door quickly, fearful lest the nurse who sat up all night should here me. I dreaded being discovered and sent back; for I must see Helen,- I must embrace her before she died,- I must give her one last kiss, exchange with her one last word.
Adam Nevill, The Ritual|It had not hurt his hands at all and the sudden release of energy, twinned with Dom's fall, gave him a sudden lunatic rush of euphoria.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|And although I appreciated their kindness more than they would ever know, it's a fact that friends last longer the less you use them.
Jacob Wren, Rich and Poor|Friendship is a strange idea, difficult to quantify and, at times, even more difficult to maintain. Clearly a friend is someone you enjoy spending time with. However, a friend is also someone you continue to support even during periods when they are considerably less pleasurable to be around. The loyalty of friendship often contains a kind of tautology or feedback loop: the longer you are friends the more loyal you become, and the more loyal you become the longer you remain friends.
Danielle Steel, Friends Forever|Some people are just different, even in the same family.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ONE HUNDRED ONE WORLD ACCOUNTS in ONE HUNDRED ONE WORD COUNT|If you are having private thoughts and ask an intimate friend to listen to them in privacy or on a date will that be considered too intimi-dating? And if the thoughts are proved to be untrue, but your friend still insists on believing in them anyway, would that be considered a cons-piracy?
Sophie Kinsella, Finding Audrey|She says screens are the cigarettes of our age. They're toxic, and we're only going to realize the damage they're doing when it's too late.
Coco J. Ginger|A POCKET-SIZED GIRLHe keeps me in his pocket for a rainy day; he swears I'm not an object as he yo-yo's me away.A friend is what we'll call it,but my friend, he does not know,each time it rains I love him— so to his pocket, I must go.He thinks he's being clever,but I am not a fool;his love ain't worth a penny,so to my heart I must be cruel.
Coco J. Ginger|MY MOONI'll always wonder what time it is there; if you're dreaming, or awake. My moon is your sun; my darkness, your light. I'm in the future, you'd jokingly say.And I know where you are, because I'm watching you from the past.
Coco J. Ginger|7amThey said that I’d forget you,and I knew it wasn’t true.But sometimes I wake up now,and my heart’s no longer blue.I press the Keurig button,dancing across the room—Sometimes it’s nearly seven,before I’ve thought of you.And though we sleep together,all night side by side,one day I’ll have my coffeewithout you in my mind.
Coco J. Ginger|WORTHYIf you ever decide to feel— feel this:I love you. I always have. I always will.Not because you're charming, beautiful or lovable.But because I choose you.Everyday I wake up and I choose you— again, and again, and again.But if you cannot feel, and if you never feel this, then know:I do not love you. I never have. I never will.Because you're not worth my love.(Come back my love, I am drowning.)
Coco J. Ginger|A WISHSometimes I wish that he will liveand I will see him.But mostly I wish that he will die, and take my memories with him.
Ana Castillo, Loverboys|It is beautiful to capture the soul of another being, isn't it? i nod and add, particularly when it has been a special person. We are talking about friendship, that has its own tenets so we are not talking about romantic/love/sex capture of another soul but the true captivation of another's spirit, which happens between people of the same sex sometimes.
Dean Koontz, Tick Tock|Tommy and Scootie locked eyes. Only minutes ago, he wouldn't have believed that he could ever have felt such a kinship with the Labrador as he felt now.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|I know my life's meaningful because"- and here he stopped, and looked shy, and was silent for a moment before he continued- "because I'm a good friend. i love my friends, and I care about them, and I think I make them happy.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Quarrel? Nonsense; we have not quarrelled. If one is not to get into a rage sometimes, what is the good of being friends?
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|102. After my friend's accident I take care of her. It is always taking care, but it is difficult, because at times to take care of her is also to cause her pain.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|They sat in silence on the windowsill, their hands locked across the distance between them.
Jessica Calla, She Laughs In Pink|You're not simple. You're complicated. You're difficult, challenging, beautiful, and you exhaust me. I love you, I do. You're my best friend, but I can't be with you. Not like that. Are you happy now?
Deyth Banger|Tell me why you don't do it??"I can't..." what you can't "... It's too far"... why??(Sometimes you keep asking yourself why this friend don't stay out... he is going fast to home... but why and why??Why he don't want to stay with his best friend, why?So the school is important than friendship??Why?How?)...
Stuart Miller, Men and Friendship|Being shameless in thinking, then talking, about male friendship because it is important. Make room for friendship in your life. Make a federal case out of it.
Stuart Miller|To realize the importance the imagination could have in friendship, to understand its immense power for bringing us together in a way.
Deyth Banger|The Friendship is a suicide, the question is "Are you ready to suicide?".
Stuart Miller, Men and Friendship|Frequently, friendship is represented as something too steadily pleasant, or in certain of the masterpieces of the past -- Aristotle and Cicero, for example -- as pervaded by a constant mutual understanding and a gentle calm. Friendship is also an emotional relationship, with involvement that can get hot at times, like any other deep involvement with a person.
Rebecca McNutt, Danvers: The Reckoning|I wish I could run away,” Rudger told Jersey as they both rushed in and out of various patients’ rooms, darting around like little ants. “I can’t leave and be on my own though, not right now, anyway.”“Why?” asked Jersey, waving her flashlight in mid-air.Rudger froze for a second, a regretful haze emanating from his eyes. “It’d break her heart if I left.”“Ain’t that normal? For parents to have mixed feelings about their kids growin’ up?”“Not for me, it isn’t.”Jersey made a pitying face in his direction. “So, you wanna keep bein’ towed around with your mom, livin’ in a gross town like Danvers?”“Is there a choice?”“Yeah, there sure is. You can run away and try to be a whole person before it’s too late, or you can live with mommy dearest forever and turn into Norman Bates.
Afton Rorvik, Storm Sisters: Friends Though All Seasons|When storms come, we naturally want to run. What might happen in your friendships if you learned instead to stay put when storms hit?
Afton Rorvik, Storm Sisters: Friends Though All Seasons|When storms come, we naturally want to run. What might happen in your friendships if you learned instead tasty put when storms hit?
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|The Court of Dreams. The people who knew that there was a price, and one worth paying, for that dream.
Jennifer Close, The Hopefuls|When a friendship ends, people don't always give it the same amount of thought that they do relationships ... most of the time, friendships end in a different way - slowly, and without declarations. Usually people don't really notice until a friend has been gone for a while and then they just say they grew apart, or their lives became too different.
Julia Quinn, The Lady Most Willing...|Oakley won't," the duke said.She turned and blinked. "I beg your pardon.""Lord Oakley. He won't forget to find us rooms. I've known him for years. The only thing that is making this bearable is that he must be dying inside over all this.""You don't like him?""On the contrary. I've long considered him a friend. It's why I enjoy his misery so much.
Frances Hodgson Burnett|I wish I was friends with things," he said at last, "but I'm not. I never had anything to be friends with, and I can't bear people.
lauren klarfeld|If we love someone deeply, be they friends, family or lovers, don’t treat the relationship like a playground game of back and forth or tit for tat. See it as a loving connection and let that be the basis of it all.
lauren klarfeld|The old you has been left behind to leave place for the new you. And it will be a new you that your new friends will admire, that your old friends will struggle to understand and that your true friends will learn to embrace.
Yuri Herrera|That's why we make enemies of our friends as soon as they start to drift, he thought, cos that way they get stuck with all our flaws, unlike when they're shared. Maybe brief friendships are best. If you pul out in time, the vices are all theirs.
Bryanna Reid|It's ok to understand other people. But it's not enough. Advertence is necessary too. Because it's easy to understand abstract person if you're not a victim but outside observer. Imagine you say to friend who needs your help: "I understand the man who stole from you because he was starved". Or that: "I understand that scumbag who raped you because his wife ran out on him and he wanted to blow off steam". Only most hard-hearted person can say that.
Alex Gino|Kelly took a deep breath. "And I'm sorry I ignored you last week." She scratched her neck. "And you know what? If you think you're a girl..."George braced for Kelly's next words."Then I think you're a girl too!
Afton Rorvik, Storm Sisters: Friends Though All Seasons|When storms come, we naturally want to run. What might happen in your friendship if you learned instead to stay put when storm hit?
Elizabeth Brundage, All Things Cease to Appear|Her mother had told her that when she was a girl. Whenever you’re in trouble, just remember you’re your own best friend.
Afton Rorvik|Dying and living, weeping and laughing--all parts of our existence here on earth. What would happen in your friendships if together you embraced the hard parts of life and did not fear weeping together?
Aanu|When expecting from your dear ones is a mistake, telling them not to expect is a blunder!
Auliq-Ice|Smiling has special powers that you can't believe it is capable of doing, like calming fears, insecurities, hurt and anxiety just like beauty around you.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|We’ve made it private, contained it in family, when its audacity is in its potential to cross tribal lines. We’ve fetishized it as romance, when its true measure is a quality of sustained, practical care. We’ve lived it as a feeling, when it is a way of being. It is the elemental experience we all desire and seek, most of our days, to give and receive. The sliver of love’s potential that the Greeks separated out as eros is where we load so much of our desire, center so much of our imagination about delight and despair, define so much of our sense of completion. There is the love the Greeks called filia—the love of friendship. There is the love they called agape—love as embodied compassion, expressions of kindness that might be given to a neighbor or a stranger. The Metta of the root Buddhist Pali tongue, “lovingkindness,” carries the nuance of benevolent, active interest in others known and unknown, and its cultivation begins with compassion towards oneself.
Luchia Dertien, Gnomon|I didn't really expect you to have an appropriate response," Renaire says simply, taking a moment to tap ash off the tip of his cigarette. He'd hoped, yes, but never expected, not really. "I came to terms with the fact you're a possessive, self-important asshole with a superiority complex a long time ago.""Somehow, that's reassuring," Delaurier says.
Elena Ferrante|It seemed to me - articulated in words of today - that not only did she know how to put things well but she was developing a gift that I was already familiar with: more effectively than she had as a child, she took the facts and in a natural way charged them with tension; she intensified reality as she reduced it to words, she injected with energy. But I also realized, with pleasure, that, as soon as she began to do this, I felt able to do the same, and I tried and it came easily.
Charlotte Shane|I had no male friends now, though I did have a strong community of intelligent, supportive, funny women and I felt confused as to why they weren't enough for me,
Tina J. Richardson|I'm okay with who I am.You might not understand me. That's okay as I don't understand you.We can still be friends, we just have to accept our differences.
Lik Hock Yap Ivan|Sometimes we forget how important it is just to show up and take care of the good friendships that we have, or might like to have. Good friendships are hard to come by.
Emery Lord, When We Collided|I'm looking for somekind of permanence, so my mark will linger on the world once I'm gone, in the places where I found joy.." -Page 81
Emery Lord, When We Collided|You can ache for where you come from, and it's homesickness. A relationship, and it's heartbreak. But is there a word for missing your friends like that?
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|She can outstare anyone, and I am almost as good. We’re impervious, we scintillate, we are thirteen. We wear long wool coats with tie belts, the collars turned up to look like those of movie stars, and rubber boots with the tops folded down and men’s work socks inside. In our pockets are stuffed the kerchiefs our mothers make us wear but that we take off as soon as we’re out of their sight. We scorn head coverings. Our mouths are tough, crayon-red, shiny as nails. We think we are friends.
Tracy Rees, Amy Snow|Combinations of people, who should have nothing to say to each other. Yet, with hearts that do not recognize it.
Emery Lord, When We Collided|I'm looking for some kind of permanence, so my mark will linger on the world once I'm gone, in the places where I found joy..
Angie karan|The quality of a friend is one who can touch your heart and soul from across the world or across the room. Trust that person who can see through the sadness behind your smile. The one who can hear your words in your silence, can feel your love in your anger, trust them. They are your REAL, TRUE and PURE friends.﻿
Tiffany Luard|Allow not, the shallow intentions or vile aspirations of others to taint your heart; Love always. - With an abundance of positivity you will counter the negative, always.
Elisabeth Kübler-Ross|The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity, and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness, and a deep loving concern. Beautiful people do not just happen.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|People are more difficult to work with than machines. And when you break a person, he can't be fixed.
Albert Einstein|The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.
Fiona Apple|When you're surrounded by all these people, it can be lonelier than when you're by yourself. You can be in a huge crowd, but if you don't feel like you can trust anyone or talk to anybody, you feel like you're really alone.
Audrey Hepburn|Why change? Everyone has his own style. When you have found it, you should stick to it.
Plato|good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws
Deb Caletti, The Fortunes of Indigo Skye|The loneliness you feel with another person, the wrong person, is the loneliest of all.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|A leader is bestWhen people barely know he existsOf a good leader, who talks little,When his work is done, his aim fulfilled,They will say, “We did this ourselves.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|There is only one way to fight, and that's dirty. Clean gentlemanly fighting will get you nowhere but dead, and fast. Take every cheap shot, every low blow, absolutely kick people when they're down, and maybe you'll be the one who walks away.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Infamous|The worst wounds, the deadliest of them, aren't the ones people see on the outside. They're the ones that make us bleed internally.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|You always feel like you are the only one in the world, like everyone else is crazy for each other, but it's not true. Generally, people don't like each other very much. And that goes for friends, too.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Those people, who hate you, envy your freedom.
Ashly Lorenzana|No one truly knows what they will do in a certain situation until they are actually in it. It's very easy to judge someone else's actions by what you assume your own would be, if you were in their shoes. But we only know what we THINK we would do, not what we WOULD do.
Mark Twain|The more I learn about people, the more I like my dog.
Michael  Jackson|We have to heal our wounded world. The chaos, despair, and senseless destruction we see today are a result of the alienation that people feel from each other and their environment.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|You should never hate anyone, even your worst enemies. Everyone has something good about them. You have to find the redeeming quality and love the person for that.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|...and that, in the end, the most interesting people always leave.
Chief Seattle, The Chief Seattle's Speech|My people are few. They resemble the scattering trees of a storm-swept plain...There was a time when our people covered the land as the waves of a wind-ruffled sea cover its shell-paved floor, but that time long since passed away with the greatness of tribes that are now but a mournful memory.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|I hated labels anyway. People didn't fit in slots--prostitute, housewife, saint--like sorting the mail. We were so mutable, fluid with fear and desire, ideals and angles, changeable as water.
Caspar David Friedrich|You call me a misanthrope because I avoid society. You err; I love society. Yet in order not to hate people, I must avoid their company.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|First of all," he said, "if you can learn a simple trick, Scout, you'll get along a lot better with all kinds of folks. You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view--until you climb into his skin and walk around in it.
Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum|And sin, young man, is when you treat people like things.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|People are who they are and, try as you might, you cannot make them be what you want them to be.
Margaret Mead|Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Sometimes people who seem good end up being not as good as you might have hoped, you know?
David Bowie|People are so fucking dumb. Nobody reads anymore, nobody goes out and looks and explores the society and culture they were brought up in. People have attention spans of five seconds and as much depth as a glass of water.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|And pity--people who inspire it in you are actually very powerful people. To get someone else to take care of you, to feel sorry for you--that takes a lot of strength, smarts, manipulation. Very powerful people.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|When people tell a lie about something, they have to make up a bunch of lies to go with the first one. ‘Mythomania’ is the word for it.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|What's wrong with people?" she says, almost too quiet for me to hear. "Were they born with parts missing or did it fall out somewhere along the way?
Douglas Coupland, The Gum Thief|I think if human beings had genuine courage, they'd wear their costumes every day of the year, not just on Halloween. Wouldn't life be more interesting that way? And now that I think about it, why the heck don't they? Who made the rule that everybody has to dress like sheep 364 days of the year? Think of all the people you'd meet if they were in costume every day. People would be so much easier to talk to - like talking to dogs. 
Beau Taplin|Some people are magic, and others are just the illusion of it.
Haruki Murakami|I think that my job is to observe people and the world, and not to judge them. I always hope to position myself away from so-called conclusions. I would like to leave everything wide open to all the possibilities in the world.
Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit|So this is hell. I'd never have believed it. You remember all we were told about the torture-chambers, the fire and brimstone, the "burning marl." Old wives' tales! There's no need for red-hot pokers. Hell is—other people!
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|I wanted to tell people, "My depression is acting up today" as an excuse for not seeing them, but I never managed to pull it off.
Bill Gates|If you give people tools, and they use their natural abilities and their curiosity, they will develop things in ways that will surprise you very much beyond what you might have expected.
Novala Takemoto, Missin' (Novel)|Most people are full of themselves and speak only the obnoxiously superficial, in other words they're annoying as hell
Jim Butcher, Turn Coat|The human mind isn't a terribly logical or consistent place. Most people, given the choice to face a hideous or terrifying truth or to conveniently avoid it, choose the convenience and peace of normality. That doesn't make them strong or weak people, or good or bad people. It just makes them people.
Chad Kultgen, The Lie|people don't change, they just have momentary steps outside of their true character
Charles Bukowski|I have one problem, I don’t hate people. They disgust me and I want to get away from them. I do not have hatred. I have an escape mechanism.
George Harrison|As long as you hate, there will be people to hate.
Steve Almond, Candyfreak: A Journey through the Chocolate Underbelly of America|Every now and then, I'll run into someone who claims not to like chocolate, and while we live in a country where everyone has the right to eat what they want, I want to say for the record that I don't trust these people, that I think something is wrong with them, and that they're probably - and this must be said - total duds in bed.
Joyce Carol Oates, After the Wreck, I Picked Myself Up, Spread My Wings, and Flew Away|See, people come into your life for a reason. They might not know it themselves, why. You might not know it. But there's a reason. There has to be
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|I don't see what's so triffic about creating people as people and then gettin' upset cos' they act like people", said Adam severely. "Anyway, if you stopped tellin' people it's all sorted out after they're dead, they might try sorting it all out while they're alive.
Anthony Liccione|There are four kinds of people to avoid in the world: the assholes, the asswipes, the ass-kissers, and those that just will shit all over you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Fake friends; those who only drill holes under your boat to get it leaking; those who discredit your ambitions and those who pretend they love you, but behind their backs they know they are in to destroy your legacies.
Gayle Forman, I Was Here|Sometimes we meet people and are so symbiotic with them, it’s as if we are one person, with one mind, one destiny.
Carolee Dean, Take Me There|Words are like people, I think. Put too many of them too close together and they cause trouble.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Love may be harder to find in some people, but when they do love you know it must be something marvelous.
Michael Thomas Ford, Suicide Notes|I knew people were talking, but I wasn't listening. I wasn't interested in anything anyone had to say.
Charles Bukowski, Women|As a recluse I couldn't bear traffic. It had nothing to do with jealousy, I simply disliked people, crowds, anywhere, except at my readings. People diminished me, they sucked me dry.
Laura Moriarty, The Rest of Her Life|You could push people away, past their limits, even accidentally, and then it was just too late to get them back
John Green, Paper Towns|There are so many people. It is easy to forget how full the world is of people, full to bursting, and each of them imaginable and consistently misimagined.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Perhaps I cannot make my people good, she told herself, but I should at least try to make them a little less bad.
Sylvia Plath, The Journals of Sylvia Plath|So, now I shall talk every night. To myself. To the moon. I shall walk, as I did tonight, jealous of my loneliness, in the blue-silver of the cold moon, shining brilliantly on the drifts of fresh-fallen snow, with the myriad sparkles. I talk to myself and look at the dark trees, blessedly neutral. So much easier than facing people, than having to look happy, invulnerable, clever. With masks down, I walk, talking to the moon, to the neutral impersonal force that does not hear, but merely accepts my being. And does not smite me down.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|And I came to believe that good and evil are names for what people do, not for what they are. All we can say is that this is a good deed, because it helps someone or that's an evil one because it hurts them. People are too complicated to have simple labels.
A.S. King, Everybody Sees the Ants|Listen to me. They may control what you do, but no one can pee on your soul without your permission.
Susan Sontag|I don’t care about someone being intelligent; any situation between people, when they are really human with each other, produces ‘intelligence.
Richard Ford, The Sportswriter|People surprise you, Frank, with just how fuckin stupid they are.
Em Bailey, Shift|I am weird, and you know what? That's OK. So are most interesting people.
Colette, The Pure and the Impure|I did not look for her, because I was afraid of dispelling the mystery we attach to people whom we know only casually.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power|Virtue is under certain circumstances merely an honorable form of stupidity: who could be ill-disposed toward it on that account? And this kind of virtue has not been outlived even today. A kind of sturdy peasant simplicity, which, however, is possible in all classes and can be encountered only with respect and a smile, believes even today that everything is in good hands, namely in the "hands of God"; and when it maintains this proportion with the same modest certainty as it would that two and two make four, we others certainly refrain from contradicting. Why disturb THIS pure foolishness? Why darken it with our worries about man, people, goal, future? And even if we wanted to do it, we could not. They project their own honorable stupidity and goodness into the heart of things (the old God, deus myops, still lives among them!); we others — we read something else into the heart of things: our own enigmatic nature, our contradictions, our deeper, more painful, more mistrustful wisdom.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Then it hit me and I just blurted, 'I like people too much or not at all. I've got to go down deep, to fall into people, to really know them.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When people complain of your complexity, they fail to remember that they made fun of your simplicity.
Charles de Lint, Dreams Underfoot|As the new work fills my notebooks, I've come to realize that the characters in my stories were so real because I really did want to get close to people, I really did want to know them. It was just easier to do it on paper, one step removed.
Israelmore Ayivor|People appear like angels until you hear them speak. You must not rush to judge people by the colour of their cloaks, but by the content of their words!
Eileen Wilks, On the Prowl|People always wanted someone to blame, didn't they?
James Salter, Light Years|Their life is mysterious, it is like a forest; from far off it seems a unity, it can be comprehended, described, but closer it begins to separate, to break into light and shadow, the density blinds one. Within there is no form, only prodigious detail that reaches everywhere: exotic sounds, spills of sunlight, foliage, fallen trees, small beasts that flee at the sound of a twig-snap, insects, silence, flowers.And all of this, dependent, closely woven, all of it is deceiving. There are really two kinds of life. There is, as Viri says, the one people believe you are living, and there is the other. It is this other which causes the trouble, this other we long to see.
Jeannette Walls|That was the thing to remember about all monsters, They love to frightenpeople, but the minute you stare them down, they turn tail and run.
Suzy Kassem|The most dangerous people in the world are not the tiny minority instigating evil acts, but those who do the acts for them. For example, when the British invaded India, many Indians accepted to work for the British to kill off Indians who resisted their occupation. So in other words, many Indians were hired to kill other Indians on behalf of the enemy for a paycheck. Today, we have mercenaries in Africa, corporate armies from the western world, and unemployed men throughout the Middle East killing their own people - and people of other nations - for a paycheck. To act without a conscience, but for a paycheck, makes anyone a dangerous animal. The devil would be powerless if he couldn't entice people to do his work. So as long as money continues to seduce the hungry, the hopeless, the broken, the greedy, and the needy, there will always be war between brothers.
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|People are good or half good or a quarter good, and it changes all the time- but even on the best day nobody's perfect.
Albert Einstein, Living Philosophies|Strange is our situation here upon earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to a divine purpose. From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: That we are here for the sake of other men —above all for those upon whose smile and well-being our own happiness depends, for the countless unknown souls with whose fate we are connected by a bond of sympathy. Many times a day, I realize how much my outer and inner life is built upon the labors of people, both living and dead, and how earnestly I must exert myself in order to give in return as much as I have received and am still receiving.
Oscar Wilde|It's an odd thing, but anyone who disappears is said to be seen in San Francisco.It must be a delightful city and possess all the attractions of the next world
Bela Lugosi|I guess I'm pretty much of a lone wolf. I don't say I don't like people at all but, to tell you the truth I only like it then if I have a chance to look deep into their hearts and their minds.
Enid Blyton, The Naughtiest Girl Again|I think people make their own faces, as they grow.
Sangu Mandanna, The Lost Girl|If you expect the worse, you're only denying someone a chance to be better
Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle|But I discovered that people like me -- they do, you know, if you like them -- and then it was all right.
Hans F. Hasen|People inspire you, or they drain you. PICK THEM WISELY.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I think that I am too warm to negatively judge individuals, yet I am cold enough to negatively judge humanity.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Sure, anyone can name fourteen dead people. But we're disorganized mourners, so a lot of people end up remembering Shakespeare, and no one ends up remembering the person he wrote Sonnet Fifty-five about.
Taylor Swift|My parents taught me never to judge others based on whom they love, what color their skin is, or their religion. Why make life miserable for someone when you could be using your energy for good? We don’t need to share the same opinions as others, but we need to be respectful. When you hear people making hateful comments, stand up to them. Point out what a waste it is to hate, and you could open their eyes.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Never judge someone's character based on the words of another. Instead, study the motives behind the words of the person casting the bad judgment.
Michael J. Sullivan|When you are so ashamed of your actions, thoughts, or intentions, you lie rather than accepting yourself for who you really are—or, in this case, pretend something happened when it didn’t. The idea of how others see you becomes more important than the reality of you.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|People. You must love people. Men are admirable. I wantto vomit—and suddenly, there it is: the Nausea
Ian Frazier|Every once in a while, people need to be in the presence of things that are really far away.
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|I wonder if other mothers feel a tug at their insides, watching their children grow up into the people they themselves wanted so badly to be.
Tamora Pierce, Melting Stones|I'm not so fond of people myself, Evvy, but I took my vows for a reason. There are two classes of people in the world, the destroyers and the builders. I want to build, not destroy. You need to ask yourself who you're going to be.
Jodi Picoult, House Rules|It's never the differences between people that surprise us. It's the things that, against all odds, we have in common.
Michael Thomas Ford, Suicide Notes|I think he just loved being with the bears because they didn't make him feel bad. I get it too. When he was with the bears, they didn't care that he was kind of weird, or that he'd gotten into trouble for drinking too much and using drugs(which apparently he did a lot of). They didn't ask him a bunch of stupid questions about how he felt, or why he did what he did. They just let him be who he was.
John O'Donohue|When you steal a people's language, you leave their soul bewildered.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|I wasn’t a nerd, mind you, but I’d spent a lot of my youth studying Epics, so I’d had limited experience with social interaction. I mixed with ordinary people about the same way that a bucket of paint mixed with a bag of gerbils.
Ellis Peters, A Nice Derangement of Epitaphs|Only people who're positive enough to have friends have enemies. When you're as glum and morose as he was, people just give up and go away.
Carroll Bryant|Cool people are only cool for the first thirty minutes of knowing them. After that, they just become annoying.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Engage people with what they expect; it is what they are able to discern and confirms their projections. It settles them into predictable patterns of response, occupying their minds while you wait for the extraordinary moment — that which they cannot anticipate.
Colson Whitehead, Zone One|We never see other people anyway, only the monsters we make of them.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|It's amazing. The moment you show cash, everyone knows your language.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|People are like animals. Some are happiest penned in, some need to roam free. You go to recognize what's in her nature and accept it.
Cory Doctorow, Little Brother|If you stare at someone long enough, they'll eventually look back at you.
Victoria Schwab, Vicious|He was like one of those pictures full of small errors, the kind you could only pick out by searching the image from every angle, and even then, a few always slipped by. On the surface, Eli seemed perfectly normal, but now and then Victor would catch a crack, a sideways glance, a moment when his roommate's face and his words, his look and his meaning, would not line up. Those fleeting slices fascinated Victor. It was like watching two people, one hiding in the other's skin. And their skin was always too dry, on the verge of cracking and showing the color of the thing beneath.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|He hates me more," says Peeta. "I don't think people in general are his sort of thing.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|I could never leave,' Pine Sap said. 'Why?' she asked.Pine Sap shrugged, and gestured in the direction of the village. 'Because I think people must be the same everywhere. Only these people are my bones.
Ethan Black, The Broken Hearts Club|Whenever someone acts one way in public - goes overboard, if you know what i mean - it'll turn out they have an opposite side. The quietest person will have the worst temper. The happiest person will suffer the worst depressions. The best thing about a person is the worst thing.
Margaret Chase Smith|When people keep telling you that you can’t do a thing, you kind of like to try it. 
Donna Lynn Hope|It's way too easy to see the real face of a person. They're amiable and full of pretense when they want something from you, but the minute you don't give in, back away or put yourself first (like they do) is the minute they show you who they really are.
Charles de Lint, Dreams Underfoot|A name can't begin to encompass the sum of all her parts. But that's the magic of names, isn't it? That the complex, contradictory individuals we are can be called up complete and whole in another mind through the simple sorcery of a name.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|Damn real live people, getting in the way of peaceful ideals.
Jean Vanier, Community And Growth|People cannot accept their own evil if they do not at the same time feel loved, respected and trusted.
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|Love is never any better than the lover. Wicked people love wickedly, violent people love violently, weak people love weakly, stupid people love stupidly, but the love a free man is never safe.
Frank O'Hara| Andalways embrace things, people earthsky stars, as I do, freely and withthe appropriate sense of space. 
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|If somebody likes me, I want them to like the real me, not what they think I am.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|People who are different from other people are always called peculiar,' said Anne.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Just like that. From a hundred miles an hour to asleep in a nanosecond. I wanted so badly to lie down next to her on the couch, to wrap my arms around her and sleep. Not f*ck, like in those movies. Not even have sex. Just sleep together, in the most innocent sense of the phrase. But I lacked the courage and she had a boyfriend and I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was hopelessly boring and she was endlessly fascinating. So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was a hurricane.
Ashly Lorenzana|By judging others, you make yourself easy to judge.
Karl Lagerfeld|Guilty feelings about clothes are totally unnecessary. A lot of people earn their living by making clothes, so you should never feel bad.
Ewan McGregor|I fight cynicism. It`s too easy. It`s really boring. It`s much harder to be positive and see the wonder of everything. Cynicism is a bunch of people who aren`t as talented as other people, knocking them because they make them feel even more untalented.
Ana Sáez González|Smart people have the brains, but stupid people have the balls
Deb Caletti, The Fortunes of Indigo Skye|Maybe a person's world can grow bigger in all the right ways, not too wide that it becomes shallow, just large enough to preserve its depth.
Howard Zinn|If history is to be creative, to anticipate a possible future without denying the past, it should, I believe, emphasize new possibilities by disclosing those hidden episodes of the past when, even if in brief flashes, people showed their ability to resist, to join together, occasionally to win. I am supposing, or perhaps only hoping, that our future may be found in the past's fugitive movements of compassion rather than in its solid centuries of warfare.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Neither sugar nor salt tastes particularly good by itself. Each is at its best when used to season other things. Love is the same way. Use it to "season" people.
Aimee Friedman, Sea Change|When people went on vacation, they shed their home skins, thought they could be a new person.
Irene Butter|Enemies are people who's story you haven't heard, or who's face you haven't seen.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|Polly felt questing eyes boring into her. She was embarrassed, of course. But not for the obvious reason. It was for the other one, the little lesson that life sometimes rams home with a stick: you are not the only one watching the world. Other people are people; while you watch them they watch you, and they think about you while you think about them. The world isn’t just about you.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Cranford|In the first place, Cranford is in possession of the Amazons; all the holders of houses above a certain rent are women. If a married couple come to settle in the town, somehow the gentleman disappears; he is either fairly frightened to death by being the only man in the Cranford parties, or he is accounted for by being with his regiment, his hip, or closely engaged in business all the week in the great neighbouring commercial town of Drumble, distant only twenty miles on a railroad. In short, whatever does become of the gentlemen, they are not at Cranford.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Everybody has good and bad forces working with them, against them, and within them.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|Sometimes you’ll hear, ‘People don’t change.’ This is true more often than it ought to be, but listen again: ‘People don’t change.’ It says ‘don’t,’ not ‘can’t.’ (316)
Nick Hornby, About a Boy|There were about seventy-nine squillion people in the world, and if you were very lucky, you would end up being loved by fifteen or twenty of them.
Émile Durkheim, On Suicide: A Study in Sociology|Melancholy suicide. —This is connected with a general state of extreme depression and exaggerated sadness, causing the patient no longer to realize sanely the bonds which connect him with people and things about him. Pleasures no longer attract;
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|Animals are born who they are, accept it, and that is that. They live with greater peace than people do.
Ayn Rand|When you are asked to love everybody indiscriminately, that is to love people without any standard, to love them regardless of whether they have any value or virtue, you are asked to love nobody.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|There are moments when a kind of clarity comes over you, and suddenly you can see through walls to another dimension that you'd forgotten or chosen to ignore in order to continue living with the various illusions that make life, particularily life with other people, possible.
H.C. Paye|It takes one to tell, and two to missunderstand.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|When I pretended to be precocious, people started the rumor that I was precocious. When I acted like an idler, rumor had it I was an idler. When I pretended I couldn't write a novel, people said I couldn't write. When I acted like a liar, they called me a liar. When I acted like a rich man, they started the rumor I was rich. When I feigned indifference, they classed me as the indifferent type. But when I inadvertently groaned because I was really in pain, they started the rumor that I was faking suffering. The world is out of joint.
James McGregor|If you have the power to change the world for the better, you should do it. That's why people who do nothing are idiots, but idiots who do nothing are life-savers.
Michael Patrick King|When real people fall down in life, they get right back up and keep on walking.
Isabel Allende, Maya's Notebook|As my Popo used to say, life is a tapestry we weave day by day with threads of different colors, some heavy and dark, others thin and bright, all the threads having their uses. The stupid things I did are already in the tapestry, indelible, but I’m not going to be weighed down by them till I die. What’s done is done; I have to look ahead.
Chad Kultgen, The Lie|Try to remember the moment when all the stupid innocent things you thought about life and love, all the things you thought mattered, all the things you though were true. . .try to remember when they all turned out to be lies. —Kyle
Daniel J. Levitin, This Is Your Brain on Music: The Science of a Human Obsession|Music may be the activity that prepared our pre-human ancestors for speech communication and for the very cognitive, representational flexibility necessary to become humans.
Jane Austen|Oh! you are a great deal too apt, you know, to like people in general. You never see fault in any body. All the world are good and agreeable in your eyes. I never heard you speak ill of a human being in my life.""I would wish not to be hasty in censuring any one; but I always speak what I think.
Kiersten White, Illusions of Fate|I don't dislike them, nor do I like them. I've never understood why one must love children simply because they are children. I don't love people because they are people; in fact, I rarely like any people at all. If a child is somehow deserving of admiration, I certainly won't deny it, but why hand it out like candy on Queen's Day?
Oscar Wilde|Pray don't talk to me about the weather, Mr. Worthing. Whenever people talk to me about the weather, I always feel quite certain that they mean something else. And that makes me quite nervous.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Maybe we were all destined to just keep doing the same stupid things, over and over again, never really learning a single thing.
Carol Channing|When you try to talk about yourself, you dont know who you are, or what your like, or what your like to other people. And the moment you do it's a formula for yourself, and then you're imitating yourself, and then nobody likes you and they dont know why.
Robert  Burton, The Anatomy of Melancholy|I am not poor, I am not rich; nihil est, nihil deest, I have little, I want nothing: all my treasure is in Minerva’s tower...I live still a collegiate student...and lead a monastic life, ipse mihi theatrum [sufficient entertainment to myself], sequestered from those tumults and troubles of the world...aulae vanitatem, fori ambitionem, ridere mecum soleo [I laugh to myself at the vanities of the court, the intrigues of public life], I laugh at all.
Jeri Smith-Ready, Requiem for the Devil|Beautiful doesn't begin to describe it. A flower is beautiful. But this is beautiful the way that a person is beautiful- terrifying with its jagged edges, yet seductive with its crevices that hide so many secrets.
Mike Birbiglia|Saturday night is perfect for writers because other people have "plans.
Martina Cole, Close|He had found many years ago before that if you kept very quiet people filled in the silences themselves,offering more information than they had originally intended to give.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|So you should remember that, when you're thinking about what other people can deal with. Maybe it's not so bad.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Considering the notion that the spiritual battlefield is infinitely greater than the physical, perhaps God is more willing to bless with a sort of divine ecstasy those who see the devil as the enemy rather than those who see other people as the enemies.
Rachel Corrie|Sometimes I sit down to dinner with people and I realize there is a massive military machine surrounding us, trying to kill the people I'm having dinner with.
Charles Bukowski|I was alone with myself. And disgusting as I was it was better than being with somebody else, anybody else, all of them out there doing their pitiful little tricks and handsprings.
Gail Godwin|There are two kinds of people. One kind, you can just tell by looking at them at what point they congealed into their final selves. It might be a very nice self, but you know you can expect no more suprises from it. Whereas, the other kind keep moving, changing... They are fluid. They keep moving forward and making new trysts with life, and the motion of it keeps them young. In my opinion, they are the only people who are still alive. You must be constantly on your guard against congealing.
Avery Sawyer, Notes to Self|I don't believe everything happens for a reason. But I still search for reasons anyway. It's like I don't want to admit that maybe everything really is totally random...that people are just molecules in the air, bumping into each other and floating away again."-p150, NOTES TO SELF
Karl Lagerfeld|Logos and branding are so important. In a big part of the world, people cannot read French or English--but are great in remembering signs
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|A house can have integrity, just like a person,' said Roark, 'and just as seldom.
William Trevor, Love and Summer|People run away to be alone,' he said. Some people had to be alone.
Charles Fort|Almost all people are hypnotics. The proper authority saw to it that the proper belief should be induced, and the people believed properly.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|Strange how one person can saturate a room with vitality, with excitement. Then there are others, and this dame was one of them, who can drain off energy and joy, can suck pleasure dry and get no sustenance from it. Such people spread a grayness in the air about them.
Michael Makai, Domination & Submission: The BDSM Relationship Handbook|People are like M&Ms. They come in a variety of colors, they're hard on the outside, and full of obscene yumminess on the inside.
James McGregor|People are not measured by their accomplishments, but by how many times they screw up trying to achieve them.
Andy Warhol|Just because people throw it out and don't have any use for it, doesn't mean it's garbage.
Confucius|Where words lose their meaning, people lose their lives.
Cocteau|It's perfectly normal that extraordinary things happen to me. I'm an exceptional person. Oh, don't think I'm boasting. I mean to say that, unfortunately, I'm exceptional and that, unfortunately, I can't live by the rules. I must make my own.
Laurence Sterne|We don't love people so much for the good they have done us, as for the good we have done them
Joyce Carol Oates, Marriages and Infidelities|But he doesn't love her. I invented that. It is a plot if you imagine people in love--the lazy looping criss crosses of love, blows, stares, tears. No. It doesn't happen. No love. People meet, touch, stare into one another's faces, shake their heads clear, move on, forget. It doesn't happen.
Catherine of Genoa|Normal....What the majority of people look, act, and talk and like.So what if the majority became what we see as wierd now?Would our normal, become our new wierd?
Rebecca McKinsey, Sydney West|My point is this — you don't know. When I was first here, people looked at my hair, noticed apples on my tray, and thought 'hippie.' Then, from 'hippie' they thought 'druggie.' From there it went to 'will get me in trouble' and 'not worth my time,' and then they stopped thinking at all. No one bothered to find out if what they thought about me was true. No one wanted to hear what I thought. No one cared what I believed in. No one cared about talking to me or asking what my plans were for the day or night. And then came you. Don't let what you think you know make him into what I could have been. Don't become someone who doesn't think, just because you don't like him for some reason. Because, quite frankly, I like how you think. Except for now, of course.
Alysha Speer, Sharden|I did not ask for consciousness, yet it came to me.And I had to know.Once again, I crawled away from my bed and pushed the computer cord back into the socket.It took three minutes.I quickly identified myself and put in my password.Then it thought.I wanted to bounce impatiently, but I couldn’t make myself move.At last, I found the internet, and I typed in a name, on the company page, under my account.I searched ‘images’.And there, on the screen in front of me, was the most beautiful person I’d ever seen.I couldn’t stop the tears from welling up and spilling over as I stared back at the smiling face.It couldn’t be him.It was.Derek Erickson.And I was going to kill him.
Akira Kurosawa|IT IS QUITE ENOUGH IF A HUMAN BEING HAS BUT ONE FIELD WHERE HE OR SHE IS STRONG. IF A HUMAN BEING WERE STRONG IN EVERY FIELD, IT WOULDN'T BE NICE FOR OTHER PEOPLE, WOULD IT?
Rae Carson, Walk on Earth a Stranger|Every place there's people, there's badness.
Terry Pratchett, Mort|History isn't like that. History unravels gently, like an old sweater. It has been patched and darned many times, reknitted to suit different people, shoved in a box under the sink of censorship to be cut up for the dusters of propaganda, yet it always - eventually - manages to spring back into its old familar shape. History has a habit of changing the people who think they are changing it. History always has a few tricks up its frayed sleeve. It's been around a long time.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The day we find the perfect church, it becomes imperfect the moment we join it.
Terri Irwin, Steve & Me|Crocodiles are easy,' Steve said. 'They try to kill and eat you. People are harder. Sometimes they pretend to be your friend first.
Martina Cole, Close|People only know what you tell them.And it was true.People gave out their whole life stories to anyone and everyone without a second's thought.Stand at a bus stop,sit in a strange pub,get banged up,and someone would always give you their life story.It was as if they were trying to prove they existed
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|If you want to govern the people,You must place yourself below them.If you want to lead people,You must learn how to follow them.
Max Barry, Company|You come to work every day but you hardly get to know anyone. I don't even know the names of half the people I see in the elevators. They say the company is a big family, but I don't know them. And even the people I do, like you two, and Elizabeth, and Roger - do I really? I mean, I like you guys, but we only ever talk about work. When I'm out with friends, or at home, I never talk about work. The other day, I tried to explain to my sister why it's such a huge deal that Elizabeth ate Roger's donut, and she thought I was insane. And you know what, I agreed with her. At home I couldn't even think why it mattered. Because I'm a different person at home. When I leave this place at night, I can feel myself changing. Like shifting gears in my head. And you guys don't know that; you just know what I'm like here, which is terrible, because I think I'm better away from work. I don't even like who I am here. Is that just me? Or is everyone different when they come to work? If they are, then what are they really like? How can we ever know? All we know are the Work People.
Mary Roach, Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal|People are messy, unpredictable things.
Adrian Tchaikovsky, Blood of the Mantis|Progress is made by the improvement of people, not the improvement of machines.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|The truth is, there are not two kinds of people. There’s only one: the kind that loves to divide up into gangs who hate each other’s guts. Both conservatives and liberals agree among themselves, on their respective message boards, in uncannily identical language, that their opponents lack any self-awareness or empathy, the ability to see the other side of an argument or to laugh at themselves. Which would seem to suggest that they’re both correct.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|On the late afternoon streets, everyone hurries along, going about their own business.Who is the person walking in front of you on the rain-drenched sidewalk?He is covered with an umbrella, and all you can see is a dark coat and the shoes striking the puddles.And yet this person is the hero of his own life story.He is the love of someone’s life.And what he can do may change the 
Timothy Zahn, Heir to the Empire|Governments and entire planets are important, Threepio. But when you sift everything down, they're all just made of people.
Alison Larkin, The English American|Who are these people sharing the street with me? What is going on in their worlds, inside their heads? Are they in love? If so, is it the kind that Mum and Dad have? Based on having things in common, like raspberry picking and a love of dogs, and Shakespeare, and long country walks? Or is it the knock-you-out, eat-you-up, set-you-on-fire kind of love that I have longed for-and avoided-all my life?
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Driven by a wish to save Tomás from a life of penury and misunderstanding, Fermin had decided that he needed to develop my friend's latent conversational and social skills.Like the good ape he is, man is a social animal, characterized by cronyism, nepotism, corruption, and gossip. That's the intrinsic blueprint for our ethical behavior.
Kinky Friedman, A Case of Lone Star|Friday night was the night most people thought they were supposed to have fun. Trouble was most people didn't know what fun was or how to have it, so things usually ended up pretty ugly.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Leadership is never an avenue to be self-serving but,a platform to render great service to people.
Neil Gaiman|Night was spreading slowly around the spinning Earth. It should have been full of pinpricks of light. It was not. There were five billion people down there. What was going to happen soon would make barbarism look like a picnic - hot, nasty, and eventually given over to the ants.
Edwidge Danticat, Breath, Eyes, Memory|They are the people of creation. Their maker…gives them the sky to carry because they are so strong. These people do not know who they are, but if you see a lot of trouble in your life, it is because you were chosen to carry part of the sky on your head.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|I know that people can be better than they are. We are capable of bearing a great burden, once we discover that the burden is reality and arrive where reality is.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, All In|Home isn't a place. Home is the people who love you most, the people who will always love you, forever and ever, no matter what.
William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury|I'd have wasted a lot of time and trouble before I learned that the best way to take all people, black or white, is to take them for what they think they are, then leave them alone.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Everyone can perform magic, everyone can reach his goals, ifhe is able to think, if he is able to wait, if he is able to fast.
C. JoyBell C.|It is only when you accept how different you all are, that you will be able to see how much the same you all are. Don't expect anybody to be the same as you, then you will see that you are in many ways the same as everybody.
Malcolm Gladwell, The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference|Economists often talk about the 80/20 Principle, which is the idea that in any situation roughly 80 percent of the “work” will be done by 20 percent of the participants. In most societies, 20 percent of criminals commit 80 percent of crimes. Twenty percent of motorists cause 80 percent of all accidents. Twenty percent of beer drinkers drink 80 percent of all beer. When it comes to epidemics, though, this disproportionality becomes even more extreme: a tiny percentage of people do the majority of the work.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|People can start out one way, and by the time life gets through with them they end up completely different.
Charles Bukowski, Hollywood|People just weren't interesting. Maybe they weren't supposed to be. But animals, birds, even insects were. I couldn't understand it.
Paul David Tripp, Instruments in the Redeemer's Hands: People in Need of Change Helping People in Need of Change|We must not offer people a system of redemption, a set of insights and principles. We offer people a Redeemer.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I love the people,' I said. 'I have room in me for love, and for ever so many little lives.
Judith Guest, Ordinary People|Depending on the reality one must face, one may prefer to opt for illusion.
Noel Streatfeild, Skating Shoes|During the last six months the little girl Harriet, without her noticing it, had disappeared and a new Harriet had taken her place. A Harriet who looked much the same outside, but was more of a person inside.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|He felt that he could not turn aside from himself the hatred of men, because that hatred did not come from his being bad (in that case he could have tried to be better), but from his being shamefully and repulsively unhappy. He knew that for this, for the very fact that his heart was torn with grief, they would be merciless to him. He felt that men would crush him as dogs strangle a torn dog yelping with pain. He knew that his sole means of security against people was to hide his wounds from them
Chirag Tulsiani|Life is similar to a bus ride.The journey begins when we board the bus. We meet people along our way of which some are strangers, some friends and some strangers yet to be friends. There are stops at intervals and people board in.At times some of these people make their presence felt, leave an impact through their grace and beauty on us fellow passengers while on other occasions they remain indifferent.But then it is important for some people to make an exit, to get down and walk the paths they were destined to because if people always made an entrance and never left either for the better or worse, then we would feel suffocated and confused like those people in the bus, the purpose of the journey would lose its essence and the journey altogether would neither be worthwhile nor smooth.
Ashly Lorenzana|The easiest way to gain someone's trust is to deserve it. This should be pretty easy, assuming you're just being you and being real. Minimal effort too.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|The people I'm stuck with in my life now aren't sucking the life out of me, they just suck.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that, people are people. That's why the way I treat the lady working in the deli who slices my ham is the same way I treat my friend who drives a Chrysler. That's why the way I treat the guy who packs my groceries is the same way I treat my rich friends. Because people are people. Some are rich and some are poor, and they're all people.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Oh, he did his best to make their short lives miserable, because that was his job, but nothing he could think up was half as bad as the stuff they thought up themselves.
Himanshu Chhabra|People are gonna leave anyway, because those who stay are not people, they are family.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Beware of those who are bored and not passionate about life, for they will bore you with reasons for not living.
Francesca Marciano, Casa Rossa|Maybe that's what happens with age, I thought. All your life you force yourself to forget people who have hurt you, but as you get older and weaker their memory surfaces again, like a bubble in the water. You have to surrender, because you feel to tired to fight it and push it down again. And maybe, unexpectedly, you find out that instead, of revamping your anger, those memories produce an unexpected sweetness.
Christopher Moore, Bite Me|Which isn’t, like, as bad as it sounds, because the general public kind of sucks ass.
James Madison|In framing a government, which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty is this: You must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place, oblige it to control itself.
Lily Blake, Snow White & the Huntsman|Legend has it, dwarves were made to uncover all the riches hidden on earth. Not just golds or precious stones, but the beauty in people's hearts. -Eric
Frances Winkler|I'm collector of stuff that people make with their brain. I keep them in little jars and I take them out and play with them sometimes too. The stuff, not the people.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|However gross a man may be, the minute he expresses a strong and genuine affection, some inner secretion alters his features, animates his gestures, and colors his voice. The stupidest man will often, under the stress of passion, achieve heights of eloquence, in thought if not in language, and seem to move in some luminous sphere. Goriot's voice and gesture had at this moment the power of communication that characterizes the great actor. Are not our finer feelings the poems of the human will?
Julia Gregson, East of the Sun|One of the the things she most liked about the city -apart from all its obvious attractions, the theatre, the galleries, the exhilarating walks by the river- was that so few people ever asked you personal questions.
Paul McHugh|Maybe it's wrong-footed trying to fit people into the world, rather than trying to make the world a better place for people.[as quoted in "Brain Gain" by Margaret Talbot, The New Yorker, 4/27/09 issue]
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Our freedoms are vanishing. If you do not get active to take a stand now against all that is wrong while we still can, then maybe one of your children may elect to do so in the future, when it will be far more riskier — and much, much harder.
Aaron Swartz|Growing up, I slowly had this process of realizing that all the things around me that people had told me were just the natural way things were, the way things always would be, they weren’t natural at all. They were things that could be changed, and they were things that, more importantly, were wrong and should change, and once I realized that, there was really no going back.
Carl Sagan, Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science|Can you be sure that others have not come before you and destroyed the pristine state of the native myth? Can you be sure that the natives are not humoring you or pulling your leg? Bronislaw Malinowski thought he had discovered a people in the Trobriant Islands who had not worked out the connection between sexual intercourse and childbirth. When asked how children were conceived, they supplied him with an elaborate mythic structure prominently featuring celestial intervention. Amazed, Malinowski objected that was not how it was done at all, and supplied them instead with the version so popular in the West today – including a nine-month gestation period. “Impossible,” replied the Melanesians. “Do you not see that woman over there with her six-month-old child? Her husband has been on an extended voyage to another island for two years.” Is it more likely that the Melanesians were ignorant of the begetting of children or that they were gently chiding Malinowski? If some peculiar-looking stranger came into my town and asked ME where babies came from, I’d certainly be tempted to tell him about storks and cabbages. Prescientific people are people. Individually they are as clever as we are.
Jenn Granneman, The Secret Lives of Introverts: Inside Our Hidden World|Introverts live in two worlds: We visit the world of people, but solitude and the inner world will always be our home.
Christina Dodd, Tongue In Chic|She wished she hadn't succumbed to irritation. Because she wanted to know about his inner feelings. She always thought people were like pieces of art glass-- strong enough to handle and use, delicate enough to shatter under a strong blow, and filled with swirls of color that fascinated the eye. But while most people--and most glass--allowed light through, she could discern nothing of Devlin's heart and soul through the smoke and mirrors he held before him.
Enock Maregesi|Be nice to the environment. Be nice to animals. Be nice to people. If you do that, you will leave a mark on the world.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|When people of similar frequencies come together, output is not a simple sum of individual work, but exponential. In science we term this phenomenon as resonance. Output at this stage is beyond any logical limit.
Deborah Copaken Kogan|Because that was the problem, really, wasn’t it, with being human? You couldn’t just be, couldn’t just live and exist without dragging your feet through the mud. You had to communicate, congregate, collaborate, cohabiate. You had to corroborate. Copulate. You had to co-this, co-that, co—bloody-everything, and if you weren’t co-operating you were operating with the co, which was a declaration less of independence than of relativity. You could only really exist in relation to others.
Charlie Chaplin|Machine men, with machine minds and machine hearts! You are not machines, you are not cattle, you are men! You have the love of humanity in your hearts. You don’t hate: only the unloved hate, the unloved and the unnatural. Soldiers, don’t fight for slavery, fight for liberty! You the people have the power, the power to create machines, the power to create happiness! You the people have the power to make this life free and beautiful, to make this life a wonderful adventure! Then, in the name of democracy, let us use that power. Let us all unite! Let us fight for a new world, a decent world . . .
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|I’m “exceptional”- a democratic term used to avoid the damning labels of “gifted” and “deprived” (which used to mean “bright” and “retarded”) and as soon as “exceptional” begins to mean anything to anyone they’ll change it. The idea seems to be: use an expression as long as it doesn’t mean anything to anybody. “Exceptional” refers to both ends of the spectrum, so all my life I’ve been exceptional.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Love of the Last Tycoon|There’s a writer for you,” he said. “Knows everything and at the same time he knows nothing.” [narrator]It was my first inkling that he was a writer. And while I like writers—because if you ask a writer anything you usually get an answer—still it belittled him in my eyes. Writers aren’t people exactly. Or, if they’re any good, they’re a whole lot of people trying so hard to be one person. It’s like actors, who try so pathetically not to look in mirrors. Who lean backward trying—only to see their faces in the reflecting chandeliers.
Takayuki Yamaguchi, Shigurui 11|No matter how pathetic or pitiful, every human is fated to have one moment in their lives in which they can change their own destiny.
J.C. Watts Jr.|Character is doing the right thing when nobody’s looking. There are too many people who think that the only thing that’s right is to get by,and the only thing that’s wrong is to get caught.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|When we have to change an opinion about any one, we charge heavily to his account the inconvenience he thereby causes us.
Rowan Speedwell, Kindred Hearts|You can't always choose the people you work with, but you can choose to learn how to deal with them. They are all different." - Charles
Esther Verhoef, Close-up|You arrange your life based on what "everyone" thinks of you or what you think they think of you,whoever everyone is...
Ziad K. Abdelnour|Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|I’m learning persistence and the closing of doors, the way the seasons come and go as I keep walking on these roads, back and forth, to find myself in new time zones, new arms with new phrases and new goals. And it hurts to become, hurts to find out about the poverty and gaps, the widow and the leavers. It hurts to accept that it hurts and it hurts to learn how easy it is for people to not need other people. Or how easy it is to need other people but that you can never build a home in someone’s arms because they will let go one day and you must build your own.
William Plomer|It is the function of creative people to perceive relations between thoughts, or things, or forms of expressions that seem utterly different, and to be able to Connect the seemingly Unconnected".
David Foster Wallace, This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life|the patriotic or religious bumper stickers always seem to be on the biggest, most disgustingly selfish vehicles driven by the ugliest, most inconsiderate and aggressive drivers, who are usually talking on cell phones as they cut people off in order to get just twenty stupid feet ahead in the traffic jam...
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|What is certain is this, that I never rested in that way again, my feet obscenely resting on the earth, my arms on the handlebars and on my arms my head, rocking and abandoned. It is indeed a delporable sight, a deplorable example, for the people, who so need to be encouraged, in their bitter toil, and to have before their eyes manifestations of strength only, of courage and joy, without which they might collapse, at the end of the day, and roll on the ground.
Saleem Sharma|Some people make a difference, some people make you different.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|It isn't that I dislike artists, but I can't stand anyone who puts on those ponderous airs of a man of character.
Robert Edison Fulton Jr., One Man Caravan|What manner of people they were only books and other people could tell... and the tale was a long and gory one dating from the dim, conjectural dawn of history. But being human they were as apt to change as mother nature to remain constant.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|I don't feel like a person at all: I am something to be loaded and unloaded, like a sofa or a cuckoo clock. I am something to be tossed into a junkyard, thrown into the river, if necessary. I don't feel real anymore. I feel like I could disappear.
Yanan Melo, Naaalala Niyo Ba Ang Noli Me Tangere?|Our forefathers were heroes. But why were they heroes? Because they fought for democracy. They fought for the life and liberty of the Filipino people. They fought for our independence, our freedom. They fought against tyranny, totalitarianism, and dictatorship. They fought for us and that is something we must be grateful for.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We will never know peace and stability in the world without balance. And we will never know balance without justice for all. Yet, justice exists only where there is fairness and equality -- when every man and country is treated and viewed equally. No country should be given power over another. In addition, no country should be granted privileges that are denied to others. No one country has the authority to decide which country will be embargoed, denied to protect itself, and will be favored based on the weight of their resources. Eliminate the hypocrisy.
Hrishikesh Agnihotri|Some people make you feel worthless. And then there are those who make you feel like a million dollars. Ultimately, it's up to you to decide who you choose to believe.
Emma Donoghue, Room|People move around so much in the world, things get lost.
Megan McCafferty, Charmed Thirds|We're all people", he said simply. "It doesn't matter if you're two, thirty-two, or ninety-two. Everyone wants to be treated with respect. Everyone wants to feel like they matter in this world.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|People lose fifty million skin cells every day. The cells get scraped off and turn into invisible dust, and disappear into the air. Maybe we are nothing but skin cells as far as the world is concerned.
Julian Barnes, England, England|Most people, in my opinion, steal much of what they are. If they didn't what poor items they would be.
Thomas M. Disch, The Brave Little Toaster|It considered trying to explain their error to them, but what would be the use? They would only go away with hurt feelings. You can't always expect people, or squirrels, to be rational.
Rebecca McKinsey, Sydney West|There seem to be two main types of people in the world, crosswords and sudokus.
Libba Bray, Going Bovine|She dances a little jig. "This would make one hell of a TV show, huh?" "Yeah. But no one would believe it." I should let it go. But it's like the hole, like the door, and I have to know. Or at least, I have to ask. "Hey, Dulcie, was any of that real?" ﻿She finishes her dance and the wings come to rest. "Who's to say what's real or not?" "Yeah, but--my barometer on reality, not so good since I started going crazy. "Yeah, well, who but the mad would choose to keep on living? In the end, aren't we all just a little crazy?
Kiran Desai, The Inheritance of Loss|You lived intensely with others, only to have them disappear overnight, since the shadow class was condemned to movement. The men left for other jobs, towns, got deported, returned home, changed names. Sometimes someone came popping around a corner again, or on the subway then they vanished again. Addresses, phone numbers did not hold. The emptiness Biju felt returned to him over and over, until eventually he made sure not to let friendships sink deep anymore.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|Well, very long ago, on the spot where the Wild Wood waves now, before ever it had planted itself and grown up to what it now is, there was a city - a city of people, you know. Here, where we are standing, they lived, and walked, and talked, and slept, and carried on their business. Here they stabled their horses and feasted, from here they rode out to fight or drove out to trade. They were a powerful people, and rich, and great builders. They built to last, for they thought their city would last for ever.
John Webster, The White Devil|What a strange creature is a laughing fool,As if a man were created to no useBut only to show his teeth.
Stacia Kane, Sacrificial Magic|But then, anyone was capable of any manner of atrocities if they wanted something bad enough. People could justify anything to themselves if they wanted it bad enough. No one was immune to that.
David Gemmell, Lion of Macedon|Our souls are but leaves in a storm, and only the gods know where we will come to rest.
Melina Marchetta, Ferragost|We’re not eight kingdoms, but an entire land with one heartbeat. It’s why people like you and I need to record our people’s stories so we can find those moments when our paths cross, and only then will we know true peace.
Farahad Zama, Not All Marriages are Made in Heaven|Oh, Vasu. People always talk; you have to learn to ignore them.
Anne Ursu, Breadcrumbs|She just eyed them coolly, as if they were nothing to her, as if their nothingness surprised and slightly repelled her.
Steven Johnson, Where Good Ideas Come From: The Natural History of Innovation|This is not the wisdom of the crowd, but the wisdom of someone in the crowd. It’s not that the network itself is smart; it’s that the individuals get smarter because they’re connected to the network.
Roy Blount Jr., Long Time Leaving: Dispatches from Up South|Even intellectuals should have learned by now that objective rationality is not the default position of the human mind, much less the bedrock of human affairs.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|It takes all sorts of people to make a world, as I've often heard, but I think there are some who could be spared,' Anne told her reflection in the east gable mirror that night.
Denton Welch, Maiden Voyage|The white cat Sal-al was lying on the straw matting in the empty conservatory. She looked at us with a wicked, conceited expression as if all her appetites had just been satisfied. She was beautiful. Vesta and I both said, "I wish I were a cat!" Before we got to the last word we smiled at each other in annoyance, not liking the idea that most human beings think very much alike.
Rush|Though we might have precious littleIt's still preciousI like that song about this wonderful worldIt's got a sunny point of viewAnd sometimes I feel it's trueAt least for a few of usI like that world, it makes a wonderful songBut there's a darker point of viewBut sadly just as trueFor so many among usThough we might have precious littleIt's still preciousIn the sweetest child there's a vicious streakIn the strongest man there's a child so weakIn the whole wide world there's no magic placeSo you might as well rise put on your bravest faceI like that show where they solve all the murdersAn heroic point of viewIt's got justice and vengeance tooAt least so the story goesI like that story, makes a satisfying caseBut there's a messy point of viewThat's sadly just as trueFor so many among usIn softest voice there's an acid tongueIn the oldest eyes there's a soul so youngIn the shakiest will there's a core of steelOn the smoothest ride there's a squeaky wheelThough we might have precious littleIt's still precious
Théophile Gautier, Mademoiselle de Maupin|I have often been charged with falsehood and hypocrisy, yet there lives not the man who would more gladly than I speak truthfully and lay bare his heart; but as I have not one idea, one feeling in common with the people who surround me, as the very first word I should speak truthfully would cause a general hue and cry, I have preferred to keep silent, or, if I do speak, to utter only stupid commonplaces which everyone has agreed to believe in.
Kedar Joshi|The language of sword is less powerful than the language of word, but most ofthe people understand the language of sword with greater power than thelanguage of word.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|There is no end in India, Mr. Jiabao,as Mr. Ashok so correctly used to say. You'll have to keep paying and paying the fuckers. But I complain about the police the way the rich complain; not the way the poor complain. The difference is everything.
Ariel Leve, It Could Be Worse, You Could Be Me|For Liza, a greeting is an opportunity to make new friends. For me, it's yet more people I'll have to avoid.
Mary Balogh, A Secret Affair|Did everyone make the most ghastly blunders at regularly intervals through their life and live to regret them ever afterward? Was everyone's life filled with confusing and contradictory mix of guilt and innocence, hatred and love, concern and unconcern, and any number of other pairings of polar opposites? Or were most people one thing or the other - good or bad, cheerful or crotchety, generous or miserly, and so on.
Julia Gregson|From the top of the bus she could see the vast bowl of London spreading out to the horizon: splendid shops with mannequins in the window, interesting people and already a much bigger world.
Donna Lynn Hope|No, we aren't civilized, even in our business suits and high heels. People are as mean as ever, and as predictable. Underneath it all, we are not so different from what lurks in the wild, perhaps we're worse.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When it comes to judging individuals, I do not like remarks such as 'too good to be true.' They speak as though one is rewarding the nature of evil. Yet, ironically, we still wonder where all the good people have gone.
Dejan Stojanovic|Some people complain there are too many people on earth, Some people complain about secret societies, Some people accuse others of not being able to wake up early. Almost all people complain about something.
M.F. Moonzajer, The Journalist: Attack on the Central Intelligence Agency|I do not hurt people, they just make me do it.
Arun D. Ellis, Daydream Believers|It’s not the word that’s important, it’s the right to say any word you want to and to form any sentence you want to, that’s the point and once they start to legally restrict what we can say and what we can’t say then we are on a slippery slope to authoritarianism.” “We’re talking about racists,” said Karen. “No one should be allowed to be racist,” said Mark. “But that’s not down to the Government or the courts,” said Rob desperately, “that should be down to us, we should make it difficult for people to be racist, we should frown upon such language and activity, it should be by peer pressure that we stop people from being abusive and unpleasant, not down to the Government.” “Why not?” demanded Karen, “they make the laws so it’s down to them to make the punishments.” “It’s not about punishment,” pressed Rob, “it’s about morality and social conscience, it’s about standing up for what’s right versus moral laziness, it’s about courage versus cowardice.
M.F. Moonzajer|People forget to understand your goodness, teach them something new.
Olivier Magny, Into Wine: An Invitation to Pleasure|For at the end of the day, what matters is never the wine, it's always the moment; it's always the people.
LeeAnn Taylor|Love is large, and so forms the heart that embraces it fully.
Jan Karon, Home to Holly Springs|It was a wonderful life. To have a stage play right in this room, with real people acting real parts.
Bianca Frazier|When one person succeeds, we win as a group of people. Support others dreams so we can all win.
Himmilicious|People pay attention to the things they want to listen, anything that doesn't please them is rubbish.
Samdoss|What we earn in life? People heart? Enemies? Just think, why we live this world? Be pleasant, Be honest, Be peaceful.
ganeshsaidheeraj|physics can be taught , love cant , learn it while you can , earn it when ever possible .
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|Americans no longer talk to each other, they entertain each other. They do not exchange ideas, they exchange images. They do not argue with propositions; they argue with good looks, celebrities and commercials.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Don’t you see? You and he might never cross paths again. Of course, a chance meeting could occur, and I hope it happens. I really do, for your sake. But realistically speaking, you have to see there’s a huge possibility you’ll never be able to meet him again. And even if you do meet, he might already be married to somebody else. He might have two kids. Isn’t that so? And in that case, you may have to live the rest of your life alone, never being joined with the one person you love in all the world. Don’t you find that scary?
Markus Zusak, Underdog|So I saw that there was only me. There was only me who could worry about what was happening here, inside these walls of my life. Other people had their own worlds to worry about, and in the end, they had to fend for themselves, just like us.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|I looked at myself in that window, oblivious to all the people around me and I stared and smiled that particular smile. You know that smile that seems to knock you and tell you how pathetic you are? That's the smile I was smiling.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|People are not taught to be really virtuous, but to behave properly.
Laura Anne Gilman|Manhattan in the morning is a living stream of Purpose; everyone's got a place to be and a problem on their mind. That doesn't mean it's and unfriendly place -- just busy and preoccupied. Personally, I love it. I'm a social creature but there are times and places you just don't want to do more than grunt at your fellow human being.
Kristina Halvorson, Content Strategy for the Web|Quality, relevant content can't be spotted by an algorithm. You can't subscribe to it. You need people - actual human beings - to create or curate it.
Herman Cain, This Is Herman Cain!: My Journey to the White House|There are generally three kinds of people in the world. People who make things happen, people who watch things happen, and people who say, what in the heck happened.
Dean Koontz, Watchers|people have a natural tendency to anthropomorphize their pets, to ascribe human perceptions and intentions to the animal where none exist
Michael D. O'Brien, The Father's Tale|Yet he saw that in all places there was originality, resulting from the human efforts at decoration and ingenious methods of survival.
Michael Paterniti, Driving Mr. Albert: A Trip Across America with Einstein's Brain|Only occasionally can you glimpse through the embrasures of an otherwise perfectly polite person to see the cannons aimed out, only in a certain glint of light do the eyeteeth become fangs. We are driven by desire and fear. Only in our solitary hungers do we find ourselves capable of the most magnificently unexpected sins.
A. Saleh|When people starts to enjoy a writer's pen, he becomes a legend even if his stories are neither long nor publicly surrounded by expectations.
Frederick Weisel, Teller|People are complicated,” she said. “Didn’t they teach you that in biography school?
Kathleen Winter, Annabel|…People are rivers, always ready to move from one state of being into another. It is not fair, to treat people as if they are finished beings. Everyone is always becoming and unbecoming.
Anna Godbersen, Beautiful Days|Interesting" people were her favorite hobby. She collected them: the type who did gay things late at night and smoked cigarettes in mixed company, those would have most scandalized her own mother.
Hannah Vandegrift|Everyone's crazy, but few show it.
Steven D. Levitt, SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes And Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance|Are people innately altruistic?" is the wrong kind of question to ask. People are people, and they respond to incentives. They can nearly always be manipulated--for good or ill--if only you find the right levers.
Joyce Cary, The Horse's Mouth|You take a straight tip from the stable, Cokey, if you must hate, hate the government or the people or the sea or men, but don't hate an individual person. Who's done you a real injury. Next thing you know he'll be getting into your beer like prussic acid; and blotting out your eyes like a cataract and screaming in your ears like a brain tumour and boiling round your heart like melted lead and ramping though your guts like a cancer. And a nice fool you'd look if he knew. It would make him laugh till his teeth dropped out; from old age.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|The human animal began as a mere wriggling thing in the ancient seas, struggling out onto land with many regrets. That is what brings us so full of longing to the sea.
Rosecrans Baldwin, You Lost Me There|The idea being that if I was so incredibly small, then I could do almost anything, because what impact would I have, really? What damage could be done, being so puny in the big scheme?
Andrew  Abrahams|In this funny debut, flashy Filipino fashion designer Boy Hernandez sees his American dream become a nightmare when he’s ensnared in a terrorist plot and shipped to Guantanamo. Gilvarry nails the couture scene, but Boy’s rough journey from Manolo to Gitmo is no joke.
Solange nicole|Sometimes I fear that even as a People when we take one step forward, we reel backwards ten times fold. I don't even think on the Precipice of Change will we truly move forward... It will most definitely take a Miracle.
Rasmenia Massoud, Human Detritus|Lucius didn’t believe in werewolves. He said that people were too horrible for any other monsters to exist, which he thought was a shame.
Helen Fox|The man was staring directly at him now, a curious expression on his face, half smiling, half quizzical. Instantly Eager had a sense of certainty far deeper than anything he had experienced so far. "I have it too!" he exclaimed. "I am a part of this Earth, aren't I? Just like the birds and the trees and the people - I am.""Om." said his companion.Unseen by them, a blossom fell.
Lawrence H. Keeley, War Before Civilization: The Myth of the Peaceful Savage|Our common humanity, viewed realistically, can be as much a source of despair as hope.
Gustave Le Bon, The Crowd: A Study of the Popular Mind|In the case of everything that belongs to the realm of sentiment, religion, politics, morality, the affections, and antipathies, etc. The most eminent men seldom surpass the standard of the most ordinary individuals.
John Hannah|Funny how nobody talks on the tubes, isn't it? I rarely catch the tube myself, or lifts. Confined spaces, everybody shuts down. Why is that? Perhaps we think everybody on the tube is a potential psychopath or a drunk,so we close down and pretend to read a book or something.
D.J. Weaver|Our stories always contain average, ordinary people. They are the most unsuspecting victims of all.
Toba Beta|On a visit or vacation to Toba Lake,you may say 'Horas' to Batak people,when we meet, visit and shake hands.
John H. Patterson|An executive is a person who always decides; sometimes he decides correctly, but he always decides.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|Imagine all the people you meet in your life. There are so many. They come in like waves, trickling in and out with the tide. Some waves are much bigger and make more of an impact than others. Sometimes the waves bring with them things from deep in the bottom of the sea and they leave those things tossed onto the shore. Imprints against the grains of sand that prove the waves had once been there, long after the tide recedes.That was what Atlas was telling me when he said “I love you.” He was letting me know that I was the biggest wave he’d ever come across. And I brought so much with me that my impressions would always be there, even when the tide rolled out.
Mahrukh|When I knew people, I knew me and when I knew me, I knew people.
Charbel Tadros|Some people are not meant to live together, for they will destroy one another and annihilate themselves. Wolves and sheep cannot be put in the same place, for after eating the sheep, the wolves will starve to death.
Greg Dutilly|Remember to honor the hand which reached out for you when you needed it, by being that hand to someone else who is struggling.
Lisa Maxwell, The Last Magician|But then, people usually do miss what's right in front of them.
Jo Nesbø, The Thirst|Harry doesn't like people, you see." "I do like people," Harry said. "I just don't like being with them. Particularly when there's a lot of them at the same time.
Charmaine J Forde|The more you do for people, the less grateful they become, but don’t let that deter your sincere spirit of giving.
Katherine Mansfield, Je ne parle pas français|I do not know why I have such a fancy for this little café. It's dirty and sad, sad. It's not as if it had anything to distinguish it from a hundred others–it hasn't; or as if the same strange types came here every day, whom one could watch from one's corner and recognize and more or less (with a strong accent on the less) get the hang of.But pray don't imagine that those brackets are a confession of my humility before the mystery of the human soul. Not at all; I don't believe in the human soul. I never have. I believe that people are like portmanteaux–packed with certain things, started going, thrown about, tossed away, dumped down, lost and found, half emptied suddenly, or squeezed fatter than ever, until finally the Ultimate Porter swings them on to the Ultimate Train and away they rattle. . . .
Nina Hrusa|When you're taking photographs of people, creating the “perfect scenery” is always secondary. It's much more important to capture the emotions. Especially when there's true love.
Steven Magee|In western societies many people become sick in their thirties, develop serious medical conditions in their forties and are disabled in their fifties.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Well, I admit it. I’m a people addict, and I don’t want to quit!
Akansh Malik|Thoughts control your feelings, and people around you control your thoughts.
Latika Teotia|You don’t have to feel disappointed with yourself for not being able to alleviate the suffering of others. There are some things that are just beyond us. But what lies within our reach is to empathize, to love, to try very hard to be a good companion, a good listener and above all a good human being. That’s what we can do and that is what we must do. Sincerely love those who need us and show genuine care to them. Commit yourself a hundred percent to your relationship- give it all that you have. If you can do this you have done enough and that should give you a sense of satisfaction.
Enock Maregesi|If a leader for the right reasons is blessed by God, even the people he leads will be blessed by God as well. But if the leader is cursed by God because of iniquity, even the people he leads will be cursed as well.
Latika Teotia|People try to get off the hook by giving excuses. Actually the reason why they are doing that is to try and get rid of the guilt which invariably accompanies such acts. They are trying to lessen their burden by passing on the responsibility on to others. They mix up excuse with reason. An excuse is an excuse and most certainly not a reason.. Be careful while accepting excuses because you may unwittingly take on responsibilities which were not yours in the first place.There’s another type of excuse- the one you give to yourself. You don’t want to get up early in the morning, or you don’t feel like exercising, or you don’t want to mow the lawn and so on, therefore you will try and justify your action on the pretext that you slept late or couldn’t sleep properly or you have some imaginary ailment or the sky is overcast etc. Actually you are trying to get rid of that guilty feeling of not doing what you ought to have done.
Latika Teotia|Loyalty begins with your own self. Be loyal to yourself, to your feelings, desires and demands of your soul. Start by following a small dictum- “Do unto others what you wish to be done by (others to you)” and you will realize how clearly you can see and how simple your life becomes. It’s a double edged weapon, you will set standards for your behavior with others and will expect no less from them either; it will also make you reasonable as well as realistic because you won’t expect the moon from others while you are not ready to do even half as much. In the past you may have bent backwards to please others, moulded yourself to suit their needs because you were too meek to stand up for your own self. You never thought of self love, your desire to grow and attain self fulfillment. Not anymore. You must be assertive, be firm and above all be loyal to yourself. If it doesn’t suit others, then so be it. They were never meant to be your fellow travelers, they were parasites who only wanted to use you, and having done that discard you when you had served their purpose. There was no ‘mutuality’ about such relationship. Be loyal to yourself and to others who are on the same wave length as you.
Hannah Arendt, Men in Dark Times|the world and the people who inhabit it are not the same. The world lies between people, and this in-between – much more than (as is often thought) men or even man – is today the object of the greatest concern and the most obvious upheaval in almost all the countries of the globe. Even where the world is still halfway in order, or is kept halfway in order, the public realm has lost the power of illumination which was originally part of its very nature. More and more people in the countries of the Western world, which since the decline of the ancient world has regarded freedom from politics as one of the basic freedoms, make use of this freedom and have retreated from the world and their obligations within it. This withdrawal from the world need not harm an individual; he may even cultivate great talents to the point of genius and so by a detour be useful to the world again. But with each such retreat an almost demonstrable loss to the world takes place; what is lost is the specific and usually irreplaceable in-between which should have formed between this individual and his fellow men.
Dragotel Viorica|Many times people are just like a food dish...Some of them look so attractive, so colourful but while you taste them, you sense a bad taste after just one or few spoons...Other  look so unattractive...so uninvitating but while chew it you simply discover amazing flavours...
Mahrukh|Appreciate who accompany, let go who leave. People who surround are ultimate wealth.
Len Deighton, SS-GB|Why do these people love you, Archer? Is it simply because you show little or no response to their affection?
Robert  Black|Human beings will be remembered as the race who tried to destroy everything they did not understand. People, animals, plants, even the giant ball they called home.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|With his release imminent, Knight seems more unsettled than ever. He scratches furiously at his knees. Jail, he's realized, might not be all bad. There's routine and order in jail, and he's able to click into a survival mode that is not too dissimilar, in terms of steeliness of mental state, to the one he'd perfected during winters in the woods. "I'm surrounded in here by less than desirable people," he says, "but at least I wasn't thrown into the waters of society and expected to swim.
Anthony  Ryan, Queen of Fire|What do you think the world is if not just an endless parade of madness? To make war is madness. To seek power is madness." She laughed louder, throwing her arms wide. "And madness is glorious!
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Things go wrong, worst happens, you curse your life, luck doesn’t follow, good deeds aren’t just in your destiny, bad people ruins your routine. I have seen people surrounded by these all repeatedly to which I always question the philosophers and motivational speakers ‘Have you researched enough when you said life is all about sadness & happiness?’.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|His chief form of entertainment was reading. The last moments he was in a cabin were usually spent scanning bookshelves and nightstands. The life inside a book always felt welcoming to Knight. It pressed no demands on him, while the world of actual human interactions was so complex. Conversations between people can move like tennis games, swift and unpredictable. There are constant subtle visual and verbal cues, there's innuendo, sarcasm, body language, tone. Everyone occasionally fumbles an encounter, a victim of social clumsiness. It's part of being human.To Knight, it all felt impossible. His engagement with the written word might have been the closest he could come to genuine human encounters. The stretch of days between thieving raids allowed him to tumble into the pages, and if he felt transported he could float in bookworld, undisturbed, for as long as he pleased.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|It's possible that Knight believed he was one of the few sane people left. He was confounded by the idea that passing the prime of your life in a cubicle, spending hours a day at a computer, in exchange for money, was considered acceptable, but relaxing in a tent in the woods was disturbed. Observing the trees was indolent; cutting them down was enterprising. What did Knight do for a living? He lived for a living.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Since everyone on the earth can’t be a celebrity in their respective field, half of the people are given ‘Realization of life’ attitude (Life is what it is) and many in the rest are bestowed ‘Success is Satisfaction’ (We should be happy in who we are) standpoint. I wonder where these approaches came from as it works on 99% of the so-called ‘Normal People’ here.
Melody J. Bremen, The Boy Who Painted the World|I’d figured out that it wasn’t just about food and shelter. Obviously, that was important, butit was the people that I met, the people who made a difference, that kept me going.That made my world.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|The word we. We are not one people but many different people. How can one person speak for this great, beautiful race--which is not one race but many, with a million desires and hopes and wished for ourselves and our children?
Ratish Edwards|A lot of bad things happen around me, some people think bad, some say bad, some do bad and some wish bad. And I am scared all the time not because of them but for the fact that some day I will one of them. Being good is tough but staying good is tougher.
Ratish Edwards|People come and go, some stay for a while some leave soon. But when they go they take away the memories, promises, dreams and a part of my life.
Ratish Edwards|Loving someone who never loved you, is like remembering a face you never saw.No matter how hard you try, result never changes.
Benny Bellamacina, THE SCOOTER FIVE | rhyming book 1 | strawberry bees|People are like the waves, all similar, none the same
Harrish Sairaman|When you change, people may not believe in it initially as they are still viewing you from their old lens.
Rivka Galchen, American Innovations: Stories|Sometimes failing is what's needed. I think it can put people in a good mood, to see someone fail. Let people entertain themselves. I think that's one of the reasons people are so lonely in this country. Because they always have to rush out and have someone else in the room entertain them. It's terrible, the loneliness here. People live in coffins...
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|To be relevant, you must seek knowledge.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|No matter how far I try to travel from people, people always appear. Either they follow me, or they're already there, and I followed them, unwittingly.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|I have always loved being behind the camera. I love how it sets you apart in a crowd, so that you can float at the edges, pausing only occasionally to capture a moment.In its own way it’s easier than writing. As a writer, I have to know people, to talk to them, to barge into silences with a dozen of those little lighthearted quips that lead up to a conversation. And even then, they’re guarded around you. Nobody wants their drunken conversation written down somewhere.Being a photographer is different. People come to you. They smile. They flirt. They make sure you see only their best side. Nobody wants to upset the camera.
Dorothy Gilman, The Elusive Mrs. Pollifax|the problems changed, but people were the same
Deyth Banger|I gave you my scenario by which I play, but you can't play my character forever, can ya?...I am reader..I read 28 books at onceI like to listen music I spend hours on darkstep/dubstep and deathstepI read a lotI study peopleI have what to sayI have potential
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|here was a particular kind of energy in those early days, something I've only really found in startups. The regulars - the boring 9-to-5 people - haven’t invaded the world yet. All around you are people who practically buzz with mental adrenaline - the kind of people who sneer at words like policy and dress code and fill the office at nights with pizza and bad jokes and the relentless tip-tack-clack of keyboards. They push boundaries, turn small ideas into game-changers and small arguments into fistfights.No company can last forever this way: it’s a bit like being in a cage. Eventually the strange ones move out and give way to order and conformity and all the things that make for a smoothly operating machine. But that brief chaos is what really gives a company its soul.
Paula Hawkins, Into the Water|We tell our stories differently, don't we, you and I?
Marty Rubin|The thread connecting one person, one event, to another exists only in the imagination.
James Rozoff|My problem as a writer is that—whenever I meet someone for the first time—I immediately invent for them a personality and background that are invariably more interesting than the ones they possess. And confirming this character to be uninteresting after a few minutes of conversation, I decide that they are unnecessary to my story and begin devising ways to kill them off.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|People spend way too much time with hatred, jealousy, and drama when kindness is so easy. Grab a hold of the good things in life; they’ll take you to places you’ve never been.
Stefan Zackariat|It's not pretty, but it's veracious.
Petek Kabakci|SENSES, APPEARANCE, ESSENCE and EXISTENCEThe world we see with our senses is very different than the world we see through our essence. Our senses perceive the world of appearance. Our essence perceives the deeper layers of existence. The first step of perceiving the world of essence is to have no goal other than to understand. "Understanding" has to be the ultimate goal. Only then, can we solve the problems.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|People are never going to act exactly like we want them to. So if we stop expecting things from others, we’ll find peace in our hearts that will last a lifetime.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|If we think about each other’s feelings, then we’re never alone.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|Sometimes God takes people out of our lives for a period of time. Sometimes we need to adjust, appreciate, and reach an understanding of just how important they were to us. And sometimes it’s right at that moment when God brings them back in our heart.
Erik Pevernagie|Let’s watch out for the unpredictability and the wildcat jumps of contrarian people, whose sole interests are soaring targets at high-speed, at all costs and without any consideration. Perceptive understanding may help us discover the hidden actualities behind the ‘appearances’. .("Mama. Meine Bäume wachsen bis in den Himmel")
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Not all people are 'people', some are more and some are less. But only those who listen intently with their hearts will recognise them for what they are.
Vironika Tugaleva|Don't let your fear of criticism suffocate your leadership potential. Once you begin to speak your truth, you will discover the people who have been waiting for someone exactly like you. Until you speak up, all you need is the faith that they exist. And I promise you: they do.
Felice Stevens, The Shape of You|You need to stop this defeatist aura around you. When you project sadness, you push people away.
Anthony T. Hincks|When people wind you up, just remind them what happens to a piece of elastic.
Anthony T. Hincks|Only poor people are corrupt. If you don't believe me, just go and ask a rich person.
Anthony T. Hincks|People said that I was crazy, but I wasn't.I was just different.
Karl Wiggins, GRIT The Banter and Brutality of the Late-Night Cab|They drain you sometimes. They really do. "What's it all about then mate? What's the secret of life? You should know. You're a fucking cab driver." Yeah, right. (As if I'll learn the secret of life talking to arseholes like you all night). "Got any saucepan lids, mate? I've got two. I hate them. Bastards, they are. Ruined my life. I hate the bastards."I keep quiet "Don't try and rip us off, mate. I've got a key between my knuckles." (Whatever). The life of a cab driver. Glimpses into other people's lives.
Akansh Malik|Some people meet you for a reason, while others meet you to stay there in your life.
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|I want more from life. I want to travel, see the world, and meet different kinds of people. I don’t want to stay locked in a small country, living my life halfheartedly the way society expects me to live it. I want to experience things and live to the fullest so I won’t have any regrets. I want more, so much more than they do, and they simply can’t understand it.
Petek Kabakci|SENSES, APPEARANCE, ESSENCE and EXISTENCEThe world we see with our senses are very different than the world we see through our essence. Our senses perceive the world of appearance. Our essence perceive the deeper layers of existence. The first step of perceiving the world of essence is not to have any goal other than to understand. "Understanding" has to be the ultimate goal. Then, we can solve the problems.
C. JoyBell C.|We all have thorns in our flesh. All of us. Love is when we stay and help someone pluck out their thorns one-by-one and they do the same for us. Love is also when we pluck the thorns out of our own flesh, one-by-one. But today, the world teaches us that we shouldn’t even see those thorns, that we should only see the petals. As a result, we don’t know how to love ourselves and we don’t know how to love others. Stay with the darkness, and bring that darkness into the light. It’s there, look at it.
Elizabeth Strout, Anything Is Possible|People always kept moving, her mother had said, it's the American way. Moving west, moving south, marrying up, marrying down, getting divorced - but moving...
Dada Bhagwan|Wealthy people build palaces with nine floors. At the time of their departure (dying), the palace jests with them, ‘You are going and here we remain standing!’ The palaces are not the only palaces, are they? The wife, the children – they are all palaces indeed!
Dada Bhagwan|People do not know what good deeds are. It is udaya karma,unfolding effects of past karma; that makes them do the deeds. The prakruti, the relative self, forces them to do them. What is your own thing [effort] in that? Doing good deeds; that too is mandatory (farajiyat)!
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|I drink beer not to get drunk or because i have stress, i drink beer just because i want to share good ideas with the real men, real people. you cannot be real and wise man, if you don't take alcohol.
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|if someone dies, people say that they loved him even if he was not good person so they start cunning to his family as if he will know it, why don't you keep your mandibles off?
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|People of this era are just like a butterfly that is controlled by candles' light where it follows the light in darkness without knowing where it is going to be destined similar to the people, they just insist on believing things that cannot be physically proven instead of doing what can make them to develop and successful, they just waste their time on beliefs (religious).
Jay Woodman|...notice all the many beautiful things, nature, your own soul, stuff other people do.... like help out, smile, create, dance...
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|I was kind of tired, I guess, of knowing people are flesh. Flesh and water.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The most dangerous people in the world are not the tiny minority instigating evil acts, but those who do the acts for them – for a paycheck. To act without a conscience, but for a paycheck, makes anyone a dangerous animal. The devil would be powerless if he couldn’t entice people to do his work. So as long as money continues to seduce the hungry, the hopeless, the broken, the greedy, and the needy, there will always be war between people.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|I wasn't sure if it was safe for me to be sharing time and space with other people, who all seemed so much gentler and safer and less of a secret to themselves than I felt I was.
Nâzım Hikmet, Poems of Nazım Hikmet|Believe in seeds, earth, and the sea, but in people above all. Love clouds, machines, and books, but people above all. Grievefor the withering branch, the dying star,and the hurt animal, but feel for people above all.Rejoice in all the earth's blessings-darkness and light, the four seasons, but people abov
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|Since i was born, i have realized that; all things that people do in this world are mostly based on the lies of their grand grand parents.
Anthony T. Hincks|If I have to mourn for only ONE person,Then I choose EVERYONE.
Shayne Colaco, Nightmare|I can see the cracks in society, in people, in this world and I'd rather die before slipping into one of them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Sometimes, people don’t need our homes to live in or our bodies to lean on. All they need are our hands to lift them up.
Dada Bhagwan|Don’t some people say, ‘You did not value me’? What value did you have at all? Go ask the ocean, ‘what is my worth?’ You will be swept away with one wave. The owner of many waves has swept away many a people like you! Worth is in those people who have no attachment-abhorrence.
Dada Bhagwan|What harm does lying cause? One loses people’s trust. And once one loses trust, he becomes worthless.
Dada Bhagwan|People say, 'that bump caused me to trip', but the bump says, 'I am where I have always been. It's the wretched ones who can't see, they come my way and trip over!
Dada Bhagwan|When Boredom comes, it is the time during which discovery is to be made. That is the time during which real effort (purushartha) can be made. But instead, people push it aside.
Dada Bhagwan|A king will say 'I killed thousands of people'. He is simply doing egoism; he is taking pleasure in taking credit of doership (garva ras). They were killed by those who were on the battle field. Why does the king needlessly take on the liability [of new karmic causes]? In doing so, those who did the killing are set free. The rule is that the liability falls upon the one doing egosim [of doerhip].
Dada Bhagwan|People make you retract spoken words but they do not understand [know] that speech is a record, so how can anyone retract it?
Dada Bhagwan|People on the worldly path, to them ‘we’ say, ‘Practice complete honesty. If you cannot do that, then practice honesty within principle of limits. If you cannot do that and if you practice dishonesty, do it within limits. This principle is indeed what will take you further ahead.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, it is not possible to forget about obligation of these three people: father, mother and guru; the one who has made us walk on the correct path.
Frankie Boyle, My Shit Life So Far|My uncle would have about ten pints some nights and then drive us all home. I guess the feeling was that we weren't going to crash into anyone, because barely any fucker lived there.
Steven Magee|The biggest enemy of western people is not war or terrorism, it is their own governments lack of regulation of public health and safety.
Steven Magee|When the police willfully break the law on video and then deny the event in writing, you know that you are dealing with a blatantly corrupt group of people.
Jeffrey Fry|Most people fail not necessarily because who they are, but whom they are with.
Emily Barr, The One Memory of Flora Banks|Although I don't know much about anything, I know that I have a story. I know that it is not over. There are shades and shadows of adventures and people and wild new places. Whatever Paris might turn out to be, and whatever Dr. Epstein is able to do, I want to be there to find out.
Sami Abouzid|People, who do so little for you, always try to ruin your life
Melanie Sargsian, Lovember: A Collection of Short Love Stories|People do change, sometimes we just choose not to notice it.
Ron Baratono|It's always the people who strive to find, and tell you about one of your imperfections, that want to feel one step above you. The truth is their ten steps below you with nothing better to say.
Katherine Mansfield, Stories|I thought how true it was that the world was a delightful place if it were not for the people, and how more than true it was that people were not worth troubling about, and that wise men should set their affections upon nothing smaller than cities, heavenly or otherwise, and countrysides which are always heavenly.
Steven Magee|With the development of utility electricity for the masses in the 1900's, very few people realize that a new era of sickness and disease was unleashed that are collectively called radiation sickness.
Steven Magee|I routinely inform people when I meet them that I am like a real life version of Dory the fish, as I am very forgetful and have problems tracking conversations.
John   Kramer, Blythe|Some people are anchored to this world by their feet, others by their fears.
Stefan Bachmann, A Drop of Night|Once people see you cry, it's like they own part of you. It's like you ripped a hole in yourself, and they saw through whatever armor you had on, got a good long view of all the screaming alien goop underneath.
Avijeet Das|Life is truly lived only when we discover other faiths, festivals, languages and cultures.
Simon Mashalla|I have never seen a strong and better weapon as truth. When you are honest you will just love it. People are afraid of the truth because of its sharpness, that’s why they’re liars.
C.L. Currie|Everything in the universe is a work of art. Every living creature a story. You should hang out in a museum or art gallery sometime and listen to the comments and conversations. They’re no different than any other time or anywhere else. Existence is art.” (Derek in "The Supernatural Prodigy")
Gift Gugu Mona|The reason why we need love more than street lights is because love illuminates the world, no matter the time of day. Where there is no love, even with street lights on, the world would still be lost in the darkness of hatred.
Katherine Mansfield, The Singing Lesson|Everything about her was sweet, pale like honey. You would not have been surprised to see a bee caught in the tangles of that yellow hair.
Christina Engela, The Pink Community - The Facts|Rise of Science DenialismThe problem is, in a world where some people (even in the USA, where someone like Donald Trump was allowed to rise to the level of a serious presidential candidate in 2016) have descended to such levels of ignorance that science itself is dismissed by leaders, political and religious as ‘an agenda’, and frightening numbers of people cling to ignorance and superstition because it suits their conservative anti-human rights views and objectives.
D.S. Mashego|People will oppose your progress. They will remind you of your past failures, belittle you, etc. The only way to stand against such opposition and belittling is to knowthe reason for your existence.
Sami Abouzid|Always think that there will be no one there for you, cause in a rainy day the percentage of people that will not be willing to help you 99.9 %.
Timur Vermes, Er ist wieder da|What irritates me most of all about these morning people is their horribly good temper, as if they have been up for three hours and already conquered France. Particularly since the vast majority of them, in spite of rising so appallingly early, have performed anything but great deeds. In Berlin I have time and again met people who make no secret of the fact that their only reason for stirring at such an ungodly hour of the morning is so that they can leave the office earlier in the afternoon. I have suggested to several of these eight-hour logicians that they ought to start work at ten o'clock at night, thereby allowing them to leave at six in the morning and perhaps even arrive home before it is time to get up. Some even took this for a serious suggestion. In my opinion, only bakers need to work early in the morning.
Rosario Morales, Getting Home Alive|How do you mourn endless numbers of people in endless numbers of places? Is there a form for it, a requisite time and place for mourning? Is there ever an end to it? Can there ever be an end to it?
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|People forget how vulnerable they are despite their shirts and shoes and briefcases, how this hungry and cruel world could strip them, put them in the same position as my beggars.
Simon Mashalla|When I was born I was loved and feared, people played with me but I never played with them. I loved them.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|Look at that crowd', he said disgustedly. 'They think it's a circus.''And not a single coin are they donating', said Dina.'That's not surprising. Pity can only be shown in small doses. When so many beggars are in one place, the public goes like this' - he put his fists to his eyes, like binoculars.
Cindy L. Rodriguez|I care about you as people, and I believe you are capable of great things. Each of you will contribute something to this world. You are important. You would be missed.
Gift Gugu Mona|The reason why people do not have price tags is, because life is priceless.
Brian  Doyle, Chicago|The coolest most amazing people I have met in my life, I said, are the ones who are not very interested in power or money, but who are very interested in laughter and courage and grace under duress and holding hands against the darkness, and finding new ways to solve old problems, and being attentive and tender and kind to every sort of being, especially dogs and birds, and of course children.
Hilaire Belloc, On Nothing and Kindred Subjects|You know (to adopt the easy or conversational style) that you and I belong to a happy minority. We are the sons of the hunters and the wandering singers, and from our boyhood nothing ever gave us greater pleasure than to stand under lonely skies in forest clearings, or to find a beach looking westward at evening over unfrequented seas. But the great mass of men love companionship so much that nothing seems of any worth compared with it. Human communion is their meat and drink, and so they use the railways to make bigger and bigger hives for themselves.
Ale3ia|Λαθράνθρωπος, οι = ἂνθρωπος/οι, που λαθραῖα συν~κατα~λέγονται στο εἲδος των ἀνθρῶπων ~ Lathranthrope, Lathranthropes = the person or persons that get smuggled into being included within the Human species neology by Ale3ia
Ale3ia|Λαθρανθρωπία = το να συν~κατα~λέγεται λαθραῖα ἒνα ἂτομο/α, στο εἲδος των ἀνθρῶπων.~ Lathranthropia = the smuggled inclusion of a person or persons within the Human species. neology by Ale3ia
Susannah Clapp, A Card from Angela Carter|The crime rates would go right down, I think, if Americans stopped saying: 'Have a nice day,' to one another. At least it would stop me from contemplating violence; when people in shops & so on order me to have a nice day in this authoritarian way, I want to kill, kill, kill. When I mutter 'sod off' under my breath, they think it is a Russian Orthodox benediction.
James Frazee, The Mosquito Bites|What if the mosquitos are converting the pesticide to a weak form of pyrethrums, a poison to people?
Mary-Ellen Peters|Pain makes people warriors, you just have to hurt enough!
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|It's weird how much people change...It's kind of sad, if you think about it. Like there's no continuity in people at all. Like something ruptures when you hit twelve, or thirteen, or whatever the age is when you're no longer a kid but a "young adult", and after that you're a totally different person. Maybe even a less happy person. Maybe even a worse one.
Anthony T. Hincks|In a dog's world,would we be his best friend?
Jennifer Trussel-Bagley|Which is worse? What people think about you, or that they don't think about you?
D.S. Mashego|Although these negative statements that we speak over people’s lives are ‘simple English’, they tend to be sticky and their damage is huge. Sometimes, these negative words or statements can have lasting adverse effect on the life of an individual.
D.S. Mashego|To remain far-sighted, you need to surround yourselfwith far-sighted visionaries. You need to surround yourself with people who think like you. You needto surround yourself with people who speak the same language as you. You need to surround yourself with people who fight and refuse to give up on theirdestiny. You need to surround yourself with people whose testimonies give you reasons to press on.
D.S. Mashego|To remain far-sighted, you need to surround yourselfwith far-sighted visionaries. You need to surroundyourself with people who think like you. You needto surround yourself with people who speak the same language as you. You need to surround yourselfwith people who fight and refuse to give up on theirdestiny. You need to surround yourself with people whose testimonies give you reasons to press on.
C. JoyBell C.|You know what a supernova is? It's a dead star. And yet, it is the most beautiful specimen in the universe. Lots of people are supernovas but don't know it, they think that they're dead; they don't know that they're beautiful.
Dan Ariely, Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions|Understand that relativity is everywhere, and that we view everything through its lens - rose-colored or otherwise. When you meet someone in a different country or city and it seems that you have magical connection, realize that the enchantment might be limited to the surrounding circumstances.
Anthony T. Hincks|I'd prefer to be alone by myself,than alone in a room full of people.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|Visionless people are prone to harm and trouble, because they always follow any path and end anyhow.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you don't believe in yourself,How can you ever believe in another?
Stephen Emond|You're talking about the whole 'completing each other' thing, and I hate that. It's such Hollywood bullshit. We don't complete each other - no two people do. We just highlight what's missing. We're just two incomplete people.
Elan Mastai, All Our Wrong Todays|I remember, as a kid, when I first understood that only half of every tree is visible, that the roots in the soil are equal to the branches in the sky, that a whole other half is underground. It took me a lot longer, well into adulthood, to realize people are like that too.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|Nostalgia washes over me with tons of memors and lifetime rolled on this land. Every oblivious memory from the childhood wraps open in the fragrance of these busy roads and familiar land, long signals, irritating traffic,honking cars,rushing people,excessive pollution defining Delhi at its best.
Val Uchendu|It is only with the heart that one can see, hear and feel clearly. Think of an image, music or movie that moves you. Things that we truly love touch our heart before our head analyzes them away. Once we think we understand them, they disappear... It is because simple things in life are invisible, inaudible and insensible to an analytical mind and an undiscerning heart. Let your heart hear the music -- be moved by images, people and places... for that makes you more alive than others.
Enock Maregesi|Write as much as you can. Read as much as you can. Use the library and the internet carefully for research and talk to people about things that matter. If you have an idea in your head talk it to people as a normal conversation, to get their natural opinions. And don’t forget to jot down discreetly any new ideas you get from people. God may use other people to convey messages to you, that may add more information to the ideas you already have.
Sunday Adelaja|You must stop been so carnal and learn to say no to people, if it concerns the things of God
Val Uchendu|It is only with the heart that one can see, hear and feel clearly. Think of an image, music or movie that moves you. Things that we truly love touches our heart before our head analyzes them away. Once we think we understand them, they disappear... It is because simple things in life are invisible, inaudible and insensible to an analytical mind and an undiscerning heart. Let your heart hear the music -- be moved by images, people and places... for that makes you more alive than others.
Val Uchendu|It is only with the heart that one can see, hear and feel clearly. Think of an image, music or movie that moves you. Things that we truly love touch our heart before our head analyze them away. Once we think we understand them, they disappear... It is because simple things in life are invisible, inaudible and insensible to an analytical mind and an undiscerning heart. Let your heart hear the music -- be moved by images, people and places... for that makes you more alive than others.
Jawwad Zafar|In this avaricious world, even a beggar needs money in his bowl, to be heard.
Jeffrey Fry|People are usually more interested in what is new, rather than what is better.
Sunday Adelaja|Great people become great due to the framework, routines and habits they have set for themselves
Sunday Adelaja|Accept yourself in the way you were created by God, do not anyone else
Sunday Adelaja|Unfortunately, our society is a victim of such a world system which does not encourage people to live consciously and become who they were called to be
Sunday Adelaja|Nobody is paying attention to the fact that first of all, a man has to build himself and become a personality
Sunday Adelaja|Our children and grand-children will not make us people, their availability does not make us different from animal
Sunday Adelaja|If a person refuses to develop his potential, it can lead to nervous or mental disorders, somatic diseases and personal degradation
Abigail Thomas, What Comes Next and How to Like It|After all, there are those people we like and dislike, there are those people we love, and then there are those we recognize. These are the unbreakable connections.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|We hold all people to unspoken rules about who and how they should be, how they should think, and what the should say. We say we hate stereotypes but take issue when people deviate from those stereotypes.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|We all have the capacity to do hurtful things, but we differ from one another in terms of scale-how much we can hurt others, how far we will go to make a statement about our beliefs, how remorseful we might feel in the aftermath of committing a terrible act.
George Saunders, Lincoln in the Bardo|This, it occurred to me, this was the undisciplined human community that, fired by its dull collective wit, now drove the armed nation towards it knew-not-what sort of epic martial cataclysm: a massive flailing organism with all the rectitude and foresight of an untrained puppy.--In the private letters of Albert Sloane, by permission of the Sloane family.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to make our gifts perfect, you need to work on yourself but it hurts
Sunday Adelaja|Rich people don’t work for money, but work passionately until the end of their lives
Sunday Adelaja|If a man realizes who he is, he will not react to the negative things surrounding him
Sunday Adelaja|That person in the mirror is just the outside, your earth suit; the real you resides on the inside
Sunday Adelaja|In our dynamic age, the speed of motion is increasing
Sunday Adelaja|People are busy creating families, building businesses, working from morning until night but they don’t know what it is to live a full life
Sunday Adelaja|When you realize your purpose, it brings understanding deep within you
Sunday Adelaja|Each of us has our own unique traits, but we need them to fulfil our destiny
Sunday Adelaja|In our age, the problems that needs to be solved are growing in number and business of life is overpowering
Sunday Adelaja|Unfortunately, people seldom think about the purpose they were uniquely designed to fulfil and don’t ask question of who they are or what their identity is
Sunday Adelaja|Our time is limited, so do not waste it living someone else’s life
Sunday Adelaja|If you know who you are, this knowledge will attract people in all types of situation and circumstances to support your intentions and ideas
Jeffrey Fry|In times of great chaos, people tend to follow a man with a plan.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|I'm not used to seeing people's faces. There's too much information there. Aren't you aware of it? Too much, too fast.
Olumide Lawrence|If you think you are easily irritated by people, guess what? You irritate other people easily too!
Werley Nortreus, Best Quotes of Werley Nortreus|Stop thinking that racism is fun until a racist person get under your skin, that's when you'll know racism is not fun.
Elizabeth Taylor-Wey, Earth: The Toughest Bootcamp in the Universe|People want things to be complicated, but they have to love themselves first and then each other and then it will seed everywhere
Dr. Who|Nine hundred years of time and space, and I've never met anyone who wasn't important.
Nabil N. Jamal|Talk to people about what they want to hear, and they'll stay for more. Talk to them about what you want them to hear, and they'll soon turn away.
Ron Baratono|Feel pity for those with insecurities that rest heavy on their shoulders. They'll take every opportunity to negativity judge others. They speak with a sadness in their voice searching for something, anything to make their life feel just a little bit better.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Wieża Jaskółki|They are not demons, not devils...Worse than that.They are people.
Sunday Adelaja|If we are not aware of who we are, how will we know where we are going or how we should get there
Sunday Adelaja|To know your purpose, you must identify yourself in the world and know who you are in the world
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|It’s the beating of my heart.  The way I lie awake, playing with shadows slowly climbing up my wall. The gentle moonlight slipping through my window and the sound of a lonely car somewhere far away, where I long to be too, I think. It’s the way I thought my restless wandering was over, that I’d found whatever I thought I had found, or wanted, or needed, and I started to collect my belongings. Build a home. Safe behind the comfort of these four walls and a closed door. Because as much as I tried or pretended or imagined myself as a part of all the people out there,I was still the one locking the door every night.Turning off the phone and blowing out the candles so no one knew I was home. ’cause I was never really well around the expectations of my personalityand I wanted to keep to myself. and because I haven’t been very impressed lately. By people, or places.Or the way someone said he loved me and then slowly changed his mind.
Jeffrey Fry|Many people see themselves as a rose, when all they are is just a prick.
V.E. Schwab, V.E. Schwab 3 Books Collection Set|«This is why I run.»Because caring was a thing with claws. It sank them in, and didn't let go. Caring hurt more than a knife to the leg, more than a few broken ribs, more than anything that bled or broke and healed again. Caring didn't break you clean. It was a bone that didn't set, a cut that wouldn't close.It was better not to care - Lila tried not to care - but, sometimes, people got in. Like a knife against armor, they found the cracks, slid past the guard, and you didn't know how deep they were buried until they were gone and you were bleeding on the floor. And it wasn't fair.
Santosh Adbhut Kumar|You appreciate or criticize people or things you care for, which are closed to your heart. Else who has time to think about devils!!!
Saminu Kanti|Politics is a serious business dealing with serious issues and it should be taken very seriously, and seriously intelligent people should pronounce on political matters.
John Green, Paper Towns|The longer I do my job the more I realize that humans lack good mirrors. It's so hard for anyone to show us how we look, and so hard for us to show anyone how we feel.
Jeffrey Fry|You cannot control what other people do, only how you react to it.
Sunday Adelaja|If people are connected with God, they would be safe
Sunday Adelaja|Many people in the world have a talent from God, but they do not know him
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|He desperately wants you to know Him. So many people believe in God, but they don't really know Him. And because they don't really know Him, they are lukewarm. The truth is, if you truly knew Him, you couldn't be lukewarm or halfhearted. If you remain lukewarm, maybe it's because you don't know who God really is.
Marc Maron, Attempting Normal|People want to share but they usually don’t. People don’t talk to each other about real things because they’re afraid of how they’ll be judged. Or they think other people don’t have the capacity to carry the burden of what they have to say. They see the compulsion to put that burden out in the world as a show of weakness. But all that stuff is what makes us human; more than that, it’s what makes being human interesting and funny. How we got away from that, I don’t know. But fuck that: We’re built to deal with shit. We’re built to deal with death, disease, failure, struggle, heartbreak, problems. It’s what separates us from the animals and why we envy and love animals so much. We’re aware of it all and have to process it. The way we each handle being human is where all the good stories, jokes, art, wisdom, revelations, and bullshit come from.
Sunday Adelaja|God sees the workplace of some people as a mission field, where they are to fulfill their calling
Christina Engela, Space Sucks!|The only problem that ever really seems to bother empire builders is bureaucracy. Before a new colony on the frontier could be founded, the Senate and Triumvirate would have to pass the plan. Factors influencing the High Lords decision would include, among others, the number of people needed to found the colony and whether this would result in any significant population shift. Another, more critical factor would be whether Tactical Defense could spare the ships or the manpower to patrol the area.
Sunday Adelaja|Be an instrument of redemption, there are still unreached people
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|There are only two kinds of people who are really fascinating- people who know absolutely everything, and people who know absolutely nothing.
Erik Pevernagie|When people’s parallel truth collides with their real truth, they may have a hard time in subduing all the fanciful items and characters of their invented world. (“The day the mirror was talking back”)
Bamigboye Olurotimi|We must desire to see people rising in life, rather than looking for ways to contribute to their fall.
Sunday Adelaja|We are all blessed, but there are people who have special favor and grace with God
Sunday Adelaja|We cannot earn God’s blessing, it is an expression of His unending love to people
Sunday Adelaja|As soon as you successful, people will get jealous and become your enemy
Sunday Adelaja|The devil is a professional in destroying lives, but the problem is that people themselves allow him to destroy their lives
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Many people may be heartbroken, but not enough to take action.
Sunday Adelaja|God punishes people, who belittle Him with their complaints
Sunday Adelaja|The world is groaning and mourning in pain and ignorance, because the people do not know much about the principles of God
Sunday Adelaja|If God spoke from Heaven, people will not understand Him, that is why Jesus came to earth
Sunday Adelaja|The world lures people with its temptations and attractions, masking them with a cover of pleasure
Sunday Adelaja|God created people free, but in order to receive true freedom we have to obey God’s rules
Sunday Adelaja|In order to deliver people we need to have a strategy, to have a plan of deliverance
Sunday Adelaja|When we go out knowing whose interests we are representing, people cannot oppose us because it is pointless to fight God, who lives in us
Sunday Adelaja|If the people reveal God , He will change the heart of the king of that country
Sunday Adelaja|People who know God truly change the life of their nation, and not the government
Sunday Adelaja|If we don’t do anything to change the lives of our people and our country, we live a vain life
Sunday Adelaja|The most cruel and disobedient people will be saved, if there is one who would stand before God for His people
Sunday Adelaja|Your country can be a footstool for God, if he finds people in all spheres of life who will prepare their bodies for the Great King
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t expect a reward for what you do, from people, rather what matters is how you walk and are valued by God
Sunday Adelaja|God himself is pleading through us for people to be reconciled to him, if we prepare our body for him
Sunday Adelaja|People, who seek God, find answers to their question
Sunday Adelaja|Regular people wait for someone to take their sins, while deliverers take the sins of the people upon themselves
J.D. Salinger, A Girl I Knew|The apartment below mine had the only balcony of the house. I saw a girl standing on it, completely submerged in the pool of autumn twilight. She wasn't doing a thing that I could see, except standing there leaning on the balcony railing, holding the universe together.
Stephanie Garber, Caraval|I imagine the game wouldn’t be the same in the light,” Scarlett answered. “People think no one sees all the nasty things they do in the dark. The foul acts they commit, or the lies they tell as part of the game. Caraval takes place at night because you like to watch, and see what people do when they think there are no consequences.
Christina Engela, The Pink Community - The Facts|Advocacy groups in the USA, as in other countries, may not be able to silence this hateful, cowardly and deceitful attack upon people’s humanity – but they can put out the correct, factual, scientifically and medically accurate information in an attempt to counter the ignorance and to restore the balance.
Richie Norton|Never mix negative thinking with negative people. Multiplying negatives, in this instance, won't make a positive.
Neetesh Dixit|I prefer not to use my past to gain sympathy or people,I believe in present and try to stay in it for a better future.
Mamur Mustapha|In today's world, honesty has unfortunately morphed into an extremely expensive hobby...and is no more a virtue that it once was. By the same token, not everyone has what it takes to pay the price for indulging in it and maintaining it, relentlessly, under all circumstances.
Sunday Adelaja|People who live according to the world’s standard are confused, and therefore get into all kinds of trouble that leads to destruction.
Sunday Adelaja|If people do not know the rules, they will continue making mistakes and the situation will only worsen
Sunday Adelaja|By covetousness, people will exploit you with deceptive words
Aria Beth Sloss, Autobiography of Us|How little we know the ones we love. How little we know of anyone, in the end.
Robin Talley, Our Own Private Universe|I'd never been great at meeting people. I wasn't shy or anything, It was only that sometimes, with new people, I didn't know how exactly to start a conversation. I liked to listen first. You could learn a lot about someone that way.
Vironika Tugaleva|Sometimes to love people, I must completely avoid them. Sometimes, to be strong, I must completely fall apart. Sometimes, to create, I must completely destroy.
Vic James, Gilded Cage|She didn't do people, dammit. She did books. A world of difference
Yasmin Mogahed|Maybe the brokenness comes to teach you how to kneel. Stop trying to ‘be strong’. We cry, to heal. We feel, to stay human.
Steven Magee|If you want to be watched by governments, all you have to do is tell people that you research radiation.
Ross  Turner, Midnight|She hoped Alistair would prove to be more than she imagined. But, unfortunately, she knew without a shadow of a doubt that people weren’t what they once were.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|There are three types of people out there; those who lean, those who lift, and those who lead. People who lean immobilize you; stay away from them. People who lift inspire you; keep them near. People who lead positively influence you; seek them out.
James Hauenstein|People think I am younger then I really am,because I act so immature.
E.B. White, Charlotte's Web and other classic animal stories: Charlotte's Web, The Trumpet of the Swan, Stuart Little|They just keep trotting back and forth across the bridge thinking there is something better on the other side. If they'd hang head-down at the top of the thing and wait quietly, maybe something good would come along.
D.S. Mixell|Although censorship from others is not acceptable, you practice it every day when you decide with what people you will share what information, otherwise our deepest feelings would be shared with all the wrong people.
Abdur-Rehman Qadeer|People Ignore, People Hurt, People Confuse. But, Nature Talks, Nature Heals, Nature Answers.
Robert  Black|People need new things to excite them, new inventions, new ideas, new art, new drugs, if there are no new things, then they resort to war
Faraz Ahmed Rizwan|People don't hurt, But Expectations from people give you sadness.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|When it comes to people… you could aptly say that I am a racist… a human racist. I believe in people. There are good and not-so-good people of all colors and creeds. I’m not here to judge. Period. As people, we draw judgments from others when we behave badly, especially when we try to blame our bad behavior on others. This is not based on race, age, sex, or religion. It’s based on behavior differences.
Erik Pevernagie|If the whole world is in a rush and people are out of step with themselves, they fail to catch that quirky aura and that special quality of life that feeds our soul-searching frame of mind and that builds a coveted haven, giving recognition and self-reliance. ("The unbearable heaviness of being”)
Erik Pevernagie|People who don’t construe their life and don’t frame their own tale, stay on the sidelines, remain only an act without a story and turn into an "empty box". Out-of-the-box thinking and inventiveness remains then merely wishfull thinking. ( "Everybody his story" )
Mindy McGinnis, The Female of the Species|When animals make a stupid mistake, you laugh at them. A cat misjudges a leap. A dog looks overly quizzical about a simple object. These are funny things. But when a person doesn’t understand something, if they miscalculate and hit the brakes too late, blame is assigned. They are stupid. They are wrong. Teachers and cops are there to sort it out, with a trail of paperwork to illustrate the stupidity. The faults. The evidence and incidents of these things. We have entire systems in place to help decide who is what. Sometimes the systems don’t work. Families spend their weekend afternoons at animal shelters, even when they’re not looking for a pet. They come to see the unwanted and unloved. The cats and dogs who don’t understand why they are these things. They are petted and combed, walked and fed, cooed over and kissed. Then they go back in their cages and sometimes tears are shed. Fuzzy faces peering through bars can be unbearable for many. Change the face to a human one and the reaction changes. The reason why is because people should know better. But our logic is skewed in this respect. A dog that bites is a dead dog. First day at the shelter and I already saw one put to sleep, which in itself is a misleading phrase. Sleep implies that you have the option of waking up. Once their bodies pass unconsciousness to something deeper where systems start to fail, they revolt a little bit, put up a fight on a molecular level. They kick. They cry. They don’t want to go. And this happens because their jaws closed over a human hand, ever so briefly. Maybe even just the once. But people, they get chances. They get the benefit of the doubt. Even though they have the higher logic functioning and they knew when they did it THEY KNEW it was a bad thing.
Hélène Cixous|People do not see you, / They invent you and accuse you.
Murray Bail, Eucalyptus|A person meets thousands of different people across a lifetime, a woman thousands of different men, of all shades, and many more if she constantly passes through different parts of the world. Even so, of the many different people a person on average meets it is rare for one to fit almost immediately in harmony and general interest. For all the choices available the odds are enormous.The miracle is there to be grasped.
Murray Bail, Eucalyptus|Some people, some nations, are permanently in shade. Some people cast a shadow. Lengths of elongated darkness precede them, even in church or when the sun is in, as they say, mopped up by the dirty cloth of the could. A puddle of dark forms around their feet. It's very pine like. The pine and darkness are one. Eucalypts are unusual in this respect: set pendulously their leaves allow see-through foliage which in turn produces a frail patterned sort of shade, if at all. Clarity, lack of darkness-these might be called 'eucalyptus qualities'.
Debatrayee Banerjee|She was perfectly sane in streets unknown. She loved conversing with people tagged as strangers. She was social, amiable & all that is her. Yet, with known people she felt unknown, she choked words and fought inside. And indeed she tripped insane while traversing those streets known. She stared at others and consumed their happiness through senses cold. And so she waits for Winter's warmth to touch her in streets of distant shore, in her own world of simple happiness.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|When I was a young girl, I studied Greek in school. It's a beautiful language and ever so many good things were written in it. When you speak Greek, it feels like a little bird flapping its wings on your tongue as fast as it can. This is why I sometimes put Greek words into my stories, even though not so many people speak Ancient Greek anymore. Anything beautiful deserves to be shared round, and anything I love goes into my stories for safekeeping.The word I love is Arete. It has a simple meaning and a complicated meaning. The simple one is: excellence. But if that were all, we'd just use Excellence and I wouldn't bring it up until we got to E. Arete means your own excellence. Your very own. A personal excellence that belongs to no one else, one that comes out of all the things that make you special and different. Arete means whatever you are best at, no matter what that is. You might think the Greeks only meant things like fighting with bronze swords or debating philosophy, but they didn't. They meant whatever you're best at. What makes you feel like you're doing the rightest thing in the world. And that might be fighting with bronze swords and it might mean debating philosophy—but it also might mean building machines, or drawing pictures, or playing the guitar, or acting in Shakespeare plays, or writing books, or making a home for people who need one, or listening so hard and so well that people tell you the things they really need to say even if they didn't mean to, or running faster than anyone else, or teaching people patiently and boldly, or even making pillow forts or marching in parades or baking bread. It could be lending out just the right library book to just the right person at just the right moment. It could be standing up to the powerful even if you don't feel very powerful yourself, even if you're lost and as far away from home as you can get. It could be loving someone with the same care and thoroughness that a Wyvern takes with alphabetizing. It could be anything in the world. And it isn't easy to figure out what that is. It's even harder to get that good at it, because nothing, not even being yourself, comes without practice. But your arete goes with you everywhere, just waiting for you to pay attention to it. You can't lose it. You can only find it. And that's my favorite thing that starts with A.
Dominic Riccitello|If I had amnesia, I know I would fall in love with you all over again.
Gift Gugu Mona|People should avoid hatred at all costs, because not only does it affect the hater’s health; it also prevents them from enjoying the goodness of love.
Hannah Barnaby, Wonder Show|She had never met Caroline's mother, but she knew a thing or two about what happened when someone went far away, how after a time you couldn't see their faces anymore when you closed your eyes or hear exactly how they laughed at a joke, how they seemed less like a real person whom you loved and more like a character in a story. And once that happened, it was easy, too easy, to let them float away like milkweed.
Charles Pellegrino, Ghosts of the Titanic|For every first-class dog that entered the lifeboats, twenty-nine steerage women and nineteen children died. Emily Badman and Kathy Gilnagh seemed destined to be counted among the lost, having found themselves penned in behind a drawn gate, deep within the stern. An armed, junior officer stood on the other side. "Following orders," he insisted. "It's not time for you to go up.
Kambiz Shabankare|Life is absolutely a game, but technically there is no winner or looser. Because there is no universally established rule for the game. Every player defines the rules as the individual prefers. Therefore, most of the times you are playing with the rules of others, which you are not even familiar with. Such game [apparently] has determined the distinction between winners and losers, not according to the individual's own abilities, but based on how a person satisfies other players and their expectations. More alienated from one's self means greater chance and closer to be called a winner, and more authentic if a person is more will be forced toward the loser title.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|People aren't nice, people aren't nice, you should know that by now.
Adam Gidwitz, The Inquisitor's Tale: Or, the Three Magical Children and Their Holy Dog|How could he hate the Jews and yet feel sick when they were attacked? Louis hated peasants, too, apparently, and yet he had no problem sitting beside Jeanne - hoisting her in the air and dancing even. Jacob tried to turn this over in his head, around and around, like the cartwheels beneath him. But after a while, he gave up. People were too strange to understand, he decided. They were like life. And also that cheese. Too many things at once.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|But that's the difference between people and stars. A star's light still shines even if there's no one to see it, but without someone to remember Jesse, his light will disappear.
Heather  Marsh, Binding Chaos: Mass Collaboration on a Global Scale|Direct democracy is lazy anarchy, for people who don't want to be governed but are too lazy to govern themselves. They want participation served to them.
Akshay Vasu|We often try to see the reflections of the people who left us, in the people who come to stay with us. And in the course of doing so, we often try to change them to someone who they are not. And we often end up turning them into the pieces of same shattered mirror that used to hurt us before they came.
Danny Mekić|People that say they have nothing to hide, can’t be trusted with your secrets.
Prakash Hegade|Sometimes, I think how stupid I was yesterday. Then I look at people who still are, even today!
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Your actions speak so loudly, I cannot hear what you are saying.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Feelings don't have logic, hence one must not question Why & How!
Kavipriya Moorthy, Dirty Martini|But now, I am addicted to the peace and calm of being alone. There is something so soothing about solitude that I have no urgent wish to give it up and connect with people.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Young people today are deeply passionate and crave authentic life based on truth. They're hungry to make a difference. They're willing to take a stand for whatever they believe, even to die for a cause. When they sell out to Jesus, they'll pursue a standard of righteousness that is greater than anything you and I ever saw growing up. Don't water it down. Don't lower the standard. And don't just settle for raising it-raise it higher. Believe in your children. Talk with them. Speak well of them. Encourage them. Pray for them. Celebrate the victories with them. Affirm their growth. We can raise a generation that, although they'll make mistakes, will sell out completely when Jesus grips them. They'll give Him everything. They'll make you proud by being even weirder than you are.
Ama Ata Aidoo, Our Sister Killjoy|Sissie knew that she had to stop herself from crying. Why weep for them? In fact, stronger in her was the desire to ask somebody why the entire world has had to pay so much and is still paying so much for some folks' unhappiness.
Erik Pevernagie|A thousand times, people may have touched each other, but never ever sensed a single vein of oneness or complicity in the wilderness of their inner world, since obdurate mental impediments have been barricading the road to understanding and propinquity. (“A thousand times”)
Erik Pevernagie|Many buy gadgets they don’t really need, with money they don’t have, for people they don’t actually care for, while infringing their corporeal and financial capacities, in order to pay doctors and psychiatrists.( "Keeping up with the Joneses")
Erik Pevernagie|What makes people tick? Life can be a trap of ennui, but imagery may be a redemptive escape from dullness. The iconic power and exuberance of images generate an inexorable addiction that needs to be gratified without respite. Here and now! ("Give me more images")
Annie Proulx, The Shipping News|You’ve got a chance to start out all over again. A new place, new people, new sights. A clean slate. See, you can be anything you want with a fresh start.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Is it that my habit of placing myself in the souls of other people makes me see myself as others see or would see me if they noticed my presence there? It is. And once I've perceived what they would feel about me if they knew me, it is as if they were feeling and expressing it at that very moment. It is a torture to me to live with other people. Then there are those who live inside me. Even when removed from life, I'm forced to live with them. Alone, I am hemmed in by multitudes. I have nowhere to flee to, unless I were to flee myself.
Kamand Kojouri|If you can love one person, you can love everyone.
Steeven Shaw|People who feel pain, that’s common. Someone who uses pain to create, this is an Artist.
Akshay Vasu|When the people whom we love the most leave us, we start learning to live with the shadows they have left inside us.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Here is a tragicomic reality of all the regimes: People work hard to feed their thief politicians, their thief kings and thief queens or their thief presidents! And therefore the tragicomic reality of all the times is this: There can exist no thieves without the support of people!
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Unlike the world that points out your flaws to ridicule you, when GOD points out your flaws, it's because He want to walk you out of it.
Michelle Franklin|Life is really a travesty of will: it is a parade of learning how to lose people and improve at feigning indifference.I suspect I shall always fail at this, and fail miserably. I do not know whether that is winning at life or failing at happiness.
S. Michael Wilcox, 10 Great Souls I Want to Meet in Heaven|We need to learn from one another. Of one thing I am certain: No single people, tradition, religion, governmental form, ethical program, moral code, or civilization has had sufficient wisdom and goodness to set the pattern and govern the world in the ways of peace, decency, and mutual respect. I do not believe God ever intended it to be that way. He wants us to reach out and learn from the wisdom he has given to humanity over broad sweeps of time and place and personality.
Norhafsah Hamid, Back to Basics|When God keeps away certain people from you, it may be that the person is not good for you.
Mamur Mustapha|It is difficult to stop people from thinking on their own and exceedingly so, to get them to think on their own.
Eleanor Farjeon, The Glass Slipper|I want to be good...I try to be good, I do try, and to like everybody. But there are some people - some people I can't like, however much I try. I hate them - there!
Erik Pevernagie|Relatedness is vital in a time when so many people suffer from social deafness. Emotional insensitivity being caused by a redoubtable “tin ear” makes it impossible to hear any signs of empathy or capture the vibrant qualities of ‘sharing’. ("Only needed a light ")
Erik Pevernagie|Rumours should be juicy and gossips must be mouth-watering, since they have to uplift and make people feel better. Tittle-tattle can have a swift ripple effect and when the ball is rolling very fast, it kick-starts a flood of moral destruction. “Schadenfreude” can, then, be fully enjoyed. (“Juicy rumours”)
Erik Pevernagie|The grass always seems greener on the other side of the fence. Many politicians promise green, green grass by blending niceties with delusion and by using alluring confidence tricks. They voice attractive tales and tell things, people like to hear. But the post-factual grassland often appears to be parched and barren. ("The grass was greener over there")
Erik Pevernagie|If bees die, people will die. Only ignorance never dies! ("Why step out of nature ?")
Mehmet Murat ildan|History shows us that people often make mistakes, they give wrong decisions, they vote for the wrong persons! And history also shows us that in the end they pay a heavy price for it!
Roshan Sharma|The process of mind is mechanical, and the data of the thoughts and imagination can be changed, by changing the experiences and impressions of life.
Roshan Sharma|When you understand the internal process of life, first time, you realize that the personal identity that you carry in your mind, exists only at the time of momentary experience, and as the experience is forgotten, so the personal identity gets forgotten with it.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|In order to honor God with your wealth, you first have to admit that you are rich. Most people won't do that. It's not normal.
Gugu Mona|When you surround yourself with dramatic people, your life will be driven by drama instead of being driven by destiny.
Jim Highsmith, Agile Project Management: Creating Innovative Products|The essence of Agile movement, whether in new product development, new service offerings, software applications, or project management, rests on two foundational goals: delivering valuable products to customers and creating working environments in which people look forward to coming to work each day.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Extreme measures bring extreme results. If you want a normal life, do what normal people do. If you want to know God intimately, walk with Him daily, and please Him in every way, you're going to have to do what few do. Absolutely nothing.
Goals Rider|Trump victory makes me realized, That you don't really need people option to be come a winner.
Faisal Nawaz Maitlo|Those people make us strong and then valuable, whom we do not like initially.
Norhafsah Hamid, Trying to be Muslim|If we want people to accept us as we are, then we should accord the same courtesy to them
Vironika Tugaleva|People will react to you as a result of their own mindset, rather than as a reflection of your worth. Most people use others as mirrors for their own darkness. If you have been hurt by such people, perhaps you can use these experiences to become a different kind of person—one who reflects the light within others instead of using them as mirrors. Maybe your experiences of pain can lead you to being a great leader, someone who lights up the world. Your most painful struggle is ripe with opportunity.
Abeer Allan|We encounter souls, not bodies.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, A Short Autobiography|For America is composed not of two sorts of people, but of two frames of mind - the first engaged in doing what is would like to do, the second pretending that such things do not exist.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Normal people live distracted, rarely fully present. Weird people silence the distractions and remain fully in the moment.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Change Management can become more successful with people at the core of change, the cause of change and the purpose of change.
Look Im A Cat|When People Say How Can you Watch that, I reply Saying It Seems Your Imagination is Not as Good as mine Then Leave.
Isaiah Durrin|Falling in love is stupid, and whatsmore a waste of time. It's a thing for love-obsessed psycho's and dreamers. And that's exactly why people fall in it. And I don't blame them.
George Stamatis|We need more inclusion, partnerships over partisanships in politics to solve man-made problems to be better off and in order to change the world
Deyth Banger|... I want to feel alive... so I don't have any thoughts on so far to ending my life. I still like people's impressions and expressions, I can't stop do that moreover to watch that.... Interesting face... once upon a time a girl asked me "How do I feel"... I said "Not okay"... and that was all... - Pretty confusing!
Akshay Vasu|Do you know something about the broken people? They are exactly like a mirror that is been punched and dropped on the floor into pieces and been joined back together. When you stand in front of them they create hundreds of your reflections, but still none of them complete and the moment you try to touch them they will try to hurt you, not because they don't like your reflection in them, it is just because they are afraid of falling again and breaking into more pieces. If you could only see how it feels to be that broken mirror you would never do something that would break a mirror again.
Leonard Budgell, Arctic Twilight: Leonard Budgell and Canada's Changing North|Perhaps I am like you. I love the byways, the tiny adventures, the faces that smile for an instant and are gone, a little boy with his face between the railings of a fence, watching the shoes go by. What is he thinking about? The people and their joys and sorrows? No way, he is seeing the shoes, shoes that tramp, limp, scuffle along, and perhaps his greatest concern is the tiny bug they might step on.It is probably the true meaning of compassionate, wondering about people's passions, thier feelings. Passion, one of the loveliest words in the language, one of the most misunderstood. One can have a love for so many things, but novelists sometimes overwork the word. Perhaps one can have a passionate belief, but not a passionate love for a car or asparagus. Passion is private, gentle, consuming, understanding and personal. It expresses so many things but does not belong to lipstick. It is in nature, pictures, people, always people. I suppose compassion begins when you watch the shoes and worry about the bug.
Himmilicious|Being understanding is a curse because even if they hurt you,they are convinced "you will understand
kambiz shabankareh|Everyone makes me happy some people when they come into my life, others when they go.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To judge someone is to say that I have the right to define who they are, verses understanding that God has handed me the priceless privilege of discovering who they are.
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|Some people don't like 'different', it makes them scaredOf people who aren't like them, I think that's weird.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|People love it when you criticise some things which they do not believe in, practices which are contrary to what they practice or contrary views. They call you objective and truthfulBut immediately you start disagreeing with their views, criticising their beliefs, expressing contrary views against what they support, they call you foul names, say you are not a child of God, ask who you are to judge.Listen and listen good, I love writing and I write based on inspiration and experience.I don't just write, I write to capture the minds of my readers and to spark reaction. I welcome contrary views, I love you opposing my stance cos in the process I learn some things from you.Don't get mad at me for expressing myself via writing. I love putting things down. Learn to tolerate my views and counter me when you don't agree.Stop holding grudges and developing unnecessary hatred. Life is too short to be closed minded and inclined. Life is too short for me to idolize anybody.I can't always be dancing to your tunes, you also have to dance to mine.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|Respect when earned, should be protected because when lost, it would be hard to recover it. When one trusts and relies on you so much and you take it for granted, the day such a person would take a decision to disrespect you, forget it, you are a goner
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|When old people talk too much in presence of younger persons, they wouldn't know when their value would be diminishing.Talk less especially when a younger person is in your midst, it's a sign of dignity
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|People wonder who is who,Everyone is different - even you!
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|Some people think everyone should be the same as them:Look, dress, sound and act just like them.
Steven Magee|Utility smart/AMR/AMI meters, cell phones and wi-fi are problem for people who do not want to get cancer, electromagnetic radiation (EMR) sickness, or Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS) in the future.
Enock Maregesi|Novelists and the literary world play an important part in shaping languages. The Swahili they write influence the readers and their languages. The literary obstacle in Tanzania is not that people do not read, but that they don’t read because there are no interesting writers.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|Ti­tles are granted or in­her­ited, no­bil­ity isn't. Whatever paper we receive, be it of material or immaterial value – it will never exceed the value of your character being loved by people!
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|What a life we live. Full of questions, adventures, stories, mistakes, good, quests, bad, miracles, lessons, people, blessings, journeys, inventions, music, animals, history, cultures, religions, prophecies, planets, stars, careers, movies, plants, hate, love, and so much more.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|34. Sexual contact between a boy and a girl is a progressive thing. In other words, the amount of touching and caressing and kissing that occurs in the early days tends to increase as they become more familiar and at ease with one another. Likewise, the amount of contact necessary to excite one another increases day by day, leading in many cases to an ultimate act of sin and its inevitable consequence. This progression must be consciously resisted by Christian young people who want to serve God and live by His standards. They can resist this trend by placing deliberate controls on the physical aspect of their relationship, right from the first date.
Francine Rivers, An Echo in the Darkness|Leaving the group, he reclined on a couch, drank morosely, and watched people. He noticed the games they played with one another. They put on masks of civility, all while spewing their venom.
Sanhita Baruah|Rule #1 of Traveling-Don't even think of answering questions that contain the word "plan"?
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Dr. Richard Selzer is a surgeon and a favorite author of mine. He writes the most beautiful and compassionate descriptions of his patients and the human dramas they confront. In his book Letters to a Young Doctor, he said that most young people seem to be protected for a time by an imaginary membrane that shields them from horror. They walk in it every day but are hardly aware of its presence. As the immune system protects the human body from the unseen threat of harmful bacteria, so this mythical membrane guards them from life-threatening situations. Not every young person has this protection, of course, because children do die of cancer, congenital heart problems, and other disorders. But most of them are shielded—and don’t realize it. Then, as years roll by, one day it happens. Without warning, the membrane tears, and horror seeps into a person’s life or into the life of a loved one. It is at this moment that an unexpected theological crisis presents itself.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you are not hungry for success, you will not make the best use of your time. It is simple and clear. People who are truly hungry for food never play with a meal when they see it.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|21. Take in a great breath of air and then blow it out. Contained in that single breath were at least three nitrogen atoms that were breathed by every human being who ever lived, including Jesus Christ, William Shakespeare, Winston Churchill, and every president of the United States. This illustrates the fact that everything we do affects other people, positively or negatively. That’s why it is foolish to say, “Do your own thing if it doesn’t hurt anybody else.” Everything we do affects other people.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|I feel strongly that Christians have a scriptural mandate to love and care for all the people of the world. Even those who are living in immoral circumstances are entitled to be treated with dignity and respect. There is no place for hatred, hurtful jokes, or other forms of rejecting towards those who are gay.
Mohsen Sheha|Life could have been way easier if we can just use "Please, do not disturb" sign in our social lives!
Ted Dekker, Thr3e|People tend to react to other people in wholesale rather than in detail, right? He's a minister, so I hate him. She's beautiful, so I like her. One month later you wake up and realize you have nothing in common with the woman.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|That door had a lot to say, people entered and people left but never the same!
Charles Maurras|The love of all people except the French people, is deep in the mind of the great doctors of the French Republic.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Stop blaming other people for your mistakes. Until you are ready to admit that you are infallible, you are vulnerable for failure to whip.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|[Patricia Highsmith] was an extremely unbalanced person, extremely hostile and misanthropic and totally incapable of any kind of relationship, not just intimate ones. I felt sorry for her, because it wasn't her fault. There was something in her early days or whatever that made her incapable. She drove everybody away and people who really wanted to be friends ended up putting the phone down on her.It seemed to me as if she had to ape feelings and behaviour, like Ripley. Of course sometimes having no sense of social behaviour can be charming, but in her case it was alarming. I remember once, when she was trying to have a dinner party with people she barely knew, she deliberately leaned towards the candle on the table and set fire to her hair. People didn't know what to do as it was a very hostile act and the smell of singeing and burning filled the room.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Don’t pack out______________To some people, you make life brightWhen you decide to dim your lightTheir lives will be full of darknessDo shine your light in kindnessTo some people, you bring out a joyWith their emotions, never ever toyWith your smiles, grease them with oilAnd make them glad when their lives boilTo other people, you are the warmthThat kills coldness and brings strengthDon’t do it; don’t pack outElse, they will have blackoutYou’re on earth to do two things hereWake up and do them now; this yearFirst, dare to grow and become betterSecond, help others to also become greaterNever in any of the four seasonsShould you neglect your gifts for any reasonsThe world needs you to make it a better placeDon’t pack out; run your race
Neymat Khan|Even when you are lazy and don't have the effort to learn something sit somewhere in public and try to observe the stupid people around you, that would be more than enough learning for the day.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|Hatred is the enemy, Hadassah. Not the people.
Tanmaya Guru|I want to get away from people, I want to kill myself.
Neymat Khan|People with satanic minds are dangerous, kill them.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|[Patricia Highsmith] was a figure of contradictions: a lesbian who didn't particularly like women; a writer of the most insightful psychological novels who, at times, appeared bored by people; a misanthrope with a gentle, sweet nature.
Stephen Grosz, The Examined Life: How We Lose and Find Ourselves|A lot of people, especially psychoanalysts, assume that happiness can only be found in a couple - but not all of us are made for a relationship.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|If [Patricia Highsmith] saw an acquaintance walking down the sidewalk she would deliberately cross over so as to avoid them. When she came in contact with people, she realised she split herself into many different, false, identities, but, because she loathed lying and deceit, she chose to absent herself completely rather than go through such a charade. Highsmith interpreted this characteristic as an example of 'the eternal hypocrisy in me', rather her mental shape-shifting had its source in her quite extraordinary ability to empathise. Her imaginative capacity to subsume her own identity, while taking on the qualities of those around her - her negative capability, if you like - was so powerful that she said she often felt like her inner visions were far more real than the outside world. She aligned herself with the mad and the miserable, 'the insane man who feels himself one with all mankind, all life, because in losing his mind, he has lost his ego, his self-ness', yet realised that such a state inspired her fiction. Her ambition, she said, was to write about the underlying sickness of this 'daedal planet' and capture the essence of the human condition: eternal disappointment.
kayser U|if you like Black colour,perhaps you're emotional
J.K. Rowling|Besides, the world isn't split into good people and Death Eaters.
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|Hello PeopleAfter having trouble from suffer and hatredI'd like the world to know the charm of sadnessI will never be far away, but always among youA deadly game and the rules are very simpleYou need only to follow the simplicityDie or Suffer Make your choice
Shaikh Ashraf|There are things a person does without any reason, without any second thought, maybe they do not hold grudges for long, maybe they just forgive, and there is something strange about that type of person. I admire them.
Arash Tabish|When i see Sun, i think about peace, happiness, hope and a bright future. I like Sun, i like to go out, walk around and see people setting by the cafe or a resturant or a park or somewhere else, drinking and eating whatever they feel like and enjoying their life. I like that very much when i see people are out, happy, Smiling and enjoying. This is how our life mean to be, we need to enjoy every day of our life the most and remember that is what God want for us that we need to enjoy our life, try to be happy and do good things whatever it takes to make others happy too, Let's try not to hurt anyone. Thanks God for whatever you blessed us with.
Steven Magee|I am not a fan of sealed up sterile homes or Faraday cages and their use in human health, although I do understand that some people do feel relief in these environments.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|1.	I think what haunts many people in the world is to lose something they love, something they value, and someone they care for, for me it was my father, I was losing him when I met him. I felt life is bitter, it happens. I laughed while I see him but there was a girl inside me, who was crying and feeling angry for life and the way it treats people. Deep inside I was already broke, but I smiled to show my father.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|I have always debated Vijay on the presence of god, that god is not real, fake. I do not know why it felt strange there. I think the people who follow their dreams, the people who do what they love and the people who are truly happy. They have presence of god inside them, they are just normal people like me, but they know what happiness is, they know what love is, they know the meaning of life. They are their own god, they guide themselves, and they show themselves the path and live the life of their own choices.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|Love is everything a person desires for in his life, but love is not in getting love, but giving the most love you have to others
Christina Engela, Blachart: Galaxii Series Book 1|They set about making people so unhappy and isolated and when they crawl into a hole and pull it in after them, they have the nerve to call homosexuality a 'suicidal lifestyle'. And yet they do this - and deny that any gay or trans person could ever be a 'true' Christian. As if THEY are.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|It' is for objects, not people.
Steven Magee|While police officers who blatantly shaft the common people believe that they are God, they are the Devil to those that they wrong.
Steven Magee|For many people, a western lifestyle equates to living in a toxic home, working a toxic job, eating toxic food, being sick from your thirties onward and eventually dying from preventable disease.
Christina Engela|The truth of the world is that in every group you will find some good and some bad people - which is why i am keenly aware that no group is ALL bad, just as no group is ALL good.
Steven Magee|The people who work with solar photovoltaics (PV) tend to be sick, I've worked with many of them. They were showing classic symptoms of Radio Wave Sickness (RWS).
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Most of the time, we see only what we want to see, or what others tell us to see, instead of really investigate to see what is really there. We embrace illusions only because we are presented with the illusion that they are embraced by the majority. When in truth, they only become popular because they are pounded at us by the media with such an intensity and high level of repetition that its mere force disguises lies and truths. And like obedient schoolchildren, we do not question their validity and swallow everything up like medicine. Why? Because since the earliest days of our youth, we have been conditioned to accept that the direction of the herd, and authority anywhere — is always right.
Brandon Sanderson, Calamity|We're not moments, Megan, you and me. We're events. You say you might not be the same person you were a year ago? Well, who is? I'm sure not. We change, like swirling clouds around a rising sun.
Haruki Murakami, Hear the Wind Sing|I all of a sudden got to feeling like talking to people. Whenever I look at the ocean, I always want to talk to people, but when I’m talking to people, I always want to look at the ocean. I’m weird like that.
Karel Čapek|Just imagine the silence in the world, if people talked only what they knew
Christina Engela, Fearotica: An Anthology of Erotic Horror|Some people do everything, some do something, many do nothing - which is bad enough - but the worst of the lot are those who break down what others have built.
Christina Engela, Inanna Rising: Women Forged in Fire|Any religion which demands death for other people is itself worthy of nothing less than it expects for others. In fact, it is probably long overdue.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|The world, I tell you, is bored -- bored now to the explosive pitch. It's bored by all this incessant war preparation. It is bored by aimless violence, now here, now there. It is tired of hatred politics. It's tired of fresh murders every day. It is not indignant, not excited; it is bored. Bored and baffled..."I don't believe a man begins to know anything of politics until he realises the immense menace of mental fatigue, of world-wide mass boredom. It accumulates. It makes the most frightful convulsions and demoralisation possible. It makes them at last inevitable. Nobody wants fundamental changes in a world where hope and interest prevail. Then people accept their careers, settle down to them, rear children. But throw them out of work, in and out and no sense of security, deprive them of bright expectations, regiment them in masses, underfeed them, bore them with organised mass patriotism, and they begin to seep together into a common morass of discontent and impatience. Almost unconsciously..."They're like that now.
Christina Engela, Blachart: Galaxii Series Book 1|Rejecting people for who and what they are will not make you a better, more 'righteous' or more 'moral' person - than the other person, or even in your own right - in fact, if that's why you're doing it, it is far more likely to do the opposite.
Christina Engela, Autumn Burning: Dreadtime Stories for the Wicked Soul|The only way a society of diverse people can survive without tearing itself apart over differences in nature is by accepting that ALL people are different, and that no single one of us is more or less deserving of decent treatment, compassion, legal and ethical equality, justice, life, or love, than any other.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Well, that brings us to the point: There is only one way to protect ourselves from the deadly diseases that stalk the human family. It is abstinence before marriage, then marriage and mutual fidelity for life to an uninfected partner. Anything less is foolhardy and potentially suicidal. Don't let anyone tell you differently. There is no such thing as "safe sex," just as there is no "safe sin." For thousands of years, people have been trying to find ways to disobey the laws of God without suffering the consequences. It can't be done. Scripture tells us that the wages of sin is death, and we'd better believe it!
Wafaa Nowaihed|الوقت لا يلئم الجراح، بل الحبtime does not heal wounds, love does
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Indeed, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention calculated that 65 million people in the United States now have a sexually transmitted virus, and they will suffer from it for the rest of their lives.
Thomas Bernhard, Gehen|Almost everybody we get together with about a matter, even if it is of the highest importance, is incompetent.
Ron Baratono|When we choose to love people and the wonderful things around us, it always puts us one step above the people who choose not too. There's a peace we'll carry in our hearts. A feeling of being worthy of all situations.
Deyth Banger|I had two or three faced people, I don't like the feature that they are have a lot of faces, what's bad?You never know which face they are using!
Adrian Tchaikovsky, Salute the Dark|All things die,' she told him. Such a truism, it was the trite utterance of any street-corner philosopher, but coming from Inaspe Raimm it sounded different. 'All things reach the end of their journey, be they trees, insects, people or even principalities. All things die so that others may take their place. To die is no tragedy. The tragedy is dying with a purpose unfulfilled.
Deyth Banger|I can't go outside, I know to much to be out there and I had never liked people.
Frank MacDonald, Tinker and Blue|Just love everybody!? Do you love everybody, Karma? Could you love Hitler? Answer me that! Could you love Hitler, huh?""I wonder what would have happened if somebody did, Blue?
Tara Estacaan|LIFE’S SOFT EDGES‘Tis a truth I will confess that we ofttimes find soft edges –to such a degree, our livesare well manifestof people’s kindliness.
Balroop Singh|All people like to be praised as it boosts their self-esteem, keeps them motivated and happy but it also pushes them into the abyss of sham, which is propelled by hypocrisy and sycophancy.
Vanshika Dhyani|If you really want to do something,you will.If not now, Eventually.
kambiz shabankareh, The Last Smile of The Plaster-man|No one is that valuable to plan your future based upon them, because in some point every loyal individual will stab you in the back or in the best situation will just leave you. People have expiration dates. The ones who stay longer become more dangerous.
Robert Wesley Miller|THE BEST people are the good old wrinkled people with a sparkle in their eye, a wink when you walk by or a toothless smile saying you are doing just fine ...
Richie Norton|When the going gets tough, people bail. When the going gets easy, people get lazy. Honest, smart, hard work is the way to get results.
Gift Gugu Mona|Do not distance yourself from the people who need you most today, because tomorrow you will need them the most.
Ron Baratono|There's a calm in my mind in the morning. A peacefulness that feels nice. A two mile walk and prayer, then watering the garden is relaxing. I don't know if we all feel this way, but throughout the day our minds are filled with interaction, most of it unimportant to our natural well being. In the last few years I've tried to be a calmer person in my mind, and found it much easier with my love for Jesus Christ. Rolling with God's grace. Happy day my friends. Blessings.
Steven Magee|I independently produce scientific advancements to share with everyone, and that is over seven billion people!
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|You can make fun of yourself and people will laugh at you. If you’re smart, you’ll end up as a comedian. If you’re not, you’ll end up as a clown.
Catie Marron, City Squares: Eighteen Writers on the Spirit and Significance of Squares Around the World|spaces that at first may appear to reflect a simple condition are much more complex when the actions of individuals and groups are factored in. These unique patterns of movement through space can and should guide the architecture we build to serve them. For space only becomes truly public when people recognize it and utilize it as such. Great public space cannot be built as much as curated; it is architecture's responsibility to craft space in response to specific needs and unique practices. . . . it is not the space itself that is meaningful; it is the way space facilitates diversity, interaction, and new negotiations that makes it meaningful [David Adjaye, "Djemaa El-Fnaa, Marrakech: Engaging with Complexity and Diversity"].
Gift Gugu Mona|Any leadership that is observant and committed to its people, will always find better ways to solve problems.
Deyth Banger|If people ask me like who I would like to be I will say Like Larry Cohen, his movie with the Phone Booth, blowed my mind.
Gift Gugu Mona|Do not distance yourself from people who need you most today, because tomorrow you will need them the most.
James C. Dobson|I think people need to recognize that those of us who have been so much influenced by violence in the media- in particular pornographic violence- are not some kinds of inherent monsters. We are your sons, and we are your husbands. And we grew up in regular families.
Deyth Banger|Chilling Tales For Dark Nights, these people or let's say these team is trying to return the fear, the theater... Which so far is great to hear, acting in reading a story and everything one place, just awesome,
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|History was a way to live extra lives, to cheat the limits of flesh and blood, to roll the rock back from the tomb and free the resurrected dead.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|History was not simply a catalogue of the dead and buried and benighted, but rather a vast new world to be pioneered; ...if you approached the past generously, so to speak—its people as humans, not facts, as modern in their time as we were in ours, who thought and felt as we do, the dead would live again, our equals, not our old-fashioned, hopelessly unenlightened, and backward inferiors. Humanity, to be fully known, had to be seen as changeless as well as ever changing.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|You see, dear—I think there are two types of people in the world. Those who divide the world up into two kinds of people... and those who don't.
Theodore Dreiser, Jennie Gerhardt|In many cases where one is content to lead a secluded life it is not necessary to say much of one's past, but as a rule something must be said. People have the habit of inquiring—if they are no more than butchers and bakers. By degrees one must account for this and that fact, and it was so here. .
Michelle Goncalves|I like to think that love is like a rose. A rose that is beginning to sprout is like a person feeling love for the first time. It will grow in time as the couples interact and along the way, they may hurt themselves by the thorns of pain and misunderstanding. But it is all worth it to see the rose in full bloom as the two share their true love.What happens after that is unknown. The rose may last forever and create others, or it may wither away and start anew.
Alex  Jackson, Labaerak|Take away the people's bread and you get discontent; take away their money and you get anger, but take away their heroes and you get revolution.
Gugu Mona|When people don't understand the meaning of freedom in their lives, they will continue to live as though they're still oppressed.
Gugu Mona|People should avoid hatred at all costs, because not only does it affect the haters health; it also prevents them from enjoying the goodness of love.
Gugu Mona|Never make a judgment on a one sided story because people may tell you what they want you to hear, rather than what you need to hear.
Saminu Kanti|Nigeria is one country, one people and one nation.
Dan J. Marlowe, The Name of the Game Is Death|On the way home my father said tiredly he hoped some day I'd realize it was necessary to live with people. I didn't understand him. He said a lot of other things that made me feel sorry for him, because he just couldn't stand up to a situation.
Milad Hanna|Housing without people, and people without housing.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|War must be, while we defend our lives against a destroyer who would devour all; but I do not love the bright sword for its sharpness, nor the arrow for its swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend.
Albert Dietrich, Army GI, Pacifist CO: The World War II Letters of Frank and Albert Dietrich|There are perhaps many causes worth dying for, but to me, certainly, there are none worth killing for.
Ernest Hemingway, Ernest Hemingway: A Literary Reference|Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.
Mahatma Gandhi|What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans and the homeless, whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of totalitarianism or in the holy name of liberty or democracy?
Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes: Sunday Pages 1985-1995: An Exhibition Catalogue|Dad, how do soldiers killing each other solve the world's problems?
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. This is not a way of life at all in any true sense. Under the clouds of war, it is humanity hanging on a cross of iron.
Emilie Autumn, The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls|It is not seen as insane when a fighter, under an attack that will inevitable lead to his death, chooses to take his own life first. In fact, this act has been encouraged for centuries, and is accepted even now as an honorable reason to do the deed. How is it any different when you are under attack by your own mind?
Alan Moore, Watchmen|Stood in firelight, sweltering. Bloodstain on chest like map of violent new continent. Felt cleansed. Felt dark planet turn under my feet and knew what cats know that makes them scream like babies in night.Looked at sky through smoke heavy with human fat and God was not there. The cold, suffocating dark goes on forever and we are alone. Live our lives, lacking anything better to do. Devise reason later. Born from oblivion; bear children, hell-bound as ourselves, go into oblivion. There is nothing else.Existence is random. Has no pattern save what we imagine after staring at it for too long. No meaning save what we choose to impose. This rudderless world is not shaped by vague metaphysical forces. It is not God who kills the children. Not fate that butchers them or destiny that feeds them to the dogs. It’s us. Only us. Streets stank of fire. The void breathed hard on my heart, turning its illusions to ice, shattering them. Was reborn then, free to scrawl own design on this morally blank world.Was Rorschach.Does that answer your Questions, Doctor?
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when we are able to attack, we must seem unable; when using our forces, we must appear inactive; when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make him believe we are near.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Legion, cuneum formate!’ Reyna yelled. ‘Advance!’ Another cheer on Jason’s right as Percy and Annabeth reunited with the forces of Camp Half-Blood. ‘Greeks!’ Percy yelled. ‘Let’s, um, fight stuff!’ They yelled like banshees and charged. Jason grinned. He loved the Greeks. They had no organization whatsoever, but they made up for it with enthusiasm.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|I am young, I am twenty years old; yet I know nothing of life but despair, death, fear, and fatuous superficiality cast over an abyss of sorrow. I see how peoples are set against one another, and in silence, unknowingly, foolishly, obediently, innocently slay one another.
Ernest Hemingway|They wrote in the old days that it is sweet and fitting to die for one's country. But in modern war, there is nothing sweet nor fitting in your dying. You will die like a dog for no good reason.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If your enemy is secure at all points, be prepared for him. If he is in superior strength, evade him. If your opponent is temperamental, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant. If he is taking his ease, give him no rest. If his forces are united, separate them. If sovereign and subject are in accord, put division between them. Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected .
Marcus Tullius Cicero|In times of war, the law falls s
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|A true war story is never moral. It does not instruct, nor encourage virtue, nor suggest models of proper human behavior, nor restrain men from doing the things men have always done. If a story seems moral, do not believe it. If at the end of a war story you feel uplifted, or if you feel that some small bit of rectitude has been salvaged from the larger waste, then you have been made the victim of a very old and terrible lie. There is no rectitude whatsoever. There is no virtue. As a first rule of thumb, therefore, you can tell a true war story by its absolute and uncompromising allegiance to obscenity and evil.
Sun Tzu|To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he is on.
Eleanor Roosevelt, The Wisdom of Eleanor Roosevelt|No one won the last war, and no one will win the next war.
Albert Einstein|He who joyfully marches to music rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would surely suffice. This disgrace to civilization should be done away with at once. Heroism at command, senseless brutality, deplorable love-of-country stance and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism, how violently I hate all this, how despicable and ignoble war is; I would rather be torn to shreds than be part of so base an action! It is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder.
Elie Wiesel|For the dead and the living, we must bear witness.
Robert Jordan, To the Blight|In wars, boy, fools kill other fools for foolish causes
Bill Watterson|How come we play war and not peace?""Too few role models.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|War doesn't negate decency. It demands it, even more than in times of peace." - Baba
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|But now, for the first time, I see you are a man like me. I thought of your hand-grenades, of your bayonet, of your rifle; now I see your wife and your face and our fellowship. Forgive me, comrade. We always see it too late. Why do they never tell us that you are poor devils like us, that your mothers are just as anxious as ours, and that we have the same fear of death, and the same dying and the same agony--Forgive me, comrade; how could you be my enemy?
John Fowles, The Magus|The human race is unimportant. It is the self that must not be betrayed.""I suppose one could say that Hitler didn't betray his self.""You are right. He did not. But millions of Germans did betray their selves. That was the tragedy. Not that one man had the courage to be evil. But that millions had not the courage to be good.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|The art of war is of vital importance to the State. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.
Haile Selassie|Until the philosophy which hold one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned...Everything is war. Me say war.That until the're no longer 1st class and 2nd class citizens of any nation...Until the color of a man's skin is ofno more significa...nce than the color of his eyes, me say war. That until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race me say war!
Terry Pratchett, Jingo|It was so much easier to blame it on Them. It was bleakly depressing to think that They were Us. If it was Them, then nothing was anyone's fault. If it was us, what did that make Me? After all, I'm one of Us. I must be. I've certainly never thought of myself as one of Them. No one ever thinks of themselves as one of Them. We're always one of Us. It's Them that do the bad things.
Jeanne DuPrau, The People of Sparks|When someone has been mean to you, why would you want to be good to them?' 'You wouldn't want to. That's what makes it hard. You do it anyway. Being good is hard. Much harder than being bad.
Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings|Rules are for children. This is war, and in war the only crime is to lose.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|And if we burn, you burn with us.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|War was always here. Before man was, war waited for him. The ultimate trade awaiting its ultimate practitioner.
Rudyard Kipling, If: A Father's Advice to His Son|If you can walk with the crowd and keep your virtue, or walk with Kings-nor lose the common touch; If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you; If all men count with you, but none too much; If you can fill the unforgiving minute with 60 seconds worth of distance run- Yours is the earth and everything that's in it, And-which is more-you'll be a man my son.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. Do not press a desperate foe too hard.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|War is like a monster," he says, almost to himself. "War is the devil. It starts and it consumes and it grows and grows and grows." He's looking at me now. "And otherwise normal men become monsters, too.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
Ursula K. Le Guin|The law of evolution is that the strongest survives!' 'Yes, and the strongest, in the existence of any social species, are those who are most social. In human terms, most ethical...There is no strength to be gained from hurting one another. Only weakness.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|We are forlorn like children, and experienced like old men, we are crude and sorrowful and superficial—I believe we are lost.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|There is a savage beast in every man, and when you hand that man a sword or spear and send him forth to war, the beast stirs.
Robert A. Heinlein, Starship Troopers|Violence, naked force, has settled more issues in history than has any other factor.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|He tried to name which of the deadly seven might apply, and when he failed he decided to append an eighth, regret.
James Madison|The means of defence agst. foreign danger, have been always the instruments of tyranny at home.
George Orwell|Pacifism is objectively pro-fascist. This is elementary common sense. If you hamper the war effort of one side, you automatically help out that of the other. Nor is there any real way of remaining outside such a war as the present one. In practice, 'he that is not with me is against me'.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Lest I keep my complacent way I must remember somewhere out there a person died for me today. As long as there must be war, I ask and I must answer was I worth dying for?
Chris Hedges|Violence is a disease, a disease that corrupts all who use it regardless of the cause.
Audre Lorde|Unless one lives and loves in the trenches, it is difficult to remember that the war against dehumanization is ceaseless.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|How senseless is everything that can ever be written, done, or thought, when such things are possible. It must be all lies and of no account when the culture of a thousand years could not prevent this stream of blood being poured out, these torture-chambers in their hundreds of thousands. A hospital alone shows what war is.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|War seems like a fine adventure, the greatest most of them will ever know. Then they get a taste of battle. For some, that one taste is enough to break them. Others go on for years, until they lose count of all the battles they have fought in, but even a man who has survived a hundred fights can break in his hundred-and-first. Brothers watch their brothers die, fathers lose their sons, friends see their friends trying to hold their entrails in after they’ve been gutted by an axe. They see the lord who led them there cut down, and some other lord shouts that they are his now, They take the wound, and when that’s still half-healed they take another. There is never enough to eat, their shoes fall to pieces from marching, their clothes are torn and rotting, and half of them are shitting in their breeches from drinking bad water.If they want new boots or a warmer cloak or maybe a rusted iron half helm, they need to take them from a corpse, and before long they are stealing from the living too, from the small folk whose land they’re fighting in, men very like the men they used to be. They slaughter their sheep and steal their chickens, and from there it’s just a short step to carrying off their daughters too. And one day they look around and realize all their friends and kin are gone, that they are fighting beside strangers beneath a banner that they hardly recognize. They don’t know where they are or how to get back home and the lord they’re fighting for does not know their names, yet here he comes, shouting for them to form up, to make a line with their spears and scythes and sharpened hoes, to stand their ground. And the knights come down on them, faceless men clad in all steel, and the iron thunder of their charge seems to fill the world.And the man breaks.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|They call this war a cloud over the land. But they made the weather and then they stand in the rain and say 'Shit, it's raining!
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Are you preparing for another war, Plutarch?" I ask."Oh, not now. Now we're in a sweet period where everyone agrees that our recent horrors should never be repeated," he says. "But collective thinking is usually short-lived. We're fickle, stupid beings with poor memories and a great gift for self-destruction. Although who knows? Maybe this will be it, Katniss.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|The storms come and go, the waves crash overhead, the big fish eat the little fish, and I keep on paddling. (Varys)
Sebastian Faulks, Birdsong|I know. I was there. I saw the great void in your soul, and you saw mine.
Fidel Castro|The ever more sophisticated weapons piling up in the arsenals of the wealthiest and the mightiest can kill the illiterate, the ill, the poor and the hungry, but they cannot kill ignorance, illness, poverty or hunger.
Seth Grahame-Smith, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter|There are but two types of men who desire war: those who haven’t the slightest intention of fighting it themselves, and those who haven’t the slightest idea what it is. … Any man who has seen the face of death knows better than to seek him out a second time.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|He is a weapon, a killer. Do not forget it. You can use a spear as a walking stick, but that will not change its nature.
Bertolt Brecht, Selected Poems|The first time it was reported that our friends were being butchered there was a cry of horror. Then a hundred were butchered. But when a thousand were butchered and there was no end to the butchery, a blanket of silence spread. When evil-doing comes like falling rain, nobody calls out "stop!"When crimes begin to pile up they become invisible. When sufferings become unendurable the cries are no longer heard. The cries, too, fall like rain in summer.
Winston S. Churchill|A love for tradition has never weakened a nation, indeed it has strengthened nations in their hour of peril. 
Winston S. Churchill, The Second World War|In War: Resolution,In Defeat: Defiance,In Victory: MagnanimityIn Peace: Good Will.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|But these weren't the kind of monsters that had tentacles and rotting skin, the kind a seven-year-old might be able to wrap his mind around--they were monsters with human faces, in crisp uniforms, marching in lockstep, so banal you don't recognize them for what they are until it's too late.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Rouse him, and learn the principle of his activity or inactivity. Force him to reveal himself, so as to find out his vulnerable spots.
Warsan Shire, Teaching My Mother How to Give Birth|I want to make love, but my hair smells of war and running and running.
Sun Tzu|When one treats people with benevolence, justice, and righteoousness, and reposes confidence in them, the army will be united in mind and all will be happy to serve their leaders'.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|The War Has Been Declared.Your Ally Been Ensnared.It Is Now Or It Is Never.Break The Code Or Die Forever.Time Is Running OutRunning OutRunning OutTo the Warrior Give My BladeBy His Hand Your Fate Is MadeBut Do Not Forget the TickingOr the Clicking, Clicking, ClickingWhile a Rat's Tongue May Be FlickingWith Its Feet It Does the TrickingFor the Paw and Not the Jaw Makes the Code of ClawTime Is Standing StillStanding StillStanding StillSince the Princess Is the KeyTo Unlock the TreacheryShe Cannot Avoid the Matching or the Scratching, Scratching, ScratchingWhen a Secret Plot is HatchingIn the Naming Is the CatchingWhat She Saw, It Is the FlawOf the Code of ClawTime is Turning BackTurning BackTurning BackWhen the Monster's Blood Is SpilledWhen the Warrior Has Been KilledYou Must Not Ingore the RappingOr the Tapping, Tapping, TappingIf the Gnawers Find you NappingYou Will Rot While They Are MappingOut the Law of Those Who GnawIn the Code of Claw
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|In war, our elders may give the orders...but it is the young who have to fight.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|If you will not die for us, you cannot ask us to die for you.
Hayao Miyazaki, The Wind Rises|But remember this, Japanese boy... airplanes are not tools for war. They are not for making money. Airplanes are beautiful dreams. Engineers turn dreams into reality.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|Fire's tears were real now, and there was no helping them, for there was no time. Everything was moving too fast. She crossed the room to him, put her arms around him, clung to him, turning her face to the side, learning all at once that it was awkward to show a person all of one's love when one's nose was broken.His arms came around her tightly, his breath short and hard against her hair. He held on to the silk of her hair and she pressed herself against him until her panic calmed to something desperate, but bea
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|We came to realise - first with astonishment, then bitterness, and finally with indifference - that intellect apparently wasn't the most important thing...not ideas, but the system; not freedom, but drill. We had joined up with enthusiasm and with good will; but they did everything to knock that out of us.
Robert Jordan, Crossroads of Twilight|If your enemy offers you two targets, strike at a third.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|It makes no difference what men think of war, said the judge. War endures. As well ask men what they think of stone. War was always here. Before man was, war waited for him. The ultimate trade awaiting its ultimate practitioner. That is the way it was and will be. That way and not some other way.
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War|For the whole earth is the tomb of famous men; not only are they commemorated by columns and inscriptions in their own country, but in foreign lands there dwells also an unwritten memorial of them, graven not on stone but in the hearts of men. Make them your examples, and, esteeming courage to be freedom and freedom to be happiness, do not weigh too nicely the perils of war."[Funeral Oration of Pericles]
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Frankly, our ancestors don't seem much to brag about. I mean, look at the state they left us in, with the wars, the broken planet. Clearly, they didn't care about what would happen to the people who came after them.
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|Fighting for peace, is like f***ing for chastity
Jon Stewart|Thomas Jefferson once said: 'Of course the people don't want war. But the people can be brought to the bidding of their leader. All you have to do is tell them they're being attacked and denounce the pacifists for somehow a lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country.' I think that was Jefferson. Oh wait. That was Hermann Goering. Shoot."[Hosting the Peabody Awards for broadcasting excellence at the New York Waldorf-Astoria, June 6, 2006]
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|There are roads which must not be followed, armies which must not be attacked, towns which must not be besieged, positions which must not be contested, commands of the sovereign which must not be obeyed.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk|Heroes who shed their blood and lost their lives! You are now lying in the soil of a friendly country. Therefore rest in peace. There is no difference between the Johnnies and Mehmets to us where they lie side by side here in this country of ours. You, the mothers, who sent their sons from far away countries wipe away your tears; your sons are now lying in our bosom and are in peace. After having lost their lives on this land they have become our sons as well.
William T. Sherman|It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, more vengeance, more desolation. War is hell.
Eve Merriam|I dream of giving birth to a child who will ask, Mother, what was war?
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger and Other Stories|There has never been a just [war], never an honorable one--on the part of the instigator of the war. I can see a million years ahead, and this rule will never change in so many as half a dozen instances. The loud little handful--as usual--will shout for the war. The pulpit will--warily and cautiously--object--at first; the great, big, dull bulk of the nation will rub its sleepy eyes and try to make out why there should be a war, and will say, earnestly and indignantly, 'It is unjust and dishonorable, and there is no necessity for it.' Then the handful will shout louder. A few fair men on the other side will argue and reason against the war with speech and pen, and at first will have a hearing and be applauded; but it will not last long; those others will outshout them, and presently the anti-war audiences will thin out and lose popularity. Before long you will see this curious thing: the speakers stoned from the platform, and free speech strangled by hordes of furious men who in their secret hearts are still at one with those stoned speakers--as earlier--but do not dare say so. And now the whole nation--pulpit and all--will take up the war-cry, and shout itself hoarse, and mob any honest man who ventures to open his mouth; and presently such mouths will cease to open. Next the statesmen will invent cheap lies, putting the blame upon the nation that is attacked, and every man will be glad of those conscience-soothing falsities, and will diligently study them, and refuse to examine any refutations of them; and thus he will by and by convince himself the war is just, and will thank God for the better sleep he enjoys after this process of grotesque self-deception.
Leon Trotsky|You may not be interested in war, but war is interested in you.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Great results, can be achieved with small forces.
Rachel Higginson, Endless Magic|And you're right, I do love you Eden. I will follow you into eternity, or until after this weekend when we all die gruesome, painful deaths... But with every breath I have left, I will use it to love you. Because, Eden, I want this... You; I want you more than life, more than anything. There was a time when I didn't think I was strong enough to face you again, or what is between us. I was too afraid of the heartache, of being shattered again. But now, it doesn't matter, nothing matters except you. I will take an eternity of hardship, of war or fighting my father, or anything, just to hold your love again. You are everything to me, my sun, my moon, the air I breathe. Nothing exists accept you. I love you.
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|He says we need to live in the real world, where war and death are a reality, not pretend.
Jean-Paul Sartre|Once you hear the details of victory, it is hard to distinguish it from a defeat.
Alan Moore, Watchmen|It is the oldest ironies that are still the most satisfying: man, when preparing for bloody war, will orate loudly and most eloquently in the name of peace.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|The whole secret lies in confusing the enemy, so that he cannot fathom our real intent.
William Shakespeare, Henry V|Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more;Or close the wall up with our English dead!In peace there's nothing so becomes a manAs modest stillness and humility:But when the blast of war blows in our ears,Then imitate the action of the tiger.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If your opponent is of choleric temper,  seek to irritate him.  Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|War." Gorgon spits the word. "That is what they call it to give the illusion of honor and law. It is chaos. Madness and blood and the hunger to win. It has always been thus and shall always be so.
Robert E. Lee|It is well that war is so terrible, or we should grow too fond of it.
Lori Goodwin|Even in times of trauma, we try to maintain a sense of normality until we no longer can. That, my friends, is called surviving. Not healing. We never become whole again ... we are survivors. If you are here today... you are a survivor. But those of us who have made it thru hell and are still standing? We bare a different name: warriors.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|It was my view then, and still is, that you don't make war without knowing why. Knowledge of course, is always imperfect, but it seemed to me that when a nation goes to war it must have reasonable confidence in the justice and imperative of its cause. You can't fix your mistakes. Once people are dead, you can't make them undead.
