Steve López, The Soloist: A Lost Dream, an Unlikely Friendship, and the Redemptive Power of Music|.. a friend is someone who inspires, who challenges, who sends you in search of some truer sense of yourself..
Kate Hudson|No matter how far you take it with your friends, whether you're fighting with them or you hate them for two months, you just really need them, because they're the ones who teach you the most about yourself.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|His hand closed automatically around the fake Horcrux but in spite of everything, in spite of the dark and twisting path he saw stretching ahead for himself, in spite of the final meeting with Voldemort he knew must come whether in a month in a year or in ten, he felt his heart lift at the thought that there was still one last golden day of peace left to enjoy with Ron and Hermione.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|Friendships take minutes to make, moments to break, years to repair.
Robin Wasserman, Greed|They had battled and bloodied one another, they had kept secrets, broken hearts, lied, betrayed, exiled, they had walked away, said goodbye and sworn it was forever, and somehow, every time, they had mended, they had forgiven, they had survived. Some mistakes could never be fixed - some, but not all. Some people can't be driven away, no matter how hard you try. Some friendships won't break.
Nick Hornby|We spent all those years talking about stuff we had in common, and the last few months noticing all the ways we were different and it broke both of our hearts.
Shannon Hale, The Goose Girl|When you get tired of worrying and mourning your horse and trying not to be afraid, tell me and I'll do it for you a while so you can shut your eyes and sleep peaceful.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Nico scowled. ‘It’s none of your business, but I don’t belong. That’s obvious. No one wants me. I’m a child of –’ ‘Oh, please.’ Will sounded unusually angry. ‘Nobody at Camp Half-Blood ever pushed you away. You have friends – or at least people who would like to be your friend. You pushed yourself away. If you’d get your head out of that brooding cloud of yours for once –
E.W. Howe|When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
Benjamin Franklin|Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
Bahá'u'lláh|Do not be content with showing friendship in words alone, let your heart burn with loving kindness for all who may cross your path.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|Boys, Laila came to see, treated friendship the way they treated the sun: its existence undisputed; its radiance best enjoyed, not beheld directly.
Jean de La Fontaine|Everyone calls himself a friend, but only a fool relies on it: nothing is commoner than the name, nothing rarer than the thing.
Nancy Werlin, Impossible|It is absolutely okay with me if you need to keep some secrets. I've been thinking about this and I decided that a best friend is someone who, when they don't understand, they still understand.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|Some people need a red carpet rolled out in front of them in order to walk forward into friendship. They can't see the tiny outstretched hands all around them, everywhere, like leaves on trees.
M.T. Anderson, Whales on Stilts: M. T. Anderson's Thrilling Tales|There are times when friendship feels like running down a hill together as fast as you can, jumping over things, spinning around, and you don't care where you're going, and you don't care where you've come from, because all that matters is speed, and the hands holding your hands.
Richelle Mead, Blood Promise|There was a lot of apologizing going on, but I realized that was how it was with people you cared about. You forgave each other and moved on.
J.D. Robb, Promises in Death|There it was, Eve supposed. There was the answer to why people got tangled up with people. Because when you were down, when you were wallowing, someone you mattered to would ask if you were okay.
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God|Has it ever occurred to you that one hundred pianos all tuned to the same fork are automatically tuned to each other? They are of one accord by being tuned, not to each other, but to another standard to which each one must individually bow. So one hundred worshipers met together, each one looking away to Christ, are in heart nearer to each other than they could possibly be, were they to become 'unity' conscious and turn their eyes away from God to strive for closer fellowship.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|You know, Jacob, if it weren’t for the fact that we’re natural enemies and that you’re also trying to steal away the reason for my existence, I might actually like you.
Jodee Blanco, Please Stop Laughing at Me... One Woman's Inspirational Story|What a desperate, pathetic fool I was. Time after time, my "friends" had shown me their true colors. Yet, I still wanted to believe they were sorry for causing me pain. p. 128
Cathy Hopkins|There will always be people for and against you, and its pointless wasting time trying to win over some of the people who are against you. Spend time with people who are for you. Those realtionships are worth it.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|Best friends, no matter what they do or how much they hurt you, it only hurts as much as it does because they are your best friend. And none of us are perfect. Mistakes were made for best friends to forgive; it’s what makes being a best friend official.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|You can trust us to stick to you through thick and thin – to the bitter end. And you can trust us to keep any secret of yours – closer than you yourself keep it. But you cannot trust us to let you face trouble alone, and go off without a word. We are your friends, Frodo. Anyway: there it is. We know most of what Gandalf has told you. We know a good deal about the ring. We are horribly afraid–but we are coming with you; or following you like hounds.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed. When friendships are real, they are not glass threads or frost work but the solidest things we know.
Denise Hildreth Jones|Some things just couldn't be protectd from storms. Some things simply needed to be broken off...Once old thing were broken off, amazingly beautiful thing could grow in their place.
Rainbow Rowell, Carry On|She told me later that her parents had told her to steer clear of me at school. "My mum said that nobody really knew where you came from. And that you might be dangerous." "Why didn't you listen to her?" I asked. "Because nobody knew where you came from, Simon! And you might be dangerous!" "You have the worst survival instincts." "Also, I felt sorry for you," she said. "You were holding your wand backwards.
Windhy Puspitadewi, Confeito|Many people walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.
Dinah Maria Mulock Craik, A Life for a Life|Oh, the comfort, the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person; having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words, but to pour them all out, just as they are, chaff and grain together, knowing that a faithful hand will take and sift them, keep what is worth keeping, and then, with a breath of kindness, blow the rest away.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Isabelle was holding an umbrella. It was clear plastic, decorated with decals of colorful flowers. It was one of the girliest things Simon had ever seen, and he didn’t blame Alec for ducking out from under it and taking his chances with the rain.
Immanuel Kant|Seek not the favor of the multitude; it is seldom got by honest and lawful means. But seek the testimony of few; and number not voices, but weigh them.
Charlotte Brontë, The Life of Charlotte Brontë|If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship, we must love our friends for their sakes rather than for our own.
James Dashner, The Scorch Trials|They called you the Glue""The Glue?""Yeah. Probably because you're kind of the glue that holds us all together
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|And he looked lonely enough that she said, 'If you like, you could be my friend'.
C.S. Lewis|Are not lifelong friendships born at the moment when at last you meet another human being who has some inkling (but faint and uncertain even in the best) of that something which you were born desiring, and which, beneath the flux of other desires and in all the momentary silences between the louder passions, night and day, year by year, from childhood to old age, you are looking for, watching for, listening for? You have never had it.
Jim Butcher, White Night|Loneliness is a hard thing to handle. I feel it, sometimes. When I do, I want it to end. Sometimes, when you're near someone, when you touch them on some level that is deeper than the uselessly structured formality of casual civilized interaction, there's a sense of satisfaction in it. Or at least, there is for me. It doesn't have to be someone particularly nice. You don't have to like them. You don't even have to want to work with them. You might even want to punch them in the nose. Sometimes just making that connection is its own experience, its own reward.
Arthur C. Clarke, 2010: Odyssey Two|What was more, they had taken the first step toward genuine friendship. They had exchanged vulnerabilities.
Julie Kagawa, The Lost Prince|Care to join me, Goodfellow?”“Oh, ice-boy. A moonlight stroll with you? Do you even have to ask?
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|It could be a meeting on the street, or a party or a lecture, or just a simple, banal introduction, then suddenly there is a flash of recognition and the embers of kinship glow. There is an awakening between you, a sense of ancient knowing.
Terry Goodkind|...you'll find that being a friend is to like a person for who they are, even the parts you don't understand. You don't have to understand, or do the same, or live their lives for them. If you truly care for them, then you want them to be who they are; that was why you liked them in the first place.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|We'll be Friends Forever, won't we, Pooh?' asked Piglet.Even longer,' Pooh answered.”  Winnie-the-Pooh
Charles Caleb Colton|A hug is worth a thousand words. A friend is worth more."True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
Robin McKinley, Spindle's End|When they finished laughing they were on their way to being not just friends, but the dearest of friends, the sort of friends whose lives are shaped by the friendship.
Toni Morrison|She is a friend of mind. She gather me, man. The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order. It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Go on, have a pasty," said Harry, who had never had anything to share before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. It was a nice feeling, sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all Harry's pasties, cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).
Henri J.M. Nouwen|There is a twilight zone in our hearts that we ourselves cannot see. Even when we know quite a lot about ourselves-our gifts and weaknesses, our ambitions and aspirations, our motives and our drives-large parts of ourselves remain in the shadow of consciousness. This is a very good thing. We will always remain partially hidden to ourselves. Other people, especially those who love us, can often see our twilight zones better than we ourselves can. The way we are seen and understood by others is different from the way we see and understand ourselves. We will never fully know the significance of our presence in the lives of our friends. That's a grace, a grace that calls us not only to humility, but to a deep trust in those who love us. It is the twilight zones of our hearts where true friendships are born.
Flavia Weedn|Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some stay for a while, leave footprints on our hearts, and we are never, ever the same
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|The mark of Friendship is not that help will be given when the pinch comes (of course it will) but that, having been given, it makes no difference at all.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|It may...be judged indecent in me to come forward on this occasion; but when I see a fellow-creature about to perish through the cowardice of her pretended friends, I wish to be allowed to speak, that I may say what I know of her character.
Samuel Johnson|There can be no friendship without confidence, and no confidence without integrity.
Coco J. Ginger|Bittersweet? No, just bitter, the taste of your tongue.Words you can’t have back, so they linger.
David Levithan, Are We There Yet?|Here's what I think. We all want someone to build a fort with. We want somebody to swap crayons with and play hide-and-seek with and live out imaginary stories with. We start out getting that from our family. Then we get it from our friends. And then, for whatever reasons, we get it in our heads that we need to get that feeling- that intimacy- from a single someone else. We call if growing up. But really, when you take sex out of it, what we want is a companion. And we make that so damn hard to find.
Milan Kundera|I understand you, and I shall not attempt to make you change your mind. I am too old to want to improve the world. I have told you what I think, and that is all. I shall remain your friend even if you act contrary to my convictions, and I shall help you even if I disagree with you.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|It was almost comforting, this mutual acceptance of our secrets.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|We approach the house and I wave at Jimmy. "And if he thinks he's eating with us, he's got another thing coming," my dad says.Jimmy approaches us and takes the shopping bags from me, looking inside them."Lamb roast. Am I invited?
Rabindranath Tagore|The real frienship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken.
Jim Butcher, Blood Rites|Thomas was an annoying wiseass who tended to make everyone he met want to kill him, and when I have that much in common with someone, I can't help but like him a little.
Terra Elan McVoy, After the Kiss|and it is hard to let go, to imagine alternatives, but you are bold with unknowing, you are ready to explore.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|If you have but one friend, make sure you choose her well.
Jim Butcher, Proven Guilty|A bolt of warmth, fierce with joy and pride and gratitude, flashed through me like sudden lightning. I don’t care about whose DNA has recombined with whose. When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching—they are your family. And they were my heroes.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|I don't feel that way anymore," Nico muttered. "I mean... I gave up on Percy. I was young and impressionable, and I- I don't..."His voice cracked, and Jason could tell the guy was about to get teary-eyed. Whether Nico had really given up on Percy or not, Jason couldn't imagine what it had been like for Nico all those years, keeping a secret that would've been unthinkable to share in the 1940s, denying who he was, feeling completely alone- even more isolated than other demigods."Nico," he said gently, "I've seen a lot of brave things. But what you did? That was maybe the bravest.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|But friendship is precious, not only in the shade but in the sunshine of life; & thanks to a benevolent arrangement of things, the greater part of life is sunshine. I will recur for proof to the days we have lately passed. On these indeed the sun shone brightly.
Michel de Montaigne|If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
Jane Austen, Emma|Business, you know, may bring money, but friendship hardly ever does.
Pam Brown|A friendship can weather most things and thrive in thin soil; but it needs a little mulch of letters and phone calls and small, silly presents every so often - just to save it from drying out completely.
Patricia Briggs|He sighed. "I don't think an apology will do, Mercy. Because an apology implies that you wouldn't do it again. And, under the circumstances, you wouldn't do anything differently, would you?"No.
Lindsey Kelk, I Heart New York|If you didn't feel like your support system was strong enough, then getting yourself out of the situation was the best thing to do
Anne Carson, Grief Lessons: Four Plays by Euripides|Could you visit me in dreams? That would cheer me.Sweet to see friends in the night, however short the time.
Katie McGarry, Dare You To|Here's the thing- I love you and I love her, but I swear to God I'll kick your ass if you hurt her.
Aesop, Aesop's Fables|A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy. Let a man be one thing or the other, and we then know how to meet him.
L. Frank Baum, The Road to Oz|You have some queer friends, Dorothy,' she said.The queerness doesn't matter, so long as they're friends,' was the answer
Francis Bacon|Age appears best in four things: old wood to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust and old authors to read.
Christopher Morley|If we discovered that we had only five minutes left to say all that we wanted to say, every telephone booth would be occupied by people calling other people to stammer that they loved them.
Coco J. Ginger|I won’t let you have it. I won’t give you this moment. I won’t let you fill up this valuable organ...I own it. I won’t do it. I can’t think, I won’t think about it.
David Gemmell, Shield of Thunder|I may be stupid, as you say, to believe in honour and friendship and loyalty without price. But these are virtues to be cherished, for without them we are no more than beasts roaming the land.
Ed Cunningham|Friends are those rare people who ask how we are, and then wait to hear the answer.
Kate Jacobs, The Friday Night Knitting Club|The thing is, that when you're young, you always think you'll meet all sorts of wonderful people, that drifting apart and losing friends is natural. You don't worry, at first, about the friends you leave behind. But as you get older, it gets harder to build friendships. Too many defenses, too little opportunity. You get busy. And by the time you realize that you've lost the dearest best friend you've ever had, years have gone by and you're mature enough to be embarrassed by your attitude and, frankly, by your arrogance.
Mardy Grothe|Here's champagne for our real friends, and real pain for our sham friends.
Richard Russo, Empire Falls|What if all everybody needed in the world was to be sure of one friend? What if you were the one, and you refused to say those simple words?
C. JoyBell C.|There are two kinds of friendship: the beneficial friendship and the erroneous friendship. The erroneous friendship balances on the principle of "the closer we are, the more okay it is for me to say anything I want to you and for me to treat you any way that I want to, and for me to disrespect you and take advantage of you" while a true friendship is rooted in this principle: "the closer we are, the more respect I have for you, the better I will treat you, the higher I will regard you, the more good things I will wish for you." You will know someone is a true friend by basis of observing their actions towards you as the friendship grows deeper. A true friend will continue to hold you in higher and higher regard while the error of a friend will see your goodwill and newfound fondness as basis to do and say whatever he/she wants, that is disrespectful and non-beneficial to you.
Shannon Hale, The Goose Girl|My friends call me by my name.""You don't have any friends.""I don't want you to be my friend, Selia, or my servant, not now. I thought you were both. You have let me know I was wrong. So are you to treat me so. You are wrong.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|Did you just tell us you're gay?" Asks Nick"Yes.""Okay," he says. Abby swats him. "What?""That's all you're going to say? Okay?""He said not to make a big deal out of it," Nick says. "What am I supposed to say?""Say something supportive. I don't know. Or awkwardly hold his hand like I did. Anything"Nick and I look at each other."I'm not holding your hand," I tell him, smiling a little."All right"--he nods--"but know that I would.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Ah, how good it feels! The hand of an old friend.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|I know now that we never get over great losses; we absorb them, and they carve us into different, often kinder, creatures. ...We tell the story to get them back, to capture the traces of footfalls through the snow.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|Then, suddenly again, Christopher Robin, who was still looking at the world, with his chin in his hand, called out "Pooh!" "Yes?" said Pooh. "When I'm--when--Pooh!" "Yes, Christopher Robin?" "I'm not going to do Nothing any more." "Never again?" "Well, not so much. They don't let you." Pooh waited for him to go on, but he was silent again. "Yes, Christopher Robin?" said Pooh helpfully. "Pooh, when I'm--you know--when I'm not doing Nothing, will you come up here sometimes?" "Just me?" "Yes, Pooh." "Will you be here too?" "Yes Pooh, I will be really. I promise I will be Pooh." "That's good," said Pooh. "Pooh, promise you won't forget about me, ever. Not even when I'm a hundred." Pooh thought for a little. "How old shall I be then?" "Ninety-nine." Pooh nodded. "I promise," he said. Still with his eyes on the world Christopher Robin put out a hand and felt Pooh's paw. "Pooh," said Christopher Robin earnestly, "if I--if I'm not quite--" he stopped and tried again-- "Pooh, whatever happens, you will understand, won't you?" "Understand what?" "Oh, nothing." He laughed and jumped to his feet. "Come on!" "Where?" said Pooh. "Anywhere." said Christopher Robin.So, they went off together. But wherever they go, and whatever happens to them on the way, in that enchanted place on the top of the Forest, a little boy and his Bear will always be playing.
Brian Thompson, A Monkey Among Crocodiles: The Life, Loves And Lawsuits Of Mrs Georgina Weldon|I feel a horror for exaggerated love or friendship. It's just too well demonstrated to me that when the moment comes that one asks something, or has need of something, the responce is not worth a biscuit.
Kate Kerrigan, The Miracle of Grace|We both grew so used to each other, so comfortable with the naturalness and ease of our friendship, that we became sloppy about keeping our relationship a secret. It was not that we were physically demonstrative or obviously in love, more that it had become impossible for us to hide our close involvement. We had gradually acquired the unmistakable air of old-love: finishing each other's sentences and speaking to each other with an offhand, presuming intimacy that was eventually noticed.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil, The Letters of Abélard and Héloïse|If the portraits of our absent friends are pleasant to us, which renew our memory of them and relieve our regret for their absence by a false and empty consolation, how much more pleasant are letters which bring us the written characters of the absent friend.
Barbara Cohen, Seven Daughters and Seven Sons|Listen to me, Amin," I said slowly. "Listen to me very carefully. Nothing is the same. Nothing will ever be the same again. There lives on this earth a woman who can be my friend and my lover. Do you understand that? Do you understand what a marvelous thing that is?""A friend is a friend," Uthman interrupted, "and a woman is a woman. You can't have them in one person. The whole world knows that.""If that's what the whole world knows, ...then the whole world is wrong. I believed the whole world, and I lost her.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|There are very few friends that will lie down with you on empty streets in the middle of the night, without a word. No questions, no asking why, just quietly lay there with you, observing the stars, until you're ready to get back up on your feet again and walk the last bit home, softly holding your hand as a quiet way of saying “I'm here”.It was a beautiful night.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|All we really want is for no one to have a boring life, to be impressive, so we can be impressed. ~ on the friends we choose.
Sherwood Anderson, Winesburg, Ohio|In that high place in the darkness the two oddly sensitive human atoms held each other tightly and waited. In the mind of each was the same thought. "I have come to this lonely place and here is this other," was the substance of the thing felt.
W.H. Auden|The friends who met here and embraced are gone,Each to his own mistake;
P.G. Wodehouse, Carry on, Jeeves|Well, you know, there are limits to the sacred claims of friendship.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|It made me shiver. And I about made up my mind to pray, and see if I couldn't try to quit being the kind of a boy I was and be better. So I kneeled down. But the words wouldn't come. Why wouldn't they? It warn't no use to try and hide it from Him. Nor from ME, neither. I knowed very well why they wouldn't come. It was because my heart warn't right; it was because I warn't square; it was because I was playing double. I was letting ON to give up sin, but away inside of me I was holding on to the biggest one of all. I was trying to make my mouth SAY I would do the right thing and the clean thing, and go and write to that nigger's owner and tell where he was; but deep down in me I knowed it was a lie, and He knowed it. You can't pray a lie--I found that out. So I was full of trouble, full as I could be; and didn't know what to do. At last I had an idea; and I says, I'll go and write the letter--and then see if I can pray. Why, it was astonishing, the way I felt as light as a feather right straight off, and my troubles all gone. So I got a piece of paper and a pencil, all glad and excited, and set down and wrote:Miss Watson, your runaway nigger Jim is down here two mile below Pikesville, and Mr. Phelps has got him and he will give him up for the reward if you send.HUCK FINN.I felt good and all washed clean of sin for the first time I had ever felt so in my life, and I knowed I could pray now. But I didn't do it straight off, but laid the paper down and set there thinking--thinking how good it was all this happened so, and how near I come to being lost and going to hell. And went on thinking. And got to thinking over our trip down the river; and I see Jim before me all the time: in the day and in the night-time, sometimes moonlight, sometimes storms, and we a-floating along, talking and singing and laughing. But somehow I couldn't seem to strike no places to harden me against him, but only the other kind. I'd see him standing my watch on top of his'n, 'stead of calling me, so I could go on sleeping; and see him how glad he was when I come back out of the fog; and when I come to him again in the swamp, up there where the feud was; and such-like times; and would always call me honey, and pet me and do everything he could think of for me, and how good he always was; and at last I struck the time I saved him by telling the men we had small-pox aboard, and he was so grateful, and said I was the best friend old Jim ever had in the world, and the ONLY one he's got now; and then I happened to look around and see that paper.It was a close place. I took it up, and held it in my hand. I was a-trembling, because I'd got to decide, forever, betwixt two things, and I knowed it. I studied a minute, sort of holding my breath, and then says to myself:"All right, then, I'll GO to hell"--and tore it up.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Gambler|People really do like seeing their best friends humiliated; a large part of the friendship is based on humiliation; and that is an old truth,well known to all intelligent people.
Shannon Hale, Enna Burning|And Isi always listened, never told Enna she had been foolish, never said hollow things like 'You'll be all right.' . . . Isi saw Enna's struggle and her sadness, and she understood.
Mark Twain|I don't like to commit myself about Heaven and Hell, you see, I have friends in both places.
Tim Fargo|Your friends will believe in your potential, your enemies will make you live up to it.
Willa Cather, My Mortal Enemy|It's all very well to tell us to forgive our enemies; our enemies can never hurt us very much. But oh, what about forgiving our friends?
Chris Bradford, The Way of the Sword|Wherever it is you may be, it is your friends who make your world.
Hayley Williams|now I'm told that this is life, that pain is just a simple comprimise so we can get what we want out of it. Would someone care to classify a broken heart and some twisted minds so I can find someone to rely on?
Jess C. Scott, Skins, Animal Stories|Never mind, said Hachiko each day. Here I wait, for my friend who’s late. I will stay, just to walk beside you for one more day.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|God, how we get our fingers in each other's clay. That's friendship, each playing the potter to see what shapes we can make of each other.
William Penn|A true friend unbosoms freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably
Julie Metz, Perfection: A Memoir of Betrayal and Renewal|She was my friend and I loved her and relied on her, even though there were days when her moodiness and fragility frightened me, because they reminded me of my own tenuous grasp on life.
David Nicholls, One Day|A moment passed, perhaps half a second when their faces said what they felt, and then Emma was smiling, laughing, her arms around his neck.
Thomas Jefferson|Peace, commerce, and honest friendship with all nations...entangling alliances with none
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|Dia wrinkled her nose. “Gross. You need a decent girl, one that can straighten you out.”“I don't need to be straightened out,” Carmine said. “Why drown in love when you can have so much fun swimming in lust?
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Maybe I was naïve to think that silence was implicit complacence, instead of a festering question. Maybe I was silly to believe that friends owed each other anything.
Mark Twain|The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|I don't want to be your friend, baby. I am your friend.
John Green, This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl|I dislike the phrase 'Internet friends,' because it implies that people you know online aren't really your friends, that somehow the friendship is less real or meaningful to you because it happens through Skype or text messages. The measure of a friendship is not its physicality but its significance.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey|May your adventures bring you closer together, even as they take you far away from home.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|One of the principal functions of a friend is to suffer (in a milder and symbolic form) the punishments that we should like, but are unable, to inflict upon our enemies.
Gautama Buddha|It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways.
John Masefield|The distant soul can shake the distant friend's soul and make the longing felt, over untold miles.
Jim Butcher, Changes|Lea stood upon a fallen log ahead of us, staring ahead. Mouse walked up to her.Gggrrrr rawf arrrgggrrrrarrrr," I said.Mouse gave me an impatient glance, and somehow--I don't know if it was something in his body language or what--I became aware that he was telling me to sit down and shut up or he'd come over and make me.I sat down. Something in me really didn't like that idea, but when I looked around, I saw that everyone else had done it too, and that made me feel better.Mouse said, again in what sounded like perfectly clear English, "Funny. Now restore them."Lea turned to look at the big dog and said, "Do you dare to give me commands, hound?"Not your hound," Mouse said. I didn't know how he was doing it. His mouth wasn't moving or anything. "Restore them before I rip your ass off. Literally rip it off."The Leanansidhe tilted her head back and let out a low laugh. "You are far from your sources of power here, my dear demon."I live with a wizard. I cheat." He took a step toward her and his lips peeled up from his fangs in unmistakable hostility. "You want to restore them? Or do I kill you and get them back that way?"Lea narrowed her eyes. Then she said, "You're bluffing."One of the big dog's huge, clawed paws dug at the ground, as if bracing him for a leap, and his growl seemed to . . . I looked down and checked. It didn't seem to shake the ground. The ground was actually shaking for several feet in every direction of the dog. Motes of blue light began to fall from his jaws, thickly enough that it looked quite a bit like he was foaming at the mouth. "Try me."The Leanansidhe shook her head slowly. Then she said, "How did Dresden ever win you?"He didn't," Mouse said. "I won him.
Laura Nowlin, If He Had Been with Me|I've loved him my whole life, and somewhere along the way, that love didn't change but grew. It grew to fill the parts of me that I did not have when I was a child. It grew with every new longing of my body and desire until there was not a piece of me that did not love him. And when I look at him, there is no other feeling in me.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|It’s never the value of water but thirst, it’s never the value of life but death and it’s never about the friendship but trust.
Loretta Girzaitis|If someone listens, or stretches out a hand, or whispers a kind word of encouragement, or attempts to understand a lonely person, extraordinary things begin to happen.
Charles Kingsley|Friendship is like a glass ornament, once it is broken it can rarely be put back together exactly the same way.
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|The classics tell us that, in relationships, the one between teacher and student comes second only to the one between parent and child.
Jim Butcher, Changes|Murphy watched me thoughtfully for several empty seconds. Then she said, very gently, "You're a good man, Harry."I swallowed and bowed my head, made humble by the tone of her voice and the expression on her face, more than the words themselves.Not always rational," she said, smiling. "But you're the best kind of crazy.
Patrick O'Brian, Post Captain|I sew his ears on from time to time, sure.
Rusty Berkus|There comes that mysterious meeting in life when someone acknowledges who we are and what we can be, igniting the circuits of our highest potential.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|Females and males watched Rhysand throughout the hall—and the shadowsinger and I made a game of betting on who, exactly, would work up the nerve to invite the High Lord home.
John Christopher, The Pool of Fire|I was remembering the things we had done together, the times we had had. It would have been pleasant to preserve that comradeship in the days that came after. Pleasant, but alas, impossible. That which had brought us together had gone, and now our paths diverged, according to our natures and needs. We would meet again, from time to time, but always a little more as strangers; until perhaps at last, as old men with only memories left, we could sit together and try to share them.
Helen Oyeyemi, Mr. Fox|I’m never sad when a friend goes far away, because whichever city or country that friend goes to, they turn the place friendly. They turn a suspicious-looking name on the map into a place where a welcome can be found. Maybe the friend will talk about you sometimes, to other friends that live around him, and then that’s almost as good as being there yourself. You’re in several places at once! In fact, my daughter, I would even go so far as to say that the further away your friends, and the more spread out they are the better your chances of going safely through the world…
A.A. Milne, Now We Are Six|Wherever I am, there's always Pooh,There's always Pooh and Me.Whatever I do, he wants to do,"Where are you going today?" says Pooh:"Well, that's very odd 'cos I was too.Let's go together," says Pooh, says he."Let's go together," says Pooh.
Dinah Maria Mulock Craik, A Life for a Life|But oh! the blessing it is to have a friend to whom one can speak fearlessly on any subject; with whom one's deepest as well as one's most foolish thoughts come out simply and safely. Oh, the comfort - the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person - having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words, but pouring them all right out, just as they are, chaff and grain together; certain that a faithful hand will take and sift them, keep what is worth keeping, and then with the breath of kindness blow the rest away.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|He looked at his friend, perhaps for the last time, and said what he had always known, from the moment they’d met, when he’d understood that the prince was his brother in soul. “I love you.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|People who bore one another should meet seldom; people who interest one another, often.
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|I wish I could draw you how I see you. I'd draw a boy with the most magnetic smile, and the kindest hands, and eyes that are gloomy, but can sometimes be bright. I'd draw a boy who deserves to see the ocean.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|This pause in time, within time ... When did I first experience the exquisite sense of surrender that is only possible with another person? The peace of mind one experiences on one's own, one's certainty of self in the serenity of solitude, are nothing in comparison to the release and openness and fluency one shares with another, in close companionship ...
Abraham Cowley|May I a small house and large garden have;And a few friends,And many books, both true.
Erin Hunter, Fading Echoes|Once a friend, always a friend. Why should borders stop that?
Tonny K. Brown|A friend is someone that asks, 'how are you,' and really wants to hear the truth.
Primadonna Angela|Some friends gladly stay, some move away. Some come and go, but their affections grow. While some, I recall, are not friends at all.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Why should I cumber myself with regrets that the receiver is not capacious? It never troubles the sun that some of his rays fall wide and vain into ungrateful space, and only a small part on the reflecting planet. Let your greatness educate the crude and cold companion.
Alyson Noel, Radiance|Somewhere in the crowd was at least one potential friend who'd understand the fundamental value of goofing off.Because if not, how boring would that be?
Anne Perry, Pentecost Alley|Please don’t think so lightly of liking someone. It’s terribly important. It is a kind of loving, you know, and one that frequently lasts a lot longer than romance. You can fall out of love, as well in. Most of us do, especially if you don’t actually like the person as well. It doesn’t always grow into love by any means, but sometimes it does.
Gina Barreca, It's Not That I'm Bitter . . .: Or How I Learned to Stop Worrying About Visible Panty Lines and Conquered the World|How about "diamonds are a girl's best friends"? Nope. It should be switched around and pointed out, instead, that your best friends are diamonds.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|So I guess you could say Neel owes me a few favors, except that so many favors have passed between us now that they are no longer distinguishable as individual acts, just a bright haze of loyalty. Our friendship is a nebula.
Stephen Schwartz, Wicked [With CD (Audio)]|I'm through accepting limits''cause someone says they're soSome things I cannot changeBut till I try, I'll never know!Too long I've been afraid ofLosing love I guess I've lostWell, if that's loveIt comes at much too high a cost!
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Friendship is a precious thing, Sayuri. One mustn't throw it away.
Michael J. Sullivan, Heir of Novron|I am officially turning him over to you. He's your problem now. You'll have to watch out for him and that won't be easy. He's naive, gullible, immature, horribly unsophisticated, ignorant about anything worth knowing, and idealistic to a fault." He paused to make a show of thinking harder. "He's also indecisive, pathetically honest, a horrible liar, and too virtuous for words. He gets up twice each night to relieve himself, wads his clothes rather than folds them, chews with his mouth open, and talks with his mouth full. He has a nasty habit of cracking his knuckles every morning at breakfast, and, of course, he snores. To remedy that, just put a rock under his blanket.
John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men|I ain't got no people. I seen the guys that go around on the ranches alone. That ain't no good. They don't have no fun. After a long time they get mean. They get wantin' to fight all the time. . . 'Course Lennie's a God damn nuisance most of the time, but you get used to goin' around with a guy an' you can't get rid of him.
Spider Robinson, Callahan's Crosstime Saloon|Some guys step on a rake in the dark, and get mad and go punch somebody. Others step on a rake in the dark and fall down laughing at themselves. I know which kind of guy I'd rather be. So do my friends.
Thomas Fuller|Be a friend to thyself, and others will be so too.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Was it you or I who stumbled first? It does not matter. The one of us who finds the strength to get up first, must help the other.
Fulton J. Sheen|In every friendship hearts grow and entwine themselves together, so that the two hearts seem to make only one heart with only a common thought. That is why separation is so painful; it is not so much two hearts separating, but one being torn asunder.
William T. Sherman|Grant stood by me when I was crazy, and I stood by him when he was drunk, and now we stand by each other.
T.H. White, The Sword in the Stone|Perhaps he does not want to be friends with you until he knows what you are like. With owls, it is never easy-come-easy-go.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|For I do not want any one to read my book carelessly. I have suffered too much grief in setting down these memories. Six years have already passed since my friend went away from me, with his sheep. If I try to describe him here, it is to make sure that I shall not forget him. To forget a friend is sad. Not every one has had a friend. And if I forget him, I may become like the grown-ups who are no longer interested in anything but figures.
Morgan Matson, Since You've Been Gone|When you move as much as I have...you know how it ends. You promise to stay in touch with people, but it doesn't work out. It never does. And you forgot about what the friendship used to be like, why you liked that person. And I hated it. And I just didn't want to do it again. Not with you.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Once when I had remarked on the affection quite often found between cat and dog, my friend replied, "Yes. But I bet no dog would ever confess it to the other dogs.
Robert Goolrick, The End of the World as We Know It: Scenes from a Life|Their love for me was both a myth and a torture and so I wrecked everything. I hurt them, and I left them hurting.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Friendship, then, like the other natural loves, is unable to save itself. In reality, because it is spiritual and therefore faces a subtler enemy, it must, even more wholeheartedly than they, invoke the divine protection if it hopes to remain sweet. For consider how narrow its true path is. Is must not become what the people call a "mutual admiration society"; yet if it is not full of mutual admiration, of Appreciative love, it is not Friendship at all.
Stephen King, The Eyes of the Dragon|I think that real friendship always makes us feel such sweet gratitude, because the world almost always seems like a very hard desert, and the flowers that grow there seem to grow against such high odds.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|It’s not mind-reading,’ she said. ‘Not even an empathy link. Just … a temporary wave of exhaustion. Primal emotions. Your pain washes over me. I take on some of your burden.’Nico’s expression became guarded. He twisted the silver skull ring on his finger, the same way Reyna did with her silver ring when she was thinking. Sharing a habit with the son of Hades made her uneasy.
Lisa Ann Sandell, Song of the Sparrow|But, I believe," I continue, "I know what true love is - or what it should be." "What should it be?" Tristan asks, his voice soft now. "It should be a friendship and truly knowing who a person is, knowing his flaws and hopes and strengths and fears, knowing all of it. And admiring and caring for - loving the person because of those things.
Cecelia Ahern|I don’t want to beone of those easily forgotten people, so important at the time, so special, soinfluential, and so treasured, yet years later just a vague face and a distantmemory.
Milan Kundera, Encounter|Unlike the puerile loyalty to a conviction, loyalty to a friend is a virtue - perhaps the only virtue, the last remaining one.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|This is what I miss, Cordelia: not something that’s gone, but something that will never happen. Two old women giggling over their tea.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|So I ring Justine Kalinsky and I say, "It's Francesca Spinelli," and she says, "Francesca, you've got to stop using last names. How are you doing?" and I say "I feel like shit", and I don't know how it happens, but by eight o'clock that night I'm lying next to her on the couch with Siobhan and Tara and we're eating junk food and watching a Keanu movie. And I want to stay on that couch for the rest of my life.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|Like so many plain cups on the shelves. You can reach for them, use them without thinking. Most of them don't matter. Sometimes you lose your grip on one of them and it falls and smashes to piece, and you shrug and say to yourself, what a pity. Then you reach for the cup that you use every day, one that you love and use so often that as you stretch out your hand it is already making the shape that fits its curve. You are certain that yesterday it was in its proper place, but now there is nothing. Just air. You have lost something that was so familiar, so much a part of your life that you were not even looking for it. Just expecting it to be there, as always.
Patrick Ness, The Rest of Us Just Live Here|And yeah, I know most people would think it weird that two guy friends touch as much as we do, but when you choose your family, you get to choose how it is between you, too. This is how we work. I hope you get to choose your family and I hope it means as much to you as mine does to me.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|He pulled the Carstairs family ring from his finger and held it out to Will. "Take it."Will let his eyes drift down toward it, and then up to Jem's face. A dozen awful things he could say, or do, went through his mind. One did not slough off a persona so quickly, he had found. He had pretended to be cruel for so many years that the pretense was still what he reached for first, as a man might absently turn his carriage toward the home he had lived in for all his life, despite the fact that he had recently moved. "You wish to marry me now?" he said, at last.
Henry David Thoreau|There is danger that we lose sight of what our friend is absolutely, while considering what she is to us alone.
Ron Hall, Same Kind of Different as Me|Bein friends is like being soldiers in the army. You live together, you fight together; you die together.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Kidnapped by Robert Louis Stevenson, Fiction, Classics, Action & Adventure|Alan," cried I, "what makes ye so good to me? What makes ye care for such a thankless fellow?"Deed, and I don't, know" said Alan. "For just precisely what I thought I liked about ye, was that ye never quarrelled:—and now I like ye better!
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Peaches|Leeda knew friends never turned out to be what you expected. They came and went in waves, pulling away and coming back, leaving you feeling safe one minute and lost the next.
Joss Stirling, Stealing Phoenix|If there’s one thing I learned, it is that blood families can sometimes be the pits; it’s the one you make for yourself that really gives you a home and people to love.
Veronica Roth|Psyche you out?" I repeat. "I'm your FRIEND. I wouldn't do that." He doesn't say anything. I can tell he doesn't believe me-not quite.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|How do you bear it?" Finnick looks at me in disbelief. "I don't, Katniss! Obviously, I don't. I drag myself out of nightmares each morning and find there's no relief in waking up." Something in my expression stops him. "Better not give in to it. It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart.
Emily Brontë, The Complete Poems|Love is like the wild rose-briar; Friendship like the holly-tree. The holly is dark when the rose-briar blooms, but which will bloom most constantly?
John Green, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|There is always the risk: something is good and good and good and good, and then all at once it gets awkward. All at once, she sees you looking at her, and then she doesn't want to joke around with you anymore, because she doesn't want to seem flirty, because she doesn't want you to think she likes you. It’s such a disaster, whenever, in the course of human relationships, someone begins to chisel away at the wall of separation between friendship and kissing. Breaking down that wall is the kind of story that might have a happy middle— oh, look, we broke down this wall, I’m going to look at you like a girl and you’re going to look at me like a boy and we’re going to play a fun game called Can I Put My Hand There What About There What About There. And sometimes that happy middle looks so great that you can convince yourself that it’s not the middle but will last forever.
Teresa of Ávila|If this is how you treat your friends, no wonder you have so many enemies.
Omar Khayyám, Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam|O friend, for the morrow let us not worryThis moment we have now, let us not hurryWhen our time comes, we shall not tarryWith seven thousand-year-olds, our burden carry
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|Hello, companion," said Magnus.The monkey made a terrible sound, half snarl and half hiss."I begin to rather doubt the beauty of our friendship," said Magnus.
Ann Patchett, Truth and Beauty|Whenever I saw her, I felt like I had been living in another country, doing moderately well in another language, and then she showed up speaking English and suddenly I could speak with all the complexity and nuance that I hadn't realized was gone. With Lucy I was a native speaker.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|What’s so phony nowadays is all this familiarity. Pretending there isn’t any difference between people —well, like you were saying about minorities, this morning. If you and I are no different, what do we have to give each other? How can we ever be friends?
Antonin Sertillanges, The Intellectual Life: Its Spirit, Conditions, Methods|Friendship is an obstetric art; it draws out our richest and deepest resources; it unfolds the wings of our dreams and hidden indeterminate thoughts; it serves as a check on our judgements, tries out our new ideas, keeps up our ardor, and inflames our enthusiasm.
Sarah Dessen, Keeping the Moon|As Isabel acted out her date, both of them laughing, I stayed in the kitchen, out of sight, and pretended she was telling me, too. And that, for once, I was part of this hidden language of laughter and silliness and girls that was, somehow, friendship.
Nadia Scrieva, Fathoms of Forgiveness|Each meeting occurs at the precise moment for which it was meant. Usually, when it will have the greatest impact on our lives.
Jim Butcher, Changes|Maybe you know the monsters, Martin," Murphy said quietly. "But I know the guy who stops them. And if they don't return the girl, we'll make them regret it." She nodded at me and said, "Let's go. We can watch Dresden kill the bitch.
Heather Duffy Stone, This Is What I Want to Tell You|I had the feeling she was going to say something big. One of us had to say it. What happened to us? Where are we going? It was like this silence between us was frozen and we were both feeling our way around it. How is it that two people can need each other so absolutely and then, in moments, not even know how to be next to each other and just be quiet?
Hiro Mashima|Is that your reason for fighting?! We're different!!! We fight for the sake of our injured friends!!! No matter if our opponents are humans, demons, or even gods!!!
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|I came to realize that one single human being, comprehended in his depth, who gives generously from the treasures of his heart, bestows on us more riches than Caesar or Alexander could ever conquer. Here is our kingdom, the best of monarchies, the best republic. Here is our garden, our happiness.
John Chrysostom|A friend is more to be longed for than the light; I speak of a genuine one. And wonder not: for it were better for us that the sun should be extinguished, than that we should be deprived of friends; better to live in darkness, than to be without friends
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|And like a favorite old movie, sometimes the sameness in a friend is what you like the most about her.
Lemmy Kilmister|As you go through life's rich tapestry, you realize that most people you meet aren't fit to shine your shoes. It's a sad fact, but it's true. A good friend is someone who'd hide you if you were on the run for murder. How many of them do you know?
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|I didn't care if he was a genius or a fucking idiot, he was rotting away, and it wasn't fun to watch.
Cassandra Clare, The Last Stand of the New York Institute|I have been a friend to Shadowhunters. I know many of your families, going back for hundreds of years.""There is nothing we can do to correct the questionable judgments of our ancestors," Lucian said.Magnus hated this guy.
Shelly Crane, Significance|It's my job as best friend to make sure he's not a serial killer. Or an English major, not sure which one's worse.
Katherine Mansfield|I am treating you as my friend, asking you to share my present minuses in the hope that I can ask you to share my future plusses.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|Comamandering is not a word.It has letters, doesn't it? Sounds like a word to me.
Jennifer Haigh, The Condition|It was a lesson most people learned much earlier; that even friendship could have an undisclosed shelf life. That loyalty and affection, so consuming and powerful, could dissipate like fog.
Mariama Bâ, So Long a Letter|Friendship has splendors that love knows not. It grows stronger when crossed, whereas obstacles kill love. Friendship resists time, which wearies and severs couples. It has heights unknown to love.
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|Into the dark night Resignedly I go, I am not so afraid of the dark night As the friends I do not know,I do not fear the night aboveAs I fear the friends below.
Carrie Vaughn, Kitty Takes a Holiday|You're lucky to have a friend who will kill for you."So. I once had a friend who died for me, and now one who killed for me. Why didn't I feel lucky?
Kristin Hannah, Firefly Lane|Do you love him?"How would I know?"You'd know.
P.G. Wodehouse|Great pals we've always been. In fact there was a time when I had an idea I was in love with Cynthia. However, it blew over. A dashed pretty and lively and attractive girl, mind you, but full of ideals and all that. I may be wronging her, but I have an idea that she's the sort of girl who would want a fellow to carve out a career and what not. I know I've heard her speak favourably of Napoleon. So what with one thing and another the jolly old frenzy sort of petered out, and now we're just pals. I think she's a topper, and she thinks me next door to a looney, so everything's nice and matey.
Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood|You know how some people, when they're together, they somehow make you feel more hopeful? Make you feel like the world is not the insane place it really is?
Hans Selye|As much as we thirst for approval, we dread condemnation.
Jim Butcher, Changes|I choose my battles, Dresden. Not you." She looked up at me calmly. "Let me put this in terms that will get through your skull: My friend is going to save a child from monsters. I'm going with him. That's what friends do, Harry.
James Patterson, Angel|It was a little weird that they were friends. But then, maybe freaks just tended to find each other.
Hiro Mashima|When we're all alone, it might be to frightening to bear... but we're all right beside each other. We've got our friends close by! Now, there's nothing to fear! Because we're not alone!!!
Bonnie Jensen|Contrary to popular belief, going shopping is really about stopping afterward for cheesecake.
Orson Scott Card|Where loyalty bound creatures together, they became something larger, something new and whole and inexplicable.
Cath Crowley, A Little Wanting Song|We watch her walk into the spotlight she’s been been hiding from most of her life. Sure, friendship is all about believing in someone so hard they believe it, too. Sure, it’s about trust. But if anyone hurts her tonight, it’s about ripping them apart with my bare hands and really enjoying it.
Deborah Eisenberg, The Stories|Stop that Stuart," Patty said as Stuart struggled with the suitcases, which were too heavy for him, she thought. (Almost everything was way too heavy for Stuart.)" Just put those down. Besides," Patty said, "where will you go? You don't have anyplace to go." But Stuart took her hand and held it for a moment against his closed eyes, and despite the many occasions when Patty had wanted him to go, and the several occasions when she had tried to make him go, despite the fact that he was at his most enragingly pathetic, for once she could think of nothing, nothing at all that he could be trying to shame her into or shame her out of, and so it occurred to her that this he would really leave---that he was simply saying good-bye. All along, Patty had been unaware that time is as adhesive as love, and that the more time you spend with someone the greater the likelihood of finding yourself with a permanent sort of thing to deal with that people casually refer to as "friendship," as if that were the end of the matter,when the truth is that even if "your friend" does something annoying, or if you and "your friend" decided that you hate each other, or if "your friend" moves away and you lose each other's address, you still have a friendship, and although it can change shape, look different in different lights, become an embarrassment or an encumbrance or a sorrow, it can't simply cease to have existed, no matter how far into the past it sinks, so attempts to disavow or destroy it will not merely constitute betrayals of friendship but, more practically, are bound to be fruitless, causing damage only to the humans involved rather than to that gummy jungle(friendship)in which those humans have entrapped themselves, so if sometime in the future you're not going to want to have been a particular person's friend, or if you're not going to want to have had that particular friendship you and that person can make with one another, then don't be friends with that person at all, don't talk to that person, don't go anywhere near that person, because as soon as you start to see something from that person's point of view (which, inevitably, will be as soon as you stand next to that person) common ground is sure to slide under your feet.
Jonathan Lethem, Men and Cartoons: Stories|As I get older I find that the friendships that are the most certain, ultimately, are the ones where you and the other person have made substantial amounts of money for one another.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Jason’s heart lifted when he saw Nico di Angelo on the front lines with the Greeks, slashing his way through a crowd of two-headed men.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Oh, September! It is so soon for you to lose your friends to good work and strange loves and high ambitions. The sadness of that is too grown-up for you. Like whiskey and voting, it is a dangerous and heady business, as heavy as years. If I could keep your little tribe together forever, I would. I do so want to be generous. But some stories sprout bright vines that tendril off beyond our sight, carrying the folk we love best with them, and if I knew how to accept that with grace, I would share the secret.
Natsuo Kirino, Real World|Friends are a weird thing. It seems like they know all about you, but then they don’t understand you at all.
Barack Obama|it’s important to make sure that we’re talking with each other in a way that heals, not in a way that wounds.
David Rakoff|Is there some lesson on how to be friends?I think what it means is that central to livinga life that is good is a life that's forgiving.We're creatures of contact regardless of whetherwe kiss or we wound. Still, we must come together.Though it may spell destruction, we still ask for more--since it beats staying dry but so lonely on shore.So we make ourselves open while knowing full wellit's essentially saying "please, come pierce my shell.
Nina LaCour|I was so blinded by her talent that I didn't recognize the tremendous pain behind her work. She gave me hundreds of images, so many chances to see that she was in trouble. I failed her.
Charise Mericle Harper, Flashcards of My Life|Even though friends say they are interested in your life, they never really want to talk about you as much as you want them to. (68)
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes|The good Watson had at that time deserted me for a wife, the only selfish action I can recall in our association. I was alone.
William James|Human beings are born into this little span of life of which the best thing is its friendships and intimacies … and yet they leave their friendships and intimacies with no cultivation, to grow as they will by the roadside, expecting them to "keep" by force of mere inertia.
Elizabeth Wein, Rose Under Fire|But people need lift, too. People don't get moving, they don't soar, they don't achieve great heights, without someone buoying them up.
Frank Delaney, The Matchmaker of Kenmare|Do you know what the difference is between Friendship and Love? Friendship is the photograph, Love is the oil painting.
CLAMP, Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE, Vol. 16|Yuuko, speaking to Fai: To all the young ones in your group, you are no longer someone who passes through their lives and is forgotten. You have become someone very important to them. Your hardships are their hardships too.
Lilith Saintcrow|You're my friend, Danny. You understand? There's no debt between friends."Maybe it's just that the debt gets so high you stop counting it.
Joe Hill, NOS4A2|Everyone lives in two worlds,” Maggie said, speaking in an absentminded sort of way while she studied her letters. “There’s the real world, with all its annoying facts and rules. In the real world, there are things that are true and things that aren’t. Mostly the real world s-s-s-suh-sucks. But everyone also lives in the world inside their own head. An inscape, a world of thought. In a world made of thought—in an inscape—every idea is a fact. Emotions are as real as gravity. Dreams are as powerful as history. Creative people, like writers, and Henry Rollins, spend a lot of their time hanging out in their thoughtworld. S-s-strong creatives, though, can use a knife to cut the stitches between the two worlds, can bring them together. Your bike. My tiles. Those are our knives.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|I didn't mind that it was always about you, Darrow. That was what burned Tactus, but not me. I'm not in love with you like Mustang. I don't worship you like Sevro or the Howlers. I was a true friend. I was someone who saw your light and your dark and accepted both without judgement, without agenda...
Edmund Spenser, The Faerie Queene, Books Three and Four|So furiously each other did assayle, As if their soules they would attonce haue rent Out of their brests, that streames of bloud did rayle Adowne, as if their springes of life were spent; That all the ground with purple bloud was sprent, And all their armours staynd with bloudie gore, Yet scarcely once to breath would they relent, So mortall was their malice and so sore,Become of fayned friendship which they vow'd afore.
Charlaine Harris, Dead in the Family|How is Eric?''Very tightly wound. Plus, a lot of stuff happened that he'll tell you about.''Thanks for the warning. I'll go to the house now. You're my favorite breather.''Oh. Well ... great.'She hung up.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|They’d welcomed him aboard their ship. Nico had never allowed himself the luxury of friends, but the crew of the Argo II was as close as he’d ever come. The idea of any of them dying made him feel empty – like he was back in the giants’ bronze jar, alone in the dark, subsisting only on sour pomegranate seeds.
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|How it's so easy for her to not feel anything at all, to be just completely gone, to not be around to see how fucked up she's made me. She got to disappear completely and I feel like I'm about to combust.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|That’s what happens to friends, eventually. They leave you. It’s practically what they’re for.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Give me that man that is not passion's slave, and I will wear him in my heart's core, in my heart of heart, as I do thee.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|That what?" "That I knew i misjudged you. That you love him. I'm not saying In what way. Maybe you don't know yourself. But anyone paying attention could see how much you care about him," he says gently.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|The typical expression of opening Friendship would be something like, 'What? You too? I thought I was the only one!
Myles Munroe, Waiting and Dating|Friendship is not a gift, but is the result of hard work.
Charlotte Eriksson|I want to learn how to speak to anyone at any time and make us both feel a little bit better, lighter, richer, with no commitments of ever meeting again. I want to learn how to stand wherever with whoever and still feel stable. I want to learn how to unlock the locks to our minds, my mind, so that when I hear opinions or views that don’t match up with mine, I can still listen and understand. I want to burn up lifeless habits of following maps and to-do lists, concentrated liquids to burn my mind and throatand I want to go back to the way nature shaped me. I want to learn to go on well with whatever I have in my hands at the momentin a natural state of mind,certain like the sea.I will find comfort in the rhythm of the sea.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Clary," he said. "You're Clary. You're my best friend.
Wallace Stegner, Crossing to Safety|[Friendship] is a relationship that has no formal shape, there are no rules or obligations or bonds as in marriage or the family, it is held together by neither law nor property nor blood, there is no glue in it but mutual liking. It is therefore rare.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|Do you want to hang out? At your place or something?" Hanging out with Jimmy Hailler will mean that I have to say hello to him every day. I'm not ready to say hello to him every day. Too much commitment. It's bad enough that I'm sharing chocolate brownies swith him. I shake my head. "Not today.
Sam Killermann|If you can do nothing else, do whatever is in your power to make the people in your life feel completely unashamed of who they are.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Icehenge|And in this curious state I had the realization, at the moment of seeing that stranger there, that I was a person like everybody else. That I was known by my actions and words, that my internal universe was unavailable for inspection by others. They didn't know. They didn't know, because I never told them.
Leila Howland, Nantucket Blue|Without a best friend to tell stories to, it almost didn't matter if they even happened.
Baltasar Gracián|True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... To find one real friend in a lifetime is a good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|When Nico had woken up at Barrachina and found the Hunters’ note about kidnapping Reyna, he’d torn apart the courtyard in rage. He didn’t want the Hunters stealing another important person from him. Fortunately, he’d got Reyna back, but he didn’t like how brooding she had become. Every time he tried to ask her about the incident on the Calle San Jose – those ghosts on the balcony, all staring at her, whispering accusations – Reyna shut him down.
David Almond, Skellig|I thought how you can never tell just by looking at them what they were thinking or what was happening In their lives. Even when you got daft people or drunk people on buses, people that went on stupid and shouted rubbish or tried to tell you all about themselves, you could never really tell about them either... I knew if somebody looked at me, they'd know nothing about me, either.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|I want someone to sit beside after the day's pursuit and all its anguish, after its listening, and its waitings, and its suspicions. After quarrelling and reconciliation I need privacy - to be alone with you, to set this hubbub in order. For I am as neat as a cat in my habits.
David Nicholls, One Day|If you're my friend I should be able to talk to you but I can't, and if I can't talk to you, well, what is the point of you? Of us?
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|Who are you anyway? What are you even doing here?”“Haven,” she said quietly, peeking at him.He gazed at her peculiarly. “Heaven? No, this definitely isn't Heaven. But I get why you’re confused, since I'm standing in front of you.” She stared at him, and hecracked a smile. “I'm kidding. Well, kinda… I have been told I've taken a girl to Heaven a time or two.”“Haven, not Heaven,” she said, louder than before. Nothing about the conversation made sense to her. “My name’s Haven.
Leonard Cohen|Friend, when you speak this carefully I know it is because you don't know what to say.
Jamie Oliver|If you can eat with mates or friends or family, I mean, it's such a brilliant thing isn't it? If you feel really rubbish and you have a nice bit of food it makes you feel good, you know?
R.A. Salvatore|These were the companions who justified my principles, who gave me the strength to continue against any foe, real or imagined. These were the companions who fought the helplessness, the rage, and frustration.These were the friends who gave me my life.
Rachel Vincent, My Soul to Lose|Em didn't truly understand about my panic attacks - no one did. But she'd never pushed me to explain, never tried to ditch me when things got weird, and never once looked at me like I was a freak.
E. Lockhart, Real Live Boyfriends: Yes. Boyfriends, Plural. If My Life Weren't Complicated, I Wouldn't Be Ruby Oliver|Get over it, Roo. If you have friends who actually like you, you’re popular enough.
Emma Frances Dawson, An Itinerant House, And Other Ghost Stories|It is as easy to find a lover as to keep a friend, but as hard to find a friend as to keep a lover.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend and Other Stories|But it was hard to keep his hands still. He could almost feel them twitching emphatically with his strong desire to reach out and stroke the dog's head. He had such a terrible yearning to love something again, and the dog was such a beautiful ugly dog.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|I never say the things I really want to. If I did, I'd have no friends.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|There can't be a quarrel without two parties, and I won't be one. I will be a friend to you in spite of you. So now you know what you've got to expect
Catherine Doyle, Inferno|The whole point of being a good friend is being in the darkness. I’ll be your light, until you can be it yourself again.
Sydney Smith|Madam, I have been looking for a person who disliked gravy all my life; let us swear eternal friendship.
Makoto Shinkai, 5 Centimeters per Second|I love you. I can't remember when I fell in love with you but very naturally, I had fallen in love with you before I knew it. The first time I met you, you were a strong and kind boy. You always protected me.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Courtship of Miles Standish|Yes, we must ever be friends; and of all who offer you friendship let me be ever the first, the truest, the nearest and dearest!
Ralph Waldo Emerson|In good company there is never such discourse between two, across the table, as takes place when you leave them alone. In good company, the individuals merge their egotism into a social soul exactly coextensive with the several consciousnesses there present. No partialities of friend to friend, no fondnesses of brother to sister, of wife to husband, are there pertinent, but quite otherwise. Only he may then speak who can sail on the common thought of the party, and not poorly limited to his own. Now this convention, which good sense demands, destroys the high freedom of great conversation, which requires an absolute running of two souls into one.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Nico didn’t respond. He’d never had anyone talk to him this openly before, except maybe for Hazel. He felt like he was watching a flock of birds settle on a field. One loud sound might startle them away.
Julia Child, My Life in France|Remember, 'No one's more important than people'! In other words, friendship is the most important thing--not career or housework, or one's fatigue--and it needs to be tended and nurtured.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Such lonely, lost things you find on your way. It would be easier, if you were the only one lost. But lost children always find each other, in the dark, in the cold. It is as though they are magnetized and can only attract their like. How I would like to lead you to brave, stalwart friends who would protect you and play games with dice and teach you delightful songs that have no sad endings. If you would only leave cages locked and turn away from unloved Wyverns, you could stay Heartless.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|Even when I'm alone I have real good company — dreams and imaginations and pretendings. I like to be alone now and then, just to think over things and taste them. But I love friendships — and nice, jolly little times with people.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Alone among unsympathetic companions, I hold certain views and standards timidly, half ashamed to avow them and half doubtful if they can after all be right. Put me back among my Friends and in half an hour - in ten minutes - these same views and standards become once more indisputable. The opinion of this little circle, while I am in it, outweighs that of a thousand outsiders: as Friendship strengthens, it will do this even when my Friends are far away. For we all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men "after our own heart." Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|[That wall] might be breached sometime in the future, but for now the only real conversation between them was the roots that had already grown low and deep, under the wall, where they could not be broken.The most terrible thing, though, was the fear that the wall could never be breached, that in his heart Alai was glad of the separation, and was ready to be Ender's enemy. For now that they could not be together, they must be infinitely apart, and what had been sure and unshakable was now fragile and insubstantial; from the moment we are not together, Alai is a stranger, for he has a life now that will be no part of mine, and that means that when I see him we will not know each other.
François de La Rochefoucauld|How rare true love maybe, it is less so than true friendship.
Brian Jacques, The Legend of Luke|Sometimes friends do go from us-it will happen more and more as you grow up, Chugg. But if you really love your friends, they're never really gone. Somewhere they're watching over you and they're always there inside your heart.-Martin
Bryan Davis, Raising Dragons|Forever and ever Bonnie, I will always be your friend.
Hilaire Belloc|For no one, in our long decline,So dusty, spiteful and divided,Had quite such pleasant friends as mine,Or loved them half as much as I did.
Ai Yazawa|If my tears spilled spontaneously at that moment it’s because I immediately understood that what was happening, like in a dream, was the treat you had prepared for me I felt your friendship much stronger than if you had thanked me a million times that what pleased and touched me.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|Odd as this might sound, I suppose I’m glad you’re here, Jacob. [Edward Cullen]
E. Lockhart, Real Live Boyfriends: Yes. Boyfriends, Plural. If My Life Weren't Complicated, I Wouldn't Be Ruby Oliver|Meghan pushed her chocolate cheesecake across the table to me. I hadn’t gotten paid yet for November, so I had only ordered coffee. “Here,” she said.“Don’t you want it?”“Sure I want it. I ordered it. But I’m giving it to you.”“Why?”Meghan stood up and got me a fork. “Remember what Nora said about love? In your movie?”“Love is when you have a really amazing piece of cake, and it’s the very last piece, but you let him have it,” I said.“So it’s really amazing cake,” said Meghan. “And I want you to have it.
Coco J. Ginger|I HOLDIf I could have had him,I could have let himgo.But withoutthe having there was nothing—so to the nothingIhold.
Barbara Samuel, The Sleeping Night|How could you carry the inside of a person with you and not call them a friend, no matter what the rules said?
Andrea Michaels, Reflections Of A Successful Wallflower: Lessons In Business; Lessons In Life|Friendship is the most important thing in my life. It's rare to have friends like I've got. If I had as great a taste in husbands as I have in friends, what an even better life I would have had!
Claudia Gray, Afterlife|I went to him in the doorway and embraced him tightly. "Thank you," I whispered. "You've done so much for us, and we've done nothing for you.""Don't say that." Vic's hands patted my back. "You're my friends. Nothing else to it.
Cecelia Ahern|Every single time you crossed over for me and met me on my side. I realize now, I don't think I ever met you in the middle. And I don't think I ever once said that you for that.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Pain is strong, aye - but friends' eyes, more strong." I told him that he knows next to nothing about me & I know nothing about him. He jabbed at his eyes & jabbed at mine, as if that single gesture were ample explanation.
Jennifer E. Smith, This Is What Happy Looks Like|It had always been the two of them through everything -every adventure and every expedition- and now there was this awful distance between them, and she tried not to think about all the stories they were missing out on, all the litle moments and bigger milestones that had happened over the past few weeks without the other knowing
Harold Brodkey, Profane Friendship|In our opposed forms of loneliness and self-recognition and recognition of the other, we touched each other often as we spoke; and on shore in explorations of the past, we strolled with our arms linked...
H. Jackson Brown Jr., The Complete Life's Little Instruction Book|#1425: When you really like someone, tell them. Sometimes you only get one chance.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|I'm not that bad,” he said. “I'm rich, popular. I have a sense of humor. I'm good looking, and not to mention I have a really big—
Agatha Christie, Murder Is Easy|Liking is more important than loving. It lasts. I want what is between us to last, Luke. I don't want us just to love each other and marry and get tired of each other and then want to marry some one else.""Oh! my dear Love, I know. You want reality. So do I. What's between us will last for ever because it's founded on reality.
Gary D. Schmidt, The Wednesday Wars|Whatever it means to be a friend, taking a black eye for someone has to be in it.
Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves|Tell me, where in life is there a value that would make us consider suicide uncalled for on principle! Love? Or friendship? I guarantee that friendship is not a bit less fickle than love and it is impossible to build anything on it. Self-love? I wish it were possible.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|A new friend is always a miracle, but at thirty-three years old, such a bird of paradise rising in the sage-brush was an avatar. One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
Edward M. Hallowell, Dare to Forgive: The Power of Letting Go & Moving on|To let friendship die away by negligence and silence is certainly not wise. It is voluntarily to throw away one of the greatest comforts of this weary pilgrimage." ~Samuel Johnson
Julia Hoban, Willow|I bought you something" Willows blurts out."You bought...What?"Willow closes her eyes for a second. She's a little surprised she's going to give it to him after all, but there's no going back now. She has to."At the bookstore." She reaches into her bag again, and pushes the package across the table towards him.Guy takes the book out of the bag slowly, Willow waits for him to look disappointed, to look confused that she would buy him such a battered, old-"I love it when used books have notes in the margins, it's the best," Guy says as he flips through the pages. "I always imagine who read it before me." He pauses and looks at one of Prospero's speeches. "I have way too much homework to read this now, but you know what? Screw it. I want to know why it's your favorite Shakespeare. Thank you, that was really nice of you. I mean, you really didn't have to.""But I did anyway," Willow says so quietly she's not even sure hears her.Hey," Guy frowns for a second. "You didn't write anything in here.""Oh, I didn't even think...I, well, I wouldn't even know what to write," Willow says shyly."Well, maybe you'll think of something later," he says.Willow watches Guy read the opening. There's no mistaking it. His smile is genuine, and she can't help thinking that if she can't make David look like this, at least she can do it for someone.
Alison Croggon|It is good to dress in fair clothes to dine with friends. It honors your host, if you are a guest; and your guest if you are a host. And both adorn the feast, and so celebrate the gifts of the world.
David Gemmell, Fall of Kings|I was a man before I was a king, and no true man walks away when a friend needs him.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|Was it okay? Adam had turned down so many offers of help from Gansey. Money for school, money for food, money for rent. Pity and charity, Adam had thought. For so long, he'd wanted Gansey to see him as an equal, but it was possible that all this time, the only person who needed to see that was Adam. Now he could see that it wasn't charity Gansey was offering. It was just truth. And something else: friendship of the unshakable kind. Friendship you could swear on. That could be busted nearly to breaking and come back stronger than before.
Alina Baker|We can't choose our blood, but we can choose those who run importance in our lives.
Helen Salter, Does Snogging Count as Exercise?|Having friends was really important, wasn't it? Even if sometimes they did stuff which upset you?
Edward Carpenter, The Intermediate Sex: A Study of Some Transitional Types of Men and Women|That men of this kind despise women, though a not uncommon belief, is one which hardly appears to be justified. Indeed, though naturally not inclined to 'fall in love' in this direction, such men are by their nature drawn rather near to women, and it would seem that they often feel a singular appreciation and understanding of the emotional needs and destinies of the other sex, leading in many cases to a genuine though what is called 'Platonic' friendship. There is little doubt that they are often instinctively sought after by women, who, without suspecting the real cause, are conscious of a sympathetic chord in the homogenic which they miss in the normal man.
Jude Morgan, Indiscretion|That's the way girls are isn't it? They swear eternal friendship, and then as soon as a man's in the case it's all forgotten.
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|I can take everything on her face at face value, and that's valuable in a friend.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|Nothing gives you confidence like being a member of a small, weirdly specific, hard-to-find demographic.
Brandon Sanderson, The Alloy of Law|Wayne: You wanna know why I really came to find you?Waxilliam: Why?Wayne: I thought of you happy in a comfy bed, resting and relaxing, spending the rest of your life sipping tea and reading papers while people bring you food and maids rub your toes and stuff.Waxilliam: And?Wayne: And I just couldn't leave you to a fate like that...I'm too good a friend to let a mate of mine die in such a terrible situation.Waxilliam: Comfortable?Wayne: No. Boring.
Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir|When you meet an extraordinary person, it’s like they get inside you, under your ribs, and shuffle everything inside you around until they find space for greatness to grow. But extraordinary people always get away. And when they leave, they take that little part of you with them. Suddenly you find yourself with a gap in your chest that you don’t know how to live with. Suddenly you’re frightened of being yourself without them.
Bertrand Russell, The Conquest of Happiness|If we were all given by magic the power to read each other’s thoughts, I suppose the first effect would be almost all friendships would be dissolved; the second effect, however, might be excellent, for a world without any friends would be felt to be intolerable, and we should learn to like each other without needing a veil of illusion to conceal from ourselves that we did not think each other absolutely perfect.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|Thank goodness, we can choose our friends. We have to take our relatives as they are, and be thankful…
Randy Murray|A writer is a dangerous friend. Everything you say, all of your life and experience, is fodder for our writing. We mean you no harm, but what you know and what you’ve done is unavoidably fascinating to us. Being friends with a writer is a bit like trying to keep a bear as a pet. They’re wonderful, friendly creatures, but they play rough and they don’t know their own strength or remember that they have claws. Choose the stories you tell to your writer friends carefully.
Henry Fielding, The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling|For I hope my Friends will pardon me, when I declare, I know none of them without a Fault; and I should be sorry if I could imagine, I had any Friend who could not see mine. Forgiveness, of this Kind, we give and demand in Turn.
Diana Wynne Jones, Conrad's Fate|After that, all the while Millie was eating the pudding... we both tore Christopher's character to shreds. It was wonderful fun.... He drove everyone mad in Chrestomanci Castle by insisting on silk shirts and exactly the right kind of pajamas. 'And he could get them right anyway by magic,' Millie told me, 'if he wasn't too lazy to learn how.... But the thing that really annoys me is the way he never bothers to learn a person's name. If a person isn't important to him, he always forgets their name.'When Millie said this, I realized that Christopher had never once forgotten my name...
Doris Lessing, Old Age of El Magnifico|What a luxury a cat is, the moments of shocking and startling pleasure in a day, the feel of the beast, the soft sleekness under your palm, the warmth when you wake on a cold night, the grace and charm even in a quite ordinary workaday puss. Cat walks across your room, and in that lonely stalk you see leopard or even panther, or it turns its head to acknowledge you and the yellow blaze of those eyes tells you what an exotic visitor you have here, in this household friend, the cat who purrs as you stroke, or rub his chin, or scratch his head.
Annette Curtis Klause, Blood and Chocolate|The Amoeba?" she asked Aiden."The gang," he said, tossing his hand to indicate all around. "Mypeople. A large amorphous mass that keeps on changing size, hasn'tmuch apparent use, sometimes makes you sick, and occasionally breaksoff into smaller parts that act exactly like the parent.
Hiro Mashima|If you are a guild, take care of your friends. That is all I have to say.
Lauren Groff, Delicate Edible Birds and Other Stories|Depressing thought: my friends were the girls I ate lunch with, all buddies from kindergarten who knew one another so well we weren't sure if we even liked one another anymore.
Jeanne DuPrau, The People of Sparks|Now Doon seemed to care for his new friends more than he did for her. Every time she thought about him she felt a thud of pain, like a bruised place inside her.
Alice Hoffman, Local Girls|Jill and I have known each other our whole lives. One house separates our houses but we act as if it doesn't exist. We met before we were born and we'll probably still know each other after we die. At least, that's the way we're planning it.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Friendship is something that gets harder to understand, every damn year of my life.Friendship is like a kind of algebra test that nobody passes. In my worst moods, I think the best you can say is that a friend is anyone you don't despise.
John Hodgman, That is All|Houdini, the magician who debunked magic, could not bear to see the great rationalist [Arthur Conan] Doyle enchanted by ghosts and frauds. And so he did what any friend would: He set out to prove spiritualism false and rob his friend Doyle of the only comforting fiction that was keeping him sane. It was the least he could do.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Because you're my friend, wingnut.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|I was the Duff. And that was a good thing. Because anyone who didn't feel like the Duff must not have friends. Every girl feels unattractive sometimes. Why had it taken me so long to figure that out? Why had I been stressing over that dumb word for so long when it was so simple? I should be proud to be the Duff. Proud to have great friends who, in their minds, were my Duffs.
Hark Herald Sarmiento|Friends never turn as enemies. If they did, they were never your friends at all.
Arthur Conan Doyle, A Scandal in Bohemia|By the way, Doctor, I shall want your cooperation.''I shall be delighted.''You don't mind breaking the law?''Not in the least.''Nor running a chance of arrest?''Not in a good cause.''Oh, the cause is excellent!''Then I am your man.''I was sure that I might rely on you.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|I’m gonna take a nap, Heaven,” he said, wanting away from her to clear his head. He didn’t like feeling uncomfortable in his house.“Haven,” she corrected him as he started to walk away.“I know,” he said. “I kinda like Heaven though.”She turned to him, and their eyes met for the first time since he’d walked into the room. “Me, too.
Shannon L. Alder|There comes a time in your life when you can no longer put off choosing. You have to choose one path or the other. You can live safe and be protected by people just like you, or you can stand up and be a leader for what is right. Always, remember this: People never remember the crowd; they remember the one person that had the courage to say and do what no one would do.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|That's right. You'll like Owl. He flew past a day or two ago and noticed me. He didn't actually say anything, mind you, but he knew it was me. Very friendly of him. Encouraging."Pooh and Piglet shuffled about a little and said, "Well, good-bye, Eeyore" as lingeringly as they could, but they had a long way to go, and wanted to be getting on."Good-bye," said Eeyore. "Mind you don't get blown away, little Piglet. You'd be missed. People would say `Where's little Piglet been blown to?' -- really wanting to know. Well, good-bye. And thank you for happening to pass me.
Anna Carey, Eve|What If I still want to go?" "Then you'll go," he said. "But I wanted you to know the danger." "There's always danger." His green eyes met mine. I was starting to see It, how It could happen-Caleb and me.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|It's and old, old story: I had a friend and we shared everything, and then she died and so we shared that, too.
Jay McInerney, Story of My Life|It's like, you can't trust anybody, and if somebody you know doesn't fuck you over it's just because the price of selling you down the river was never high enough.
Sherwood Smith|If more people recognized the difference between friendship and mere attraction, or how love must partake of both to prosper, I expect there'd be more happy people." "And a lot fewer poems and plays," I said, laughing as I splashed about in the scented water.
David Nicholls|So they were pen pals now, Emma composing long, intense letters crammed with jokes and underlining, forced banter and barely concealed longing; two-thousand-word acts of love on air-mail paper. Letters, like compilation tapes, were really vehicles for unexpressed emotions and she was clearly putting far too much time and energy into them. In return, Dexter sent her postcards with insufficient postage: ‘Amsterdam is MAD’, ‘Barcelona INSANE’, ‘Dublin ROCKS. Sick as DOG this morning.’ As a travel writer, he was no Bruce Chatwin, but still she would slip the postcards in the pocket of a heavy coat on long soulful walks on Ilkley Moor, searching for some hidden meaning in ‘VENICE COMPLETELY FLOODED!!!!
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Martin is your best friend, isn't he?' a sweet and well-intentioned girl once said when both of us were present: it was the only time I ever felt awkward about this precious idea, which seemed somehow to risk diminishment if it were uttered aloud.
Lynn Flewelling, Luck in the Shadows|You hardly know me. Why do you want me to come with you?""Who knows? Perhaps you remind me just a bit of—""Someone you used to know?" Alec interjected skepti
Jane Austen, Persuasion|My idea of good company, Mr Elliot, is the company of clever, well-informed people, who have a great deal of conversation; that is what I call good company.""You are mistaken," said he gently, "that is not good company; that is the best. Good company requires only birth, education, and manners (...)
Cecilia Dart-Thornton, Fallowblade|True friendship is worth more than can be measured, a quality forever to be treasured.True friends will staunchly stand beside each other,as loyally brother shieldeth brother,remaining firm in spite of war and strife,in poverty or sickness, throughout life.True friendship doth endure while comrades agefrom boy to youth, from warrior to sage.
William Nicholson, The Society of Others|In the midst of aches in the joints, anxiety over the payment of bills, concern for the safety of those you love, envy of the rich, fear of robbers, dog-weariness at the end of a long day, and the unacceptable slipping away of youth, there does occasionally appear, like a ray of light piercing the clouds, a moment of joy. Perhaps you have entered the house and sat down before removing your boots. A friend has pressed a drink into your hands, and is telling you the latest news. You see from his face that he's glad you've come in; and you are glad too. Glad to be sitting down, glad of the warming glow of the dirnk, glad of your friend's furrowed brow and eager speech. For this moment, nothing more is required. It is in its way unimprovable. This is what I mean by the Great Enough.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|Was Mrs. Wilcox one of the unsatisfactory people- there are many of them- who dangle intimacy and then withdraw it? They evoke our interests and affections, and keep the life of the spirit dawdling around them. Then they withdraw. When physical passion is involved, there is a definite name for such behaviour- flirting- and if carried far enough, it is punishable by law. But no law- not public opinion, even- punishes those who coquette with friendship, though the dull ache that they inflict, the sense of misdirected effort and exhaustion, may be as intolerable. Was she one of these?
Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World|I wish I could say we all lived happily ever after. I can't. But I can say we lived. Our love for Nate lives, and he's left us this piece of himself in his art; it was his gift to us. We know him through his art, and I can take comfort in that. I guess the thing about high school is, it's the moment when you start to cross from a being a kid to being an adult, and this journey to know yourself begins. Nate's journey ended to early, and I thought I had to run away to some far-off land to start mine. But, for now, it seems to me that I have enough to explore right here. There's a whole continent to discover in myself, and I know that it's love - love for my parents, my friends, my brother, and my art - that will guide me. Love will be my map.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|What if someone picks on me?" I askedThen I'll pick on them".What if someone picks my nose?" I asked.The I'll pick your nose, too" Rowdy said.
G. Randolf|‎Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, and impossible to forget.
Jillian Dodd, That Boy|She shocks the hell out of me when she asks, "Did you get engaged, Jade? She looks at me seriously. It's really hard for me not to just laugh hysterically in her face, but I refrain from doing so because I'm a good friend, and I realize that she's in distress. But her next question very nearly blows me away.
Stefan Molyneux|The cult of friendship disturbs me. It's like our quality is supposed to be measured by the number of friends we have. For me, it's quite the inverse. When somebody says "I'm friends with everyone" I just assume they have the spine of your average jellyfish and the integrity of your average soap dish. "I have tons of close friends!" Ok, then you obviously have no standards. "I've slept with lots of people!" Good, I will shake your hand from inside this Hazmat suit. It's like you have to have friends or you're nothing, and you gotta have lots of friends, and the more friends you have the more value you have. This Is a way of lowering our standards to fit in. I'm a big fan of quality over quantity. Everyone wants to look at their life like it's a beer commercial they can just climb into. The larger the circle of friends the more alcohol is involved to blind yourself to the fact that you cant stand most of these assholes.
Benjamin Wood, The Bellwether Revivals|Actually, I think it's the opposite. We know each other so well there isn't anything left to say. Sometimes it's nice just sitting here with you all, thinking. It's only best friends who can be comfortable with silence, wouldn't you say?
Cressida Cowell, How to Cheat a Dragon's Curse|Sometimes it is only a True Friend who knows what we mean when we try to speak. Somebody who has spent a lot of time with us, and listens carefully to what we are trying to say, and tries to understand.
George Orwell, 1984|Tragedy, he precieved, belonged to the ancient time, to a time when there were still privacy, love, and friendship, and when the members of a family stood by one another without needing to know the reason.
Kristin Levine, The Lions of Little Rock|I think a friend is someone who helps you change for the better. And whether you see them once a day or once a year, if it's a true friend, it doesn't matter.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|If I was harsh with you, it was because I cannot bear to see you treat yourself as if you are worth nothing. Whatever part you might act to the contrary, I see you as you really are, my blood brother. Not just better than you pretend to be, but better than most people could hope to be.
Mikhail Naimy, The Book of Mirdad: The Strange Story of a Monastery Which Was Once Called the Ark|Often you shall think your road impassable, sombre and companionless. Have will and plod along; and round each curve you shall find a new companion.
E.B. White, Charlotte's Web|I’ve got a new friend, all right. But what a gamble friendship is! Charlotte is fierce, brutal, scheming, bloodthirsty—everything I don’t like. How can I learn to like her, even though she is pretty and, of course, clever?
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|It's asking us our names," Falkor reported."I'm Atreyu!" Atreyu cried."I'm Falkor!" cried Falkor.The boy without a name was silent.Atreyu looked at him, then took him by the hand and cried: "He's Bastian Balthazar Bux!""It asks," Falkor translated, "why he doesn't speak for himself.""He can't," said Atreyu. "He has forgotten everything."Falkor listened again to the roaring of the fountain."Without memory, it says, he cannot come in. The snakes won't let him through."Atreyu replied: "I have stored up everything he told us about himself and his world. I vouch for him."Falkor listened."It wants to know by what right?""I am his friend," said Atreyu.
Lauren Myracle, Bliss|He slouches,' DeeDee contributes.'True--he needs to work on his posture,' Thelma says.'You guys,' I say.'I'm serious,' Thelma says. 'What if you get married? Don't you want to go to fancy dinners with him and be proud?''You guys. We are not getting married!''I love his eyes,' Jolene says. 'If your kids get his blue eyes and your dark hair--wouldn't that be fabulous?''The thing is,' Thelma says, 'and yes, I know, this is the tricky part--but I'm thinking Bliss has to actually talk to him. Am I right? Before they have their brood of brown-haired, blue-eyed children?'I swat her. "I'm not having Mitchell's children!''I'm sorry--what?' Thelma says.Jolene is shaking her head and pressing back laughter. Her expressing says, Shhh, you crazy girl!But I don't care. If they're going to embarrass me, then I'll embarrass them right back. 'I said'--I raise my voice--'I am not having Mitchell Truman's children!'Jolene turns beet red, and she and DeeDee dissolve into mad giggles.'Um, Bliss?' Thelma says. Her gaze travels upward to someone behind me. The way she sucks on her lip makes me nervous.'Okaaay, I think maybe I won't turn around,' I announce.A person of the male persuasion clears his throat.'Definitely not turning around,' I say. My cheeks are burning. It's freaky and alarming how much heat is radiating from one little me.'If you change your mind, we might be able to work something out,' the person of the male persuasion says.'About the children?' DeeDee asks. 'Or the turning around?''DeeDee!' Jolene says.'Both,' says the male-persuasion person.I shrink in my chair, but I raise my hand over my head and wave.'Um, hi,' I say to the person behind me whom I'm still not looking at. 'I'm Bliss.'Warm fingers clasp my own.'Pleased to meet you,' says the male-persuasion person. 'I'm Mitchell.''Hi, Mitchell.' I try to pull my hand from his grasp, but he won't let go. 'Um, bye now!'I tug harder. No luck. Thelma, DeeDee, and Jolene are close to peeing their pants.Fine. I twist around and give Mitchell the quickest of glances. His expressions is amused, and I grow even hotter.He squeezes my hand, then lets go. 'Just keep me in the loop if you do decide to bear my children. I'm happy to help out.' With that, he stride jauntily to the food line.Once he's gone, we lost it. Peals of laughter resound from our table, and the others in the cafeteria look at us funny. We laugh harder.'Did you see!' Thelma gasps. 'Did you see how proud he was?''You improve his posture!' Jolene says.'I'm so glad, since that was my deepest desire,' I say. 'Oh my God, I'm going to have to quit school and become a nun.''I can't believe you waved at him,' DeeDee says.'Your hand was like a little periscope,' Jolene says. 'Or, no--like a white surrender flag.''It was a surrender flag. I was surrendering myself to abject humiliation.''Oh, please,' Thelma says, pulling me into a sideways hug. 'Think of it this way: Now you've officially talked to him.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Always surround yourself with friends that have plenty of light in them. That way, you will always have candles around you when days are dark.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|Blue was perfectly aware that it was possible to have a friendship that wasn't all-encompassing, that wasn't blinding, deafening, maddening, quickening. It was just that now that she'd had this kind, she didn't want another.
Tana French, The Likeness|That kind of friendship doesn't just materialize at the end of the rainbow one morning in a soft-focus Hollywood haze. For it to last this long, and at such close quarters, some serious work had gone into it. Ask any ice-skater or ballet dancer or show jumper, anyone who lives by beautiful moving things: nothing takes as much work as effortlessness.
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|Ove çould not in all honesty remember how it all started. It wasn't the sort of dispute where you did remember. It was more an argument where the little disagreements had ended up so entangled that every new word was treacherously booby-trapped, and in the end it wasn't possible to open one's mouth at all without setting off at least four unexploded mines from earlier conflicts. It was the sort of argument that had just run, and run, and run. Until one day it just ran out.
Cat Clarke, Torn|This is the real way a friendship ends. Not with some huge screaming row, but with a gradual withdrawal. You’d think it would be less painful this way.
Augustine of Hippo|What madness, to love a man as something more than human! I lived in a fever, convulsed with tears and sighs that allowed me neither rest nor peace of mind. My soul was a burden, bruised and bleeding. It was tired of the man who carried it, but I found no place to set it down to rest. Neither the charm of the countryside nor the sweet scents of a garden could soothe it. It found no peace in song or laughter, none in the company of friends at table or in the pleasures of love, none even in books or poetry. Everything that was not what my friend had been was dull and distasteful. I had heart only for sighs and tears, for in them alone I found some shred of consolation.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|I feel as if something has been torn suddenly out of my life and left a terrible hole. I feel as if I couldn't be I — as if I must have changed into somebody else and couldn't get used to it. It gives me a horrible lonely, dazed, helpless feeling. It's good to see you again — it seems as if you were a sort of anchor for my drifting soul.
William Shakespeare|But if the while I think on thee, dear friend,All losses are restored and sorrows end.
John Tibbetts|To know a person in his home is not to know him at all: to meet him on a country road with only his baggage is to at last contact the core, the inner cell of his personality.
Ambrose Bierce|acquaintance, n.: A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.
Rosemary Sutcliff, The Eagle of the Ninth|Esca tossed the slender papyrus roll onto the cot, and set his own hands over Marcus's. "I have not served the Centurion because I was his slave," he said, dropping unconsciously into the speech of his own people. "I have served Marcus, and it was not slave-service...my stomach will be glad when we start on this hunting trail.
Stevie Smith, Novel on Yellow Paper|My friendships, they are a very strong part of my life, they are as light as gossamer but also they are as strong as steel. And I cannot throw them off, nor altogether do with them or without them. And I love them at the point where they say: It is nice to see you again. And I love them too at the point when they say: Good-bye, come again soon. The rhythm of friendship is a very good rhythm.
C.S. Lewis|Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: "What! You too?
Joan Reardon, As Always, Julia: The Letters of Julia Child and Avis DeVoto: Food, Friendship, and the Making of a Masterpiece|To think that we might easily have gone through life not knowing each other, missing all this free flow of love and ideas and warmth and sharing... We share really almost everything. (Avis DeVoto to Julia Child)
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|..he had trampled her poor, pining heart, and the wound was still raw, even these many years later.
Richard Paul Evans|It is in the dark times that the light of friendship shines brightest. (The Walk - Chapter 19, Page 122
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|And then he says something like this ... "I would die for you. But I won't live for you." Something like that. I think the idea is that every person has to live for his or her own life and then make the choice to share it with other people.
Samuel McChord Crothers|In the consciousness that another mind reflects your thought, you find the keenest satisfaction. Here is the high office of a friend, and in these high experiences is the point of attachment.-- 
Danka V., The Unchosen Life|A true friend is the one who knowseverything about you and still loves you. Eventually, people will forget the things you said or did, but the feelingsyou woke up in them they will never forget!
Anthony Powell, The Kindly Ones|One passes through the world knowing few, if any, of the important things about even the people with whom one has been from time to time in the closest intimacy.
Coco J. Ginger|And I don’t even like you, but the pain of life without you is biting.
Lindsey Leavitt, Sean Griswold's Head|We have different interests,fit into different cliques, but the length of our friendship makesmost of that unimportant. You go through enough with a personover a long enough period of time and they just become a part ofwho you are.
Chaim Potok, The Chosen|Reuven listen to me. The Talmud says that a person should do two things for himself. One is to acquire a teacher. Do you remember the other.""Choose a friend," I said."Yes. You know what a friend is, Reuven? A Greek philosopher said that two people who are true friends are like two bodies with one soul."I nodded."Reuven, if you can, make Danny Saunders your friend.""I like him a lot, abba.""No. Listen to me. I am not talking about only liking him. I am telling you to make him your friend and to let him make you his friend.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|And when something awful happens, the goodness stands out even more ...
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|At home, besides being Peter or Jane, we also bear a general character; husband or wife, brother or sister, chief, colleague or subordinate. Not among Friends. It is an affair of disentangled, or stripped, minds. Eros will have naked bodies; Friendship naked personalities.
Oscar Wilde|Friendship...is not something you learn in school,but if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship you really haven't learned anything.
Shannon L. Alder|A friend is not the shadow that mimics you, but the one who casts all shadows away.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Even in your hobbies, has there not always been some secret attraction which the others are curiously ignorant of--something, not to be identified with, but always on the verge of breaking through, the smell of cut wood in the workshop or the clap-clap of water against the boat's side? Are not all lifelong friendships born at the moment when at last you meet another human being who has some inkling (but faint and uncertain even in the best) of that something which you were born desiring, and which, beneath the flux of other desires and in all the momentary silences between the louder passions, night and day, year by year, from childhood to old age, you are looking for, watching for, listening for? You have never had it. All the things that have ever deeply possesed your soul have been but hints of it--tantalizing glimspes, promises never quite fulfilled, echoes that died away just as they caught your ear. But if it should really become manifest--if there ever came an echo that did not die away but swelled into the sound itself--you would know it. Beyond all possibility of doubt you would say 'Here at last is the thing I was made for.' We cannot tell each other about it. It is the secret signature of each soul, the incommunicable and unappeasable want, the things we desired before we met our wives or made our friends or chose our work, and which we shall still desire on our deathbeds, when the mind no longer knows wife or friend or work. While we are, this is. If we lose this, we lose all.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If your heart tends to force friends to do as you say,seed of discord is being planted in your relationship.
Mark Mossa, Already There: Letting God Find You|What our closest friends do for us is to teach us true selflessness. We learn that while it might be safer for them if we keep them out, true friendship means letting them in. We cannot decide for them what they are willing to suffer with us and for us. While we certainly don't want to see our friends suffer, friendship isn't about protecting each other from pain so much as it is about helping each other to become what God has called us to be.
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|No," I say. "I didn't know that," and as I say it I feel flooded with bitterness at all the things Ingrid kept secret from me.
Rosemary Sutcliff, The Shining Company|See now, for a good blade, one that will not betray the man in battle, rods of hard and soft iron must be heated and braided together. Then is the blade folded over and hammered flat again, and maybe yet again, many times for the finest blades... So the hard and soft iron are mingled without blending, before the blade is hammered up to its finished form and tempered, and ground to an edge that shall draw blood from the wind. So comes the pattern, like oil and water that mingle but do not mix. Yet it is the strength of the blade, for without the hard iron the blade would bend in battle, and without the soft iron it would break.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest|She was afraid that it was a moral issue, and that was one of his weaknesses. He was Salander’s friend. She knew her brother. She knew that he was loyal to the point of foolhardiness once he had made someone a friend, even if the friend was impossible and obviously flawed. She also the friend was impossible and obviously flawed. She also knew that he could accept any number of idiocies from his friends, but that there was a boundary and it could not be infringed. Where exactly this boundary was seemed to vary from one person to another, but she knew he had broken completely with people who had previously been close friends because they had done something that he regarded as beyond the pale. And he was inflexible. The break was for ever.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Let us even bid our dearest friends farewell, and defy them, saying, "Who are you? Unhand me: I will be dependent no more." Ah! seest thou not, O brother, that thus we part only to meet again on a higher platform, and only be more each other's, because we are more our own?
Isaac Asimov, In Memory Yet Green: The Autobiography, 1920-1954|Despite all that education and experience can do, I retain a certain level of unsophistication that I cannot eradicate and that my friends find amusing. In fact, I think I sometimes detect conspiratorial plottings among my friends to protect me against my own lack of sophistication. I don't mind. I suspect that I am never quite as unsophisticated as they think I am, but I don't mind.
Robin Brande|Is it just me, or is that guy the coolest boyfriend ever invented?" "It’s not just you." And there was that same dull pain-the one I get sometimes when I see the two of them together and realize I’ll never have that. I gave Amanda a smile. "He’s great. I’m really happy for you." And that was a hundred percent true. But it didn’t make it hurt any less.
Thomas F. Shubnell|You can't overdose on friends, only enemies.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|It felt as though they were the only people in the world, two young women about to bury the symbol of their helplessness, as if that's all it would take to make them whole again.
Bex-chan|Sometimes friendship means not having to say anything. Thank yous and apologies can sometimes get lost, but that doesn't mean they're unexpressed," murmured Hermione.
C. JoyBell C.|I believe in women uplifting other women. The only thing that makes our gender weaker, is the fact that we are the gender less likely to stand up for the other. We are the gender more likely to try and make another look bad, and when one of us is already bad, instead of being kind, we pound them into the ditches. And that's what makes us weak, nothing else. If we can change this, we can change the whole structure of our being female, I truly believe this. Personally, I grew up admiring other women and wanting to be friends with them, but unfortunately, I learned the hard way that they were the ones who would hurt me. Women hurt other women all too often, and that's a fact. I'd like to see not just us not hurting one another; but us actually making a conscious effort to be happy for another when she is happy, to hope the best for another when she has better, and to lift another up when she is down. We know that so many of us are harsh, cold and selfish, and we try to protect ourselves from one another, that's the reality. But it's also a reality that what is real can change. So that means we can change it.
Nora Ephron, When Harry Met Sally|Harry Burns: You realize of course that we could never be friends. Sally Albright: Why not? Harry Burns: What I'm saying is - and this is not a come-on in any way, shape or form - is that men and women can't be friends because the sex part always gets in the way. Sally Albright: That's not true. I have a number of men friends and there is no sex involved. Harry Burns: No you don't. Sally Albright: Yes I do. Harry Burns: No you don't. Sally Albright: Yes I do. Harry Burns: You only think you do. Sally Albright: You say I'm having sex with these men without my knowledge? Harry Burns: No, what I'm saying is they all WANT to have sex with you. Sally Albright: They do not. Harry Burns: Do too. Sally Albright: They do not. Harry Burns: Do too. Sally Albright: How do you know? Harry Burns: Because no man can be friends with a woman that he finds attractive. He always wants to have sex with her. Sally Albright: So, you're saying that a man can be friends with a woman he finds unattractive? Harry Burns: No. You pretty much want to nail 'em too. Sally Albright: What if THEY don't want to have sex with YOU? Harry Burns: Doesn't matter because the sex thing is already out there so the friendship is ultimately doomed and that is the end of the story. Sally Albright: Well, I guess we're not going to be friends then. Harry Burns: I guess not. Sally Albright: That's too bad. You were the only person I knew in New York.
David Nicholls, One Day|I'm just not prepared to be treated like this anymore.''Treated like what?'She sighed, and it was a moment before she spoke. 'Like you always want to be somewhere else, with someone else.
Coco J. Ginger|She stabbed him with her wicked pretty knife, disrupted his simple life.She's a player, a heartbreaker,and now she breaks alone.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|That's the cool thing about having a best friend. They know what your pain feels like already, so you don't have to explain it.
Milan Kundera, Encounter|Today I know this: when it comes time to take stock, the most painful wound is that of broken friendships; and there is nothing more foolish than to sacrifice a friendship to politics.
Bob Marley|In the high tide or low tide, I'm gonna be your friend... I'm gonna be your friend!
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|A girl would be lucky to have you, but not like this, Carmine. Not the way you treat people now. You're wasting your time, and it's not worth it. You need to find something that is. So, maybe your life isn’t boring, but it has to be unfulfilling.
Michael Tianias|You had me at HelloYou had me at hello, but now it’s time to say goodbye.Whilst my lungs draw breath and my heart beats a steady beat, beside me, for you there will always be a seat.You my special friend brought laughter and smiles that knew no end.Although physically you may be gone, my memories of you will live on and on.I know within my soul once again that we shall meet and when we do,that seat is still reserved especially for you.You had me at hello, for now my friend I say goodbye.
Kate Christensen, The Astral|Friendship is a strange animal. It only thrives in voluntary enjoyment of each other's company, in the pleasure of nonobligatory connection. I repeat: You owe me nothing.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Hidden yourself in a hole and dared to burden no one with your grievous friendship? I will have friends, Katsa. I will have a life, even though I carry this burden.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|She turns her head, Bailey catches her eye, and she smiles at him. Not in the way that one smiles at a random member of the audience when one is in the middle of performing circus tricks with unusually talented kittens but in the way that one smiles when one recognizes someone they have not seen in some time.
E. Lockhart, The Treasure Map of Boys: Noel, Jackson, Finn, Hutch, Gideon—and me, Ruby Oliver|..we'll deal with it, because the good outweighs the bad.
Emily Giffin|As everyone applauds and sips champagne, I smile back at Rachel, thinking she got it just right. Love and friendship. They are what makes us who we are and what can change us, if we let them.
Claire Matthews, Intimate Friends|It was so stupid, and random, but at that second, with the morning sun hitting her auburn hair, and her huge brown eyes fixed on him, the lock flew off the “do-not-allow-yourself-to-even-think-about-it” portion of his brain, and every feeling he ever had for her—feelings he never even realized he had for her—flooded over him like a tidal wave. Love, tenderness, desire—it hit him so hard he had to excuse himself, go to the men’s room, rest his forehead against the cool metal of the bathroom stall, breathing heavily, wondering what the hell had just happened. It left him exhausted and spent, as if he’d just run a hundred miles.And almost a year later, he was still exhausted, spent, frustrated … and madly in love.
Marisa de los Santos, Falling Together|Soon, the two of them would leave this spot. . . walk into the house and into a whole changed world. . . 
Clare Ansberry, The Women of Troy Hill: The Back-Fence Virtues of Faith and Friendship|Gardens and flowers have a way of bringing people together, drawing them from their homes.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|For us of course the shared activity and therefore the companionship on which Friendship supervenes will not often be a bodily one like hunting or fighting. It may be a common religion, common studies, a common profession, even a common recreation. All who share it will be our companions; but one or two or three who share something more will be our Friends. In this kind of love, as Emerson said, Do you love me? means Do you see the same truth? - Or at least, "Do you care about the same truth?" The man who agrees with us that some question, little regarded by others, is of great importance can be our Friend. He need not agree with us about the answer.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|We two make banquets of the plainest fareIn every cup we find the thrill of pleasure... For us life always moves with lilting measureWe two, we two, we make our world, our pleasure
Sarah Mayberry, Anything for You|New hair, new clothes-the classic relationship break-up makeover," Jake
Cecily von Ziegesar, I Will Always Love You|Nate stared, slack-jawed as the cab merged with the traffic and became impossible to spot. That was it.They chose each other.Just then, the dark sky lit up with fireworks. A cab sailing the street honked in celebration . In the night air , Nate thought he could hear Serena and Blairs' laughter, though he knew that was impossible; they were too far away by now.But as we know, in this city anything is possible
Julie Flygare, Wide Awake and Dreaming: A Memoir|I didn’t want to upset my loved ones, but I couldn’t carry this alone.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|An Eastern poet, Ali Ben Abu Taleb, writes with sad truth, —"He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare,And he who has one enemy shall meet him everywhere.
Patricia Grasso, Courting an Angel|Thank ye."“For what?"“For bein’ who ye are."Gabby chuckled and shook her head, saying, “And who else could I be?
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|At that moment there was a knock on the door, and Sam came in. He ran to Frodo and took his left hand, awkwardly and shyly. He stroked it gently and then he blushed and turned hastily away.
Kiera Cass, Happily Ever After|You think you walk, Lucy? I think you fly. You see yourself in a uniform? I see you in a cape. You're a hero, of the quietest but most genuine nature.
Katie MacAlister, Sex and the Single Vampire|Roxy, stop being so obnoxious!" -Joy"I'm never obnoxious; I'm just concerned." -Roxy
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|I certainly should have,' he agrees, smiling and thinking what an absurd and universally-accepted bit of nonsense it is, that your best friends must necessarily be the ones who best understand you. As if there weren't far too much understanding in the world already; above all, that understanding between lovers, celebrated in song and story, which is actually such torture that no two of them can bear it without frequent separations or fights.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|Sometimes I lie in bed trying to decide which of my friends I truly care about, and I always come to the same conclusion: none of them.
Tommy Wallach, We All Looked Up|Karass: A group of people linked in a cosmically significant manner, even when superficial linkages are not evident
Sally Gardner, Maggot Moon|He says nothing but I know he is listening. Words are the only medicine I have.‘You make sense of a world that is senseless. You gave me space boots so that I could walk on other planets. Without you, I’m lost. There’s no left, no right. No tomorrow, only miles of yesterdays. It doesn’t matter what happens now because I’ve found you. That’s why I’m here. Because of you. You who I love. My best friend. My brother.
Jeffrey Zaslow, The Girls from Ames: A Story of Women and Friendship|Here's what we'll do. We're going to keep you at the end of our fishing line. And if you ever need anything, you just give a little tug and we'll reel you back in.
Jeanie Thompson|If you are silent, if I never learn one fraction more of your soul's equation/I know you.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|When I was little, my dad used to tell me, "Will, you can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friends nose.
Cecelia Ahern, A Place Called Here|He tried to tell me week after week to accept things as they were and move on with my life. But if there was one man who had put his life on hold to wait for something or someone, it was him.
Stephen King, 11/22/63|If you've ever been homesick, or felt exiled from all the things and people that once defined you, you'll know how important welcoming words and friendly smiles can be.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|That was a good day for me," Skulduggery said. "I didn't have to hit anyone. I didn't have to shoot anyone. I just sat around and talked to my good friend and partner, Valkyrie Cain.
E.M. Forster, A Passage to India|Why can't we be friends now?" said the other, holding him affectionately. "It's what I want. It's what you want." But the horses didn't want it — they swerved apart: the earth didn't want it, sending up rocks through which riders must pass single file; the temple, the tank, the jail, the palace, the birds, the carrion, the Guest House, that came into view as they emerged from the gap and saw Mau beneath: they didn't want it, they said in their hundred voices "No, not yet," and the sky said "No, not there.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|And what made these heart-to-hearts possible--you might even say what made the whole friendship possible during that time--was this understanding we had that anything we told each other during these moments would be treated with careful respect: that we'd honor confidences, and that no matter how much we rowed, we wouldn't use against each other anything we'd talked about during those sessions.
David Nicholls, One Day|No, friends were like clothes: fine while they lasted but eventually they wore thin or you grew out of them.
Nora Ephron, When Harry Met Sally|As Harry puts it, men and women can never be friends because 'the sex part always gets in the way.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|I was terrified they would desert me the moment they found out what I was. But of course, they, like you, Hermione, wourked out the truth...And they didn´t desert me at all. Instead they did something for me that would make my transformations not only bearable, but the best times of my life. They became Animagi.(...)They couldn´t keep me company as humans, so they kept me company as animals.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|For a permanent solution to easing tension and soothe the rough waters of the world that cause people to go to drugs, drinking, gambling, pornography, overeating, or anything that will give them some temporary relief, you can’t beat the support and encouragement of a friend.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|We've had a beautiful friendship, Diana. We've never marred it by one quarrel or coolness or unkind word; and I hope it will always be so. But things can't be quite the same after this. You'll have other interests. I'll just be on the outside.
Edith Pargeter, A Bloody Field by Shrewsbury|Well, do as you think best. That's every man's right and duty. But for me, I pledge you now I will not surrender one grain of my rights. What I took, I took and by God, I'll keep it, too. Take her home tomorrow, Archie, and never look back to watch what I do, for you know it before. I would not give him one knigh who had confided himself to me and none other, much less you. Only over my dead body," said Hotspur hardily, eye to eye with the friend he had made under Homildon Hill, "will King Henry ever claim you as his prisoner.
Matthew Quick, Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock|Sounds like the start of a beautiful friendship, Leonard. It really does.” “Here’s looking at you, kid.
C.S. Lewis|The quest of the Inner Ring will break your hearts unless you break it. But if you break it, a surprising result will follow. If in your working hours you make the work your end, you will presently find yourself all unawares inside the only circle in your profession that really matters. You will be one of the sound craftsmen, and other sound craftsmen will know it. This group of craftsmen will by no means coincide with the Inner Ring or the Important People or the People in the Know. It will not shape that professional policy or work up that professional influence which fights for the profession as a whole against the public: nor will it lead to those periodic scandals and crises which the Inner Ring produces. But it will do those things which that profession exists to do and will in the long run be responsible for all the respect which that profession in fact enjoys and which the speeches and advertisements cannot maintain. And if in your spare time you consort simply with the people you like, you will again find that you have come unawares to a real inside: that you are indeed snug and safe at the center of something which, seen from without, would look exactly like an Inner Ring. But the difference is that its secrecy is accidental, and its exclusiveness a by-product, and no one was led thither by the lure of the esoteric: for it is only four or five people who like one another meeting to do things that they like. This is friendship. Aristotle placed it among the virtues. It causes perhaps half of all the happiness in the world, and no Inner Ring can ever have it.
Thomas Jefferson|I find friendship to be like wine, raw when new, ripened with age, the true old man's milk and restorative cordial.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The law of nature is alternation for evermore. Each electrical state superinduces the opposite. The soul environs itself with friends, that it may enter into a grander self-acquaintance or solitude; and it goes alone for a season, that it may exalt its conversation or society.
Gitty Daneshvari, Class is Not Dismissed!|And Garrison...""Yeah, Maddie?""Well," Madeline said with cheeks red as a beet, "since we're leaving tomorrow, since it's all ending,and way may not be in touch gain, or at least not often...I want to tell you...that I think you're..."Madeline suddenly stopped. She could not quite bring herself to say what she wanted to,Instead she simply stared at Garrison,Her heart aflutter and her palms sweating.In her Mind she was screaming it but her lips just wouldn't move."i think you're...too..." Garrison said with a wink.
Julie James, Suddenly One Summer|You told me men don’t do this.”“Do what?”She walked around the counter, speaking animatedly. “Two years ago. We were at Firelight, having drinks. Cade and I had split up and you said that men don’t mope around after a breakup. You said that men avoid issues, get drunk, and pick up a new girl to forget the old one—but that you don’t brood.”Ford held out his hands in disbelief. “How do you remember that? And I’m not brooding.”She folded her arms across her chest and looked at him.“I know you’re my friend,” he said. “But please, for once, can you just act like you have a penis?Because I don’t want to talk about this.”She shrugged. “Fine. We’ll just sit here and listen to music.” She reached for his phone again.“Have you heard Taylor Swift’s new song?”“No.”“Well, you’re going to—on endless repeat until you start talking.
C.J. Cherryh|There was love, a reliable and real love grown in a handful of days, and Tristan did not know why it was: friendship had happened to both of them, on the sudden, completely aside from Tristan's both endangering and saving Crissand's life. It was no reason related to that, it was no reason that either of them quite knew. Crissand had simply risen on his horizon like the sun of his banner...and that was that....They were together, and there was a great deal right with the day simply in that.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|To stand in true relations with men in a false age is worth a fit of insanity, is it not?
David Iserson, Firecracker|You know power is the best thing in the world because as soon as you have it, everyone is trying to take it from you.No one is ever trying to take your friends away, so that's how you know they're less important.
Vincent van Gogh|Where friendship blooms, life is reborn.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|Jimmy put in a word and told them that if I made it, I wouldn't be able to live with myself without paying them back. That I'd sooner die than owe anyone money for helping me. Apparently Jimmy knew more about me at that point than I knew about myself.
Samuel Beckett, Murphy|As it is with the love of the body, so with the friendship of the mind, the full is only reached by admittance to the most retired places.
Tom Althouse|Not all who demand your attention desire your happiness, many merely seeking a conveyance to their own. It is entirely easy when wrapped up with the petty to miss what is possible and what rows your ship to worthwhile dreams. But when two or more fall together to share the oars of what might be, dreams may find them in equal measure and as fast as the wake made.
Harry Truman|You want a friend in this city? [Washington, DC.] Get a dog!
Coco J. Ginger|I wait, you play. You speak, I cave. I promise, you break. You game me, daily, you play me.
Jean-Dominique Bauby, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly|Other letters simply relate the small events that punctuate the passage of time: roses picked at dusk, the laziness of a rainy Sunday, a child crying himself to sleep. Capturing the moment, these small slices of life, these small gusts of happiness, move me more deeply than all the rest. A couple of lines or eight pages, a Middle Eastern stamp or a suburban postmark . . . I hoard all these letters like treasure. One day I hope to fasten them end to end in a half-mile streamer, to float in the wind like a banner raised to the glory of friendship.  It will keep the vultures at bay.
Nina LaCour|I never realized what a big deal that was. How amazing it is to find someone who wants to hear about all the things that go on in your head. You just think that things will stay the way they are. You never look up, in a moment that feels like every other moment in your life, and think, "Soon this will be over". But I understand more now. About the way life works.
Rachel Bertsche, MWF Seeking BFF: My Yearlong Search For A New Best Friend|But on a Sunday morning when I want to grab an omelet over girl talk, I’m at a loss. My Chicago friends are the let’s-get-dinner-on-the-books-a-month-in-advance type. We email, trading dates until we find an open calendar slot amidst our tight schedules of workout classes, volunteer obligations (no false pretenses here, the volunteers are my friends, not me, sadly), work events, concert tickets and other dinners scheduled with other girls. I’m looking for someone to invite to watch The Biggest Loser with me at the last minute or to text “pedicure in half an hour?” on a Saturday morning. To me, that’s what BFFs are.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|She walked down the basement steps. She saw an imaginary framed photo seep into the wall - a quiet-smiled secret. No more than a few meters, it was a long walk to the drop sheets and the assortment of paint cans that shielded Max Vandenburg. She removed the sheets closest to the wall until there was a small corridor to look through. The first part of him she saw was his shoulder, and through the slender gap, she slowly, painfully, inched her hand in until it rested there. His clothing was cool. He did not wake.She could feel his breathing and his shoulder moving up and down ever so slightly. For a while, she watched him. Then she sat and leaned back.Sleepy air seemed to have followed her.The scrawled words of practice stood magnificently on the wall by the stairs, jagged and childlike and sweet. They looked on as both the hidden Jew and the girl slept, hand to shoulder.They breathed.German and Jewish lungs.
Coco J. Ginger|…so many ticks steadily around the clock. My heart beats ferociously, as if to say it will not digest this leaving. But you are gone. I could never look into your tormenting eyes again. You mock me with each word you choose…. of the millions of words in the English tongue you could have chosen…you select the one’s that break me down.
Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now|the important thing is not what we (look) like,but the role we play in our best friend's life.
Heather Hepler, Love? Maybe|Not my finest hour," he says, shaking his head."You realize you did it for no reason," I say. I tell him about talking to my dad and explain that I was crying because of that."That information would have been useful BEFORE I shoved him in the pool.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|He was everything I needed because his entire character had been molded by my deepest wants and desires. He was my rock when I cried, my playmate when I laughed, and my hero when I needed to imagine that one existed for me.
Meredith Ann Pierce, Dark Moon|I shall never love any as I love thee, Moonbrow!” she cried.He nuzzled her, very gently. “Nor I you, Ryhenna,” he said. “Tek is my mate. I love her. You are my shoulder-friend, and I love you. I love you both, but differently. And when in a year or two years’ time, you dance court within this glade, it will be with one whom you love in a way entirely other than the way that you love me. I am your companion, your friend, Ryhenna, just as you are always and ever mine. Stand fast with me,” he said, “and no foe shall ever part us.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|These three ladies disliked and distrusted one another as heartily as the First Triumvirate of Rome, and their close alliance was probably for the same reason.
Sylvia Massara|Unconditional love is the greatest gift of all" ~ The Soul Bearers, by Sylvia Massara
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|Her eyes take on that suspicious, wounded look girls get when they know they've fallen off the top rung of friendship and someone else has passed them, but they don't know when or how the change took place.
D.H. Lawrence|Aren't I enough for you?' she asked.'No,' he said. 'You are enough for me, as far as a woman is concerned. You are all women to me. But I wanted a man friend, as eternal as you and I are eternal.'(Women in Love)
Sensei DarianStokes|Friendships sail like any other ship... left unattended, it will drift away" - Sensei Stokes
Agatha Christie, The Murder on the Links|There! Now we're friends!" declared the minx. "Say you're sorry about my sister -""I am desolated!""That's a good boy!
Alan Paton, Cry, the Beloved Country|They were your friends?""Yes, they were my friends.""And they will leave you to suffer alone?""Now I see it.""And until this, were they friends you could trust?""I could trust them.""I see what you mean. You mean they were the kind of friends that a good man could choose, upright, hard-working, obeying the law?Tell me, were they such friends?And now they leave you alone?Did you not see it before?""I saw it.
Vladimir Nabokov|(T)here exist friendships which develop their own inner duration, their own eons of transparent time.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|Because thou writest me often, I thank thee ... Never do I receive a letter from thee, but immediately we are together.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Those friends thou hast, and their adoption tried,Grapple them to thy soul with hoops of steel;But do not dull thy palm with entertainmentOf each new-hatch'd, unfledg'd comrade.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Sonnets from the Portuguese|My letters! all dead paper, mute and white!And yet they seem alive and quiveringAgainst my tremulous hands which loose the stringAnd let them drop down on my knee to-night.This said, -- he wished to have me in his sightOnce, as a friend: this fixed a day in springTo come and touch my hand ... a simple thing,Yet I wept for it! -- this, ... the paper's light ...Said, Dear I love thee; and I sank and quailedAs if God's future thundered on my past.This said, I am thine -- and so its ink has paledWith lying at my heart that beat too fast.And this ... O Love, thy words have ill availedIf, what this said, I dared repeat at last!
Jalaluddin Rumi|A moment of happiness,you and I sitting on the verandah,apparently two, but one in soul, you and I.We feel the flowing water of life here,you and I, with the garden's beautyand the birds singing.The stars will be watching us,and we will show themwhat it is to be a thin crescent moon.You and I unselfed, will be together,indifferent to idle speculation, you and I.The parrots of heaven will be cracking sugaras we laugh together, you and I.In one form upon this earth,and in another form in a timeless sweet land.
Rabih Alameddine, The Hakawati|Me? I was lost for long time. I didn’t make any friends for few years. You can say I made friends with two trees, two big trees in the middle of the school […]. I spent all my free time up in those trees. Everyone called me Tree Boy for the longest time. […]. I preferred trees to people. After that I preferred pigeons, but it was trees first.
Gregory of Nyssa|and the creation, in the world and above the world, that once was at variance with itself, is knit together in friendship: and we ... are made to join in the angels' song, offering the worship of their praise.
Kiera Cass, Happily Ever After|Every day you say something or do something that challenges me, changes me.
Samuel Johnson|No one is much pleased with a companion who does not increase, in some respect, their fondness for themselves.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|But that would leave Paxton to fend for herself, and the last thing any woman wanted in this kind of situation was to look around and see all the people who could help her doing nothing.
Jude Morgan, Indiscretion|You can greet even the dullest acquaintance with pleasure, if you have forgotten their dreary story.
Annette Curtis Klause|Puck shook her head ruefully. "We haven't even solved the first problem, and I'm worrying about the next one. I must be an idiot.""No," Hush said, wiggling an impossible finger at her. "Only kindness. Very much kindness.
Christine E. Schulze, The Hero of 1000 Years|Suddenly, something fluttered down from the nest to rest at Chasmira's feet. She picked it up- A phoenix father.It glistened in the sunlight, and tracing her fingers along its edges, she marveled at its soft and delicate touch.Extending it to Aaron, she said quietly, "They say a phoenix feather is a symbol of everlasting friendship.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|I'd pick you, I say. Fuck it, I do pick you. I want you to come over to my house in twenty years with your dud and your adopted kids and I want our fucking kids to hang out and I want to, like, drink wine and talk about the Middle East or whatever the fuck we're gonna want to do when we're old. We've been friends too long to pick, but if we could pick, I'd pick you.
Jonathan Lethem, The Fortress of Solitude|Did he ever--try?'Mingus shrugged. 'He was like you.'What's that mean?'Means he tried.'Of course. The ring was not a neutral tool. It judged its wearer: Aaron Doily flew drunkenly, and Dylan flew like a coward, only when it didn't matter, at the Windles' pond. So if had attuned to Robert Woolfolk's chaos.Don't tell me,' said Dylan. 'He flew sideways.'Mingus left it vague. He'd always made it his habit to protect their honor against one another--Dylan, Arthur, Robert. To say nothing.
Coco J. Ginger|....finally I see that it’s never been me, just a blanket that keeps you warm. Easily tossed alongwhen something flashier or someone prettier comes along. Your heart I held so carefully, I see, this was all just a game...
Pat Frayne, Tales of Topaz the Conjure Cat: Part I Topaz and the Evil Wizard & Part II Topaz and the Plum-Gista Stone|Favorite Quotations.I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue.The worth of a book is measured by what you carry away from it. It's not over till it's over. Imagination is everything. All life is an experiment. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls the butterfly.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Strikes|You’re like a god from a Greek myth, Saiman. You have no empathy. You have no concept of the world beyond your ego. Wanting something gives you an automatic right to obtain it by whatever means necessary with no regard to the damage it may do. I would be careful if I were you. Friends and objects of deities’ desires dropped like flies. In the end the gods always ended up miserable and alone."— Kate Daniels
Neil Gaiman, A Study in Emerald|I have a feeling,’ he said, ‘I have a feeling that we were meant to be together. That we have fought the good fight, side by side, in the past or in the future, I do not know. I am a rational man, but I have learned the value of a good companion, and from the moment I clapped eyes on you, I knew I trusted you as well as I do myself. Yes, I want you with me.
Darren Shan, Lord Loss|But you're like me,” he says. “An outsider. Different. A freak. We're both weird, which is why we get along.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|I would carry some of it if I could, Bean said silently. Like I did today, you can turn it over to me and I’ll do it, if I can. You don’t have to do this alone.Only even as he thought this, Bean knew it wasn’t true. If it could be done, Ender was the one who would have to do it. All those months when Bean refused to see Ender, hid from him, it was because he couldn’t bear to face the fact that Ender was what Bean only wished to be — the kind of person on whom you could put all your hopes, who could carry all your fears, and he would not let you down, would not betray you.I want to be the kind of boy you are, thought Bean. But I don’t want to go through what you’ve been through to get there.
Melanie Gideon, Wife 22|When I'm in pain I want everyone I love on the island with me, sitting around the fire, getting drunk on coconut milk, banging out a plan.
Megan Crane, Everything I Needed to Know about Being a Girl I Learned from Judy Blume|As I look back over the other best friendships I've had that also ended, I wonder if, in addition to simply having a finite amount of time for such intimacy, we also have certain periods in our lives in which we seek out people who seem to embody the things we lack. Then, when we gain those things for ourselves, we no longer need that friend in the same way, which causes a serious dissonance in the relationship. Perhaps this is why these particular friendships burn so bright and then disappear so completely.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|Severing our young and fragile friendship was a sad ordeal, but sadder still was the fact that this friend found it so difficult to respond to my immediate need, unlike a dreamed boy who always afforded me easy comfort. I couldn’t understand what was so hard about reaching out to hug someone. But judging by Gregory’s uncomfortable conduct I had to assume it was an honest trial.
Minrose Gwin|There is such a thing as crazy-mother bonding. . . . It happens when one realizes the other also has had a crazy mother, and it is both painful and pleasurable. There are more crazy mothers than you might think.
William Steig, The Real Thief|He was able to love them again, but he loved them now in a wiser way, knowing their weakness.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Lena realized that a fundamental layer of their happiness depended on the four of them being close to one another. Their lives were independent and full. Their friendship was only one aspect of their lives, but it seemed to give meaning to all the others.
Mona Hanie|A true friend is the one who treats you and gives you advices, exactly as if he is treating himself and giving advices to himself, so if you are a true friend never ever talk about your friends behind their backs, cause you must be sure that you are talking about yourself :)
Markelle Grabo, The Spell Master|I'm scared, all right?" I said. I could feel my stomach churn as my gaze rested on the wooden trunk.Nathan turned my chin, looking at me with an expression of utter sincerity. "You don't have to be. I'm here.
Peggy Martinez, Sweet Contradiction|I learned a lot that night—like how incredibly mind blowing ho-hos and wine coolers were together, how that you could discover the answers to life’s most difficult questions by watching Buffy, but most of all, that no matter what was going on in life—a best friend could make it all seem bearable.
Mark Fiore, You Are Loved . . . an email memoir|It's one thing to have a divinely inspired love given to you to experience and share; it's something else altogether to recognize it when it appears. Our job is to go on being humbled and grateful that we should get to experience such a thing in our lifetimes, and preserve its magic by doing the most responsible thing possible to keep it alive . . . Just keep saying yes.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|But in Friendship, being free of all that, we think we have chosen our peers. In reality, a few years' difference in the dates of our births, a few more miles between certain houses, the choice of one university instead of another, posting to different regiments, the accident of a topic being raised or not raised at a first meeting—any of these chances might have kept us apart. But, for a Christian, there are, strictly speaking, no chances. A secret Master of the Ceremonies has been at work. Christ, who said to the disciples "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you," can truly say to every group of Christian friends "You have not chosen one another but I have chosen you for one another." The Friendship is not a reward for our discrimination and good taste in finding one another out. It is the instrument by which God reveals to each the beauties of all the others. They are no greater than the beauties of a thousand other men; by Friendship God opens our eyes to them. They are, like all beauties, derived from Him, and then, in a good Friendship, increased by Him through the Friendship itself, so that it is His instrument for creating as well as for revealing.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|And there it is: Even though we’re standing in the same patch of sun-drenched pavement, we might as well be a hundred thousand miles apart.
T.S. Eliot, Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats|Before a Cat will condescendTo treat you as a trusted friend,Some little token of esteemIs needed, like a dish of cream;And you might now and then supplySome caviare, or Strassburg Pie,Some potted grouse, or salmon paste —He's sure to have his personal taste.(I know a Cat, who makes a habitOf eating nothing else but rabbit,And when he's finished, licks his pawsSo's not to waste the onion sauce.)A Cat's entitled to expectThese evidences of respect.And so in time you reach your aim,And finally call him by his name.
Slavoj Žižek, In Defense of Lost Causes|Alain Badiou was once seated amongst the public in a room where I was delivering a talk, when his cellphone (which, to add insult to injury, was mine -- I had lent it to him) all of a sudden started to ring. Instead of turning it off, he gently interrupted me and asked me if I could talk more softly, so that he could hear his interlocutor more clearly . . . If this was not an act of true friendship, I do not know what friendship is. So, this book is dedicated to Alain Badiou.
Kathleen Kent, The Heretic's Daughter|Sharing secrets is the way in which women tie themselves together, for it reveals complicity and trust. Holding secrets shows trustworthiness and a sort of quite defiance. It is a natural thing for a female to hold secrets within her breast until the time is ripe to release them. Does it not follow the way in which her body is formed? A woman is made with that dark and mysterious recess that can grow a child safely until the child is ready to come out onto the birthing bed. And like birthing, secrets present themselves in many ways. some slip easily into the world, others must be torn out, if the body is unwilling.
Elizabeth George Speare, The Witch of Blackbird Pond|Who would guess," he teased, "that I'd ever see you on a rooftop with straw in your hair?"Kit giggled. "Are you saying I've turned into a crow?""Not exactly." His eyes were intensely blue with merriment. "I can still see the green feathers if I look hard enough. But they've done their best to make you into a sparrow, haven't they?
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|You are in a melancholy humour, and fancy that any one unlike yourself must be happy. But remember that the pain of parting from friends will be felt by every body at times, whatever be their education or state. Know your own happiness. You want nothing but patience — or give it a more fascinating name, call it hope.
Kevin J. Anderson, Ruins|Scully,' [Mulder] said, his voice quiet and serious, 'with the... unorthodox explanations I often find when studying the evidence, I know you're always skeptical-but every time you're at least fair to me. You respect my opinion, even when you don't agree with it.' He looked at his hands. 'I don't know if I've ever told you, but I really appreciate that.'She looked at him and smiled. 'You've told me, Mulder. Maybe not in words... but you've told me.
Emily Giffin, Heart of the Matter|It occurs to me that she is not unique--that all women compare lives. We are aware of whose husband works more, who helps more around the house, who makes more money, who is having more sex. We compare our children, taking note of who is sleeping through the night, eating their vegetables, minding their manners, getting into the right schools. We know who keeps the best house, throws the best parties, cooks the best meals, has the best tennis game. We know who among us is the smartest, has the fewest lines around her eyes, has the best figure--whether naturally or artificially. We are aware of who works full-time, who stays at home with the kids, who manages to do it all and make it look easy, who shops and lunches while the nanny does it all. We digest it all and then discuss with our friends. Comparing and then confiding; it is what women do.The difference, I think, lies in why we do it. Are we doing it to gauge our own life and reassure ourselves that we fall within the realm of normal? Or are we being competitive, relishing others' shortcomings so that we can win, if only by default?
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|Oh, if I had had a friend at this moment, a friend in an attic room, dreaming by candlelight and with a violin lying ready at his hand! How I should have slipped up to him in his quiet hour, noiselessly climbing the winding stair to take him by surprise, and then with talk and music we should have held heavenly festival throughout the night!
David Nicholls, One Day|Dexter, I love you so much. So, so much, and I probably always will.' Her lips touched his cheek. 'I just don't like you anymore. I'm sorry.
Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet|A young nurse, someone new whom he didn't recognise, came up to Henry and patted him on the arm. "Are you a friend or a family member?" She whispered the question in his ear, trying not to disturb Sheldon. The question hung there like a beautiful chord, ringing in the air. Henry was Chinese, Sheldon obviously wasn't. They looked nothing alike. Nothing at all. "I'm distant family," Henry said.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|There was just Mavis and me, but it never seemed lonely because we never stopped talking. I could have an argument, in earnest, about who was the best “Kid” in the Hall, without having to explain who they were. One friend with whom you have a lot in common is better than three with whom you struggle to find things to talk about. We never needed best friend gear because I guess with real friends you don’t have to make it official. It just is.
Jennifer E. Smith, You Are Here|Somehow he'd become the one constant in this whole uneven chapter in her life, & the idea that could change was unsettling.
Elizabeth I, Collected Works|(Response to King Erik XIV of Sweden's proposal of marriage:)"[W]hile we perceive ... the zeal and love of your mind towards us is not diminished, yet in part we are grieved that we cannot gratify your Serene Highness with the same kind of affection. And that indeed does not happen because we doubt in any way of your love and honour, but, as often we have testified both in words and writing, that we have never yet conceived a feeling of that kind of affection towards anyone.We therefore beg your Serene Highness again and again that you be pleased to set a limit to your love, that it advance not beyond the laws of friendship for the present nor disregard them in the future. ... We certainly think that if God ever direct our hearts to consideration of marriage we shall never accept or choose any absent husband how powerful and wealthy a Prince soever. But that we are not to give you an answer until we have seen your person is so far from the thing itself that we never even considered such a thing. I have always given both to your brother ... and also to your ambassador likewise the same answer with scarcely any variation of the words, that we do not conceive in our heart to take a husband but highly commend this single life, and hope that your Serene Highness will no longer spend time in waiting for us.
Jan Struther, Mrs. Miniver|A single person is a manageable entity, whom you can either make friends with or leave alone. But half of a married couple is not exactly a whole human being: if the marriage is successful it is something a little more than that; if unsuccessful, a little less. In either case, a fresh complication is added to the already intricate business of friendship: as Clem had once remarked, you might as well try to dance a tarantella with a Siamese twin.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Friendship exhibits a glorious "nearness by resemblance" to Heaven itself where the very multitude of the blessed (which no man can number) increases the fruition which each has of God. For every soul, seeing Him in her own way, doubtless communicates that unique vision to all the rest. That, says an old author, is why the Seraphim in Isaiah's vision are crying "Holy, Holy, Holy" to one another (Isaiah VI, 3). The more we thus share the Heavenly Bread between us, the more we shall all have.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|I am mad, I am going under, I must follow the advice of a friend, and pay no heed to myself.
Rosemary Sutcliff, The Silver Branch|The young Centurion, who had been completely still throughout, said very softly, as though to himself, "Greater love hath no man--" and Justin thought it sounded as though he were quoting someone else.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|Jess thought for a moment. 'You know those films where people fight up the top of the Empire State Building or up a mountain or whatever? And there's always that bit when the baddie slips off and the hero tries to save him, but, like, the sleeve of this jacket tears off and goes over and you hear him all the way down. Aaaaaaaaagh. That's what I want to do.' 'You want to watch me plunge to my doom.' 'I'd like to know that I've made the effort. I want to show people the torn sleeve.
Savo Heleta, Not My Turn to Die: Memoirs of a Broken Childhood in Bosnia|My mom and dad refused to believe that people who had grown up together in peace and friendship, had gone to the same schools, spoken the same language, and listened to the same music, could overnight be blinded by ethnic hatred and start to brutally kill one another. They simply didn't accept as true that less than two years of a multiparty system and competition for power could poison people's brains so much.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|Friends first.""Even before Brett?""Always," Bekka said. Her lively freckled face was dead serious."Wow," Melody said in surprise. They really were friends. Hearing it helped her feel it. And feeling it was like sinking deeper into a warm bath.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|Counting on each other became automatic. When I found a sweater in Texas I wanted, I learned to buy two, which was easier than seeing the look of disappointment on Caroline's face when I returned home with only one. When she went out from the boathouse on a windy day, she gave me her schedule in advance, which assuaged her worst-case scenario of flipping the boat, being hit on the head by an oar, and leaving Lucille stranded at home. I still have my set of keys to her house, to locks and doors that no longer exist, and I keep them in my glove compartment, where they have been moved from one car to another in the past couple of years. Someday I will throw them in the Charles, where I lost the seat to her boat and so much else.
Elizabeth Alder, The King's Shadow|The King once said to me, 'Harold, you stand above all other men.' I said, 'No, Sire. I want nothing more than to stand shoulder to shoulder with my men. I am nothing without them.
Hilari Bell, Crown of Earth|I do give them to you," he announced. "Of my free will. Because this is my sword." He laid a hand on Arisa's shoulder. "And Weasle is my shield. What you hold are only pieces of iron.
Brad Meltzer, The Inner Circle|Since the moment I saw her yesterday, I've been looking through the sparkly prism of exhilaration that comes with any old flame. But now, for the first time, I'm not just seeing what I want. I'm seeing what my friend needs.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|I expect it will turn out that sexual intercourse is possible between Gethenian double-sexed and Hainish-norm one-sexed human beings, though such intercourse will inevitably be sterile. It remains to be proved; Estraven and I proved nothing except perhaps a rather subtler point.
Chris Crutcher|Talking with Elaine like that, with no judgment from her or anything, seemed to bring my feelings more to the surface so I could look at them. I love times like that; you don't get many of them.(Walker, in STOTAN!)
Ralph Waldo Emerson|As many thoughts in succession substantiate themselves, we shall by and by stand in a new world of our own creation, and no longer strangers and pilgrims in a traditionary globe. My friends have come to me unsought.... Will these, too, seperate themselves from me again, or some of them? I know not, but I fear it not; for my relation to them is so pure, that we hold by simple affinity, and the Genius of my life being thus social, the same affinity will exert its energy on whomsoever is as noble as these men and women, wherever I may be.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Why had we let it go? Why had we both been condemned...to an exile among dreary strangers who had made us give up all desire for rest, for friendship, for the sound of human voices? Could I now reclaim a single hour spent talking to my brother, Philip, and give it to Ken Daggart? Who made it our duty to accept, as the only reward for our work, the gray torture of pretending love for those who roused nothing but contempt?
Hermann Bahr|Bondage And Service - that was what they all demanded and from everyone. This craving to find themselves in another, to subjugate and appropriate foreign territory, to create a new field for their own will in a second body, foreign flesh for their own soul; this greedy, consuming hunger devoured every other desire, and they called it friendship!
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|No, Geo—underneath all that, Nan really loves me. It’s just she wants me to see things her way. You know, she’s two years older; that meant a lot when we were children. I’ve always thought of her as being sort of like a road—I mean, she leads somewhere. With her, I’ll never lose my way.
Henry David Thoreau, Collected Essays and Poems|For if the truth were known, Love cannot speak, But only thinks and does; Though surely out 'twill leak Without the help of Greek, Or any tongue.
Cathie Beck, Cheap Cabernet: A Friendship|Where are you from? New York?""Weird you picked up on that," she said, "I've been gone from there for so long."Like a couple of decades could dilute that accent.
John G. Hartness, Hard Day's Knight|He still wasn't looking at me, which meant I was still in trouble. I swear, sometimes this partnership is like being married. We fight all the time and neither one of us is getting married.
Katie McGarry, Dare You To|I need you.""I'm here."And we sit in silence.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|In a general sense, I admit to valuing the worldviews of men under the age of 40 and women over the age of 30.
Emily Henry, The Love That Split the World|She may be a bitch, but she's a genuine bitch with a heart
Cora Carmack, Losing It|My mother had told me once when I was little and had a friendship fall apart that some relationships just end. Like a star, they burn bright and brilliant, and then nothing in particular goes wrong, they just reach their end.
Natasha Friend|It’s a funny thing, friendship. One minute a person is driving you crazy, making you want to shake them, and the next minute you realize what a crappy place the world would be without them in it.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|To tell you the truth, I've just been avoiding everything. I walk around the school hallways and look at the people. I look at the teachers and wonder why they're here. If they like their jobs. Or us. And I wonder how smart they were when they were fifteen. Not in a mea way. In a curious way. it's like looking at all the students and wondering who's had their heart broken that da, and how they are able to cope with having three quizzes and a book report on top of that. or wondering who did the heart breaking. And wondering why. Especially since I know that if they went to another school, the person who had their heart broken would have had their heart broken by somebody else, so why does it have to be so personal? And if I went to another school, I would never have known Sam or Patrick or Mary Elizabeth or anyone except my family. (Pg 142)
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|We will not always be here, so let's make the best use of what we have, when we still have it.
Amy E. Spiegel, Letting Go of Perfect: Women, Expectations, and Authenticity|Just having friends isn’t enough, however. Our friendships should be ones that are pleasing to God and edifying to us as well as our friends.
Carla H. Krueger, Sex Media|Nothing in her life makes sense.All she craves is for the pieces of the puzzle to fit together again.She is sure one day it will happen. She just doesn’t know when.She can’t fight injustice alone– for that, she needs her friends.
Michael A. Johnson|Choose your friends with caution, plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|In each of my friends there is something that only some other friend can fully bring out. By myself I am not large enough to call the whole man into activity; I want other lights than my own to show all his facets... Hence true Friendship is the least jealous of loves. Two friends delight to be joined by a third, and three by a fourth, if only the newcomer is qualified to become a real friend. They can then say, as the blessed souls say in Dante, "Here comes one who will augment our loves." For in this love "to divide is not to take away.
Deborah Day|Encourage, lift and strenthen one another. For the positive energy spread to one will be felt by us all.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|We are ever brutal to those who love and serve us in silence, but the time may come when, for our cruelty, we shall be deserted by these best friends of ours.
Alexandre Dumas, Twenty Years After|Friendship throws out deep roots in honest hearts, D'Artagnan. Believe me, it is only the evil-minded who deny friendship; they cannot understand it.
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|I meditated on the nature of friendship as I practiced the craft. My friends had always come from outside the mainstream. I had always been popular with the fifth column of my peers, those individuals who were princely in their solitude, lords of their own unpraised melancholy. Distrusting the approval of the chosen, I would take the applause of exiles anytime. My friends were all foreigners, and they wore their unbelongingness in their eyes. I hunted for that look; I saw it often, disarrayed and fragmentary and furious, and I approached every boy who invited me in.
Ann Brashares|They were absolutely lovely, and in their presence, so was she.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|It's my new best friend, Claudius Templesmith, and as I expected it, he's inviting us to a feast.
Sarah Caudwell, The Sibyl in Her Grave|I should explain — in view of my last letter, you may find it slightly surprising — that Daphne and I are now bosom friends. That is to say, she seems to think we are; and I do not feel that I know her well enough to dispute it.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|You feel, I suppose, that, in losing Isabella, you lose half yourself: you feel a void in your heart which nothing else can occupy.  Society is becoming irksome; and as for the amusements in which you were wont to share at Bath, the very idea of which without her is abhorrent.  You would not, for instance, now go to a ball for the world.  You feel that you have no longer any friend to whom you can speak with unreserve; on whose regard you can place dependence; or whose counsel, in any difficult, you could rely on.
Brian Hodge, Best New Horror 22|Let me see what I can come up with,' she said, and seemed to take a new satisfaction in it now. Something wrong to do, a law to break, and if she was lucky she might even get to steal, and it must have been then that everything changed between us and each of us didn't just have a neighbor to pass the time with but the closest thing either of us could find to a friend. ("Just Outside Our Windows, Deep Inside Our Walls")
Sandra Neil Wallace|They got a manure machine in there,” Keller said. He went up to the barn and peeked through a hole between tow boards. “On wheels. It’s fun to ride sometimes, when you don’t care how you smell.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Elizabeth could never address her without feeling that all the comfort of intimacy was over, and, though determined not to slacken as a correspondent, it was for the sake of what had been, rather than what was.
Jean Johnson, Bedtime Stories: A Collection of Erotic Fairy Tales|He knew this could turn out to be a very dangerous ploy if it backfired, but he also knew he had his best friend firmly on his side. If nothing else, he knew he could let her take all the blame and she’d do it. He’d owe her majorly — what else were best friends for but blackmail opportunities and owing giant favors, anyway — but she’d do it.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|One only understands the things that one tames,” said the fox. “Men haveno more time to understand anything. They buy things all ready made at theshops. But there is no shop anywhere where one can buy friendship, and somen have no friends any more. If you want a friend, tame me. . .
Rosemary Sutcliff, The Eagle of the Ninth|And what will they do to you when you have told them this story?' Esca said very simply, 'They will kill me.' 'I am sorry, but I do not think much of that plan.' Marcus said.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|And here, according to Trout, was the reason human beings could not reject ideas because they were bad: "Ideas on Earth were badges of friendship or enmity. Their content did not matter. Friends agreed with friends, in order to express friendliness. Enemies disagreed with enemies, in order to express enmity. "The ideas Earthlings held didn't matter for hundreds of thousands of years, since they couldn't do much about them anyway. Ideas might as well be badges as anything."They even had a saying about the futility of ideas: 'If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.' "And then Earthlings discovered tools. Suddenly agreeing with friends could be a form of suicide or worse. But agreements went on, not for the sake of common sense or decency or self-preservation, but for friendliness."Earthlings went on being friendly, when they should have been thinking instead. And even when they built computers to do some thinking for them, they designed them not so much for wisdom as for friendliness. So they were doomed. Homicidal beggars could ride.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|There came an awful day when I picked up the phone and knew at once, as one does with some old friends even before they speak, that it was Edward. He sounded as if he were calling from the bottom of a well. I still thank my stars that I didn't say what I nearly said, because the good professor's phone pals were used to cheering or teasing him out of bouts of pessimism and insecurity when he would sometimes say ridiculous things like: 'I hope you don't mind being disturbed by some mere wog and upstart.' The remedy for this was not to indulge it but to reply with bracing and satirical stuff which would soon get the gurgling laugh back into his throat. But I'm glad I didn't say, 'What, Edward, splashing about again in the waters of self-pity?' because this time he was calling to tell me that he had contracted a rare strain of leukemia. Not at all untypically, he used the occasion to remind me that it was very important always to make and keep regular appointments with one’s physician.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|And I want you to know that I heard what you said in that speech,' Rider said, his voice scratchy. 'I might've saved you all those years ago, but now you've saved me,'My heart stuttered and then sped up. I reacted without thought. Placing the book on the bed, I launched myself at Rider just as he came off the window seat. We collided. I folded my arms around him as we went down onto the floor, me partially in his lap and his arms tight around my waist, his face burrowed against my neck. I felt a tremor run through his body and then he shook in my arms. I held him tighter as he broke into pieces, and years of holding it together shattered. I held him through it all. Then it was  me  who put Rider back together.
Cormac McCarthy, All the Pretty Horses|Ah, they said. Qué bueno. And after and for a long time to come he'd have reason to evoke the recollection of those smiles and to reflect upon the good will which provoked them for it had power to protect and to confer honor and to strengthen resolve and it had power to hear men and to bring them to safety long after all other resources were exhausted.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|And here was the moment. The end of it all, for civilization was merely another name for friendship, and friendship was coming to an end.
Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir|Every person comes with a place. It can be a house, a park, a building. When you meet someone, you are unknowingly meeting a place, a two-for-one deal that neither party is really aware of yet. Regular Joe’s is Marcus’ place. Mine is the library, second floor, nonfiction, the table between the Poker aisle and European History. Two-thousand days of friendship means that we share.
P.W. Catanese, Happenstance Found|I haven't been around here for long. Well... actually, I haven't been around anywhere for long. I don't know who I am, or what I'm here for. I know that Lord Umber's important, though. I've seen all the good things he's done. I know for sure the world needs him. I can't say that about me.
Marisa de los Santos|Conversationally, we were Fred and Ginger -- spin, slide, shuffle, bend.
Claire Matthews, Intimate Friends|Emma hung up and hugged her pillow tight to her chest. He shouldn't be making her feel this special and desired. He was just a friend. Right, just a friend. She wasn't even fooling herself anymore.
Graham Smith|What is particularly striking about his reconstruction and criticisms of the traditional account of friendship is that he finds it deficient not only by the light of his own Christian viewpoint; he also finds friendship deficient when judged from the perspective of its own self-proclaimed ethical foundations. Thus, Kierkegaard concludes that the reciprocity involved in friendship actually betrays its essential selfishness.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|Who has not remarked the readiness with which the closest of friends and honestest of men suspect and accuse each other of cheating when they fall out on money matters? Everybody does it. Everybody is right, I suppose, and the world is a rogue.
Kate Atkinson|Pam wasn't what Gloria would have called a friend, just someone she had known for so long that she had given up trying to get rid of her.
Harold Bell Wright, That Printer of Udell's|This was the beginning. The end is easily foreseen; for, given a young man of Dick's temperament, longingfor companionship, and another young man of Charlie's make−up, with a legitimate business to bring the twotogether, and only a friendship of the David and Jonathan order could result.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Fire False Friends as early as possible. Do it before they dig out the dream seeds you've planted! The earlier, the better; the quicker, the safer!
Arka Pain|What's the point of opening yourself up to your friends if they don't notice your vulnerable state? The point of it all is to love friends completely and utterly, at their best and worst, and to love more than just the good things.
Katie Cotugno, How to Love|Do you miss her?I blinked. Did I what? This was my best friend since preschool we were talking 	about, 	the girl whose snack and math homework I’d shared since before I had 	memorized my 	own phone number, who’d buried her cold, annoying little feet 	underneath me 	during 	a thousand different movie nights and showed 	me how to use 	a tampon. She’d grown 	up in my kitchen, she was my shadow-	self—or I was hers— and Sawyer 	wanted 	to know if I missed her? What the hell kind of question was that?
Azhly Antenor|I won't let my best friends do silly,stupid,annoying,funny things-WITHOUT ME!!!!!!!!!!
Helen Oyeyemi, Mr. Fox|I think it's swell that there are people you don't have to worry about when you don't see them for a long time, you don't have to wonder what they do, how they're getting along with themselves. You just know that they're all right, and probably doing something they like.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation and Empire|The clown’s eyes sidled towards her, then drew away quickly. “But they kept me away from you earlier-and, on my word, you may laugh, but I was lonely for missing friendship.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Together or apart, no matter how far apart, we live in one another. We go on together.
Delia Ephron, The Girl with the Mermaid Hair|Do you think you can cause something to happen just from wanting it so much?' she asked. 'I don't get what you mean. Does this have to do with your dad?' asked Frannie. 'Not really. I'm talking about loneliness.' Frannie turned around and considered her answer. For awhile she seemed to be in a wilderness of her own. 'Do you mean that you imagined that Issy was your friend?' 'Yes, so completely that it was real.' 'Oh, that can happen. I believe that totally. Loneliness is powerful.
Dolores|If we kiss, it will change everything.
mr. sid|Maybe I'm too late to be your first. But right now, I'm preparing myself to be your last.
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|Why does this mean so much to you, Jon?"The Prince turned. "Because he's my friend. Because I always know where he stands, and where I stand with him. Because I think he'd die for me and--and I think I'd die for him. Is that enough?
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|George looked at her for a long moment. Finally he replied, "And why do you find it so hard to think someone might like you and want to do things for you?
Bernard Cornwell, The Winter King|The bards sing of love, they celebrate slaughter, they extol kings and flatter queens, but were I a poet I would write in praise of friendship.
Hayley Williams|If I'm a bad person, you don't like meWell I guess I'll make my own wayIt's a circleA mean cycleI can't excite you anymoreWhere's your gavel? Your jury?What's my offense this time?You're not a judge but if you're gonna judge meWell sentence me to another lifeDon't wanna hear your sad songsI don't wanna feel your painWhen you swear it's all my faultCause you know we're not the same (no)We're not the same (no)Oh we're not the sameYeah the friends who stuck togetherWe wrote our names in bloodBut I guess you can't accept that the change is good (hey)It's good (hey)It's goodWell you treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way outYou treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way outIgnorance is your new best friendIgnorance is your new best friendThis is the best thing that could've happenedAny longer and I wouldn't have made itIt's not a war no, it's not a raptureI'm just a person but you can't take itThe same tricks that, that once fooled meThey won't get you anywhereI'm not the same kid from your memoryWell now I can fend for myselfDon't wanna hear your sad songsI don't wanna feel your painWhen you swear it's all my faultCause you know we're not the same (no)We're not the same (no)Oh we're not the sameYeah we used to stick togetherWe wrote our names in bloodBut I guess you can't accept that the change is good (hey)It's good (hey)It's goodWell you treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way outYou treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way outIgnorance is your new best friendIgnorance is your new best friendIgnorance is your new best friendIgnorance is your new best friendWell you treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way outYou treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way out
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|The Friend of Your Youth is the only friend you will ever have, for he does not really see you. He sees in his mind a face that does not exist anymore, speaks a name – Spike, Bud, Snip, Red, Rusty, Jack, Dave – which belongs to that now nonexistent face but which by some inane doddering confusion of the universe is for the moment attached to a not happily met and boring stranger. But he humors the drooling doddering confusion of the universe and continues to address politely that dull stranger by the name which properly belongs to the boy face and to the time when the boy voice called thinly across the late afternoon water or murmured by a campfire at night or in the middle of a crowded street said, “Gee, listen to this–’On Wenlock Edge the wood’s in trouble; His forest fleece the Wrekin heaves–’” The Friend of Your Youth is your friend because he does not see you anymore.And perhaps he never saw you. What he saw was simply part of the furniture of the wonderful opening world. Friendship was something he suddenly discovered and had to give away as a recognition of and payment for the breathlessly opening world which momently divulged itself like a moonflower. It didn’t matter a damn to whom he gave it, for the fact of giving was what mattered, and if you happened to be handy you were automatically endowed with all the appropriate attributes of a friend and forever after your reality is irrelevant. The Friend of Your Youth is the only friend you will ever have, for he hasn’t the slightest concern with calculating his interest or your virtue. He doesn’t give a damn, for the moment, about Getting Ahead or Needs Must Admiring the Best, the two official criteria in adult friendships, and when the boring stranger appears, he puts out his hand and smiles (not really seeing your face) and speaks your name (which doesn’t really belong to your face), saying, “Well, Jack, damned glad you came, come on in, boy!
James Fredericks|Much of the vitality in a friendship lies in the honoring of differences, not simply in the enjoyment of similarities".
E.M. Forster|He had a theory that musicians are incredibly complex, and know far less than other artists what they want and what they are; that they puzzle themselves as well as their friends; that their psychology is a modern development, and has not yet been understood.
Pramoedya Ananta Toer, Bumi Manusia|It is proper for people to have friends, friendships without self-interest. Without friends, life is too lonely.
John Derbyshire, Fire from the Sun|I preach that odd defiant melancholy that sees the dreadful loneliness of the human soul and the pitiful disaster of human life as ever redeemable and redeemed by compassion, friendship and love.
Ari Marmell, Thief's Covenant|Genevieve hunched her shoulders against the storm of sound and fury and struggled to imagine a worse sort of hell. Widdershins, of course, seemed perfectly happy, but Widdershins was weird.
Stephen Hunt, The Court of the Air|The bonds of friendship dwindle with age, Oliver. But a little blackmail lasts forever.
William Wilberforce|No man, ever indulged more freely or happily in that playful facetiousness which gratifies all without wounding any.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Dawn and Rescue|The calling that has been thrust upon you is likewise as demanding and daunting. I understand how you feel, believe me. But we need you, Eena. I would say I’m sorry, but……honestly I’d have no other woman take your place. You are exactly what we need. And yes, it does require a great deal of sacrifice, but you don’t have to bear these burdens alone. We are all here to help you. And believe me there isn’t one of us who wouldn’t give his last breath to defend yours so you might go on to heal Harrowbeth. Don’t block us out. Don’t think you have to stand alone. Please wake up and know that I understand. And I promise I won’t say, ‘I told you so.’” The room fell quiet. Eena didn’t move. Derian could see how her breathing continued smoothly in and out just as before. “I’ll give you some chocolate if you wake up.” It was a last-ditch effort. “I’ve got plenty of it, and I don’t care for the stuff.
Irene S. Levine|Friendships unfold gradually as women share intimacies with one another- this takes time. You need to be willing to let your friends know the real you, but you don't want to spill your guts out the first time you're out to lunch.
Shamim Sarif|She had been trying hourly to ensure that this new friendship remained such, to be certain that it would not slip out of the careful grasp of her fingers and into the darker champers of her heart.
Jean Hanff Korelitz|Teammates...were fine things. Piling onto the bus before the game, edgy with shared nerves, egging one another on with the genial, meaningless phrase C'mon, you guys!, collapsing back into the same seats for the ride home—the sense of striving in accord had been a sweet part of high school. Possibly the sweetest. But the camaraderie had not survived graduation, or even the off-seasons. Her teammates, passing in the school corridors in winter or spring, were downshifted to nodding acquaintances who had once been close, that past connection floating off like cotton candy on the tongue.
Markelle Grabo, The Spell Master|My Zora senses are tingling," I said.Nathan looked at me blankly."Right, you don't know anything about Spiderman," I remembered."Spider who?" he asked.
Elinor Lipman, The Inn at Lake Devine|That's how it was on Irving Circle and how I was raised: You made the best out of what was within reach, which meant friendships engineered by parents and by the happenstance of housing. I stayed with it because we both had queenly older sisters who rarely condescended to play with us, because Shelley was adopted and I was not, because Shelley had Clue and Life, and I did not
Rachel Cohn, Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List|Friendship is love as much as any romance. And like any love, it’s difficult and treacherous and confusing. But in the moment when your knees touch, there’s nothing else you could ever want.
Sarah Ockler, Bittersweet|See, some people politely encourage their tone-deaf friends to sing. Some people even convince them to go on live television and audition for national competitions. But me? I am not that friend.
Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke|It's never been my desire to conquer you, Amelia. If you leave this room with me, it must be at my side. As my wife, my lover, my partner ...” His thumb brushed her lip. “My dearest friend.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Shared joys make a friend, not shared sufferings.
Anne Ursu, Breadcrumbs|There were so many Jacks she had known, and he had known so many Hazels. And maybe she wasn't going to be able to know all the Jacks that there would be. But all the Hazels that ever would be would have Jack in them, somewhere.
José N. Harris|The Bible talks primarily of two kinds of angels- Cherubim and Seraphim. But there is a third kind of angel. If you ever find yourself troubled, suffering or in despair, God may send you this third type of angel. These angels are called...'friends.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|...Agatha had declared that her friendship to Georgie still existed, as if it was a living, breathing thing, something that came to life the moment it happened and didn't just go away because they no longer acknowledged it.
Abby McDonald, Getting Over Garrett Delaney|See" Kayla links her arm through mine, leaving Blake to jostle and race the other guys. "I tell them I can handle my own stuff, but it's like a mark of pride or something. I'm surprised Blake doesn't just hoist me over his shoulder and try to carry me, too!"I laugh, starting to relax. "Is it bad I can actually picture that?
Don A. Martinez, The Insurgent's Journal|Gabe taps Michi on the shoulder. “I can understand any hesitation on your part, Michika. If you wish, you can stay behind with your family …”“Nuh-uh, not a chance!” She brushes Gabe’s hand off of her shoulder. “If my best friend’s gonna be risking her life to kick New Empire ass, then I wanna be right there with her in my asskickin’ boots.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Govinda was standing in front of him, dressed in the yellow robe of an ascetic. Sad was how Govinda looked like, sadly he asked: Why have you forsaken me? At this, he embraced Govinda, wrapped his arms around him, and as he was pulling him close to his chest and kissed him, it was not Govinda any more, but a woman, and a full breast popped out of the woman's dress, at which Siddhartha lay and drank, sweetly and strongly tasted the milk from this breast.
Michel de Montaigne|I know not what quintessence of all this mixture, which, seizing my whole will, carried it to plunge and lose itself in his, and that having seized his whole will, brought it back with equal concurrence and appetite to plunge and lose itself in mine.
Mohammed Abdel-Mohsen|Good Things Never Stay ..This what People Say..So,When I met you I knew That Oneday ,You Will just Go Away !STILL...I'll pray & prayThat we walk The Same WAY ( :
V.S. Carnes|Remind me to thank God I don’t have a sister.”Caine eyed him critically. He was a filthy heap of blood and soot and sand stuck to the gun oil on his face. “Yeah,” without much enthusiasm. “I’ll thank Him for ya.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|When finally she finished and stood herself up, he put his arm around her, best-buddy style, and they walked on. There was no request for a kiss. Nothing like that. You can love Rudy for that, if you like.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Do they desire to join me in thanksgiving when they hear how, by your gift, I have come close to you, and do they pray for me when they hear how I am held back by my own weight? ...A brotherly mind will love in me what you teach to be lovable, and will regret in me what you teach to be regrettable. This is a mark of a Christian brother's mind, not an outsider's--not that of 'the sons of aliens whose mouth speaks vanity, and their right hand is a right hand of iniquity' (Ps. 143:7 f.). A brotherly person rejoices on my account when he approves me, but when he disapproves, he is loving me. To such people I will reveal myself. They will take heart from my good traits, and sigh with sadness at my bad ones. My good points are instilled by you and are your gifts. My bad points are my faults and your judgements on them. Let them take heart from the one and regret the other. Let both praise and tears ascend in your sight from brotherly hearts, your censers. ...But you Lord...Make perfect my imperfections
Sarah Ockler, Bittersweet|Mom asked for a cupcake miracle? Well, here comes the freaking holy angel of icing, at your service. --
Samuel Beckett, Proust|Friendship, according to Proust, is the negation of that irremediable solitude to which every human being is condemned.
Lynette Mather, Unspoken Secrets|Once Kimmy and Bobby walked in Taco Bell they saw their two friends already sitting at the table, and Kimmy and Bobby ordered their food before they joined them. “What’s up?” Manning asked.“Not much, just hanging out,” Bobby answered.  “And of course the two of you are always hanging out,” Dave said, nodding toward Kimmy.Kimmy smiled. “Of course we are always hanging out. That’s what you do when you’ve got a best friend, Dave. You’ll learn that maybe one day when you have a best friend.
Lorena McCourtney, Invisible|I wrapped my hands around the familiar cup and tried to draw strength from it. It was from Thea's old Moss Rose set, remnant of careful scrimping and saving in her first year of marriage. Yet the mellow old cup now brought me no comfort, only a feeling of helplessness, of time slipping away. Sunday-best dishes gone to everyday and now to mismatched pieces. Like Thea and me
Kara Martinelli, My Very Dearest Anna|When I opened the box, I had to remove myself from whose handwriting it was that I was reading and whose story I was hearing. I had to, or I never would have made it past the first letter. If I stopped to think about my Grandpa writing to my Grandma, knowing how much he loved her and how many years he spent without her after her death, I knew I wouldn’t be able to make it through just one letter without an onslaught of tears. And it was Grandpa, a voice I knew so well. One that I miss terribly.
J. Courtney Sullivan, Commencement|With the Smithies, it was different. There was sometimes no telling where one of them began and the others left off.
Patti Roberts, Progeny of Innocence|Joshua to Angela: "Please, Angela, do it for me… and you never know you just might have fun." She looked at him warily. "I find that highly doubtful, Josh.""Well how will you know unless you actually try it?""I just know. Do you have to drink a hot fish milkshake to know you aren’t going to like it?" She asked.
Kristen Heitzmann, Secrets|She headed for a wide flat rock on the creek's bank, her posture still demanding 'no trespassing' but no longer 'trespassers will be shot.
Fumi Yoshinaga, Not Love But Delicious Foods|Because the first time they met...Y-da: "You know, Y-naga-san, the more makeup you put on, the more you look like a guy in drag. So I'm going to call you F-mio!"Y-naga: "I-I like this person!"The moment she fell in love.
Sean Stewart, Nobody's Son|They stood in the courtyard of Swangard Palace, too cold to be comfortable despite the sun, and they looked fully on one another, knowing that they were friends, and would always be.A lot of water under this bridge too, Mark thought, with something like awe. He was growing older. Old enough to feel the current of what had been flowing under him, leading to his future. Old enough to look back over his shoulder, and see his past behind him, and grieve for what was gone, and honour its memory.He felt, suddenly, how much it would hurt him if Val died; felt an echo of that pain, knowing that the Valerian he had known, fluffy and peering and hapless and altogether wonderful: this Valerian was already dying. Not physically, of course, but the man he remembered from that first night in Swangard Palace would be gone the next time they met, though his ghost would linger on in Val forever, and in their memories.Three cheers for ghosts, Mark thought. Three cheers for the dead.Of course Val would be much the same: better, even. As full of wonder and delight, with big pockets full of puzzles and fascinating stories about the lives of ants and ingenious designs for windmills that would do your washing. And they would still be friends, excellent friends. It could even be better next time.But it would never be the same.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Kate faced the crowd. They were just eyes and teeth to her, just spit and voices. It was a moment, even, before they became people: a man with one blind eye, another whose neck was thick with lumps and weeping wounds of scrofula. The poorest of the market.At Kate's feet, Drina. Her scarf and shirt were torn open.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|In a word, in adversity she was the best of comforters, in good fortune the most troublesome of friends...
Gori Suture, Asphyxia -- A Smut Saga, Vol. 1|Sometimes, Nathaniel, friends can be like nice boots on a drowning man.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|2NOTES“You broke your other appointment, didn’t you?”“I did not! I told you on the phone—these people canceled at the last minute—”“Oh, Geo dear, come off it! You know, I sometimes think, about you, whenever you do something really sweet, you’re ashamed of it afterwords! You knew jolly well how badly I needed you tonight, so you broke that appointment. I could tell you were fibbing, the minute you opened your mouth! You and I can’t pull the wool over each other’s eyes. I found that out, long ago. Haven’t you—after all these years?”“I certainly should have,” he agrees, smiling and thinking what an absurd and universally accepted bit of nonsense it is that your best friends must necessarily be the ones who best understand you.
Jeffrey Zaslow, The Girls from Ames: A Story of Women and a Forty-Year Friendship|Because I have no actual sisters, it is my friends from Ames who’ve exposed me to every facet of womanhood.
James Sallis, Drive|Why’d you call, boy? What did you want from me?""The company of a friend, I think.""Always a cheap treat.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Leave this touching and clawing. Let him be to me a spirit. A message, a thought, a sincerity, a glance from him, I want, but not news nor pottage. I can get politics, and chat, and neighborly conveniences from cheaper companions. Should not the society of my friend be to me poetic, pure, universal, and great as nature itself? Ought I to feel that our tie is profane in comparison with yonder bar of cloud that sleeps on the horizon, or that clump of waving grass that divides the brook? Let us not vilify, bur raise it to that standard. That great, defying eye, that scornful beauty of his mien and action, do not pique yourself on reducing, but rather fortify and enhance.
Lisa Kleypas, Scandal in Spring|They took Daisy to the orangery, where warm autumn light glittered through the windows, and the scents of citrus and bay hung thick in the air. Removing Daisy's heavy orange-blossom wreath and veil, Lillian set them aside on a chair.There was a silver tray on a nearby table, laden with a bottle of chilled champagne and four tall crystal glasses."This is a special toast for you, dear," Lillian said, while Annabelle poured the sparkling liquid and handed the glasses out. "To your happy ending. Since you've had to wait for it longer than the rest of us, I'd say you deserve the entire bottle." She grinned. "But we're going to share it with you anyway."Daisy curved her fingers around the crystal stem. "It should be a toast for all of us," she said. "After all, three years ago we had the worst marriage prospects imaginable. We couldn't even get an invitation to dance. And look how well things turned out.""All it t-took was some devious behavior and a few scandals here and there," Evie said with a smile."And friendship," Annabelle added."To friendship," Lillian said, her voice suddenly husky.And their four glasses clicked in one perfect moment.
J.M. Hackman, Spark|Arvandus!" I tried again to reach him. "You can come back now. I'm alone and would love to argue with you again.
Maximus Tyrius, The Dissertations of Maximus Tyrius, Volume 1|After this manner conceive that a flatterer differs from a friend: for it often happens to both that they engage in the same employments and the same associations; but the one differs from the other in use, in the end, and in the disposition of the soul: for the friend considers that which appears to him to be good to belong also in common to his friend; and, whether this proves to be painful or pleasant, he partakes equally of it with him; but the flatterer, following his own desires, conducts the association to his own advantage. The friend desires an equality of good, the flatterer his own private good. The one aspires after equal honour in virtue, the other after superiority in pleasure. The one in conversation desires an equal freedom of speech, the other servile submission. The one loves truth in association, the other deception; and the one looks to future emolument, but the other to present delight. The one requires to be reminded of his good actions, the other wishes them to be involved in oblivion. The one takes care of the possessions of his friend, as of things common, the other destroys them, as being the property of another. The company of a friend in prosperity is most opportune, and in calamity is most equal; but a flatterer can never be satiated with prosperity, and in adversity he is never to be seen. Friendship is laudable, flattery detestable; for friendship attends to equality of retribution, but this flattery mutilates: for he who pays servile attention to another through indigence, that his wants may be supplied, so far as he does not receive an equal submission in return, will reprobate the inequality. A friend, when his friendship is concealed, is unhappy; on the contrary, a flatterer is miserable when is flattery is not concealed. Friendship when tried is strengthened, flattery is confuted, by time. Friendship requires not to be corroborated by advantage, but flattery cannot subsist without profit; and if men have any communion with the divinities, the pious man is a friend to divinity, but the superstitious is a flatterer of divinity; and the pious man is blessed, but the superstitious is miserable.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of the Sky|It might even teach Murray that while finding true love was one of the most wonderful things that could happen to you in life, finding a friend was equally splendid.
Me|A friend: What book haven't you read yet?Me: I'm not sure. I have read the Percy Jackson series or Mortal Instrument series in a whil--Friend: I mean, like, a book you haven't read at all.Me: Oh. I'm not sure then, let me get back to you after I finish this six-book series.
Sherry Shahan, Skin and Bones|Alice's dinner consisted of one-half cup medium-grain white rice (120 calories), four spears of asparagus (20 calories), and a pat of butter (40 calories). Bones watched as she used her index finger to smear the butter on an asparagus spear. Then she sucked her middle finger, pretending to remove the excess butter. The buttered finger scratched an ankle, and the calories disappeared into her leg warmer."Tricky," he said under his breath.She smiled. "Just good technique.
Georgia Barrett|When people come to me upset and in need of advice the first thing I always suggest is to brew a nice cuppa tea. Not because this is easy advice to give, neither for lack of compassion nor understanding, but simply because I've not encountered a circumstance where tea was rendered futile. There's something concealed in the nature of tea that will consort you to a calm contemplation, a sense of purity and harmony, it lets you find your way through life's sordid deeds, and regain a sense of tranquillity, console enmity, and admire the beauty around you. I love my close friends and family so dearly that the first thing I wish upon them in a time of desperation is a nice cup of tea. So to my dearest friends, you're always invited; you, me and a cup of tea?
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|We must seek out that which invigorates us, and engage it at all fronts. Art, music, literature, conversation, travel, nature—whatever it is that keeps the fire of our spirit bright—we must build our life around it; for, without our passions, the years ahead become a burden rather than a gift.
H.P. Lovecraft|You have been my friend in the cosmos; you have been my only friend on this planet - the only soul to sense and seek for me within the repellent form which lies on this couch. We shall meet again - perhaps in the shining mists of Orion’s Sword, perhaps on a bleak plateau in prehistoric Asia. Perhaps in unremembered dreams tonight; perhaps in some other form an aeon hence, when the solar system shall have been swept away.
#myself|A friend: What book haven't you read yet?Me: I'm not sure. I have read the Percy Jackson series or Mortal Instrument series in a whil--Friend: I mean, like, a book you haven't read at all.Me: Oh. I'm not sure then, let me get back to you after I finish this six-book series."-- Me.
Charbel Tadros|Only when you are in trouble do you realize who your true friends are… And, my dear, you will be surprised!
Charbel Tadros|A friend is like a mirror: he’s the one who reflects your light most accurately. However, a close friend not only reflects your self but enhances and embellishes it.
Tarif Naaz|Unless we learn to criticize friends, we shall never find true ones.
Vivian Gornick, The Odd Woman and the City: A Memoir|My friendship with Leonard began with me invoking the laws of love: the ones that involved the expectancy. "We are one," I decided shortly after we met. "You are me, and I am you, and it is our obligation to save each other." It took me years for me to realize this sentiment was off the mark. What we are, in fact, is a pair of solitary travelers slogging through the country of our lives, meeting up from time to time at the outer limit to give each other border reports.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|Ad we interviewing each other?Something like that.What position am I applying for?Best friend.I thought I already had the job.Don't be so sure, you arrogant son of a bitch.
Jane Green, Bookends|If you want to talk about it with someone, then I`m happy to listen, or try and help, but you should only tell me if you want to.
Iris Murdoch, Under the Net|To anyone who will take the trouble to become attached to her she will immediately give a devoted, generous, imaginative and completely uncapricious attention, which is still a calculated avoidance of self-surrender. This is no doubt another reason why she never went into films; her private life must be an almost full-time activity. This has the sad result too that her existence is one long act of disloyalty; and when I knew her she was constantly involved in secrecy and lying in order to conceal from each of her friends the fact that she was so closely bound to all the others.
Fidelis O Mkparu|An outdoor café and your French beret are quick ways to my soul, but a good jazz is like standing next to my heart. Don't sail away without your sail-mate, because I've charted our course to a sunset paradise. ~ Fidelis O Mkparu (2016), author of 'Love's Affliction
Jane Green, Bookends|Forever feels a long time when you're eighteen. When you're away from home for the first time in your life, when you forge instant friendships that are so strong they are destined, surely, to be with you until the bitter end.
Jane Green, Bookends|I am not a people pleaser. I am not a person who says things because she thinks it will make the other person happy, nor am I a person who offers things she cannot deliver because I want the other person to like me.
Jane Green, Bookends|You must work to live, not live to work.
Stephen King, It 〈3〉|Maybe, he thought, there aren’t any such things as good friends or bad friends—maybe there are just friends, people who stand by you when you’re hurt and who help you feel not so lonely. Maybe they’re always worth being scared for, and hoping for, and living for. Maybe worth dying for, too, if that’s what has to be.
Patrick O'Brian, Post Captain|I should send my bees ashore for you, upon my sacred honour.
Patrick O'Brian, Post Captain|Well, I will wear the bees, like Damon and Pythagoras – ho, a mere sixty thousand bees in the cabin don't signify, much.
Homer, The Odyssey|I would disapprove of another hospitable man who was excessive in friendship, as of one excessive in hate. In all things balance is better.
Ray Bradbury|That's friendship, each playing the potter to see what shapes we can make of the other.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|You know I'm not a man with whom you can have inconsequential conversations. I cannot split myself into two, one your friend and the other the king's servant.
Rabih Alameddine, The Angel of History|I was always alone, Doc, solitary whether I wished to be or not, ever since I could remember I wished to be lost in another, thought that somehow I could disappear into that heart of yours, take walks within your veins, wander through the bones of you. You had friends, Satan said, you loved and were loved, you must not forget that, at least not that. But did I allow anyone in, I asked Satan, and he said, Did you, does anyone?
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Woman: You've Got All It Takes!|Expose Yourself to True Friendship for It Heals, encourages and lifts you higher.
EverSkeptic|When the value of a relation gets lower than the amount of thought and time needed to maintain or resurrect them, It withers away.
Sarah Schulman, Conflict Is Not Abuse: Overstating Harm, Community Responsibility, and the Duty of Repair|Nothing disrupts dehumanization more quickly than inviting someone over, looking into their eyes, hearing their voice, and listening.
Ally Carter, Take the Key and Lock Her Up|-I'm your girlfriend?- "No." Alexei shakes his head, then pulls me to him again, holds me closer. "There's not a word in either of our language for what you are to me".
Melanie Dickerson, The Beautiful Pretender|Magdalen's eyes were wide and her mouth hung open. She was so sweet and beautiful. She would make a wonderful margrave's wife. Avelina had already made up her mind that the margrave had not killed his brother. She simply could not believe anyone who was so particular about who he was going to marry, and who seemed so concerned about orphans, could have done such a despicable thing. At least, she hoped not.
Sui Ishida, 東京喰種トーキョーグール:re 11 [Tokyo Guru:re 11]|Takizawa: something that was left in my care. give it back to Amon for me. see you, Goat's King.Kaneki: I'm not taking It.Takizawa: Its just a small chain and yet It feels so heavy to me... fine whatever.Kaneki: Takizawa, Its because you'r completely empty inside that if we don't tie you down with a chain you'll go off and die.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|As to our going on together as we were going, in a sort of friendly way, the people round us would have made it unable to continue. Their views of the relations of man and woman are limited, as is proved by their expelling me from the school. Their philosophy only recognizes relations based on animal desire. The wide field of strong attachment where desire plays, at least, only a secondary part, is ignored by them—the part of—who is it?—Venus Urania.
Akiroq Brost|Be easy with yourself. Be gentle. Remember to be your own friend. We all make mistakes. We all say silly things now and then. It's also OK to change your mind. Don't replay the moments. Don't torture yourself with critique and negative self-talk. The expectation is not perfection, it's to keep moving forward. Keep trying. Keep learning and growing. You'll get a lot further with a positive attitude. Love will open and grow you. Love will encourage you. No one can love you more than you can love yourself. Be your own ally. Learn to help not hinder yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is no friendship, without forgiveness.
Arlie Corday, Cinderella Shoots the Moon|I write, like anybody else, about how it is to be human." -- Mark Merlis
Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet|As you play this record, I hope you'll think of the good, not the bad. Of what was, not what wasn't meant to be. Of the time we spent together, not the time we've spent apart. Most of all I hop you'll think of me...
Chelsea Sedoti, The Hundred Lies of Lizzie Lovett|While watching the revelry in the Barn, I'd had an epiphany. Parties weren't just about who was who and being seen. It was about letting go. About celebrating that we all made it through one more boring week. Everyone came together in one place, and for a while, it was as if nothing mattered except the music and the energy and being away from all of the adults in our lives. These parties were about freedom. And friendship. They were about friendship too.
James Fenimore Cooper, The Last of the Mohicans|... As for me, I taught the lad the real character of a rifle; and well has he paid me for it. I have fought at his side in many a bloody scrimmage; and so long as I could hear the crack of his piece in one ear, and that of the Sagamore in the other, I knew no enemy was on my back. Winters and summers, nights and days, have we roved the wilderness in company, eating of the same dish, one sleeping while the other watched; and afore it shall be said that Uncas was taken to the torment, and I at hand - There is but a single ruler of us all, whatever maybe the color of the skin, and him I call to witness - that before the Mohican boy shall perish for the want of a friend, good faith shall depart the 'arth and 'Kill-deer' become as harmless as the tooting we'pon of the singer!
Claire North, Touch|You say 'love' too easily, Kepler.""No, not rally - please don't call me that. The idea that love has to be a blazing romantic thing of monogamous stability is innately ludicrous. You loved your parents, perhaps, because they were the warmth you could flee to. You loved your first childhood crush with a passion that made your lips tingle, your flesh grow light in their presence. You loved your wife with the steadiness of an ocean against the shore; your lover with the blaze of a shooting star, your best friend with the confidence of a mountain. Love is a many-splendorous thing, as the old song says....
Axie Oh, Rebel Seoul|It has to do with me because it has to do with you," Young says, his voice dropping. "Jaewon-ah, we've been friends longer than we've been--.""Enemies?" I suggest weakly."Than we've been lost.
Auliq-Ice|You may control people physically by force, but you won’t change their hearts and minds—that requires trust and friendship.
N.K. Jemisin, The Stone Sky|Because that is how one survives eternity,” I say, “or even a few years. Friends. Family. Moving with them. Moving forward.
Charlotte Leonetti|Pilar, if anyone, should have understood how awful it was to be surrounded by people who had their own version of the truth. People who wouldn’t listen to you long enough to know you at a
Laurell K. Hamilton, Obsidian Butterfly|We would never go shopping together or eat an entire cake while we complained about men. He'd never invite me over to his house for dinner or a barbecue. We'd never be lovers. But there was a very good chance that one of us would be the last person the other saw before we died. It wasn't friendship the way most people understood it, but it was friendship. There were several people I'd trust with my life, but there is no one else I'd trust with my death. Jean-Claude and even Richard would try to hold me alive out of love or something that passed for it. Even my family and other friends would fight to keep me alive. If I wanted death, Edward would give it to me. Because we both understand that it isn't death that we fear. It's living.
Samar Sudha|Real friends are like autotroph, whether you pay your intentions or not but they keep calm your noons.
H.L. Burke, Magicians' Trial|I'll be fine." She kissed his cheek. "Styles nearly killed the two men I love most. Trust me, he's going to regret that. After all, it is foolish to get on the bad side of either Spellsmith or Carver...and I just happen to be both.
Angelica Hopes|Cyber trolls' deceptive manipulative, political power play, duplicity and devious hypocrisy cannot equate to true friendship.~ Angelica Hopes, K.H. Trilogy
Morgan Matson, Second Chance Summer|As I looked out at the water, I realized there was nowhere to go, nowhere left to run. And I just had to stay here facing this terrible truth. I felt, as more tears fell, just how tired I was, a tiredness that had nothing to do with the hour. I was tired of running from this, tired of pretending that things were okay when they had never, ever been less okay.
Terry a O'Neal|A person who loves you through your idiosyncrasies, despite the tiny inclusions, is a diamond worth keeping.
Unknown Author|A good friend would offer you an umbrella in the rain. A best friend would steal yours and say, 'run, b*tch, run!
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|I hate the phrase 'more than friends'," Joni told me one night not long ago. "It's such nonsense. When I'm going out with someone, we're not 'more than friends' - most of the time, we're not even friends. 'More than friends' makes no sense. Look at us. There's nothing more than us.
Sally Rooney, Conversations with Friends|You can love more than one person, she said. That's arguable. Why is it any different from having more than one friend? You're friends with me and you also have other friends, does that mean you don't really value me? I don't have other friends, I said.
Arlie Corday, Cinderella Shoots the Moon|You get out of hell one step at a time." -- Abbie Sullivan, "Cinderella Shoots the Moon.
Sadeqa Johnson, And Then There Was Me|Trust me, Bea, you are on your way. It’s about acknowledging where you are and knowing that you are okay. The universe has your back and so do I.
Bisco Hatori, Ouran High School Host Club, Vol. 17|After being around such crazy people, how could I not change too?
Michael  Rogers, Tales Of|You showed me that even the smallest of people can have the loudest of words.” (Rachael Taylor, 2018).
Jackson Pearce, Cold Spell|Becoming fast friends when you're that small is easy, because the only requirement is that the other person likes to play games.
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|But, is it more important to stay true to yourself, to what you believe in, or give it up for someone you care about?”Lisa gives me a warm smile and her hand finds mine on the table.“There is no right answer to that.” She squeezes my hand hard. “It depends on so many things. You are the one who has to choose, to find the balance between what you believe in and what you care about. It’s a game with high risk—you can lose someone you care about but still have your pride, or…you can lose yourself for someone you care about.” She gets up from her seat. “The real question is—is ‘care’ good enough to be lost for?
Emory R. Frie, Neverland|Boy, did she love those idiots.
Laura Lee Guhrke, No Mistress Of Mine|We’re your friends. Our job is to tease you mercilessly about your foibles, rag you about your upright, honorable nature, and point out to you when you’re being a complete dolt.
Patti Smith|We didn’t have to talk then, and that is real friendship. Never uncomfortable with silence, which, in its welcome form, is yet an extension of conversation.
Yuhta Nishio, After Hours, Vol. 1|Don't worry, I won't abandon you. I promise.
Anamika Mishra|Somewhere between buying 25 friendship bands and passing by the shop with a smile looking at kids buying the bands, we grew up
Kelly Moran, Benediction|I loved you as a boy and fell in love with you as a man. You’re in here so deep that there is no you, no me. Only us.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars - Thrawn|A friend need not be kept either within sight or within reach. A friend must be allowed the freedom to find and follow his own path. If one is fortunate, those paths will for a time join. But if the paths separate, it is comforting to know that a friend still graces the universe with his skills, and his viewpoint, and his presence. For if one is remembered by a friend, one is never truly gone.
Friedrich Neitzsche|Far too long hath there been a slave and a tyrant concealed in a woman. On that account woman is not yet capable of friendship: she knoweth only love. In a woman's love there is injustice and blindness to all she doth not love. And even in woman's conscious love, there is always surprise and lightening and night , along with the light.
Nicholas Eames, Kings of the Wyld|(...) Clay knew better. He and Gabriel had been friends for thirty-five years, and Gabe had been talking him into doing recklessly stupid shit for damn near all of them. He was a charismatic craftsman: every heart a furnace, every soul a blade.
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|You can love something without loving everything about it. You don't have to feel embarrassed about not being proud. That applies to hockey, but it also applies to friends.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|A light has dawned for me: I need companions, living ones, not dead companions and corpses which I carry with me wherever I wish. But I need living companions who follow me because they want to follow themselves— and who want to go where I want to go.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Melly is the only woman friend I ever had,” she thought forlornly, “the only woman except Mother who really loved me. She’s like Mother, too. Everyone who knew her has clung to her skirts.
Matthew Pearl, The Dante Club|Believe that when I am at once a man's friend I am always so-nor is it so very hard to bring me to it. And though a man may enjoy himself in being my enemy, he cannot make me HIS for longer than I wish. Good afternoon." Lowell had a way of leaving a conversation with the other person needing more from him.
Seneca|How closely flattery resembles friendship! It not only apes friendship, but outdoes it, passing it in the race; with wide-open and indulgent ears it is welcomed and sinks to the depths of the heart, and it is pleasing precisely wherein it does harm.
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|But of course, the Count also wept for himself. For despite his friendships with Marina and Andrey and Emile, despite his love for Anna, despite Sofia - that extraordinary blessing that had struck him from the blue - when Mikhail Fyodorovich Mindich died, there went the last of those who had known him as a younger man.
Ruthi Postow Birch, How to Build a Piano Bench|You're going to meet people in this world who are fine, quality people. They'll build your character, and you want to hang around with them. Then there are the ones who don't do right. They will tear you down. Be nice to them-never hurt anybody-but don't hang with them.
Soman Chainani, The Last Ever After|Sophie bristled. “About to die with your beloved prince and still thinking about me. My story will go on without you, Agatha. I don’t need you anymore or your pity, like one of your decrepit cats. I’m no longer your Good Deed.”“But I’m still yours,” said Agatha. “Because without your love, I’d never have become who I really am. So even if I die, I’ll always be your Good Deed, Sophie. And no Evil in the world will ever erase that.
Christopher Bollen|All close friendships are marked with competition. Our earliest tests are against our siblings and playmates, and some of that rivalry endures amongst friends into adulthood. Like dogs play fighting, you learn not to bite hard.
Pat Shand, Destiny, NY, Volume One: Who I Used to Be|Tell me you'll never lie to me again, and I'll go with you.
Alain de Botton, The Consolations of Philosophy|We pick our friends not only because they are kind and enjoyable company, but also, perhaps more importantly, because they understand us for who we think we are.
Rachel Hauck, The Writing Desk|Look, this isn't about the ring or when I ever made a hamburger, which, for your information, was my senior year of college.""Right, when you almost caught our kitchen on fire.""And you dated one of the firefighters for six months. You're welcome. Back to my problem.
Svetlana Chmakova, Brave|If they're friends, then they've got your back . . . whether you're there or not. Friends won't "forget" about you.
Svetlana Chmakova, Brave|It doesn't count if it's from friends, right?
Gwenda Bond, Triple Threat|Please, I'm your friend -- inside that tough-girl shell is a really tough girl. But you're motivated by how much you care. Being part of Team Lois, it's an honor. There's nothing you wouldn't do for any of us.
Carolyn Riker, Blue Clouds: A Collection of Soul’s Creative Intelligence|The Moon is always there. A half blink of shadow, a crescent of an eyelash, opulent in fullness, spellbound in nothingness, and a friend.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|I hated reunions. It made myself felt so little afterwards. When I was there, I couldn’t help not knowing. But after I knew things, I couldn’t stop comparing. I was congratulating people when they told me the good news, but deep inside I was wondering whether their good news was better than mine. Life wasn’t supposed to be a competition, but it really felt like one.
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|When one turns seventeen and begins to experience that first period of real independence, one's senses are so alert, one's sentiments so finely attuned that every conversation, every look, every laugh may be writ indelibly upon one's memory. And the friends that one happens to make in those impressionable years? One will meet them forever after with a welling of affection.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|But for a Christian, there are, strictly speaking, no chances. A secret Master of Ceremonies has been at work. Christ, who said to the disciples, 'Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you,' can truly say to every group of Christian friends, 'You have not chosen one another, but I have chosen you for one another.' The friendship is not a reward for our discrimination and good taste in finding one another out. It is the instrument by which God reveals to each the beauties of all the others...At this feast it is He who has spread the board and it is He who has chosen the guests. it is He, we may dare to hope, who sometimes does, and always should preside. Let us not reckon without our Host.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|He and I have a head-nod friendship, since that's pretty much the limit of our interaction.
Jeannette A. Bakke, Holy Invitations: Exploring Spiritual Direction|Do not expect trust to appear suddenly and in a state of completion. Trust grows gradually as we venture forth little by little, with God and each other. As our trust grows, so will our willingness and courage to speak and listen with greater freedom. Seeing things more clearly is often one of the fruits of our growing trust.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|The first service that one owes to others in the fellowship consists in listening to them. Just as love to God begins with listening to His Word, so the beginning of love for the brethren is learning to listen to them. It is God's love for us that He not only gives us His Word but also lends us His ear. So it is His work that we do for our brother and sister when we learn to listen to them.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Uncle Silas|I had first thought of Milly's absurdities, to which, in description, I cannot do justice, simply because so many details have, by distance of time, escaped my recollection. But her ways and her talk were so indescribably grotesque that she made me again and again quiver with suppressed laughter. But there was a pitiable and even a melancholy meaning underlying the burlesque. This creature, with no more education than a dairy-maid, I gradually discovered had fine natural aptitudes for accomplishment - a very sweet voice, and wonderfully delicate ear, and a talent for drawing which quite threw mine into the shade. It was really astonishing.
Kevin Reaver, Outcast|We were more alike than any of the others, neither of us quite human and both hated by the two species we drifted between.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|I meditated on my childhood, vague and distant before high school, where Laura still flickered only on the edge of things.
Haruki Murakami, Absolutely on Music: Conversations with Seiji Ozawa|In that sense, this is not a standard book of interviews. Nor is it what you might call a book of 'celebrity conversations.' What I was searching for - with increasing clarity as the sessions progressed - was something akin to the heart's natural resonance. What I did my best to hear, of course, was that resonance coming from Ozawa's heart. After all, in our conversations I was the interviewer and he was the interviewee. But what I often heard at the same time was the resonance of my own heart. At times that resonance was something I recognized as having long been a part of me, and at other times it came as a complete surprise. In other words, through a kind of sympathetic vibration that occurred during all of these conversations, I may have been simultaneously discovering Seiji Ozawa and, bit by bit, Haruki Murakami.
Joyce Rachelle|If I exist, then surely there must be someone else out there like me.
Desiree Williams, Illusionary|Yes!" Torin threw an arm over Reese's shoulder. "Smell that in the air? A grand adventure awaits.
Nina LaCour, You Know Me Well|Friendship is about more than facts. It's about knowing what someone is thinking, or knowing enough to know that you don't. But I guess it's also about not letting too much time go by without asking them questions, so you don't end up looking at them one afternoon, the sun so bright you have to squint, realizing that you hardly recognize the person they've become.
Haruki Murakami, Absolutely on Music: Conversations with Seiji Ozawa|I have met many different people in the course of my life, some of whom I have come to know pretty well, but where these three traits are concerned, I had never encountered anyone before Seiji Ozawa with whom I found it so easy and natural to identify. In that sense, he is a precious person to me. It sets my mind at ease to know that there is someone like him in the world.
Scott Adams, The Joy of Work: Dilbert's Guide to Finding Happiness at the Expense of Your Co-Workers|Never use naughtiness in mixed company, unless your witticism is so funny that your audience will shoot tears of happiness out of their eyes with a velocity sufficient to powerwash a small bus. Any joke that falls short of that standard will make you lose respect in the eyes of everyone except your best friends, who, as you know, lost respect for you long ago.
Unknown|Finding someone who thinks you’re interesting enough to talk to you every day, whether they’re a friend or a lover, is one of the best feelings ever.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Friendship true is a vow of care.A warm embrace when in despair.A loving presence waiting thereto lift a heart, its burdens bear.Friendship true is an earnest prayer.A tongue of praise for one’s welfare.A smile ’mid laughs as light as air,and thoughtfulness most kind and rare.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|What is so rewarding about friendship?” my son asked, curling his upper lip into a sour expression. “Making friends takes too much time and effort, and for what?” I sat on the edge of his bed, understanding how it might seem simpler to go at life solo. “Friendship has unique rewards,” I told him. “They can be unpredictable. For instance....” I couldn’t help but pause to smile crookedly at an old memory that was dear to my heart. Then I shared with my son an unforgettable incident from my younger years. “True story. When I was about your age, I decided to try out for a school play. Tryouts were to begin after the last class of the day, but first I had to run home to grab a couple props for the monologue I planned to perform during tryouts. Silly me, I had left them at the house that morning. Luckily, I only lived across a long expanse of grassy field that separated the school from the nearest neighborhood. Unluckily, it was raining and I didn’t have an umbrella.  “Determined to get what I needed, I raced home, grabbed my props, and tore back across the field while my friend waited under the dry protection of the school’s wooden eaves. She watched me run in the rain, gesturing for me to go faster while calling out to hurry up or we would be late.  “The rain was pouring by that time which was added reason for me to move fast. I didn’t want to look like a wet rat on stage in front of dozens of fellow students. Don’t ask me why I didn’t grab an umbrella from home—teenage pride or lack of focus, I’m not sure—but the increasing rain combined with the hollering from my friend as well as my anxious nerves about trying out for the play had me running far too fast in shoes that lacked any tread.  “About a yard from the sidewalk where the grass was worn from foot traffic and consequently muddied from the downpour of rain, I slipped and fell on my hind end. Me, my props, and my dignity slid through the mud and lay there, coated. My things were dripping with mud. I was covered in it. I felt my heart plunge, and I wanted to cry. I probably would have if it hadn’t been for the wonderful thing that happened right then. My crazy friend ran over and plopped herself down in the mud beside me. She wiggled in it, making herself as much a mess as I was. Then she took my slimy hand in hers and pulled us both to our feet. We tried out for the play looking like a couple of swine escaped from a pigsty, laughing the whole time. I never did cry, thanks to my friend. “So yes, my dear son, friendship has its unique rewards—priceless ones.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|For me, there are distinct levels of friendship:BEST FRIEND: An extremely close individual you can do anything with, talk about everything with, confide in, and be comfortable with sitting in silence on car journeys; those people you consider to be part of your familyGOOD FRIEND: A person you are comfortable hanging out with one-on-one for an extended period of time and see semiregularly; someone who shares experiences with you but not your deepest troubles and secretsFRIEND: Someone you hang out with in a group setting occasionallyAcquaintance: Someone you know on a first-name basis and say "hi" to but that's pretty much the extent of itSTRANGERS: The rest of the world (and all your potential best friends in the future)
Vineet Raj Kapoor|If You Respect Their Preparation,You never Drop the Baton
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|Know this too: Some people won't like you, and you won't like everyone. That's okay. None of that matters. What matters is meeting like-minded people who get you, accept you, and will do anything for you. Even if that means pegging some poor kid in the face with a snowball and sitting against a playground wall on a cold, snowy day.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|True friendship is counted in memories, experiences, and troubles shared; it's a bond built up over time in person, not a virtual tally on the Internet. It finds you; you don't find it.
Saravana Kumar Murugan, Coffee Date|Friendship, a covalent bond, powerful and without any expectations.
Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight: Memories 1|Rima: "Hey Shiki, won't you be my husband?"Shiki: "sure."Rima: "How rash..."Shiki: "Ehh? Why...? It means that you will be my friend and companion forever. What is there to ponder?
Megan Abbott, Dare Me|It is not aloofness, superiority. It’s a protection. Who in this ravaged battlefield doesn’t want to gather close her comrades?
Elena Ferrante, Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay|The solitude of women's minds is regrettable, I said to myself, it's a waste to be separated from each other without procedures, without tradition.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|No, the point of this story is that there are only a select few friends, past or present, that I would go to such lengths to stand by. That's what school really taught me: the enduring nature of friendship. How special it is to grow up and share a history with someone. As I've gotten older, friendships rooted in childhood feel even richer and more irreplaceable.
Inga Simpson, Where the Trees Were|We were all grinning and everyone had their eyes open for once. Ian must have been moving - his hand was blurred. It was exactly how I imagined us, right down to Kieran's arm around me and the peace sign he was making above Matty's head. The big carving was behind us, and the other trees leaned into the picture, like giant people.Then a cloud went over the sun and Ian said he had better get going. I wished we had taken five pictures so that we could all have a copy. When I looked at the image again, the colours had already started to fade, as if it was a moment we could never have back.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|It allows you to be yourself, good and bad. And it's a two-way street: you give and take equally.
Emma Mills, This Adventure Ends|What are you going to do for school?""Go to FSU with Tash.""What if there was no Tash? What would you do then?""I don't know," she murmurs. "Maybe go wherever Gabe goes. Or come to New York with you."It fills me with warmth, running liquid through me, but it won't thaw my mind. "Why does it have to be, like, based off someone else? Why can't you just do what you want?""What I want is to be around people I care about.""Oh." I blink at the ceiling once, twice, eyelids getting heavy, eyes getting fuzzy. It makes sense when she says it like that.
Lou Andreas-Salomé|The closer two people stand to each other inwardly, the more readily they become for each other the condition under which alone their two beings find expression.
Kris Noel, Prime|Then August knew. Thomas didn’t dwell on things. Thomas was strong, and he didn’t know what it was to be afraid. He knew he could get what he wanted, never questioning his identity or who he would be the next day.He was everything August wasn’t, and that’s why August hated him.
Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac|Watching other people making friends, everywhere, as a dog makes friends. I mark the manner of these canine courtesies and think, here comes, thank Heaven, another enemy!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Laugh, and the world longs to be your friend.
Nicholas Eames, Kings of the Wyld|As individuals they were each of them fallible, discordant as notes without harmony. But as a band they were something more, something perfect in its own intangible way
Jenn Granneman, The Secret Lives of Introverts: Inside Our Hidden World|As an introvert, you crave intimate moments and deep connections--and those usually aren't found in a crowd.
Joyce Rachelle|If a normally kind, agreeable person makes an enemy of you, you ought to ask yourself why.
Jennifer Finney Boylan, Long Black Veil|It's funny how you can know a person, think of him as your closest friend, and still never gain access to the secret chambers in his heart.
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|I see it as symbolic. The label no longer fits. His emotional parsimoniousness just got sucked away by the beautiful blue sky. I lean forward and reach my hand behind my back, then take my sign off, and I toss it out the window, too. I am no longer an ex-stripper's daughter, either. I have gone from invisible Vera Dietz to invincible Vera Dietz.
Sara Zarr, Roomies|Is that the destiny of all friendships, no matter how good they are? To die out or fade away? To end?
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|There was a sudden flash of lightning which brightly illuminated our faces. I squinted against the harsh light. It was soon followed by the crack of thunder. The strong wind whipped our hair around our faces, and the younger girls squealed as they quickly ran across the grass to get inside the school.	Rose and I sat up, smiles on our faces as we listened to the weather’s dangerous melody. The third flash of lightning finally ripped open the sky’s belly. Freezing rain cascaded out, drenching us in a matter of seconds, the flower garlands drooping and lying limp on our matted hair.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|On a grim and dismal day that shattered my last ounce of confidence, I broke down and whimpered, “I’m awful and hideous and incompetent and boring and utterly useless.” And then you grinned at me and said, “That’s okay.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|The two of us locked up our own little secrets from the real world. We had experienced countless sleepless nights when we would share our fears, our worries, and our passions; when we would gossip about the school and the other girls. We had played too many pranks and snuck out more than enough times to be expelled if the teachers ever found out. We were professionals at the art of being discreet; however, we had never found sneaking out of a residence necessary, especially when the reason was not to play a prank.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|The rain landed on my skin with a barely audible patter and changed the tempo of its repetitive dance, letting the wind change its course and angle. The cold soon seeped through my dress and into my bones. An iris from my garland fell in my lap.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|I took my friend’s hand as she helped me up. With our hands still linked and our flower crowns tangled in our hair, we danced, laughing with joy, through the rain and towards the school, the lightning showing us our path with its powerful light.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If I could have one friend,just one in all the world,I know that I would not seek outa boy or pretty girl.The friend I’d dare to chooseto stand by me each daywould be a dragon fierce enoughto scare the world away.
Russ Ramsey, Struck: One Christian's Reflections on Encountering Death|We want the people around us to show us a satisfactory measure of genuine empathy, but no one has any idea what that looks like. This puts everyone in the precarious position of guaranteed failure. I know that no one knows how to deal with stuff like this. There are no experts here.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|I must be able to say, 'Percival, a ridiculous name'. At the same time let me tell you, men and women, hurrying to the tube station, you would have had to respect him. You would have had to form up and follow behind him. How strange to oar one's way through crowds seeing life through hollow eyes, burning eyes.
Megan Jacobson, Yellow|In my 14 years of existence, I've never had a girl write nice things about me. I want to cry, and I think of that night with my mother, at the school social and how nice she and Noah were, and how kindness punches you in the heart more than meanness ever can. It's the most powerful weapon there is. And I wonder why people don't use it more often.
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|As I load my shirt into the washer for the night, I daydream about making a sign and hanging it around my neck. I could wear it to school tomorrow. It could read, I MISS CHARLIE KHAN.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sometimes in life, people get closer, but their bonds wither in no time like the vapor. It takes just a moment to know somebody and it takes just a second to connect with somebody, but the journey there on is the ultimate thing! The true meaning of true friendship is always given by the friends!
Jennifer Finney Boylan, Long Black Veil|I wondered ...if meeting people with creativity and passion when you were at an impressionable enough age actually kind of ruined you for life among normal people. For a long time, I'd searched the world, thinking I could start up new friendships like the ones I'd had before. But I never met people like that again. I know people will think that's what everyone believes about their college friends, but it's true. Maybe we're like flowers that open up at that brief moment in our lives, and after that, we close up again, one by one.
Mereda Hart Farynyk, Daughter of the Rain|It felt natural, somehow, to be beside him—natural and reassuring—like coming home after a long journey to finally sleep in your own bed.
Ransom Riggs, Library of Souls|Hugh and Fiona stood off to one side, their hands linked and foreheads touching, saying goodbye in their own quiet way. Finally, we'd all finished with Claire and were ready to go, but no one wanted to disturb them, so we stood watching as Fiona pulled away from Hugh, shook a few seeds from her nest of wild hair, and grew a rose bush heavy with red flowers right where they stood. Hugh's bees rushed to pollinate it, and while they were occupied– as if she'd done it just so they could have a moment to themselves– Fiona embraced him and whispered something in his ear, and Hugh nodded and whispered.
Emery Lord, The Names They Gave Us|And I want to be one of them. I want to be one of them so, so badly - to fit into this balance, their history, the wolf pack way of them. I see it now, why my mom wants that for me. I see how you can't help but want it, if you get close enough to witness a group of friends knitted together like this.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|You know that I love you quite a lot --But sometimes... not. Sometimes not.I don't know why.I guess IJust hate you sometimes,Because sometimes I even hate myself,And she loves you.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|That night, we talked the way old friends do, with candor and ease.
Adrianna Stepiano|Into the wind we vary,Our hearts free of youth,Mold me into envy,If I can’t have your muse;Under toe,Walk to the throne,After centuries of life.
Tahereh Mafi, Furthermore|Alice couldn’t explain why, exactly, but she knew now that things had changed between them. Oliver had become her friend in an absolute, uncomplicated way. She was done fighting him, and he was done lying to her.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|I know I've got no reason to be crying;I know that there is nowhere left to run.I know that there's no reason to be hiding,I'm just mad at everyone; mad at everyone.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|Oh stupid, silly, awkward me;Will I never, ever see?People babble, speak, and talk;All I can do is stand and gawk!
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|You understand that proof of your friendship lay in keeping your distance, in accepting what was told you, in turning and walking away when the door was shut in your face instead of trying to force it open again
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|To no one, he knew, not even to Willem. But he'd had years to learn how to keep his thoughts to himself; unlike his friends, he had learned not to share evidence of his oddities as a way to distinguish himself from others, although he was happy and proud that they shared theirs with him
Margo T. Rose, The Words|All the things that you said when you thought I wasn't there,I just tell them to my corner, 'cause no one else would care.That way, when I'm with you, I can keep a cheerful face,But for the moment, I really just need some space.
Stephanie May Wilson, Dear Best Friends, Where Are You?|I can’t imagine anything more life-giving, more comforting, or more fun than being curled up andsurrounded by a group of women who know you deeply, and love you relentlessly.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|The corner doesn't mind listening to the stupid things I say;Sometimes it's the only one keeping me from running away.And the corner never tells me things I'd rather never know;We became the best of friends long, long, long ago.
William Brodrick, The Day of the Lie|Sometimes, Anselm – and especially with the most important parts of our lives – we cannot share who we are. We can give the facts, as information, to a stranger; but with a friend we want to give that little bit more, something that changes the facts into flesh and spirit . . . and at certain times we can’t do it. Because ultimately we can’t give away our depths: they lie beyond our grasp. It is when we most want to do so that we realize how immense we are . . . more vast and mysterious than the night sky; and alone.
Stephen King, It|(...) if that's what has to be. no good friends. No bad riends. Only people you want, need to be with; people who build their houses in your heart.
Stephen King, It|(...) if that's waht has to be. No good friends. No bad friends. Only people you want, need to be with; people who build their houses in your heart.
Carl Busby Sr, Poems from the Sand II|Insightful, creative mind, dedicated, and wonderful friend and co-worker whom I had the privilege to work with in Mosul, Iraq ‘07. His understanding of life’s experiences and relationships is truly an art. His willingness to help a friend in need and go the “extra-mile” to get to know someone is amazing. Carl has truly been blessed with the gift of writing as a way of reaching out to others. It is a blessing to call him my dear friend.
Carl Busby Sr, Poems from the Sand II|If we are fortunate, we get to experience a lifetime event, And in my case it was meeting a true friend that God sent. A friend is someone that I will always care for and cherish, There is a bond between us that I definitely won’t let perish.
Angie karan|In times of adversity, you will realize who is there for you. The struggle is real and those who walk with you with love, are honorable true friends. Be thankful for the friends and loved ones you’ve got.
Socrates|Get not your friends by bare compliments, but by giving them sensible tokens of your love.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|A new friend is always a miracle...One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
Amanda Gier|A friend is someone, who upon seeing another friend in immense pain, would rather be the one experiencing the pain than to have to watch their friend suffer.
Tony Hoagland|There isn’t a word for walking out of the grocery storewith a gallon jug of milk in a plastic sackthat should have been bagged in double layers—so that before you are even out the dooryou feel the weight of the jug draggingthe bag down, stretching the thinplastic handles longer and longerand you know it’s only a matter of time untilbottom suddenly splits.There is no single, unimpeachable wordfor that vague sensation of somethingmoving away from youas it exceeds its elastic capacity —which is too bad, because that is the wordI would like to use to describe standing on the streetchatting with an old friendas the awareness grows in me that he isno longer a friend, but only an acquaintance,a person with whom I never made the effort—until this moment, when as we say goodbyeI think we share a feeling of relief, a recognition that we have reachedthe end of a pretense, though to tell the truthwhat I already am thinking aboutis my gratitude for language—how it will stretch just so much and no farther;how there are some holes it will not cover up;how it will move, if not inside, thenaround the circumference of almost anything—how, over the years, it has given meback all the hours and days, all theplodding love and faith, all themisunderstandings and secretsI have willingly poured into it.
Charles Caleb Cotton|Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship – never.
Marlana Williams, Eagle in the Owl's Nest|Friendship can be obtained from anyone at any time. It knows no difference between age, gender, or even species.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Friendship, like other kinds of altruism, is vulnerable to cheaters, and we have a special name for them: fair-weather friends. These sham friends reap the benefits of associating with a valuable person and mimic signs of warmth in an effort to become valued themselves. But when a little rain falls, they are nowhere in sight.
Anthony Trollope, The Belton Estate|The more she was absolutely in need of external friendship, the more disposed was she to reject it, and to declare to herself that she was prepared to stand alone in the world.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|Just friends, she reminded herself. They were only friends, and would only be friends from here on out. It was a friendship that was to be cherished, as she cherished all the friendships she'd made aboard this ship. She wouldn't ruin it by wishing things could be more. She would be grateful for what affection she did have.
Izey Victoria Odiase|Passive-Aggressive behavior consumes unnecessary time and resources. Say what you mean, let's resolve the issue, and move on to more productive tasks.
Robin Sacredfire|Ask the person who found you about what kind of people they were looking for before meeting you, as they may not know that they have found one of them already.
Robin Sacredfire|Ask the person who found you about what kind of people she was looking for before meeting you, as she may not know that she has found one of them already.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|Friendships take minutes to make, moments to break, years to repair
F.K. Preston|The strangest thing about demons is that they come to love you. As much as they try to murder the very core of you when you first meet, they become your closest companions. I never asked for this devil on my shoulder. But my eyes are burning and I’m not alone. If you see a red gaze at midheaven, look away. It’s exactly as they say: hell is a hungry place.
Rebecca McNutt, Listen is Silent, or The Usurer|Terrell is weeping soundlessly, and despite the guard’s objection, he raises his hand up to the glass. Geraldine mimics him, lining her fingers up with his. It’s lonely to think that one little sheet of glass could create such a thick distance between them, but all the same, regardless of what he’s done, he’s still one of the closest friends she has.
Karen A. Baquiran|We can easily be depleted from life and if we are truly lucky, we have that one friend who can replenish our love and peace. In our moment of revival, we can use that surrogate strength to create more... May we continue to make more.
Jeremy Bushnell|... when people love you, they show up. Sometimes that means that they get to bail you out of trouble. It's not bad when that happens; it just means that you return the obligation when you get the chance. You be a guy who is present instead of a fuck-up.
Julian Quintero|‪To know someone is to have your own personal experiences with them, not lead by the opinion of others.‬
Alyssa Cole, Let Us Dream|Women helped each other in ways small and large every day, without thinking, and that was what kept them going even when the world came up with new and exciting ways to crush them.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|Why not open the door, and open their arms, and close them again around each other? Did the not understand how, in the strange chemistry of human emotion, his suffering and her, mingled together, could... countervail each other?
Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont, Beauty and the Beast|Alas! I thought I had only a friendship for you, but the grief I now feel convinces me, that I cannot live without you.
Phil Knight, Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of NIKE|He was easy to talk to, and easy not to talk to—equally important qualities in a friend.
Malak El Halabi|And then there are those you stop counting the years with because they are here to stay.They are here. And they aren't going anywhere.Nothing will make them flinch.Nothing will make them think twice.They know you at your worst,the worst you didn't even know you had.They know the sound of your mood swings, the color of your anger, how you curse when you curse, how you shout when you throw a tantrum. They know when you're avoiding a subject. They know when you're lying. They know when you're jealous. They know your vices by heart and they celebrate them. They celebrate you-- vices included.They know your lost dreams and how life fucked you over. They know the battles you lost. And they think your fabulous when you think you're just an unlucky mediocre person who once thought will make it big in life.They know the last time you were happy. They see the unspoken sadness in your eyes. They know the words behind your silence. They know the photographs playing in your mind when you're looking afar.They know YOU, the naked YOU, the raw YOU, not the embellished YOU people see, not the YOU that will be read in biographies or in elegies once you're dead, not the YOU that introduces you to others.They love you from the bottom of their heart. They are your family regardless of their blood. They are your squad. They are your people.And no matter how many times you make them open the door, they can't walk out. They just can't. Because, just sometimes, when people say forever, they mean it. They do.
Joyce Rachelle|Yes you have returnedAnd things are as they wereBut this you cannot hide,A part of you has died.
William Maxwell, The Folded Leaf|When he turned and walked into the living room he knew instantly why it was that he hadn’t wanted to come here, and that he ought to get out as soon as he possibly could. There, staring him in the face, was everything he’d been deprived of for the last five years.
Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards|We can't deliver folks from their pits, but we can sure get in there with them until God does.
litymunshi|if you can ,gift a relationship to someone rather destroy a relationship to someone .
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|To be a MVF (Most Valuable Friend), you need to tell your friends the pure truth about themselves. However, how you tell them the truth is the difference between being a villain or a hero.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We might respect a serious person with an austere and rigid personality, but we adore merry, kindhearted, and artistic people.
Ash Gray, The Infinite Athenaeum|You said the d-word,” Owllwin said regretfully. “I didn’t think you would, or I woulda warned ya.”“ . . . the d-word?” Cricket repeated in confusion.“Yeah . . .” Owllwin paused as if he was glancing around, then he whispered through the wall, “Dragon.” Cricket blinked. “Why can’t I say that?
Yukio Mishima, Spring Snow|So young and so lethargic! As though he had been born to sit and stare like this. Ever since Kiyoaki had confided in him, Shigekuni, who would have been bright and confident, as befitted such an able young man, had undergone a change. Or rather, the friendship between him and Kiyoaki had undergone a strange reversal. For years, each of them had been extremely careful to intrude in no way on the personal life of the other. But now, just three days before, Kiyoaki had suddenly come to him and, like a newly cured patient transmitting his disease to someone else, had passed on to his friend the virus of introspection. It had taken hold so readily that Honda's disposition now seemed a far better host to it than Kiyoaki's. The first major symptom of the disease was a vague sense of apprehension.
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|For us Deewan Bhai, whatever it takes
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|Promise me Deewan bhai, you will not let Safeena become another Bilal.
Nikki Rowe|With so many people in the world i am confident in saying, if you connect with someone on a soul level you dont take them for granted.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We live mindfully by harvesting evocative scenes to pay attention to including the mountains and oceans, flowers and trees, love and friendship, music and literature, art and poetry.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|Don't be sorry;Don't you cry.It's enoughThat you tried.I love you,And that won't change.It's not your faultThings worked out this way
Ash Gray, The Infinite Athenaeum|Owllwin was easiest the most contrary person Cricket had ever known. He was arrogant but humble, cowardly but brave, foolish but wise. He was funny, but sometimes she caught him crying when he was off on his own. It were as if he pushed himself to be a better person in spite of himself, in spite of his own failings, and Cricket secretly admired the fact: not many people were willing to admit they had faults in the first place.
Janine R Pestel|Friends don't let friends go to hell."- Johann Gunter in "The Bucktown Babies
Jason Versey|Long time friends have a way of touching and impacting our lives in ways never imagined. As we try to find our own place in this ever changing world, it's comforting to know, that even though separated by time, distance or circumstance, what remains constant is an unspoiled bond of love and loyalty that can be depended upon for a lifetime. One of God's most special gifts...is friendship.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Now, Max, I have told you many times that you are my publisher, and permanently, as far as one can fling about the word in this too mutable world....The idea of leaving you has never for one single moment entered my head.
Maxwell Perkins, Dear Scott/Dear Max: The Fitzgerald-Perkins Correspondence|Whenever any of these new writers come up who are brilliant, I always realize that you have more talent and more skill than any of them;---but circumstances have prevented you from realizing upon the fact for a long time. [About F. Scott Fitzgerald]
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wind in the Door|Mr Jenkins. Unique, as every star in the sky is unique, every leaf on every tree, every snowflake, every farandola, every cherubim, unique: Named.
Zoe Cruz, Beastia|There’s an innocence to her still that amazes me. Sometimes I forget she’s older than me. Then, I remember that she hasn’t gone through what I’ve gone through.
Dawn Camp, The Gift of Friendship: Stories That Celebrate the Beauty of Shared Moments|We need those who laugh when we laugh, cry when we cry, and then pass the chips and salsa.
Ash Gray, The Infinite Athenaeum|Yet while Owllwin was arrogant, he was also humble enough to admit when he had made a mistake. Perhaps it was his sheer clumsiness that kept him so humble: the first time he spoke to Cricket was in the great dining hall, and he brought down six tables five minutes after.
Jackie Castle, Luminosity|Stitch tucked his knife into the utility belt he always wore around his waist. "Jerin, I'm going to miss practicing with you. Playing Knights and letting you win." He patted the man on the shoulder. "And filling your boots with slugs. Such great times." "That was you!" Jerin roared, his fingers wrapping around the leather covered hilt.
Jackie Castle, Luminosity|Lotari turned back to the dance floor in time to see Stitch spin Carah before sweeping her into a low dip. Stitch grinned at Jerin and gave him a wink. Jerin's fist clenched. His face went from red to almost purple. Lotari thought he might need to intervene before this got out of hand and Jerin pulled out the sword. He glanced at Alyra. The bird was gone. The girl sat wide-eyed, her hands fumbling with something beneath the table. "Ooh, oh, my." The palomino stumbled. Lotari rushed over to help.  "Oh, my leg. My leg!" he limped, draping his arm over Carah's shoulder. "Please, my dear, help me over to my friends where I can rest it a moment. Ohhh, this is tragic. I was having such fun. Oh my." Lotari stopped, realizing Stitch had suddenly switched the leg he limped on. "I am sorry. You are such a marvelous dancer. Jerin, you must take her out for me. She is much too good to be another wallflower." Jumping right into the game, Lotari gave the big man a hard push. "Yes, you must." Carah's gaze narrowed on Stitch with suspicious amusement. Perhaps realizing the opportunity given her, she smiled endearingly, turning the solid young man into a puddle of mush. "I'll be most grateful if you could finish the song with me, Jerin." She even flipped her strawberry curls from her face. Perfect.Lotari wasn't sure, but thought Jerin said something that sounded like, "Ilbebbedgladtoooo."  As he led Carah to the dance floor, Stitch and Lotari clapped each other's back. "Well done, Son" Lotari looked toward Alyra. "Pure brilliance." She was gone.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, The Weak Point Dealer|Books are our best friends we say, so can we call 'Paragraphs' as our 'Just Friends'?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If the gate to your precious room is always left ajar, people shall least knock before entering into your precious room!
Dee-Williams|The naysayer has a place in your life, but if that is someone that you are considering to be your friend, do they truly add value in your life?
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|I have this thing about friends and secrets. Sometimes when I meet a person I like, I tell them a secret they don't know me well enough to be told. It lets me judge their potential as a friend.
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|Secrets make life more interesting. You can be in a crowded room with someone and touch them without touching, just with a look, because they know a part of you no one else knows. And whenever you're with them, the two of you are alone, because the you they see no one else can.
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|May 4, 2006Blog Entry #1There once was a girl who took everything for granted.  She had friends. She had good friends—friends who saw her geeky exterior but loved her anyway, friends who had known her since before she knew herself. But she wanted more. She had people who loved her. She had a huge house on a hill. A bedroom as big as a studio apartment. But she still wasn't satisfied. She moved to the ends of the earth … Long Island, New York. She thought it would be exciting. And for a little while it was. But she soon found that life in the “city” wasn’t everything she hoped for. Before long, all the shops and landmarks were meaningless, and she realized that all the parties in the world meant nothing—especially if she didn't have the people to share them with. She decided to make a distress call. She lined up coconuts. H–E–L–PShe spent one and a half years on her “deserted island.” Then, a moving truck finally answered her call. But little did she know that she was returning to her home as a different person. She was returning with lessons of contentment that would stick with her forever. Lessons of gratitude, integrity, faith, and love. Exposure to things and ideas she would have never seen in Snellville, Georgia. How she could be and how her life could be… She drove back down only to find that she wasn't the only one who had changed.
Robin M. King, Memory of Monet|William’s head tilted and the fluorescent lights above us reflected in his eyes, making them glow like translucent sapphires. “I wasn’t sure I had anything here in Providence drawing me back.” He studied my face and then smiled that schoolboy grin from all my memories. “But I don’t think Providence has seen the last of me yet.
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|I remember when I was five playing tag with Cara and her brother. I accidentally got pushed into the side of her trampoline, and I bit the inside of my mouth. Blood gushed everywhere. Cara’s mom held me until my parents came back. I didn’t need stitches, but it was nasty. I roll my tongue over a small bump on the side of my mouth. Yep. It’s still there. Real friendships have battle scars.
Jessica Sorensen, The Redemption of Callie & Kayden|He gazes at the people in the truck. "Are you driving back with them?  Smiling, I nod. "Yes." "With a bunch of dudes?" "Yes." "Is that safe?" My smile expands into a face consuming grin. " I am safer in that truck than I am anywhere else.
Dani Pettrey, Still Life|They were all highly respectable in their professions and, together, practically unstoppable. But most importantly, they were on her side. She couldn't feel more blessed....or anxious. She sighed. *in italics* Forgive me, Lord, for being so antsy. For worrying, I know it adds nothing to my life or any help to the situation at hand, but it's my friend's disappearance that we're investigating, and I don't know where to start. I don't want to choose the wrong lead. Please direct our investigation and help me to bring Skylar home. I'm the reason she is the way she is. Please don't let it be too late. *end italics*
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|Sometimes, even those whom we consider as our close friends may betray us so easily, in a moment when we do not even expect it. Such is the truth of life, despite so many eloquent odes humanity dedicated to friendship.
V.E. Schwab, A Conjuring of Light|Next time I walk away,” she whispered into his skin, “come with me.” She let her gaze drift up to his throat, his jaw, his lips. “When this is all over, when Osaron is gone and we’ve saved the world again, and everyone else gets their happily ever after, come with me.” “Lila,” he said, and there was so much sadness in his voice, she suddenly realized she didn’t want to hear his answer, didn’t want to think of all the ways their story could end, of the chance that none of them would make it out alive, intact. She didn’t want to think beyond this boat, this moment, so she kissed him, deeply, and whatever he was going to say, it died on his lips as they met hers.
Jeffrey Fry|Though I can make a friend in an hour, it will take a lifetime to cultivate a friendship.
John Gwynne, Ruin|Family. Friendship. Loyalty. These things have been my guiding stars, my light in these dark times.
Svetlana Chmakova, Awkward|My mom says . . . there are bad people who hurt others for fun . . . and there are good people who do it by accident. Like, they make a mistake? I think you're a good person.
Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl|Ambition had a price, and that price was friendship.
Stephen King, It|The most important things are the hardest things to say, because words diminish them...
Daphne Kalotay, Russian Winter|He had insinuated himself into Nina's life in a gentle, measured way, through small gifts and intelligent, respectful notes. His attention was never overbearing, nor disturbingly selfless, but wise and reserved.
Isaac Oliver, Intimacy Idiot|Here’s my usual party strategy: find the liquor, find the food, find the space where two walls meet. Alienate enough people around you to have some breathing room. Find the attractive people—this shouldn’t take long; they’ll be the ones getting everything they want in life. Once you’ve found them, stare hungrily at them all evening, and interpret every alarmed flicker of eye contact from them as a new stage in your relationship.
Jessica Sorensen, The Redemption of Callie & Kayden|I shrug and shuffle my toe across the carpet in front of me, feeling silly. "So? It's a compliment being like you."  All the humor evaporates from his face and his honey-brown eyes. Within seconds he has me in his arms and he hugs me like I'm the most important thing in the world to him. "Don't ever change, Callie Lawrence," he whispers in my hair. "Promise me you won't.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|I wish I had a parabatai," Emma said. "It's like someone who's your family, but because they want to be, not because they have to be.
Ann Brashares, The Second Summer of the Sisterhood|Tibby, on the other hand, had spent hundreds and hundreds of hours with Brian striving for the comfort of not knowing.
John Gregory Brown, A Thousand Miles from Nowhere|We have reached a place too dark to see, so we shall go together.
Nikki Grimes, One Last Word: Wisdom from the Harlem Renaissance|Son, don't mind what's missing. Count allthat's free: friendship, laughter, all thelove your heart can carry, and time -- count time.
General (Retd) Pervez Musharraf|To identity friend or foe is often impossible, unless someone commits a hostile act.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|Kengi?""Yeah?"I take a deep breath. Try to count the stars. "What am I going to do?""About what?"I hesitate. "About everything."Kenji makes a strange sound. "Shit if I know.""I don't want to do this without you," I whisper.He leans back. "Who said you're going to do anything without me?"My heart skips a few beats. I stare at him."What?" he asks. Raises his eyebrows. "You're surprised?""You'll fight with me?" I ask him, hardly breathing. "Fight back with me? Even if it's with Warner?"Kenji smiles. Looks up at the sky. "Hell yeah," he says. "Really?""I'm here for you, kid. That's what friends are for.
Holly Smale, Picture Perfect|The sad fact is, there are 7.220.400.641 people on the planet, but right now I haven't got a single one to talk to.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|she had no stay, no root in herself yet. Well do I know not one human being ought, even were it possible, to be enough for himself; each of us needs God and every human soul he has made, before he has enough; but we ought each to be able, in the hope of what is one day to come, to endure for a time, not having enough. Letty was unblamable that she desired the comfort of humanity around her soul, but I am not sure that she was quite unblamable in not being fit to walk a few steps alone, or even to sit still and expect. […] and now her heart was like a child left alone in a great room. She had not yet learned that we must each bear his own burden, and so become able to bear each the burden of the other. Poor friends we are, if we are capable only of leaning, and able never to support.
Karen E. Quinones Miller|Once we were in love, So I know it's true, the saying: True love never endsFor as much as I loved you when we were sweethearts, I love you even more Now that we are friends
Uma Shanker|Disappointment comes from ExpectationExpectation comes from intimacyIntimacy comes from common interestAnd common interest comes from friendshipSo to nurture friendship, abandon expectation
Holly Smale, Picture Perfect|Why do you always rescue me?" — "Every Cinderella needs a fairy godmother. But sometimes your fairy godmother needs you right back.
Holly Smale, Picture Perfect|And this way, l'll leave everything behind before it gets the chance to do the same to me.
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|Because that's what friends do. They speak the truth when you've lost your way, pick you up and brush you off , tell you that you're going to make it to the other side, and cheer you on until you get there.
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|When Perry and I walked into the hospital waiting room and I saw her sitting there, I began to cry, because that's what friendship looks like: knowing your friend better than she knows herself and being there to hold her hand while her heart breaks.
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|Some roads we travel in life can feel like the ones that might break us, but that's why God surrounds us with people who will cheer us on and wipe our tears and listen as we pour out our hearts. Because often, it's not what you say but what you do that really matters.
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|We both learned how to be a friend by watching the women who came before us. Women who taught us that it's okay to show someone who you really are-that when you stop hiding behind a mask of perfection and protection, you unlock something beautiful.... Our girlfriends weave a luminous thread from the women we are to the women we hope to become, We may never find perfection, but we'll never be alone.
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|It was the beginning of learning that I can't look to any one person to be my security blanket, and that my value goes deeper than one person's opinion of me. I learned that friendships are fragile and we need to handle them with respect and reverence.
Gabrielle Hamilton, Blood, Bones, and Butter: The Inadvertent Education of a Reluctant Chef|I was firmly in the out-of-sight-out-of-mind camp, and had cogent, unflinchingly honest declarations I frequently made about losing a shared context, and sentimentalism, and the general faint hearted ness of most people-but I knew there were people in the world who remained friends, for life, with bunk mates from sleepaway camp, and this was that group of people.
Arshdeep Singh Samrala|If you block the person on whatsapp, facebook.who Caring you a lot and do -did -done everythink for you.Please suicide..........Its better option for you. you never know what you done.
Arshdeep Singh Samrala|Individually, we are one drop.Together, we are an Ocean.
Tahereh Mafi|So,' he says. 'When's the big day? Have you set a date yet?''What?' I startle. 'For what?''For the day you're going to stop being such a dumbass,' he says shooting me a sharp look.'Oh.' I cringe. Kick at the air. 'Yeah, that'll probably never happen.''Yeah, you're probably right.''Shut up.
John Wooden, Wooden on Leadership: How to Create a Winning Organizaion|Good values are like a magnet, they attract good people.
Holly Smale, Picture Perfect|Love puts itself first, and makes its own plans. It maps you out instead. Maybe that's what makes it perfect
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|As my intimacy with his family grew, I became part of the world which he sought to escape; I became one of the bonds which held him.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|Rex, in his early forties, had grown heavy and ruddy; he had lost his Canadian accent and acquired instead the hoarse, loud tone that was common to all his friends, as though their voices were perpetually strained to make themselves heard above a crowd, as though, with youth forsaking them, there was no time to wait the opportunity to speak, no time to listen, no time to reply; time for a laugh — a throaty mirthless laugh, the base currency of goodwill.
Holly Smale, Picture Perfect|They say that life is just a blank chain, and precious moments are the beads we hang off it to make it beautiful.
James E. Brown Jr.|Without encouragement, what is the value of any meaningful relationship
Alice Oseman, Radio Silence|I couldn’t quite believe how much I seriously loved Aled Last, even if it wasn’t in the ideal way that would make it socially acceptable for us to live together until we die.
Wendy Mills, All We Have Left|Friends are sometimes the only thing that keep us from plunging into the abyss. But you have to reach for them, and they have to be there on the other side of the cliff reaching out to you too.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|How shallow is the stage on which this vast drama of human hates and joys and friendships is played! Whence do men draw this passion for eternity, flung by chance as they are upon a scarcely cooled bed of lava, threatened by the beginning by the deserts that are to be, under the constant menace of the snows? Their civilizations are but fragile gildings: a volcano can blot them out, a new sea, a sand-storm.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The stupid are always in a tendency to create enemies; on the other hand the clever are always in a tendency to create friendships! Make friends with anything or anybody possible, in short, be clever!
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|On our own, we’d look totally normal. Together, we’re something else. Together, we’re special.
Lionel Suggs|She is her own definition of beauty. She is pure. She is majestic; mystical even. Her smile is always rejuvenating. Her presence is always illuminating. She is magic in thought, and magic in sight. She takes away your free will, and forces you smile. She takes away your fatigue, and only gives you strength. She always rouses my soul and makes me stretch for more. I lose no words for her. I lose no heartbeats for her. I love her. I adore her. And I won’t dance around her – I’ll embrace her. You are a magnificent friend, and the long awaited dream come true.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|We don’t smile, but we something. We something. It hurts, the way a deep connection to someone who isn’t yours sometimes does.
Nikki Rowe|There's something about you, Your eyes speak a story in a language only known to my soul. The kind of communication we as humans dream about, the one that reaches into the core of who you are and loves you for it. It doesn't appear often or by accident & when it happens you just know " There's something about you ".
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Friendship! That bond shared, not with the one you see every day but with the one that has got your back any day.Well, that seems so hard to find these days.So just be the best friend to yourself until you have found a best friend like yourself.
Austin Phelps, The Still Hour or Communion With God|The consciousness of Divine friendship in devotion, so far from being impaired, is deepened by holy veneration. The purest and most lasting human friendships are permeated with an element of reverence; much more this friendship of a man with God.
William Makepeace Thackery|Though my hair has grown grey now, and my sight dim, and my heart cold with years, and ennui, and disappointment, and treachery of friends, and yet I have but to lean back in my arm-chair and think, and those sweet figures comes rising up before me out of the past, with their smiles, and their kindnesses, and their bright tender eyes!
Ben Dolnick, At the Bottom of Everything|I had a slight feeling of babysitting as we walked soberly along together using all our old phrases, making all our old jokes, not quite feeling all our old fondness.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|For there is no such thing: Right person at the right time! Instead with the right team, Embrace Time that simply flies.Never when meeting old friends Does time really pass by?In trust and truth they make amends So Time they can really defy. Hence, no one denies then: In all it revitalizes. Principled friendship never dies!
Miklós Nyiszli, Auschwitz: A Doctor's Eyewitness Account|Poor friend and learned physician, my sensitive and gentle companion, instead of treating and curing the sick you yourself have fallen beneath the yoke of death, and now belong to death's kingdom. For many months you have witnessed such suffering and horror as the human mind can scarcely conceive, as he who sees cannot believe. Perhaps it is for the best that your nerves have betrayed you, that a benevolent veil of forgetfulness has fallen upon your mind. Now, at least, you need not fret or worry about what the future may hold in store for you.
Kia Amazona, The Way It Was Before|Every place where we were together was a symbol of our youth and our blissful ignorance of the world. It was our tiny bubble of happiness. And as I looked carefully at them, memorizing their faces and everything I was able to see about them, I mentally made a toast. Here's to all the sleepless nights and to our existence.
Holly Smale, Picture Perfect|My Best Friend and I have spent plenty of time together, despite me being in my First Ever Relationship. This is because friends should always come first.
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|One very gratifying compliment I sometimes hear is that women want to be my best friend. This endlessly amuses my actual best friend, Jocelyn, because in her estimation I’m 'a good friend, but not that great.
Kelly Moran, Counterbalance|You knew me before I made my millions, and you were nice to me when you didn’t have to be. That’s the kind of person I want in my corner.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|We are LornaCruzCharlotteDelilahIsla and we aren’t afraid of love, even if we’re supposed to be.
Alessandra Torre, Love in Lingerie|Incredible how quickly a world can change. How my entire person, our friendship, can be reduced to nothing, with just one confession.
Cory Ann Haydu|I didn’t know that when your best friend falls in love, you do a little bit, too.
Laure Eve, The Graces|I fell over twice. It was loud. The garden was black outside our circle of light. The endless night stretched all around us, so we told each other that we had to be close together, together in the dark.
Maud Hart Lovelace|After all, you couldn't go through life rolling your friendships into one gigantic snowball. You wanted different kinds of friendships, with different kinds of people.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Beyond certain age, friends do not come to your life with a design, but they essentially go out of you life for economic reasons. Friends you are left with are your ‘true friends’!
Henry James, The Awkward Age|I never really have believed in the existence of friendship in big societies - in great towns and great crowds. It's a plant that takes time and space and air; and London society is a huge "squash", as we elegantly call it - an elbowing, pushing, perspiring, chattering mob.
Ethan Hawke, Rules for a Knight|Remember, a friend does not need you to impress him. A friend loves you because you are true to yourself, not because you agree with him. Beware of grand gestures; the real mettle of friendship is forged in life's daily workings.
Megan Shepherd, The Secret Horses of Briar Hill|You and me, we look out for each other. But I will take care of you a little extra, because I am your person, and you will always be my special horse.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|I did have a friend,' I said.'And your friend trespassed upon you,' the Wally replied.
Jarrid Wilson, Jesus Swagger: Break Free from Poser Christianity|At one point in time, every friend was a stranger. Love changed that.
Oddný Eir, Land of Love and Ruins|I wanted to tell it like it is, that they were right: it's nerve-wracking being a teenager. But instead, I explained to them the importance of being a trusted friend, and that friendship made the teenage years fun, when true camaraderie grew and developed.
Tana French, The Likeness|It always took my breath away,’ he said, ‘that the five of us could have found one another–against such odds, through all the layers of armored fortifications each of us had set up… Do you see now why I believe in miracles? I used to imagine time folding over, the shades of our future selves slipping back to the crucial moments to tap each of us on the shoulder and whisper: Look, there, look! That man, that woman: they’re for you; that’s your life, your future, fidgeting in that line, dripping on the carpet, shuffling in that doorway. Don’t miss it.
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|Of course there was no way my mind could have comprehended all that this friendship would become. There are probably only a handful of times in our lives when someone who will change us forever walks in-- when we find someone we can love with our whole hearts, who will challenge us and shape us and make us feel like the world is safer and brighter just because they are in it. A person who loves us for exactly who we are, yet teaches us to be better because of who they are and how they live their life.
Krystal Sutherland, Our Chemical Hearts|Lola and I both highly believed in the value of metaphorical gifts, so while everyone else saw a demonic-looking cat skeleton dripping wax on the packaging, Lola saw the message: Our friendship is like this feline shaped candle - burn away all the shit, and you and me are still solid underneath. Always.
Jeff Zentner, The Serpent King|She got up , walked around the table, and gave him a lingering hug, running her fingers through the back of his hair. She'd been finding more excuses to hug him lately."What was that for?" Dill asked."Because you looked like your heart stepped on a Lego.
Carrie Fisher, The Princess Diarist|I'm sorry it's not Mark - it could've been. It should've been. It might've meant something. Maybe not much, but certainly more.
Alison Croggon, The Bone Queen|I'd rather you wanted to make love,' said Dernhil, smiling crookedly. 'That was my first thought, when you barged in here. I could easily refuse that.''It's a much lesser question,' said Cadvan gravely. Then he gave Dernhil a sharp look. 'Would you really refuse me?''Probably.' Dernhil's eyes brimmed with sudden laughter. 'Honestly, Cadvan, have you no grace? What a thing to ask!'Cadvan's rare smile smile leapt in his face. 'It occurs to me that I might love you well enough.'Dernhil looked briefly astonished. 'And to think that all these years I thought you hated me!' he said lightly. 'You know I don't hate you,' said Cadvan. 'I think you know I never did. Nor you me. And you, maybe more than anyone else I know, understands that there are many kinds of love.' He gestured impatiently. 'That's not what I'm asking, anyway.''I know.' Dernhil met his gaze darkly. 'Only you would demand such a thing, in the middle of the night, from me, of all people!''Yes,' said Cadvan, a soft mockery in his voice. 'From you, of all people!'Dernhil looked down at his hands and was silent for a time, thinking. Cadvan waited patiently, watching him. When Dernhil looked up, his face was open, and a smile lurked in the back of his eyes. 'Perhaps I love you enough to scary you, Cadvan,' he said. 'And that is a great deal more than you deserve.' p.146
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wind in the Door|Who makes you least confused?""Calvin" There was no hesitation here. "When I'm with Calvin, I don't mind being me""You mean he makes you more you, don't you?""I guess you could put it that way.
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|Keeping score, in friendships, is a losing game.
Alison Croggon, The Bone Queen|I'd rather you wanted to make love,' said Dernhil, smiling crookedly. 'That was my first thought, when you barged in here. I could easily refuse that.''It's a much lesser question,' said Cadvan gravely. Then he gave Dernhil a sharp look. 'Would you really refuse me?''Probably.' Dernhil's eyes brimmed with sudden laughter. 'Honestly, Cadvan, have you no grace? What a thing to ask!'Cadvan's rare smile leapt in his face. 'It occurs to me that I might love you well enough.'Dernhil looked briefly astonished. 'And to think that all these years I thought you hated me!' he said lightly. 'You know I don't hate you,' said Cadvan. 'I think you know I never did. Nor you me. And you, maybe more than anyone else I know, understands that there are many kinds of love.' He gestured impatiently. 'That's not what I'm asking, anyway.''I know.' Dernhil met his gaze darkly. 'Only you would demand such a thing, in the middle of the night, from me, of all people!''Yes,' said Cadvan, a soft mockery in his voice. 'From you, of all people!'Dernhil looked down at his hands and was silent for a time, thinking. Cadvan waited patiently, watching him. When Dernhil looked up, his face was open, and a smile lurked in the back of his eyes. 'Perhaps I love you enough to scry you, Cadvan,' he said. 'And that is a great deal more than you deserve.' p.146
Margaux Bergen, Navigating Life: Things I Wish My Mother Had Told Me|What keeps [friends] together? Common history, some shared conquests, a delight in ideas and people and living. But they will also be distinguished by their ability to listen to you. They will not be uncritical, but they will understand and accept you. You will be interested in each other's happiness and well-being.
Margaux Bergen, Navigating Life: Things I Wish My Mother Had Told Me|Friends with whom you seriously fall out are death. Sometimes it will be completely your fault that this happens, and the shame and sadness of the parting will stay close for a long time.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|The eyes of his friend were moist and dark, and in them he saw the little rectangled pictures of himself that he had watched a thousand times.
Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones|My father and he had cemented (the verb is excessive) one of those English friendships which begin by avoiding intimacies and eventually eliminate speech altogether. They used to exchange books and periodicals; they would beat one another at chess, without saying a word.
Auliq-Ice|Friendship provides the ideas, tools, comfort, and motivation that nothing else can give or offer.
Swati Tyagi|All the luxuries you name I have, still the peace I do not get.One day, my friend called me off, and I get the world to which I belong.
Auliq-Ice|Where there is love, there are plenty of things that rhyme.
Michael  Rogers, Healing Monarchs|When you're alone, you harbour one hundred percent of all the good things. But this also means that you harbour all the bad things. I learnt my own goals slowed down when I was with others, but having shared the good things, sharing the pain, having that friendship excelled what I alone couldn't do. It doesn't need to be logical, friendships are a part of life, and when is that logical? Life doesn't make sense, but you don't have to live it alone.
Michael  Rogers, Healing Monarchs|When you're alone, you harbour one hundred percent all of the good things. But this also means that you harbour all the bad things. I learnt my own goals slowed down when I was with others, but having shared the good things, sharing the pain, having that friendship excelled what I alone couldn't do. It doesn't need to be logical, friendships are a part of life, and when is that logical? Life doesn't make sense, but you don't have to live it alone.
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|You hear so many people talk about finding their soul mates only in relation to who they marry, but I think that, as women, our real soul mates are often found when we recognize some version of ourselves in someone else.
B.L. Brunnemer, Trying To Live With The Dead|Pull something out and show me.” I said thoughtlessly. Isaac started snickering, Ethan joined in. Asher was holding back a laugh, his cheeks turning pink. I thought about what I said and started laughing. There are just some things you can’t say in a room full of guys.
Mara Wilson, Where Am I Now?|As an adult, most of my friends are women . . . they, too, had that moment when they realized they were all the “other girls,” and that every girl in the world is, too.
Rosamund Hodge, Crimson Bound|Rachelle choked on a laugh. “You were always stronger.”“You,” said Amélie, “were always foolish enough to think that mattered.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Eyes speak louder than words; life is precious; hate is poison; God is the best of all possible friends; silence and time are valuable treasures; happiness can be just as powerful in pretend; and soft licorice is a temptation in any color, especially exotic black.
Yoshida Kenkō, Essays in Idleness - The Tsurezuregusa of Kenko|Looking back on months and years of intimacy, to feel that your friend, while you still remember the moving words you exchanged, is yet growing distant and living in a world apart—all this is sadder far than partings brought by death.
Toni Sorenson|Friends hurt friends. They don’t mean to, but it happens. So friendship is made of forgiveness as much as it is love.
Tandec2016|We're here to work, not to make friends,
Toni Sorenson|Why have you been my friend when I didn’t deserve friendship?” “Because friendship isn’t something anyone deserves…it’s just one of those blessings of life, you can’t earn…love has no price tag.
Debbie  Johnson, Christmas at the Comfort Food Cafe|One of the few advantages of reaching my age is that I've seen it all. Learned not to judge anyone until I've walked in their shoes. That's why we all need friends, isn't it, to help us out with the weak spots? And sometimes the weak spots nobody can see are the ones that hurt the most.
Toni Sorenson|The Bible says that to have a friend we must show ourselves friendly. To that, I say, “Amen.
Toni Sorenson|Want to be a good friend? Here’s what a friend does well: they listen, they stand by you, they tell you the brutal truth, they cause your tears from time to time, but then help you wipe them dry, they laugh with you…a lot, they don’t bring up your bad memories, they try to love the people you love, they go places with you at the most inconvenient times, they laugh some more, they create experiences and a string of memories held together by love, mostly that’s what they do…they love you even when you don’t love you.
Toni Sorenson|Friendship, neglected, is like a flower deprived of water and sunlight.
Toni Sorenson|You cannot be a friend to someone else, if you do not have a friendship with yourself.
Toni Sorenson|Friendship develops over tears, times, laughs and lunch.
Toni Sorenson|A true friend will never stand in your allotted beam of light. They will get out of the way so you can grow, but they’ll stay nearby in case you need what they can offer.
Toni Sorenson|Friends might share clothes and chocolate, but they must share books. Just like you share the same stars, share the same books and you'll never be apart.
Toni Sorenson|If you’re truly friends, then you don’t just offer a little whisp of your love. You unzip your chest, reach in and pull your heart out and says, “It’s all yours—please keep it beating.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|Dear Ellis, I have something really fucking angelic to tell you.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|Evan always used to day that it wasn't that you couldn't see that you should be afraid of, but what was right in front of you, in plain sight.
Taylor Rhodes, calloused: a field journal|reining yourself in because why ruin a good thing? why make it weird? and then you say goodbye, with a hug, with a snarky remark, and head home. you climb into bed and imagine them with you. you think about how their hair falls in their face, about how they breathe when they sleep. you think about them waking up and nudging you into consciousness with soft kisses down your torso. you sit in bed and think of all the ways you could make their soul dance. how you know their quirks and it all feels so right, but why? why is this happening? why can’t you just be content with what you have now? except even now you have to control the urge to kiss them, even though it is in your nature, even just on the cheek, because what if it breaks the relationship apart at the seams? you may not even mean it sexually or romantically, but what if? and there’s always the chance they have felt this way too. but it’s only a chance. and why risk it? so you lay there in bed and twist the sheets around your legs and text them back about another person they have feelings toward and coax them into something healthy. you put their happiness before your own. you watch as they stumble and help them rise mightily. you gush over them and try to snuff out the selfishness that builds whenever you see them with someone else. it wouldn’t be fair to them to impose your own wants on them and take away a good friendship. it isn’t always about you. and yet here you are, writing this. writing this and thinking of someone specific the entire time.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|...I'm in a little bubble of warmth, just like I had with Ellis, a place I never thought I'd be again.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|For twenty-seven years I was told and believed it to be true, that if you really liked someone, you'd wish her/him to 'stay the way s/he is'.Today I know that I was not wrong, but my view was limited. If I really like someone today, I don't want them to merely stay that way, I want them to grow, to discover their potential, and am excited to see who they choose to become.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, The Fortunes of Perkin Warbeck|I must love and be loved. I must feel that my dear and chosen friends are happier through me. When I have wandered out of myself in my endeavour to shed pleasure around, I must again return laden with the gathered sweets on which I feed and live. Permit this to be, unblamed—permit a heart whose sufferings have been, and are, so many and so bitter, to reap what joy it can from the necessity it feels to be sympathized with—to love.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 4th Movement|In any case the friendships of later life, in contrast wih those negotiated before thirty, are apt to be burdened with reservations, constraints, inhibitions.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|The next day he passed Alai in the corridor, and they greeted each other, touched hands, talked, but they both knew that there was a wall there now.It might be breached, that wall, sometime in the future, but for now the only real conversation between them was the roots that had already grown low and deep, under the wall, where they could not be broken.
Stephen King, The Shining|Of course we're friends ... we are both civilized men, aren't we? We've shared bed and board and bottle. We'll always be friends, and the dog collar I have on you will always be ignored by mutual consent, and I'll take good and benevolent care of you. All I ask in return is your soul. Small item. We can even ignore the fact that you've handed it over, the way we ignore the dog collar.
Maggie Stiefvater, Ballad: A Gathering of Faerie|I pressed my hand against her hair, holding her to me, filled with the certainty that she was going to hurt me again and that I didn't have the strength to push her away before she did.
Antwine Huffman|a good friendship is beneficial to both, a bought friend is a free enemy that no one can afford.
Jodi Ellen Malpas, Promised|See, that’s what I want more of. A little spunk!""Fuck off!" I yell, shocking myself with my vulgar language."Ooh, yes, carry on, you filthy-mouthed bitch!"I gasp and swing around, finding him grinning from ear to ear. "Wanker.""Cow.""Tosser."He grins some more. "Dog.""Shirt-lifter," I retort."Tart."I recoil, horrified. "I am not a tart!
Jodi Ellen Malpas, Promised|See, that’s what I want more of. A little spunk!’‘Fuck off!’ I yell, shocking myself with my vulgar language.‘Ooh, yes, carry on, you filthy-mouthed bitch!’I gasp and swing around, finding him grinning from ear to ear. ‘Wanker.’‘Cow.’‘Tosser.’He grins some more. ‘Dog.’‘Shirt-lifter,’ I retort.‘Tart.’I recoil, horrified. ‘I am not a tart!
Didier Anzieu, Le Corps De L'oeuvre|Reading is, with friendship, one of the surest contributions to the work of grieving. It helps us, more generally, to grieve for the limitations of our life, the limitations of the human condition.
Toni Sorenson|Just because our friendship has changed and now we grow in different directions, does not mean that we have to grow apart.
Erik Pevernagie|Silence can be breathing space and spawn release and wellness in a time of appalling inflation of words. But silence may be intolerably screaming, if it means absence of communication, deficiency in friendship and emotional deficit. (« A gap of silence”)
Jonathan Stroud, The Creeping Shadow|Ah, two firm friends, reunited at last! There should be sweet violin music playing for us, but I'll settle for the screams of the dying.
Grady Hendrix, My Best Friend's Exorcism|I love you, Gretchen Lang. You are my reflection and my shadow and I will not let you go. We are bound together forever and ever! Until Halley’s Comet comes around again. I love you dearly and I love you queerly and no demon is bigger than this!
J.B. Hartnett, The Morbid and Sultry Tales of Genevieve Clare|How're you holding up?" He slid down the wall next to me and handed me a beer."I've had better days." I took a long, satisfying drink and stared at the wall in front of me."Yeah," was his simple reply. "My dad is downstairs. He said this wake sucks." I could hear that he was smiling.I took another swig. "Well, I didn't plan this shindig, but the next funeral I host, I'll make sure it's a rager.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|What I'm saying... I hate it when people let me down, when things are temporary.
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|…I love you,” he said to her, although at that point he was certain she could no longer comprehend the words. “I’d trade places with you in an instant, Mandy Valems… you never deserved this… why would anyone do something so terrible!?” A cold chill froze his heart when he saw her empty eyes again.The fluorescent lights in the dim room sparked to life all of a sudden, brightness so sharp that it startled him. In a flash, sharp and sudden, quicker than a lightning strike, the bulbs flickered and exploded with a few jingling pops.
Donna Lynn Hope|I'd rather be befriended as an aimless lost soul than be befriended for adornment, gain or goal.
Saaif Alam|A person who posses a cunning attitude are not always academically intelligent, but they are considered clever because they can manipulate and cause harm towards others in order to gain something out of them for their own benefit. They can be defeated if people stand up towards them and point out their actual inappropriate behavioral activities with logical reasoning.
D.J. MacHale, The Light|I'm not sure why that story came back to me while I sat huddled in Sydney's car on the way to the lake. It happened so long ago. I guess maybe it was because it gave me the assurance that when things got bad, there were certain people you could always count on.
H.F. Peters, My Sister, My Spouse: A Biography of Lou Andreas-Salomé|If two people are so unalike, as you and I, they are pleased when they discover points of agreement. But if they are as alike as Nietzsche and I, they suffer from their differences.
Louise Bagshawe|Just remember, honey, you only have one heart.
A.L. Davroe, Nexis|I want him to be with me because he likes being with me, not because he's forced to be with me or because he wants something from me. That's not how friendship should be." [Ellani]
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|Let us learn how to show our friendship for a man when he is alive and not after he is dead' he suggested, 'After that my own rule is to let everything alone'.
Lionel Suggs|She is her own definition of beauty. She is pure. She is majestic; mystical even. Her smile is always rejuvenating. Her presence is always illuminating. She is magic in thought, and magic in sight. She takes away your free will, and forces you smile. She takes away your fatigue, and only gives you strength. She always rouses my soul and makes me stretch for more. I lose no words for her. I lose no heartbeats for her. I love her. I adore her. And I won’t dance around her – I’ll embrace her. Aceria, you are a magnificent friend, and the long awaited dream come true.
Abhijit Naskar|Don't judge people by their profession, otherwise you'll end up with more enemies than friends.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Friendship warrants giving up the ego, submitting you to the other person, and remaining non-judgemental in the whole process.
Beem Weeks|Some people, though related by blood, are as sworn enemies. Others, bound only by friendship, would die for one another.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|Jesper: “If Pekka Rollins kills us all, I’m going to get Wylan’s ghost to teach my ghost how to play the flute just so that I can annoy the hell out of your ghost.”Kaz: “I’ll just hire Matthias’ ghost to kick your ghost’s ass.”Matthias: “My ghost won’t associate with your ghost.
Phil Knight, Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of NIKE|He was easy to talk to, and easy not to talk to-equally important qualities in a friend. Essential in a travel companion.
Jay Woodman|If people don't appreciate your REAL self it's hard to be with them, but you only find TRUE friends by SHOWING that self & TRUSTING.
Anna Taylor|It is often while travelling through the dark that you find the ones who shine brightest in your life. For they are the ones who remind you of your own beautiful light and show up, without a second thought, in your pain, as well as your glory.
Wataru Watari, やはり俺の青春ラブコメはまちがっている 1|A friendship where you're always trying to be considerate of the other person, always worrying about what they think, always responding to every single text, always seeking their approval and then finally connecting with them, isn't friendship at all.
Trix Wilkins, The Courtship of Jo March: a variation of Louisa May Alcott's Little Women|For that is what you are, that is who you are – you are an author. You cannot cease to write any more than you can cease to breathe...This difficult season will pass – your eyes and mind will inevitably be opened once more to the wealth of ideas all around you...And even if the ideas around you fall short of what you seek – even if, as you say, you have not the heart to write… perhaps it is your heart you ought to write of. - Laurie to Jo, on writing
Rebecca McNutt, Three Little Ghostly Operatives|Um, thanks,” Jackson told her. “And your name is…?”“I’m Margaret, Margaret Van Der Graaf,” she answered with another eerie smile. Her teeth were so white that they looked bleached.“Van Der Graaf?” Jackson repeated, trying to stifle his laughter. He didn’t want to be rude to the only person in sight, to this kind-hearted stranger who was offering to help him, but… Van Der Graaf?“What are you laughing at?” Margaret asked with curiosity, flashing him a calculating gaze. “I like my name. If you’re going to be a jerk, then I won’t help you. You can stay out here on the street through the night for all I care.”“…Harsh,” said Jackson, giving her a quizzical glance back. There was something ‘off’ about her, something that Jackson couldn’t quite place, something that bordered on horrible loneliness and longing. “Who else lives here, Margaret Van Der Graaf?” He couldn’t resist saying her name aloud. Despite its hilarity, it had a nice ring to it. “Who else lives here?” he urged.“Me, myself and I,” said Margaret simply, snickering when she saw his horrified and annoyed expression
Simone Weil, Gravity and Grace|Friendship is not to be sought, not to be dreamed, not to be desired; it is to be exercised (it is a virtue).
Morgan Rhodes, Frozen Tides|If every mortal looks at others as their friends, not as their enemies, the world would be a much better place, wouldn't it?
Juliet Marillier, Wolfskin|The error was not yours, Somerled," Eyvind said quietly, moving to the doorway. "It was mine. I failed to teach you the one lesson you could not do without: how to be a man.
Sarah Weeks, Pie|As a rule, she didn’t like boys very much, but she had to admit, Charlie was actually pretty nice.
Jagdish Joghee, The Colour of Love: Trumpets and bugles, there was music all over...|Love is a feeling that must be felt from the heart and seen through inner beauty. Only if this was known to the youth, many a marriages would have blossomed with age and cherished through decades. Just like a plant that needs the sun, water and more time to grow into a beautiful tree with lovely leaves and flowers, love needs time to be nurtured over time, built on a strong foundation of friendship, trust and honesty. When this foundation is built and combined with the feeling that tickles you from within, that is when love actually happens, the rest is all infatuation, attraction or even lust.
Louise Bagshawe, Glamour|This isn't goodbye. It's "see you later".
Bradley B. Dalina|Building a trust to a friend or to anyone else is like sewing an elegant gown, once betrayed the string or needle breaks and you gonna need to replace them.The relationship will go on but it will never have the same treatment.
David Levithan, Are We There Yet?|Do you wonder why we wander?” Cal had asked.It was the night of the first snow; you could hear the branches bending and the iciclesfalling outside the window, beyond the wall.They were warmth together. They were hot breath and blankets and wrapping themselves
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|They spoke of small things at first, since it was best, when reattaching threads, to begin with the easiest knots.
Miles Franklin, My Brilliant Career|I had been poor myself, and knew what awaited him in the world. He would find that they who fawned on him most would be first to turn their backs on him now. He would be rudely disillusioned regarding the fables of love and friendship, and would become cynical, bitter, and sceptical of there being any disinterested good in human nature.
Bradley B. Dalina|Building a trust to a friend or to anyone else is like sewing a an elegant gown, once betrayed the string or needle breaks and gonna need to replace them.The relationship will go on but it will never have the same treatment.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|On the contrary, having the amiable vanity which knits us to those who are fond of us, and disinclines us to those who are indifferent, and also a good grateful nature, the mere idea that a woman had a kindness towards him spun little threads of tenderness from out his heart towards hers.
John Swinton, Becoming Friends of Time: Disability, Timefullness, and Gentle Discipleship|God's time is slow, patient, and kind and welcomes friendship; it is a way of being in the fullness of time that is not determined by productivity, success, or linear movements toward personal goals. It is a way of love, a way of the heart.
C.D. Bell, Weregirl|The familiar (if loud) churn of the engine made it hard to talk, especially with the windows open (the air-conditioning didn’t work), but the day was warm and they blasted the music and sang along. Nessa loved singing at full volume. She couldn’t carry a tune, but with Bree it didn’t matter.
