Sandra Steffen, Come Summer|I read once that sorrow looks back, worry looks around, and faith looks ahead.
Carl Henegan|Adversity is a mirage. People, situations, and relationships sometimes change for the worst but inevitably clear a path for far better replacements. The continued journey will always find bliss.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|In a culture of diversity, one group is likely not "just like everyone else." To deny that we have different needs, concerns, thought processes, worldview, is to refuse to look at the reason we are supposedly an identifiable community.
B.M. Bower, The Range Dwellers|When you think of it, people may rub elbows and still have an ocean or two between them.
Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships|Whether our caretaker was our mom, dad, uncle, aunt, grandparent, foster parent, or sibling, our blueprint of what a relationship is supposed to look like is drafted by what we observed from our caretaker’s relationship. If our caretaker took their significant other back multiple times, made excuses for their actions, helped them battle demons, turned a blind eye to their infidelity, or moved from one relationship to the next, that is what we know. Their behavior becomes our very own model of what a relationship is supposed to look like and determines what we will expect from our own partners.﻿
Barbara Dafoe Whitehead, Why There Are No Good Men Left: The Romantic Plight of the New Single Woman|We've come a long way from the time when the crowning achievement in a woman's life was her youthful marriage. And many would agree that this represents progress for women. But when did the search for someone to marry become self-absorbed and pathetic? This absence of social sympathy for women's ambitions to marry is all the more striking because the social world has cared so deeply about virtually every other aspect of these privileged young women's inner and outer lives. (...) The achievement of a good marriage is the one area of life where the most privileged, accomplished, and high achieving young women in society face a loss of support and sympathy for their ambitions and where the social expectations are for disappointment and failure, not success.
Stephen King|I know how bad you boys feel, but the sun will still come up tomorrow. And when it does, you 'll feel better. When the sun comes up the day after tomorrow, a little better still. This is just a part of your life, and it's over. It would have been better to win, but either way, it's over. Life will go on.
Josh Stern|When it comes to relationships, I find it best to have two feet out the door
Criss Jami, Killosophy|We men are fascinated by the things we don't really understand. It gives us something to think and talk about: like females, they drive us nuts.
Ian Fleming, For Your Eyes Only|I think it's the same with all the relationships between a man and a woman. They can survive anything so long as some kind of basic humanity exists between the two people. When all kindness has gone, when one person obviously and sincerely doesn't care if the other is alive or dead, then it's just no good.-- from Quantum of Solace
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|LADY BRACKNELLTo speak frankly, I am not in favour of long engagements. They give people the opportunity of finding out each other's character before marriage, which I think is never advisable.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|schools for love do not exist. everyone assumes that we will know how to love instinctively.despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, we still accept that the family is the primary school for love.those of us who do not learn how to love among family are expected to experience love in romantic relationships. however this love often eludes us.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Because of that she had never had enough energy to be herself, a person who, like everyone else in the world, needed other people in order to be happy. But other people were so difficult. They reacted in unpredictable ways, they surrounded themselves with defensive walls, they behaved just as she did, pretending they didn't care about anything. When someone more open to life appeared, they either rejected them outright or made them suffer, consigning them to being inferior, ingenuous.
Harriet B. Braiker, Who's Pulling Your Strings? How to Break the Cycle of Manipulation and Regain Control of Your Life|Conflict can and should be handled constructively; when it is, relationships benefit. Conflict avoidance is *not* the hallmark of a good relationship. On the contrary, it is a symptom of serious problems and of poor communication.
Rollo May|Tenderness emerges from the fact that the two persons, longing, as all individuals do, to overcome the separateness and isolation to which we are all heir because we are individuals, can participate in a relationship that, for the moment, is not of two isolated selves but a union
Jeanette Winterson, Gut Symmetries|And you? Now that I have discovered you? Beautiful, dangerous, unleashed. Still I try to hold you, knowing that your body is faced with knives.
Yehuda Berg, The Kabbalah Book of Sex: And Other Mysteries of the Universe|A rewarding relationship occurs when there is a common spiritual goal, shared spiritual values and a mutual desire to build a relationship upon a spiritual foundation and for the purpose of connecting to the light of the creator.
Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other|Definition of a relationship - an enduring, mutually-agreed upon connection or union, which fulfills certain needs of the individuals involved and the society in which they live.
Valerie Tripp|If I loved someone, I could never let him go away from me. I would be too miserable and lonely.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|Why are poets so apt to choose their mates, not for any similarity of poetic endowment, but for qualities which might make the happiness of the rudest handicraftsman as well as that of the ideal craftsman of the spirit? Because, probably, at his highest elevation, the poet needs no human intercourse; but he finds it dreary to descend, and be a stranger.
Ariel Meadow Stallings, Offbeat Bride: Taffeta-Free Alternatives for Independent Brides|Life, weddings, relationships, road trips, gardening, making out, haircuts: few of the fun things in life always go as expected.
Madeleine George, The Difference Between You and Me|Once," Fran says, settling against the worktable, folding her arms, "I knew this kid who very bravely and bossily came out of the closet when she was only fourteen years old. She told me then that we can't choose who we love. We just love the people we love, no mattter what anyone else might want for us. Wasn't that you?
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|Polyamorous people are wary of having others' values inflicted upon themselves, and so tend to stay very far away from making such pronouncements, to the point that they will actively ignore predatory behavior that is affecting their own "community.
Sara Zarr, Sweethearts|Okay, then, what was he like? Just give me something to go on so that I have a shot at him!''A shot at him? Are you on an elk hunt?
Ariel Meadow Stallings, Offbeat Bride: Taffeta-Free Alternatives for Independent Brides|In our relationship, we have very well-defined roles: I am the Vice President of Logistics; he's the CEO of Emotional Support.
Joe McNally, The Moment It Clicks: Photography Secrets from One of the World's Top Shooters|I slid down in the seat and began to weep. I wept for her, for me, but mostly because the siren call of my first big story with a yellow border around it was more powerful than the call of fatherhood.
Riley Shane, Blood Rose|Cáel sighed. “Look, right now? Either you want Rose, or you don’t. If you do—and, quite frankly, it’s obvious to me that you do—then give the woman a break and give yourself some credit for not being a whack job. Women are strange creatures, Gray, and she isn’t a mind reader. Who the hell knows what kind of conclusions she’s drawn over your behavior? Shit or get off the pot.” your advice on love? ‘Shit or get off the pot’?
Deborah L. McCarragher, Mission Possible Spiritual Covering|Hope is putting Faith "on the line" and expecting results!(from Mission Possible - Spiritual Covering)
Andrew Sean Greer|When I meet a woman whose energy falters at the first barrier,she seems to fade beside my mother.
Brian Francis, Natural Order|They're horrible little creatures. All snot and smelly feet and pestering questions.""Then why did you go into teaching?""It was either that or sit at home with Mother all day. I picked the lesser of two evils.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Our inventions are wont to be pretty toys, which distract our attention from serious things. They are but improved means to an unimproved end, an end which it was already but too easy to arrive at; as railroads lead to Boston or New York. We are in great haste to construct a magnetic telegraph from Maine to Texas; but Maine and Texas, it may be, have nothing important to communicate.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|They say you are not you except in terms of relation to other people. If there weren't any other people there wouldn't be any you because what you do, which is what you are, only has meaning in relation to other people.
Tom Stoppard, The Real Thing|The trouble is, I can't find a part of myself where you're not important. I write in order to be worth your while and to finance the way I want to live with you. Not the way you want to live. The way I want to live with you. Without you I wouldn't care. I'd eat tinned spaghetti and put on yesterday's clothes. But as it is I change my socks, and make money, and tart up Brodie's unspeakable drivel into speakable drivel so he can be an author too, like me.
Lynne Truss, Talk to the Hand: The Utter Bloody Rudeness of the World Today, or Six Good Reasons to Stay Home and Bolt the Door|Many aspects of our screen-bound lives are bad for our social skills simply because we get accustomed to controlling the information that comes in, managing our relationships electronically, deleting stuff that doesn't interest us. We edit the world; we select from menus; we pick and choose; our social 'group' focuses on us and disintegrates without us. This makes it rather confusing for us when we step outdoors and discover that other people's behaviour can't be deleted with a simple one-stroke command or dragged to the trash icon.
Charlaine Harris, Dead as a Doornail|In the world I lived in, the world of human people, there were ties and debts and consequences and good deeds. That was what bound people to society; maybe that was what constituted society. And I tried to live in my little niche in it the best way I could.
Mark Epstein, Open to Desire: Embracing a Lust for Life - Insights from Buddhism and Psychotherapy|While the primary function of formal Buddhist meditation is to create the possibility of the experience of "being," my work as a therapist has shown me that the demands of intimate life can be just as useful as meditation in moving people toward this capacity. Just as in formal meditation, intimate relationships teach us that the more we relate to each other as objects, the greater our disappointment. The trick, as in meditation, is to use this disappointment to change the way we relate.
Colleen McCullough, The Ladies of Missalonghi|Suddenly the thought that the end of her life was imminent shocked him; it was one thing to pity someone he didn't know, quite another to face the same dilemma with someone he knew intimately. That was the trouble with beds. They turned strangers into intimates more quickly than ten years of polite teas in parlours.
Jenny Trout, Ashes to Ashes|I am sorry the only outlet for her troubled mind was in clumsy foreplay with an inadequate partner."He threw the rest of her sandwich at the swinging door as she passed through it.
Josh Kilmer-Purcell, I Am Not Myself These Days|More than anything I wish he were here with me. "A relationship is an accumulation of shared history," he'd said to me once. And here I was making history without him. It's lonely. And I can't wait to go home. Parts of me are showing through my Aqua, and I'm having a hard time keeping them separate.
Judith Martin, Common Courtesy: In Which Miss Manners Solves the Problem That Baffled Mr. Jefferson|There was no singles problem until singles got so single-minded that they stopped wasting time with anyone ineligible. Before that, it was understood that one of society's main tasks was matchmaking. People with lifelong friendships and ties to local nonprofessional organizations did not have to fear that isolation would accompany retirement, old age, or losing a spouse. Overburdened householders could count on the assistance not only of their own extended families, but of the American tradition of neighborliness.
Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry|We have to live like people in a web of knives, we mustn't reach out our hands or we get them gashed.
Stewart O'Nan, Songs for the Missing|Maybe he was old-fashioned, but to him a couple meant a strong bond, with positive and negative charges constantly arcing between them.
Molly Ringle, Relatively Honest|I had an absurd desire to go down to her and make sure she was all right, and stay with her until dawn. I also had a fierce wish to bludgeon the two frat boys to death with a shovel.
Jenny Trout, Ashes to Ashes|Can I have a glass of water?" Her voice was hoarse, probably from screaming. She'd always sounded like that after they'd-He didn't just force the thought aside. He clubbed it unconscious, threw it into a crawl space and walled it up alive.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Naturally, I do blame Françoise. I blame her for having N in the first place. She was young, she was beautiful, she was married to a doctor, and she was intelligent. She could have abstained from producing her first son. It was wrong on a variety of levels.
Melissa Bank, The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing|Even now, he is every blue blazer getting into cab, every runner along the river,every motorcycle coming and going.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|I have produced no children of my own and my husband is dead," she replied, an acid tone in her voice. "Thus I am more to be pitied than revered. I am expected to give up the shop to my nephew, who will then be able to afford to bring a very good wife from Pakistan. In exchange, I will be given houseroom and no doubt, the honor of taking care of several small children of other family members."The Major was silent. He was at once appalled and also reluctant to hear any more. This was why people usually talked about the weather.
Marie Arana, Lima Nights|In the long history of male and female relations all the way back to the Garden, I can't think of one in which a woman's anger ever won over a man.
Mark R. Trost, Post Marked|I write with the entire alphabet, not just the popular letters.Readers don't want to lose themselves in the text. They want to find themselves in it.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Although I notice there is never a truly good time to have a nice long chat with one´s mother-in-law, unless you are having an extraordinary life and marriage and your mother-in-law is, say, Maureen Dowd, or Indira Gandhi. Someone of that ilk.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|All men are born firstly with the instinct to protect themselves. But few grow to really love themselves, and even fewer learn to love their neighbor as themselves.
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|I am not looking for a "perfect" man. Only one who matches me on an emotional, spiritual, sexual, and intellectual level.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|There are moments in relationship when you didn't speak, you didn't have to; but you talked a lot.
Rodney Barnes|My Miracle, living through a Traumatic brain Injury
Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|I had begun to feel that life was a repetition of the same thing; that there was nothing new either in me or in him; and that, on the contrary, we kept going back as it were on what was old.
Piper Payne, White Lies|It's the in-between, the sustenance, not just the gears and bolts that make a human. When you forget to find out how the person was built—the oil, chemistry, and the craft—you miss all the beauty.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|It's probably not easy for a woman to understand what it's like to be a man. Imagine you're starving, and someone puts a huge buffet in front of you. There's delicious, mouth-watering food all around you, and it's really really hard not to eat it all. That's what it's like to be a man around attractive women. The urge to want to hump everything that moves is part of a man's natural programming. It's a deep-seated hunger. To suppress that hunger takes civilization and a lot of willpower.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control|I took it for granted that there must be a few men left in the world who had that kind of strength. I assumed that those men would also be looking for women with principle. I did not want to be among the marked-down goods on the bargain table, cheap because they’d been pawed over. Crowds collect there. It is only the few who will pay full price. "You get what you pay for.
Melissa Bank, The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing|You will say good-bye for all the right reasons. You're tired of living in wait for his apocalypse. You have your own fight on your hands, and though it's no bigger or more noble than his, it will require all of your energy.It's you who has to hold on to earth. You have to tighten your grip -- which means letting go of him.
Colleen McCarty, Mounting the Whale|I'm tired of being inside my head. I want to live out here, with you.
Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest|It is harder, usually, to find a person who wants to walk the streets of me, to taste the teas of my country, to... immigrate, you could say.
Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest|... relationships required such vigilance, such attention. You had to hold them together by force of will, and other people took up so much space, demanded so much time. It was exhausting.
Cath Crowley, The Life and Times of Gracie Faltrain|I'm always looking for what will make me whole. What will make me happy? Somewhere along the way I started to think it wasn't Helen anymore. She hasn't changed. Her laugh is still the one I remember. Her finger is still the one I put the ring on all those years ago. I can't understand why I don't want to curve next to her, keep her back warm anymore. Surely you don't lose love like keys?
Donna Lynn Hope|People change us. It is a rare, if not an impossible occurrence, that we come out of relationships unscathed. In our dealings with people we take something with us and we leave something behind. Some people are haunted more than others, either by the sweet perfume of another or the stink of regret.
Charles Yu, Sorry Please Thank You: Stories|I hope you read this, whoever you are, and imagine that there is a hypothetical person out there who needs your love, has been waiting silently, patiently for it all his life, is flawed and downright ugly at times and yet would have just eaten up any tiny bit of affection you had been willing to give, had you ever stopped your own happy life to notice. And then imagine that this hypothetical person is real, because he probably is.... Wish I’d met you. Wish I wasn’t your hypothetical. But you’re reading this, which means a few minutes ago, I went into that bathroom and pulled the trigger. You probably heard it. Sorry. You’re welcome. Thank you. And please. Please, please, please, please, please, please, please.
Wilkie Collins, No Name|Men, being accustomed to act on reflection themselves, are a great deal too apt to believe that women act on reflection, too. Women do nothing of the sort. They act on impulse; and, in nine cases out of ten, they are heartily sorry for it afterward.
The Verve Pipe|For the life of me I cannot remember, what made us think that we were wise and we'd never compromise. For the life of me I cannot believe we'd ever die for these sins, we were merely freshmen.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|I knew her so well that I loved her, or maybe I loved her so well that I knew her. I didn't want to fight her anymore. I wanted to quit. I wanted to go home. So I blew up her planet.
Penelope Lively, Moon Tiger|I never told her the other story, in which she stars, in which she is always the heroine – a romanticized story full of cliché images in which I am telling her all the things there has not been enough time for, in which we are doing all the things there has not been time for…
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|They shared a laugh, and then the silence that so often intruded on their discussion asserted itself once again, a gap born of equal parts weariness, familiarity and--conversely--the many differences that fate had created between those who had once gone about lives that were but variations on a single melody.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. At first you were a mannequin, and I was a fashion designer. Then, inexplicably, we switched roles and I became the mannequin. But instead of putting clothes on me, you laughed at my nakedness, and you sold me to the owner of a sex shop.  
Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You were you, but you were many—a multitude of mannequins, each named Manny. And I was me, but I was Dark Jar Tin Zoo, and as such I made love to you—all of you. Then I woke up alone, naked, cuddling a mannequin I named after you who smells like you, because I spray it with the same fragrance you used to wear. Is that crazy? No, I didn’t think so either.  
Zu Vincent, The Lucky Place|I think this is why Ellis took so many moving pictures of us. Because he knew that people come in and out of your life, and a picture fixes them in the moment they reach out to you.
Donna Lynn Hope|There was once a spirited feral mustang broken in by her stern rider. It was a harmonious relationship for the most part but, like any relationship, she tested the boundaries he placed on her and threw him...Would the rider, having suffered his own wound, retaliate, discipline or forgive?
Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. We were in a canoe, and we were paddling across the desert. You said you were thirsty, and I pointed to the sand that surrounded us and said, “No, I will not urinate in your mouth.” At that point I woke up, because I realized I really had to pee—and get a drink of water. 
Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You had no skin or muscle on your face, and to try to conceal your bare skull you liberally applied lipstick and makeup. Your birthday was coming up, and I knew you were probably sensitive about parties that emphasize the aging process, so I decided to box up your gift in a coffin and wrap it with black wrapping paper. I got you the best gift ever too—a hooker, who happened to be dead, because that enabled me to procure a sizeable discount. 
C. JoyBell C.|You can have a pet zebra and put that zebra into a small cage every day and tell the zebra that you love it, but no matter how you and the zebra love each other, the fact remains, that the zebra should be let out of that cage and should belong to someone who can treat it better, the way it should be treated, someone who can make it happy.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|When jealousy rears up, it indicates that something inside of you is afraid. It's an alarm, nothing less and nothing more. Treat it as such.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|So, a little advice. Relax. You're not filling a job position. You're looking for a pleasant acquaintance.. who might become a good friend... who turns out to be attractive to your senses... and a rewarding lover... then a committed partner whose heart will not stray. If you don't see those signposts and in that order, then you're probably on the wrong road and getting more lost with every step.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|When you begin with the premise "I treat everyone equally," you have already blinkered yourself from seeing where you don't, or can't, or shouldn't. There is no way to treat two people equally, because they are each unique, with respective strengths and weaknesses.
Andrew Murray, Humility|The only humility that is really ours is not that which we try to show before God in prayer, but that which we carry with us, and carry out, in our ordinary conduct; the insignficances of daily life are the importances and the tests of eternity, because they prove what really is the spirit that possesses us.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|It's a false premise to say that most monogamous people have chosen monogamy. Most people belong to the religion they were raised in...because that's what's familiar. That's the milieu they grew up in, and, for better or worse, they're just continuing the pattern. Until this traditionalist mindset is shaken loose, you would likely try from reflex to impose notions onto nonmonogamy that are not only untenable in the new context but spel sudden and messy doom even in situations that otherwise could be worked out.
Octavia E. Butler, Fledgling|Let them see that you trust them & let them solve their own problems, make their own decisions.Do that & they will commit their lives to you. Bully the, control them out of fear or malice or just for your own convenience, & after a while you'll have to spend all your time thinking for them, controlling them, & stifling their resentment.
Erik Larson, The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair That Changed America|I will be on the look out for you, my dear girl," he wrote. "You must expect to give yourself up when you come." For this buttoned-up age, for Burnham, it was a letter that could have steamed itself open.
Sharon Kay Penman, The Sunne in Splendour|I would see him, Edward.'It was no request; he knew it to be an ultimatum. He shook his head violently, not trusting his voice. Time passed. She was staring at him, saying nothing, and on her face was a look of stunned disbelief, of anguished accusation he knew would haunt him for the rest of his life. But when she spoke, her voice held no hint of tears. It was not a voice to offer either understanding or absolution, spoke of no quarter given, of a lifetime of love denied.'God may forgive you for this,' she said, very slowly and distinctly, 'but I never shall.
Michael Paterniti, Driving Mr. Albert: A Trip Across America with Einstein's Brain|At first, you fall in love. You wake in the morning woozy and your twilight is lit with astral violet light. You spelunk down into each other until you come to possess some inner vision of each other that becomes one thing. Us. Together. And time passes. Like the forming of Earth itself, volcanoes rise and spew lava. Oceans appear. Rock plates shift. Sea turtles swim half the ocean to lay eggs on the mother island; songbirds migrate over continents for berries from a tree. You evolve--cosmically and geologically. You lose each other and find each other again. Every day. Until love gathers the turtles and the birds of your world and encompasses them, too.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|Relationships tend to be flawed because they are made up of inherently flawed components, mere human beings.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|In a sane world, a term like "chronic crisis" would be instantly seen by anone as an oxymoron. Nevertheless, that's the state that many of us Western Worlders live in, provoking crisis after crisis so that we can justify our dis-ease rather than addressing that directly.
Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker|Joe Spork opens the door. The man departs. Joe turns to Polly to say something about how they’re obviously not going to Portsmouth, and finds an oyster knife balanced on his cheek, just under his eye.“Can we be very clear,” Polly Cradle murmurs, “that I am not your booby sidekick or your Bond girl? That I am an independent supervillain in my own right?”Joe swallows. “Yes, we can,” he says carefully.“There will therefore be no more ‘Say hello, Polly’?”“There will not.
Steven L. Peck, A Short Stay in Hell|I could tell you of occasionally, every eon, meeting a person, with whom I might stay for a billion years. But what of it? After a billion years there is nothing left to say, and you wander apart, uncaring in the end.
J.P. Galuska|Learning the difference between God's intervention, the devil's mischief, and PMS can lead to increased happiness.
Jennifer R.  Hubbard, The Secret Year|But we'd only had so many nights together, and the notebook had so many pages, and the world was never going to get bigger.
Arthur Golden|I long ago developed a very practical smile, which I call my "Noh smile" because it resembles a Noh mask whose features are frozen. Its advantage is that men can interpret it however they want; you can imagine how often I've relied on it.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|...we are taught to put fun and serious pursuits on a continuum as opposed extremes, when this dichotomy is entirely false, made even worse when we act as though we can instantly exchange one for the other...Exerting yourself at a task that is serious and rewarding can still be quite fun, but doing something fun because you have a neurotic need to pack your life full of un is pretty much a guarantee that any long-term benefits you derive will be entirely happenstance.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|But I want to see Clara, Charlie's friend, who's right up my street. I want to see her because I don't know where my street is; I don't even know which part of town it's in, which city, which country, so maybe she'll enable me to get my bearings.
The Nines|And then I met the most wonderful boy in the world. We would take long walks by the river. We spent hours gazing into each others eyes. We were so very much in love. And then one day, he went away. And I thought I'd die, but I didn't. And when I didn't, I said to myself... is that all there is to love?
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|But nearly every woman I know has a roughly similar story - in fact, dozens of them: stories about being obsessed with a celebrity, work colleague or someone they vaguely knew for years; living in a parallel world in their head; conjuring up endless plots and scenarios for this thing that never actually happened.
Harry Overstreet|To the immature, other people are not real.
Raymond Carver|She serves me a piece of it a few minutesout of the oven. A little steam risesfrom the slits on top. Sugar and spice -cinnamon - burned into the crust.But she's wearing these dark glassesin the kitchen at ten o'clockin the morning - everything nice -as she watches me break offa piece, bring it to my mouth,and blow on it. My daughter's kitchen,in winter. I fork the pie inand tell myself to stay out of it.She says she loves him. No waycould it be worse.
Anthony Ravenscroft|We are raised to believe (on the surface, at least) that us humans only have so much love to give, and that it comes in a standard round unit: one. After all, we associate love with the heart, and, well, you've either got a whole heart, or you're dead, period. You can't, common wisdom goes, just run around dividing that one heart up freely; to claim to do so means that you're either a fool, or you're dividing up something that is dead.
Annie Barrows, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|It suddenly struck me that Dawsey is a lonesome person. I think it may be that he has always been lonely, but he didn't mind before, and now he minds.
Emmanuel Goldstein, Dear Hacker: Letters to the Editor of 2600|Dear 2600: I think my girlfriend has been cheating on me and I wanted to know if I could get her password to Hotmail and AOL. I am so desperate to find out. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks. And this is yet another popular category of letter we get. You say any help would be appreciated? Let’s find out if thats true. Do you think someone who is cheating on you might also be capable of having a mailbox you don’t know about? Do you think that even if you could get into the mailbox she uses that she would be discussing her deception there, especially if we live in a world where Hotmail and AOL passwords are so easily obtained? Finally, would you feel better if you invaded her privacy and found out that she was being totally honest with you? Whatever problems are going on in this relationship are not going to be solved with subterfuge. If you can’t communicate openly, there’s not much there to salvage.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|Polyamory is differentiable from some other forms of nonmonogamy (including adultery) in that it is future-oriented. Poly relationships are not located solely in the moment, but have intentions (though perhaps tacit and vaguely defined) of at least adding to a base of experience possibly so far as signifying a life-long and emotionally attached commitment.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Comeback Season|Beside her, she can feel each breath he draws. How is it possible to be so close to a person and still not know what you are to each other? With baseball, it's simple. There's no mystery to what happens on the field because everything has a label -- full count, earned run, perfect game -- and there's a certain amount of comfort in this terminology. There's no room for confusion and Ryan wishes now that everything could be so straightforward. But then Nick pulls her closer, and she rests her head on his chest, and nothing seems more important that this right here.
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|She had searched for just the right guy; sensitive and gentle and willing to wait. Quite a long search, of course. She was looking for some imaginary man who cared more about having someone to talk to and see movies with than he needed to have sex, because she was just Not Ready for That. Did I say imaginary? Well yes. Human men are not like that.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|The red firelight glowed on their two bonny heads and revealed their faces, animated with the eager interest of children; for, though he was twenty-three and she eighteen, each had so much of novelty to feel, and learn, that neither experienced nor evinced the sentiments of sober disenchanted maturity.
Clare B. Dunkle, The Sky Inside|Mom actually said that?" Cassie's face shown with happiness. "She always hated my math!""Nah," Martin said. "She was just being that way for you. She thought it was what you needed to hear. If parents told us what they really think about stuff, we could figure them out like regular people.
Angela Johnson, The First Part Last|All I can think is that I want her more than anything. I want her more than I've ever wanted anything, ever.
Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other|....though modern Marriage is a tremendous laboratory, its members are often utterly without preparation for the partnership function. How much agony and remorse and failure could have been avoided if there had been at least some rudimentary learning before they entered the partnership....And that statement is equally valid for all relationships.
Marian Keyes, Under the Duvet: Shoes, Reviews, Having the Blues, Builders, Babies, Families and Other Calamities|When I opened my case in the hotel, he gestured excitedly at my snakeskin sandals, turquoise suede wedges and silver-speckled jellies. “But you’ve loads of shoes,” he bellowed joyfully. I shook my head sadly. Men just don’t get it, do they? They’re definitely missing the shoe chromosome.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|...whenever a woman describes a man as sweet, the dalliance is doomed.
Daphne du Maurier, Echoes from the Macabre: Selected Stories|I wondered straightaway how he could sit at peace there, of an evening, with the row of heads staring down at him. There were no pictures, no flowers: only the heads of chamois. The concession to melody was the radiogram and the stack of records of classical music.Foolishly, I had asked, "Why only chamois?"He answered at once, "They fear Man."This might have led to an argument about animals in general, domestic, wild, and those which adapt themselves to the whims and vagaries of the human race; but instead he changed the subject abruptly, put on a Sibelius record, and presently made love to me, intently but without emotion. I was surprised but pleased. I thought, "We are suited to one another. There will be no demands. Each of us will be self-contained and not beholden to the other."All this came true, but something was amiss. There was a flaw - not only the nonappearance of children, but a division of the spirit. The communion of flesh which brought us together was in reality a chasm, and I despised the bridge we made. Perhaps he did as well. I had been endeavouring for ten years to build for my self a ledge of safety. ("The Chamois")
Sandra Neil Wallace|Pa never told stories like Grandpa. Or treated the barn like family. Eli knew how Grandpa’s own pa had built the barn by hand, hauling bluestone for the foundation behind a stubborn ox with horns as wide as a tractor. How the smell of the plank walls was like family and how you never washed your chore coat so the animals would smell that you were family, too.
David Kinnaman, unChristian: What a New Generation Really Thinks about Christianity... and Why It Matters|In an era of mass media, it is easy to believe that the more eyeballs, the more impact. But radio, television, and tracts accounted for a combined total of less than one-half of 1% of the Busters who are born again.
Kate Aaron, Four Chances: A Short Story Quartet|Christ, they’d be getting a cat next. He mentally recoiled from the idea: the day they did that, he’d cut off his dick and call himself a lesbian.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|flagrant, adj. I would be standing right there, and you would walk out of the bathroom without putting the cap back on the toothpaste.
Michael Kenny, Politics of Identity: Liberal Political Theory and the Dilemas of Difference|The self is constituted within a variety of arenas and in relation to multiple traditions. Self-hood, on this understanding, is both provisional and open-ended, and critically depends on the configuration of relationships between one’s own groups and those cultures and values that are deemed ‘other’. The regulation of alterity becomes a defining attribute of self-hood, as my sense of who I am is crucially mediated by an understanding of that which I am not (paraphrasing William Connolly).
Brett Kiellerop-Morris, My Big Fat Gay Life|I'm not an ageist, and I'm not looking for a man in a certain restrictive age range, however I've found over the years that people younger than me tend to be immature. The problem with this is that, as I get older, all the good men have already been snapped up.
Jennifer McMahon, Don't Breathe a Word|Beautiful building,” Phoebe said. Sam nodded. “Classical Revival,” he said. It was yet another display of his seemingly unending knowledge that both made her proud and made her feel very small. Maybe if she had gone to college she would have learned about building styles and understand what Classical Revival meant. They could have intelligent discussions about things like rooflines and columns.
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|Watching him with one eye, she wondered if men ever figured out that they were more appealing when they were pursuing their own work than when they were pursuing a woman.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|This does not escape my notice, it is a context. I resent the fact of a context; my social status has shifted and no one is going to acknowldege it, that´s certain. I´m expected to be Brave and Rise Above. I dress for the role; I must look far better now that I did when I was married. I must look pulled together into a nice tight Hermès knot of self-containment. I don´t make the rules; I just do my best to follow them.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|There is that, and there is also the Irreconcilable Differences line. It seems so catchall, so vague. You could say that about anyone, any man and woman at all. Jesus and Mary Magdalene: "Irreconcilable Differences." JFK and Jackie, anyone at all. It´s built into the man-woman thing. What kind of paltry reason is that? "Insanity" is another box to be checked on the divorce petition, the only alternative to "Irreconcilable Differences." I would like to check it.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|To keep myself from harming or calling N and to stave off the rage and despair, I focus on my extraordinary son, drink midrange Chardonnay every night after he is asleep, and make a barrage of late-night mail-order retail purchases placed from the couch. The couch has officially become my second battle station. I am angry and I have credit And I´m all blackened inside; I should wear a pointy witch hat around Larkspur as I go to the bank and drop A off at day care. It would be more honest.
Louise Penny, Still Life|Clara shrugged and immediately knew her betrayal of Peter. In one easy movement she'd distanced herself from his bad behavior, even thought she herself was responsible for it. Just before everyone had arrived, she'd told Peter about her adventure with Gamache. Animated and excited she'd gabbled on about her box and the woods and the exhilarating climb up the ladder to the blind. But her wall of words hid from her a growing quietude. She failed to notice his silence, his distance, until it was too late and he'd retreated all the way to his icy island. She hated that place. From it he stood and stared, judged, and lobbed shards of sarcasm.'You and your hero solve Jane's death?''I thought you'd be pleased,' she half lied. She actually hadn't thought at all, and if she had, she probably could have predicted his reaction. But since he was comfortably on his Inuk island, she'd retreat to hers, equipped with righteous indignation and warmed by moral certitude. She threw great logs of 'I'm right, you're an unfeeling bastard' onto the fire and felt secure and comforted.
Chris Crutcher, The Crazy Horse Electric Game|He tries to force the anger down, but it's like an anvil on his chest. He closes his eyes, like Sammy taught him, and forces the anvil up; he softens.
Françoise Gilot, Life with Picasso|Pablo's many stories and reminiscences about Olga and Marie-Thérese and Dora Maar, as well as their continuing presence just offstage in our own life together, gradually made me realize that he had a kind of Bluebeard complex that made him want to cut off the heads of all women he had collected in his private museum. But he didn't cut the heads entirely off. He preferred to have life go on and to have all those women who had shared his life at one moment or another still letting out little peeps and cries of joy or pain and making a few gestures like disjointed dolls, just to prove there was some life left in them, that it hung by a thread, and that he held the other end of the thread. From time to time they would provide a humorous or dramatic or sometimes tragic side to things, and that was all grist to his mill.
Marilyn Barnicke Belleghem, Questing Marilyn|I know I am planning to visit a "land" that is not entirely foreign, only foreign to me. As an adventurer, I am on a journey that I believe will last me my whole life. A new relationship, discovery, or awareness excites me.
Wendy Shalit, A Return to Modesty: Discovering the Lost Virtue|A society which sees her modesty or her "hang-ups" as a problem is necessarily a society which will not be able to get him to commit. Conversely, a society which respected modesty, or what now goes by "hang-ups", was one in which men were obligated.
Elizabeth Cooke, Land Law|[M]an is not an island, he is more like a spaghetti junction.
Nick Hornby|He's a sweet man whose crime was that he didn't love me quite enough, and because this wasn't much of a crime I had to make up some bigger ones.
Emily Perkins, Novel About My Wife|This is what we had become, after the first symbiotic year of our living together: a couple who needed another couple to be around.
Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain|If your blade were as sharp as your tongue, you'd have sliced my through years ago.
Sarah Beth Durst, Into the Wild|The lamb baa-ed vigorously as Mary dragged it into the manicure room, and Zel winced. She really should insist Julie come work, She could use the help, plus it would mean extra mother-daughter time--and, Zel thought wryly, I won't have to find a spare tower in the suburbs.Closing the appointment book, Zel went to finish trimming Linda's hair. "Did I hear a sheep out there?" Linda asked."Sick dog," Zel said. "Now, bend your head down." Linda obeyed and Zel ran her fingers through the back of her hair to check for evenness. All she needed to do was think of a way to make Julie come without Julie immediately assuming her mother was trying to ruin her life. Not an easy task.
Richard Finney, Kicky-Wicky|Do you mind?” she asked.“Mind what?”“While you were looking in the mirror I couldn’t help myself and I began fantasizing about you. And I figured if I was going to continue to fantasize about you, the only polite thing to do was to ask your permission. So now I’m doing the polite thing again and asking, ‘do you mind?’”“No, Nina. I don’t mind at all.”Then she leaned down and kissed him.
Lorrie Moore, Self-Help|Back at home, days later, feel cranky and tired. Sit on the couch and tell him he's stupid. That you bet he doesn't know who Coriolanus is. That since you moved in you've noticed he rarely reads. He will give you a hurt, hungry-to-learn look, with his James Cagney eyes. He will try to kiss you. Turn your head. Feel suffocated. (from "How")
Rowland S. Miller, Intimate Relationships|Moreover, in conversations with women, men do most of the talking (Haas, 1979), and despite hackneyed stereotypes about women being more talkative than men, we're apparently used to this pattern. When people listen to record-ings of conversations, they think it's more disrespectful and assertive for a woman to interrupt a m~ than vice versa (Lafrance, 1992).
George Gurley, George & Hilly: The Anatomy of a Relationship|I admit I get the occasional headache," I said. "I admit some of my hangovers are epic. But usually all it takes for me to bounce back is a sauna, cold-plunge pool, steam bath, massage, and wasabi to clear the sinuses".
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|Couples will no longer spend their nights in their houses dedicated to habitation and reception, the customary social reason for banalization. The chamber of love will be more remote from the center of the city: it will completely naturally re-create for the partners the notion of ex-centricity, in a place less open to the light, more hidden, in order to return to the atmosphere of the secret. The contrary move, the search for a center of thought, will proceed by the same technique.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Miss Austen’s novels … seem to me vulgar in tone, sterile in artistic invention, imprisoned in the wretched conventions of English society, without genius, wit, or knowledge of the world. Never was life so pinched and narrow. The one problem in the mind of the writer … is marriageableness.
Jose Panate-Aceves and John Hayes|Discover the fulfillment of intimate relationships with flesh-and-blood neighbors and teammates in concrete place and time, and we escape the pressure of mainstream media to channel intimacy only as virtual embrace.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Show me a little bit of your soul under all those pretty words you spill, and I promise you I will drink every last drop.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|You're asking yourself if you will ever get over it. - I don't believe we ever do. Getting over something implies you floated on past the pain, blew kisses, and waved goodbye while leaping to freedom. I've never been able to jump after having the contents of my heart scattered and sewn over fields that will produce memory-laden blooms. The thing is... you get through it. But the seeds have been planted. Those memories grow. And every morning I still hear: 'He loved me. He loved me not.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|And I find myself asking again and again.... What was it about such a beautiful man, who was able to leave such ugly scars?
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|When you act against gravity, you break your body. When you act against Love, you break your heart.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The person you fall in love with only holds a mirror for you to see the pieces of yourself that you have lost, given away, or were taken away from you in the process of life.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|When we fall in love, we recognise in the other the fragments of ourselves that we have lost.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Lift up your eyes from your books, from your past, from your hurts and look upon all people with love, because when you look into another’s eyes and see innocence, you find it in yourself.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Sleepers: A Little Book on How to Find Hope, Meaning and the Courage to Fall in Love with Your Dreams|If love is what we are, then every human interaction is an opportunity to express ourselves.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I have an attraction to strangeand unusual things.I find them interesting,spellbinding,utterly fascinating.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She adored fairy tales,yet derived great rewardrewriting them to the melody of her own warrior soul.Her fairytales weren’t made of desperate girlsbeing rescued by handsomespoiled princes.Her stories were made of badass womenteasing monstersand running wild with dragons.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|The moon glistens in her dreamy eyes as she frolics in the dark forest. She’s got wild overgrowing in her bones, and tangles upon tangles of midnight weaving through her long silky hair, this belle of the night.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She’s over the top rebellious,but damn her heart overflowing with insane love.She shakes thing up.Doesn’t play by rules and certainly fitsin nobody’s pretty perfect box.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Intoxicate me with the beauty and breath of your soul.Leave such imprints on my heart that you come to me in dreams,and I will leave you with eternal light,cherishing you until the end of time through synchronicity, through poetry, through mystery and undeniable energy.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|My hair smells of oceanic windMy eyes are two starfishThe charming, turquoise seais seducing meThe rhythms of the calmingCrashing waves are my guide Omnipotent, almost holy,They seek to cleanse my polluted soulHere, by the seductive sea,I am unshackled. I am free.I am me.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Every word on every page, represents a love that captured this heart... fully, and never set it free.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I always wanted you close. Never more than a heartbeat away. I used to think I wanted you most when I was at my weakest, and relying on your strength. But the truth is, even on the days I raged like a lion, and had no need of a 'pat on the back' - I still found myself wanting to lean on you.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|It may happen once or perhaps several times during your lifetime, but you'll meet a 'soulmate'. The bond will be instantaneous. They'll be a perfect fit for the empty indention your heart has for rent, and you'll almost think you 'wished' them into existence. One touch... and every pent-up emotion you have buried, will flood your aching heart. The magic is never more apparent that when you realize each of your souls are a perfect template of each other.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|She's fire. But she won't burn you... she knows all too well, how it feel to live with ashes.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|He said he'd never opened up to anyone... But that confiding in me, was like learning to breathe all over again. I don't know about you, but how do you turn away from that?
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|If you find yourself still clinging to every feeling you thought was lost forever... Maybe, just maybe, it's the only place you can be found.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I'm not simple. Loving me will never be easy. I bring every travesty that's rocked me- with me, to the table. I won't pretend to be something I'm not, and I don't expect you to be blemish free either. That's much too boring of an existence. A past means you've lived, you've prevailed. My ears are open. My heart is accepting. I want to know how you are. I want to know what made you... and I want to feel free to share the 'not so pretty' parts of me, with you.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|The day she realized they were never meant to be, is the day she now calls her - Birthday.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|All of the reasons we decided to part, elude me now.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You were nothing more than a daydream that a beautiful heart was bound to fall in love with, and daydreams aren't real and beautiful hearts trust easily, fall fast and crash hard.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Always the wild child, conceived in flames, born of fire. Drawn to the forbidden, witch, warlock, burning stones. Her blood is made of moonlight; part dark, part light. Her heart, it's a sword; fiercely loyal and will fight to the death for those whom she loves. You can throw her in the fire, she always returns as a flame: the fervor is her anchor, her safe-haven... her blood.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|If you see her staring into space, probably her mind is in a deep poetic embrace or a story is brewing in her clever little head. This girl is in a trance, it will pass, just let her be until she has completed her beautiful internal dance.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Lionhearted woman carrying silver swords beneath your skin. Your heart is huge, copious courage you hold within. You fight and never give in when the cause is worthy, brave valiant woman.
Alessandra Torre, The Ghostwriter|There is nothing like young love. It comes at a time before the heart knows to protect itself, when everything important is raw and exposed—the perfect environment for a soul-sucking, heart-crushing burst.
Ron Baratono|With all our reasons for living. Through our love and laughter, there's an unmistakable truth. The most valuable love in the world is a healthy relationship with our children.
Junot Díaz|This is how you lose her.You lose her when you forget to remember the little things that mean the world to her: the sincerity in a stranger’s voice during a trip to the grocery store, the delight of finding something lost or forgotten like a sticker from when she was five, the selflessness of a child giving a part of his meal to another, the scent of new books in the store, the surprise short but honest notes she tucks in her journal and others you could only see if you look closely.You must remember when she forgets.You lose her when you don’t notice that she notices everything about you: your use of the proper punctuation that tells her continuation rather than finality, your silence when you’re about to ask a question but you think anything you’re about to say to her would be silly, your mindless humming when it is too quiet, your handwriting when you sign your name on blank sheets of paper, your muted laughter when you are trying to be polite, and more and more of what you are, which you don’t even know about yourself, because she pays attention.She remembers when you forget.You lose her for every second you make her feel less and less of the beauty that she is. When you make her feel that she is replaceable. She wants to feel cherished. When you make her feel that you are fleeting. She wants you to stay. When you make her feel inadequate. She wants to know that she is enough and she does not need to change for you, nor for anyone else because she is she and she is beautiful, kind and good.You must learn her.You must know the reason why she is silent. You must trace her weakest spots. You must write to her. You must remind her that you are there. You must know how long it takes for her to give up. You must be there to hold her when she is about to.You must love her because many have tried and failed. And she wants to know that she is worthy to be loved, that she is worthy to be kept.And, this is how you keep her.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|How do you know they aren't the one? At the first sight of total disregard for your hurt, your gut will feel uneasy. I'm reminding you to listen up.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|If I had known his favorite game was mental twister, I would have suggested a movie over game night.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I never asked anything of him, yet he gave me everything. he did not run...
Kristin Cashore, Jane, Unlimited|Did you ever love someone," Lucy says, "and know they love you, and you're attracted to them, and you know they're attracted to you, and so many things are exactly right, but it doesn't matter, because the few things that are wrong are completely, totally fucked?
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|It was no mere accident you were sent to me, perfect synchronicity. Familiar souls wrapped in skin, brought together through time again.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|When the world is too much, create your own. I do it every day.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Off the Santorini cliff on a dark, starless night, I tossed a message in a bottle and love found me washed up on the black lava sand of the Aegean shore. As with my previous loves, volcanic in nature. Almost destructive before it started.
Cody Edward Lee Miller|The strength of a kingdom comes from its King,The strength of a King comes from his Queen.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|All he did was breathe life into my soul. I was a conquest. An easy one, and you don't know how badly it hurts to know that I was used and tried for a time. Then thrown back.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Like yourself, just as you are. Don't look at people and measure your self love by what they project in order to make themselves happy. Take a long look. You don't want their lives anyway. You don't like anything they do, say, or portray. Why then have you been so hard on yourself? You don't deserve to be treated that way.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I hear you knocking but I can't let you in. The last time almost killed me. Love, My heart
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I knew he was the one when he mended my wings and looked forward to where they would take me. Embrace those who encourage your growth... who don't fear the journey into Wonderland, Neverland, Whereverland.
Kiran Manral, All Aboard!|It was a good thing that when it came to married men, she was a girl with a firm moral compass, or else she would have been tempted to make him break his marital promises.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I fell out of love with him and he thought I fell in love with someone else, I did. I fell in love with me.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|We met at the blue lagoon on the even of a full moon. Dancing wild like those gypsy girls, with their messy hair and glittering eyes. We made magic behind the mangrove trees and ended up with bruised knees, as the sound of the win and the waves serenaded us late into the sweet bohemian night.
Truman Capote, Summer Crossing|When he was in the army he'd picked up a great many girls: sometimes nothing happened except a lot of talk, and that was all right too: because it didn't matter what you said to them, for in those transient moments lies or truth were arbitrary and you were whatever you wanted to be.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You keep playing with what broke you,then wonder why you don’t heal.Leave the wound alone,throw away the poison,and watch the magic of recovery.Your wings of wisdom are ready for flight.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|When our eyes met, I felt your intake of breath. I knew then I wasn't alone in my feelings. You were trying to hold on to normalcy as much as me. But baby, what we felt was anything but normal. The damn planet stopped moving... and it didn't start up again until you reached out and touched me.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|You are not disposable. I know you feel that way when people choose to walk out of your life, but their emptiness causes space. And that vacant area of your life is desperately crying out for the one meant to take up residence. Let the angry tenant go. You don't want someone staying because you've begged and pleaded for their occupancy. You want the one who sees your quaking heart and says: "Honey I'm home".
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Love does not pay attention to timetables or knock when it is convenient for you. True love shows up unexpectedly, bags fully packed, daring you to offer it a place to stay.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|That you were able to walk away, gives me my answer as plain as day.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Be careful with those promises who whisper while wooing and loving someone. There are those that take them to heart, and some who take them to soul.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Our love is immortal. We have become a love story. I siphoned the moments from my heart and soul, and I have inked them into beautifully bound pages. We live on for another generation to try and understand how the beauty of love can turn into ugly reality.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I saw a sadness shivering in his eyes that night. They resemble a heart flat-lining. I wanted to ask him what put it there, but he blinked... and it was gone. And I knew that a man who could control pain so exquisitely had no business paying with my heart.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I'm not afraid of anything anymore. I've found out Ghosts don't hide under my bed or in my closets either. They exist in plain sight - everyday; Conjured up by 'our song' playing on the radio. By the mailman's blue eyes that are so like yours I could get utterly lost in them. They come as raindrops, kissing my skin... the way you used to. Ghosts are everywhere.
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|True love will break you, it devotes to break your beat up, broken heart awaiting to repair and align you to your true purpose.
John F. Crosby, The Selfhood of the Human Person|Everyone knows the experience of encountering other persons only under the aspect of how they intersect with our projects, and of noticing them only insofar as we have to notice them in order to interact with them as we pursue our goals. But from time to time we realize more keenly that the other with whom we are dealing is a person, and then we feel the irreverence and the arrogance of our attitude. We become aware of a certain violence with which we have been treating other persons; we realize that we have to draw back and grant them a space in which to be themselves as persons, and that we have to cease seeing them exclusively in relation to our projects.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I may be lost, but I'm traveling the right way.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Silence can be lovely or disturbing, depending on the source.
Drishti Bablani|A relationship is a risk that your heart takes and your mind supports. Remember this enough so that when the risk unveils itself, it does not tear you apart. Forget it enough so that you can enjoy the beauty it brings today.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|She knows he's not the same. He's different now. The eyes that once held too much contain nothing at all. He is colorless. Faded like sun-drenched wallpaper. The man that stands before her has no answers to her questions, and no ointment for her fears.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Having to explain to someone how they hurt you, always feels like an ass kicking... again.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I had never met another who loved my mind more than my body. I could feel his curiosity finger-walk through my thoughts... intentional and hard. Absorbing me. Learning me. And as he leaned in and held my hand close to his, I heard my soul sigh... in a deep grateful breath.
Alfa H|I have no doubt that Taylor Swift will call one day after suffering writers block: "Alfa, I was told that you were the person to call." I gotcha girlfriend.
Latika Teotia|The day you start giving yourself priority and catering to your own needs first, that day everything will fall in place. Most of us were taught (or believed) that taking care of your own needs first is being selfish. Nothing can be farther from the truth. Unless you look after yourself first, how can you look after others? It has been proved beyond reasonable doubt that if you want to help others, you have to take care of your own needs first. No, you are not being selfish by doing that. Charity begins at home- in this case with your own self. You can feed others provided you have enough to eat. More often than not, you are misused if you are nice. You have to compromise many a time to suit needs of others. That way you are seconding yourself to someone else. Stop doing that. You have a right to your needs and a reasonable chance to fulfill them. Demarcate clear boundaries, draw very clear unambiguous lines and stick to them; your personal space should not be violated. If in your relationships you find that all your efforts are concentrated on pleasing others then it is high time you unshackled and freed yourself from their vice like grip or else you will sink into quicksand with no chance of survival. If people don’t like the new you and decide to walk out, don’t stop them, they were never meant to be in your circle. Good riddance. Believe me, you will feel relieved because a very heavy load would have been lifted from your chest. Surround yourself with like-minded people who care for you, respect your individuality, see your value and don’t cross the line. They are people you should stick to- because they are genuine.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|They beg you for transparency. Yet when you give them a peek behind the curtain shrouding your hear, they run in sheer fright.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I never needed a Man. I needed a Viking. I needed someone who wasn't afraid of my strengths, or of my needs. I chose wrong... in the past. I thought I had to find someone who could put up with my hunger for life. But I was so damn wrong. I needed a Viking. I needed someone who would admire all the things about me that tepid men were intimidated by.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|... I don't know what I feel anymore, or maybe it's that I don't know HOW to feel anymore. I question every move I make, every breath I take, and every flutter of an eyelash. I've developed a twitch from always being on guard. I'm alert at night, and numb during the day, but I'm always ready. Maybe, I can intercept tragedy from striking again.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|He loved me, but in a lukewarm way. I needed scalding, but he loved in one temperature; tepid.
W.N.P. Barbellion, The Journal of a Disappointed Man|When the sun grew too hot we went into the wood where waves of Bluebells dashed around the foot of the Oak in front of us... I never knew before, the delight of offering oneself up; I even longed for some self sacrifice, to have to give up something for her sake. It intoxicated me to think I was making another happy...
Alexandra Harvey|I was head over heels, now I just see my heel in your head
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You're sexy and suave and you say the right things, but unless you can reach into my soul and tantalize my mind our connection will be null and void.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|The relationships flourish with exchanged respect, and not by pretending or beggary, as that expressing the opinions is the shortest way to build the bridges of confidence and expanding the circle of special relationships.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I want your scars, your darkness, your secrets. I want to see the interior of your soul.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|He is my thunderstorm, the lighting coursing through my veins. I am his hurricane, his colorful bow of rain.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Don't want a complicated love. Just want you to grab my demons, kiss my madness and run away with me.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|He loved hte curves on her body, her soft skin and pouty lower lip, her deep soulful eyes. He adored her voice; sometimes sultry, sometimes fiery. Her laugh, her playfulness... he adored it all. But what really turned him on were the curves in her mind, the twists and turns, the fire, the brilliance - and her compassionate heart; the beat of it harmonizing so sweetly and perfectly with the beat of his. The whole package was beyond thrilling... yet her mind, her heart, those were the immortal aphrodisiacs.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You became moon dust in my soul, I couldn't quite brush you away because somehow you always returned to haunt my heart.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Occasionally you can hear her howl, when the sky is black and the moon is full.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You can only hurt a woman so many times before her fangs grow sharp, her claws scratch deep, and her eyes become blades.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Your love was a vine - enchanting and beautiful, crawling around my heart and up my throat; then it strangled me. Your love, hauntingly tragic.
Mark Leyner, The Sugar Frosted Nutsack|I tend to interpret that whole 'everyone's wife is a Mossad agent' thing in a more sort of metaphorical way--that people you're intimate with might be, like, 'double agents,' y'know? It's a weird kind of paranoia you get about people you love--that they might turn out to be completely different from who you think they are, that it's all been some sort of diabolically patient plot against you. I think that's a pretty normal fear you have in any serious relationship. And that's why it's such a popular part of the epic, because so many people can relate to that fear. But personally, I don't really worry about it too much.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You're too sane for a lunatic girl like me. You live in reality, while I tango in the jungle of my imagination making love to firecracker dreams.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|When you committed to love me, cherish me, be only with me, protect my heart, I took all that literally. Silly me.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I like your mind when it plays with mine. We harmonize, like a dirty sweet symphony.
Beta Metani' Marashi|THEY SAY "MOST RELATIONSHIPS FAIL DUE TO THE POVERTY." I COMPLETELY DISAGREE WITH THAT.I HAVE SEEN COUPLES WHO COME FROM FOREIGN COUNTRIES AND THEY STARTED THEIR LIFE FROM NOTHING, THEY DON'T EVEN SPOKE ENGLISH AND TODAY THEY LIVE BETTER LIFE THAN MANY COUPLES I KNOW WHO ARE BORN IN USA. I THING MOST RELATIONSHIPS FAIL DUE TO THE LACK OF MOTIVATION LACK OF COMMUNISCATION AND THEIR LIFE GOALS.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Your ability to make me feel like I was less than I was took a while to recover from. But after ripping my own self worth to shreds for so long, I realized that I wasn't less just because I was more than your inexperienced hands could handle... and that is your loss.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Don't blame my heart's appetite for how it chooses to feast, for my heart is a wild lover, an all-consuming beast.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|He smelled like a wolf and I knew I should run, instead I opened my heart and invited him in for a bite.
Melody  Lee|She is wild love and eternal fire - A sensual blend of soft heart and burning desire. Yes, an acquired taste, but the truth is once you fall in love with her, you'll never recover. Her love will seep into your veins, you'll never be the same.
Melody  Lee|I loved you unabashedly in the rain, you were real, raw, accustomed to pain. I loved you mostly in the rain, where you exposed your broken soul, unashamed, dancing despite it all.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|We didn't just bump into each other or randomly meet. It was more like a soul collision, meant to be.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|When it comes to matters of the heart and soul, I'm not a falling kind of girl. I'm more of a slamming, crashing, erupting...
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Accidental, unintended connections are the best concocted by the universe long before realizing the moon's heartbeat was waiting for you.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Sometimes, the only things in this world that make sense are the moon, my madness and your hands messing up my hair, while your teeth sink into my soul.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Kiss with your soul, where lips can never reach. Touch with your eyes, penetrate deep. Love every part, fully, complete.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Some people have hollow souls. They’ll see your light and like a moth to a flame, they’ll gravitate toward you. Be cautious, for these souls will attempt to steal your joy and try robbing the sparkle from your eyes.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Come play with my wild - I need my hair pulled, my lips kissed, your tender caress. I need your savage, I need your gentle. Only you know how to embrace my fire, the secrets I desire. Come play with my wild and I'll love you like there's no tomorrow.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You are the calmest, fiercest person I know, and that is enough to draw me into your world and woo me into your heart. I've always enjoyed a good paradox and puzzle. You are no exception.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You have that faraway look in your eyes that makes me want to pull you into my dreams, bring you to your knees worshiping me - desperately. You, the nectar and the muse of my poetry.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You carry stories under your bright sad eyes, bag loads and I wish to god I could help you unload.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Class Act.She's a first class act, graced with refinement and tact. But hold on! She has a beastly witty mind, a feral appetite for adventure, and a savage need for primal love! She's beautifully twisted, so before you take the plunge be sure you can swim deep.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I love it when you meet an angel on Earth and they have no idea that's what they are; a human angel, an angel covered in skin. They hare the best kinds of humans to know. As your eyes widen, as you evolve and your soul is receptive, you will encounter and recognize these angels on Earth more and more.
Haritha Velpureddy|You are important to me , because i thought so.
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|This is one of the subtle things to be understood. We are always wise if we have to advise others but when we are in the same trap, with the same problem, the same crisis, we are not so wise. If somebody else comes to you with a problem, you will give him good advice and the advice may be right. But if you have the same problem you will not be able to give yourself the same advice. Why? Because when it is somebody else’s problem you are detached.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|No woman is an island-ess. We fall in love in hope of anchoring ourselves to someone else, to keep from falling.
Karen Horney, Neurosis and Human Growth: The Struggle Towards Self-Realization|Also the natural sexual functions of establishing an intimate human contact frequently assume greater proportions. This is a well known fact about detached people for whom sexuality may be the only bridge to others, but it is not restricted to being an obvious substitute for human closeness. It shows also in the haste with which people may rush into sexual relations, without giving themselves a chance to find out whether they have anything in common or a chance to develop a liking and understanding. It is possible of course that an emotional relatedness may evolve later on. But more often than not it does not do so because usually the initial rush itself is a sign of their being too inhibited to develop a good human relationship.
Grace Draven, Eidolon|I will stand beside you through all of this,' she said when she could finally speak. “And welcome you home with gladness when it’s over, and you return triumphant.
Tarun Sharma|Manage your relationships. Great relationships may not be profitable, but bad ones always result in losses.
Yōko Ogawa, The Diving Pool: Three Novellas|Since that time, I've had many similar moments, and I can never hear the words "family" and "home" without feeling that they sound strange, never simply hear them and let them go. When I stop to examine them, though, the words seem hollow, seem to rattle at my feet like empty cans.
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|In every relationship, you can always see the ego of the other, but you cannot see your own – and the other one goes on seeing your ego.
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|A man of wisdom always looks at every problem from the other’s point of view also. You cannot be wise if you have only one point of view. Sometimes try to stand in others’ shoes and just look from there. And if you can understand the other, you will be able to understand yourself more. The other always sees that you are an egoist. You never see it, you are blind to yourself.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|S: But Chris, I think his embarrassment isn't in relation to you or me but to himself. What can he do?C: I hate being thrown into such a physical state.S: Isn't that experiencing life to the hilt?C: No, it's just a dumb infatuation. I'm so ashamed.S: But even if his silence hurts you, isn't that what attracted you to him? The fact that he was inaccessible. So, I think there is a contradiction there, at least nothing to feel ashamed of -.
Robin Sacredfire|I thought I had lowered my standards pretty much, when I decided that any woman would be good for me as long as she respects me. It didn't took me long to realize that would never happen. I was being naive about the real state of the world. It's not that one shouldn't have low standards, or high, or medium, but that most people are such a disgusting representation of themselves, that they can't stop themselves being like this until they die. And maybe they do appreciate what they had when they lose it, but they quickly forget about it when getting it back. Forgiving people that apologize too often has been another naive behavior of mine.
Page  Turner, Poly Land: My Brutally Honest Adventures in Polyamory|If there’s anything I’ve learned from polyamory, it’s that the quickest way to destroy a relationship is to try to make it into something it’s not, to force it into a box that it doesn’t really fit in, and to slap labels on something and assume that those labels give the relationship value. No, no, and no. What you end up with is damaged goods in a mislabeled package that end up absolutely where you didn’t want to send the damn thing in the first place.
Latika Teotia|We really don’t need much to live comfortably, rest is all extra baggage which we collect because of immature feelings, emotional attachments and so on… same goes with our relationships we hang on to toxic relationships because of our fears and personal reasons. Letting go will bring much needed light and peace. I know it is easier said than done, but if we make conscious efforts, we sure can.
Mala Naidoo, Across Time and Space|She was home, the passage walls, memorabilia of Ben's life, past and present, welcomed her like a doting grandmother.
Melody  Lee|Sometimes the enemy walks beside you, holds your hand and kisses your pretty lips.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|[Being rejected] hurt, 'cause what turned me on in sex was believing that they knew me, that I'd found somebody to understand.
Melody  Lee|Don't say it doesn't make sense then tell me you feel your spine curve and chill humps rise all over your skin. That's all the sense it needs to make. That's what it's supposed to do. That's poetry darling; you feel it in your noes, it chills your skin-- poetry speaks to your soul, it burns within.
Melody  Lee|They told me to pay attention to my heart; that it would lead me to my purpose, my passion. So I did, I listened closely to the beat of my heart and it always brought me back to you.
litymunshi|when you are in pain __ no one can feel this better than you .this is not a shame to be in emotional pain.you love someone or hate __ not in your hand . a part of life to going through pain. pain may cause silent killer of your health .what you must do _ focus on your pain .realizing helps . then you would feel at a point _you have to get out of it. then the moment you focus what can destruct your emotional pain .music ,screaming ,going out,writing, anything ,you may pick up. one last thing __ never lie to self. shoot direct question and answer to self . create hobbies .then focus on yourself. look how brilliant you are . how unique you are . then admit ,no power can hurt you so much that has nothing to do with your well being . now _ reject . start to reject . once you understand your pain, the cause , how to keep self safety , ___you are powerful to reject pain slowly .
Mishi McCoy|I am care free by nature but that doesn't mean that I am careless or that I care less. I simply pass on passive-aggressive. Why dodge bullets? This world is not a place for cowards. If we are going to shoot then let's freaking shoot straight. Energy is easily recognized and understood. I don't make time anymore for people that I have to interpret beyond what they say and what they are really saying. It's not my Aspie nature. It is my angel nature. I know every thing isn't always black or white, but I am so over engaging with people who are 50 shades of grey. Be real with me or be gone....because if we aren't Really present with others then we are disconnected anyway.
Margaret Kennedy|When they got to their hotel she went straight up to bed, but he paused to get a drink. There was, in the vestibule, a flower stall and he bought a handful of roses, stiffly wired into a bouquet, before proceeding to the oppressive gorgeousness of their bridal suite. The lift was lined with looking glass, so that as he shot upwards he got an endlessly duplicated version of himself, stout and nervous, a light cloak flung over his shoulder and flowers in his hand: an infinitely long row of gentlemen carrying offerings to an unforgiving past.
Marie de France, The Lais of Marie de France|Love is not honourable, unless it is based on equality.
Ruthanna Emrys, Winter Tide|Their relationship must be all claws and blades: law and custom gave him a thousand types of power over {her}, while she had only the one, pointed firmly at his heart.
William Finn, The Marvin Songs : Three One-Act Musicals|(His WIFE, understanding everything, wants him to stay. MARVIN wants to go. Or MARVIN wants to stay. She wants him to go. Anyway, he's going.)
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|When you find your twin flame you also find your freedom, for there is nothing more exhilarating, wild and free than absolute soul love.
Hrishikesh Agnihotri|If you give your best to someone it will most definitely come back to you, often from a different person altogether.
Mary Renault, The Bull from the Sea|Often I wished for someone to share my mind with; but their hearts were in little things, they would have thought me a dreamer, and I had to plan alone.
Julia Glass, The Whole World Over|But people, as Alan had once reflected to Greenie, were not at all like recipes. You could have all the right ingredients, in all the right amounts, and still there were no guarantees. Or perhaps they were like recipes, he pondered now, and the key to success was in finding the ingredients you had to remove, the components that turned all the others bitter, excessively salty, difficult to swallow; even too jarringly sweet. He had seen Greenie clarify butter, wash rice, devein shrimp, and meticulously snip the talons from artichoke leaves.
Daniel Handler, All the Dirty Parts|For every girl I thought I was uncomplicated sex, it wasn't. Put it this way: if you can't see the complication, you're probably it.
Kira Asatryan, Stop Being Lonely: Three Simple Steps to Developing Close Friendships and Deep Relationships|When you tell the tale of how another person is from your perspective, you're making him or her into a character, a player in your own life story. This way of knowing does not bring you closer because it is really all about you.
Richelle E. Goodrich|One of the most troubling facts I have had to accept is that people are not all angel or all devil. They are both good and awful to varying degrees and in varying circumstances. On any given day, dependent upon the situation, you will be confronted by either the devil of a person or the angel of the same person or a curious mix of both. This means you can, and most likely will, love and hate the same individual alternately throughout your life. This truth I find painfully heartbreaking.
Martin Buber, I and Thou|A great relationship ... breaches the barriers of a lofty solitude, subdues its strict law, and throws a bridge from self-being to self-being across the abyss of dread of the universe.
Purba Chakraborty, Canvas of a Mind|Waiting is painful, testing and arduous. It makes us restless, but finally, when it rains after months of blazing heat, the feeling is too miraculous to capture in words.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|LoveHas a way of wiltingOr blossomingAt the strangest,Most unpredictable hour.This is how love is,An uncontrollable beastIn the form of a flower.
Tom Perrotta, Mrs. Fletcher|Eve still marveled on a daily basis at the speed with which her own life had changed. A year ago, she'd been lost and flailing, and now she was found. She wanted to call it a miracle, but it was simpler than that, and a lot more ordinary; she'd met a kind and decent man who loved her.
Scott Stabilele|You choose who gets your attention, and you don’t have to give it to anyone who makes you feel like crap. Period.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|After college, I started working in the gallery and found myself surrounded by a whole new set of people who had not yet grown accustomed to my antisocial tendencies, who had not yet learned to expect me to say no, and stopped asking. I was invited to go drinking and dancing again, and so, I tried.
Lorrie Moore|He will talk about what "some other people said," and what he and "some other people did," and when he never specifically mentions women it will be like the Soviet news agency which never publicizes anything containing the names of the towns where the new bombs are.
Scott Stabile|We're not on the same page right now, but that's okay. Were still in the same story, and there's still so much more to be written. I won’t put down my pen if you won’t.
Kris Kidd|If I told you that I imagine love to be a two-way mirror, which side of the mirror would you imagine me standing on?
Scott Stabile|Why spend your time fighting to make a damaging reality work? Be willing to move on from the people and situations that don't serve your heart. You are capable of creating relationships and circumstances rooted in respect, equality and love. But you have to believe you deserve them.
Rupi Kaur, Milk and Honey|to do list (after the breakup)1. take refuge in your bed2. cry. till the tears stop (this will take a few days).3. don’t listen to slow songs.4. delete their number from your phone even though it is memorized on your fingertips.5. don’t look at old photos.6. find the closest ice cream shop and treat yourself to two scoops of mint chocolate chip. the mint will calm your heart. you deserve the chocolate.7. buy new bed sheets.8. collect all the gifts, t-shirts, and everything with their smell on it and drop it off at a donation center.9. plan a trip.10. perfect the art of smiling and nodding when someone brings their name up in conversation.11. start a new project.12. whatever you do. do not call.13. do not beg for what does not want to stay.14. stop crying at some point.15. allow yourself to feel foolish for believing you could’ve built the rest of your life in someone else’s stomach.16. breathe.
Kristan Higgins, All I Ever Wanted|I don't get it, guys, I continued. I'd want to date me. Why is it so hard for me? I'm wicked fun, I dress nicely, I'm friendly... I'd love to date me. Wouldn't you?
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|When I look at your smile, I can see your heart. When I look at your heart, it makes me smile back.
Purba Chakraborty, Canvas of a Mind|Sometimes, it is wise to let people go without any complaints. If they are a part of our destiny, they will return after a couple of seasons. Till then, let them dwell in the pages of our memories.
Alexander McCall Smith, A Distant View of Everything|He smiled as he imagined the composite Jamie/Isabel, who would play the bassoon, read philosophy, interfere in other people's affairs rather too much, drive a green Swedish car and make legendary potatoes Dauphinoise.
Tropper Jonathan|I don't know how Jen and I became strangers in our own marriage, how we let something that should have brought us closer derail us like a couple of amateurs. We were two reasonably smart people in love with each other, and then, one day we were less so, and maybe we were headed here anyway, maybe she just got there first, because she felt the loss of our baby more acutely. For a moment, a feeling circles me, something approaching clarity, maybe even acceptance, but it fails to settle and ultimately dissipates.
Scott Stabile|When someone rejects you, for whatever reason, that rejection reflects their wants, not your limitations. you are in no way defined by the rejection, or the acceptance, of anyone else. your worth depends on no one. and as hard as it can be to see it as such, there is just as big a gift in not connecting with those who don’t see your value, as there is in uniting with those who do.
Scott Stabile|We have to be willing to acknowledge the good, or all we bring is bitterness to the bad, and that doesn’t help make things any better.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The emotional ingredients that sustain long-term relationships are kindness, thoughtfulness, and compassion.
Scott Stabile|Forgiveness and Blame share an apartment, but not for long, because Blame can’t live with Forgiveness, and Forgiveness can’t live with Blame.
Scott Stabile|I’ve found a new kind of home in us, and I’m ready to move in for good.
Scott Stabile|I do love you, but I can no longer wait for you to figure out how to love me in a way that makes us both feel good.
Diana Kanecki|A good starts with breakfast; no matter what I'm going through, a good breakfast with friends, family, or tribe helo me and others start the day right and better.a professional practice I follow as retaught to me by a mentor who was a 3 star general when he held the meeting until i and c others had a full breakfast. Good leadrrship and a lesson with kindness.
Scott Stabile|I love you, and I know you love me too.I’m just not sure that’s enough anymore.Don’t we both deserve more than this struggle?
Adele Green in Can You See Me Naked: Grow in a conscious relationship|The more opposite to you, the more challenging your partner is to you. This person holds the key to all your lost parts.
Adele Green in Can You See Me Naked: Grow in a conscious relationship|Most things are relative, but perspective is everything.
Adele Green in Can You See Me Naked: Grow in a conscious relationship|It is not about the person who is right for you, but when you are ready to experience who you are through another.
Rachel Joyce, The Music Shop|The fact was, it was safer to stay uninvolved. He was perfectly fine with emotions, so long as they belonged to other people. Oh, he tried relationships after Peg's death, for a while he really tried, but he couldn't bear to get closed ... [it was easier] to disconnect from that part of life and turn his back on love altogether.Easier to find what he needed in music.
Steve Maraboli|Stop dwelling and wishing they'd see the light and treat you better. Instead, forgive yourself for keeping low standards, and love yourself enough to raise them.
Swami Dhyan Giten|RELATIONSHIPS & THE INNER BEING The other is a mirror of our own face; the other is a mirror of our inner being. The entire universe is a manifestation of our own inner being. Man is the microcosm and the universe is the macrocosm. In our inner being, we are one with all.True relationships is to see ourselves in all beings and to see all beings in ourselves. The inner being is not only present in human beings, but it is also present in flowers, trees, animals, stones and the stars. The divine exists everywhere in nature. Once we realize this we will never feel alone. We find the communion of the heart everywhere.
Scott Stabile|If you want to change someone, start and end with yourself. You're all you've got control over.yes, other people can change.no, you can’t change other people.
Erik Pevernagie|Emotional predictive profiling may help identify contingent fissures in the stature of endangered relationships. Still and all, it might be wise to let the genie out of problematic bottles in the first place, in advance of scouting the causes of surreptitious subliminal convulsions. ("Beware of the neighbor")
Neil Hilborn, Our Numbered Days|Marvel at how she,the patient gardener, the bringer of sleep,she who draws the bath and lights the candles,she who made you someone who could makehimself into someone, she made you wantto live more than anything else, and nowshe makes you want to leave the worldbecause you have seen it.
Vironika Tugaleva|I wanted, for so long, for someone to understand me better than I understood myself, to take control of me, to save me, to make it all better. I thought that the hardest part of a loving, mutually healing relationship would be showing my vulnerable, raw spots to a person, even though I'd been hurt so many times before. This has not been the hardest part. The actual hardest part has been realizing that no one, no matter how compassionate and kind they are, will say the perfect things always. Myself included. The hardest part has been learning to communicate what I need, to hear what others need, to tell others how to tell me what they need. Intimacy takes communication. A lot of it.We all have triggers. I don't know your triggers, and you don't know mine. No matter how much I love or trust you, you cannot possibly know exactly the words I need to hear, the words I don't want to hear, and the way I like to be touched.And how strange that we expect these things of each other. How strange (and self-sabotaging) that we refuse to get into relationships and friendships with people unless they treat us in just that perfect way. We've been raised to want fairy tales. We've been raised to wait for flawless saviors to rescue us. But the savior isn't flawless and the savior is not coming. The savior is you. The savior is still learning. The savior is never done learning. The savior is a human being.Forget perfect. Forget flawless. And start speaking your truth. Start speaking what you want and how you want it. And start asking and listening, really listening, to what the people around you say.Maybe, then, we will stop abandoning and hurting each other. Maybe, then, there's hope for us.
Amit Howard|It takes a great woman to respect the little man in her child, and the little child in her man.
John Williams, Stoner|It was a passion neither of the mind nor of the heart, it was a force that comprehended them both, as if they were but the matter of love, its specific substance.
Katie McGarry, Red at Night|Call Stella 'Trash Can Girl' again and I'll beat the h--- out of you. In fact, call her or anyone else anything ever again and I'll do the same. I'm done saying nothing. I'm done letting you treat people like crap. Do you hear me?
Eudora Welty, On Writing|I've always been shy physically. This in part tended to keep me from rushing into things, including relationships, headlong. Not rushing headlong, though I may have wanted to, but beginning to write stories about people, I drew near slowly; noting and guessing, apprehending, hoping, drawing my eventual conclusions out of my own heart, I did venture closer to where I wanted to go.
VaeEshia Ratcliff-Davis|Once your fairytale gets shattered multiple times, life will finally paint reality in its place.
Alexander Freed, Rogue One - A Star Wars Story|He hadn't known her, didn't know her, of course. There wasn't the time.
Scott Stabile|I forgive you, but I won’t forget what you did…not in some threatening, I don’t really forgive you kind of way… but just because what you did was shitty and really hurt me and I can’t imagine it suddenly disappearing from my memory. In a way, it’s even cooler that I’ll remember that shitty thing you did to me, and you’ll remember that shitty thing I did to you. That means we didn’t need to forget that we hurt each other in order to love each other still. We figured out a way to forgive each other, for real, and still be friends. How beautiful, yes? Let’s never forget that, either.
Scott Stabile|Our differences are beautiful, yet sometimes connection requires us to focus on our similarities, like the fact that we are all trying, all struggling, all wanting to be seen and to be loved. Perhaps if we start there, with this basic understanding of what it means to be alive, we will grow in our connection to one another and learn to love the beautiful differences that embody our improbable human reality.
Scott Stabile|Find people who can handle your darkest truths, who don’t change the subject when you share your pain, or try to make you feel bad for feeling bad. Find people who understand we all struggle, some of us more than others, and that there’s no weakness in admitting it. Find people who want to be real, however that looks and feels, and who want you to be real, too. Find people who get that life is hard, and who get that life is also beautiful, and who aren’t afraid to honor both of those realities. Find people who help you feel more at home in your heart, mind and body, and who take joy in your joy. Find people who love you, for real, and who accept you, for real. Just as you are. They’re out there, these people. Your tribe is waiting for you. Don’t stop searching until you find them.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Love them that hate you, but you can't love them whom you hate.
C.E. Clayton, The Duality of Nature|Tallis is a beautiful and terrible thing. Fearsome and alluring. Just like the forest in many ways... but it's written all over that handsome, pale face of yours; you like her.
Samantha Irby, We Are Never Meeting In Real Life|It's so weird that adults in committed relationships have a problem with something so innocuous as flirting. I would never expect you to walk around with a paper bag over your head to avoid catching the eye of a stranger, nor would I discourage you making friendly conversation with whomever you might encounter during the day. And if you needed to fuck somebody else, we could talk about it. People change, our desires evolve, and it feels foolish to me to expect what you'll want two, five, or ten years from now will be exactly the same thing that fills you up today. I mean, the way I feel about fidelity has evolved over the last ten years of my life. It's a hard-and-fast rule that we don't apply to any other thing in our lives: YOU MUST LOVE THIS [SHOW/BOOK/FOOD/SHIRT] WITH UNWAVERING FERVOR FOR THE REST OF YOUR NATURAL LIFE. Could you imagine being forced to listen to your favorite record from before your music tastes were refined for the rest of your life? Right now I'm pretty sure I could listen to Midnight Snack by HOMESHAKE for the rest of my life, but me ten years ago was really into acoustic Dave Matthews, and I'm not sure how I feel about that today. And yes, I am oversimplifying it, but really, if in seven years you want to have sex with the proverbial milkman, just let me know about it beforehand so I can hide my LaCroix and half eaten wedge of port salut. ('Milkmen' always eat all the good snacks.)
Noah Hawley, Before the Fall|In this way he used her as the North Star on a journey where you always want to go south. It was helpful, aligning himself in this way. It gave him something to tune to, like a violin to a piano.
Robin Sacredfire|I once found an ego, crawling around and trying to shine on me. I took it in my arms and the ego turned itself into a virus. First it took over my mind, then my heart, and finally attempted to destroy my soul by corrupting me with fear and guilt. Therefore, with as much energy as I could gather, I trapped the ego within my anger and pulled it out of me. Once on the floor, the ego begged me for mercy and compassion, promising to give me joy in return. I allowed it once again into my life, and again, it tried to hurt me once more, this time with abandonment. So I unveiled the ego for what it truly was, and that was resentment filled with desire for power, a power the ego was feeding from me, from my compassion and willingness. Now unprotected by deceit, the ego shown itself weak and scared. In panic, it run from me, boasting a delusional victory. And when it looked back, searching for another chance, I stepped on it. But believe me, it hurt me far much more than it hurt the ego.
Robin Sacredfire|After one my breakups, my former girlfriend said we have misunderstandings. We never had. It's just that I was living for the future while she was living for the tomorrow. I couldn't wait for someone unwilling to grow up and able to keep only short term promises.
Ben Marcus, Notable American Women|Until the notion of Helmet-Assisted Life catches on with more people, you may be seen as a threat if you wear a helmet during moments of intimacy. Yet it might also be true that relaxed intimacy cannot occur unless the head is fully protected.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Art of Talking to Yourself|When you love people, you are curious about who they are, what they think, and how they feel. You watch them closely, wondering about their experience and what you can do to make it more enjoyable. You feel compassion for their pain and seek to make it more bearable. You are eager to learn the unique language of their existence. You want to understand them, inspire them, heal them. What if you could look at yourself this way?
Scott Stabile|And then it hit me—I don’t have to participate in these toxic conversations.But if I choose to, I can set a different example. I can bring love to the moment, regardless of the response.I can choose to be kind, no matter what.My power lives in my love.
Steve Maraboli|There is no saint here. I have attained wisdom from life's experiences... the positive, the negative, the destructive, the nourishing. I have been medicine for some and poison for others. I've learned a lot about heaven from aligning with angels and I have learned a lot about hell from acting like a devil. I offer my scars... what you call "wisdom"... Seeds of knowledge that have been watered by tears and flowers of hope that are nourished by love... It's a garden of experience made beautiful by self acceptance... The insight I have gathered from my comfort of living within both the light and the shadow.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|As I contemplate a relationship with God, I find that I’m afraid to ride on the coattails of the infinite. But what I fear more than that is spending my life in the coat closet.
Alberto Moravia, Contempt|They say that, if we manage to live without too great an effort, it is entirely owing to the automatism which makes us unconscious of a great part of our movements. In order to take one single step, it seems, we displace an infinite number of muscles, and yet, thanks to this automatism, we are unaware of it. The same thing happens in our relations with other people.
Colleen Oakley, Close Enough to Touch|Relationships don't dissolve over one event, one fight, it's a thousand blows, delivered over time, uppercuts, jabs, crosses, some you barely even feel, and then before you know it, you're on the ground seeing stars and wondering what the hell happened!
Sarah Morgan, Sunset in Central Park|One relationship didn't work out, but that doesn't mean relationships never work out. One single experience isn't representative of all of them.
Sarah Morgan, Sunset in Central Park|No relationship is perfect. No matter how much love there is, there's a strong chance you're going to hit rocky times at some point. Life is unpredictable. It can throw out the unexpected and the challenging. Coping with that requires trust and honesty.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|I found, increasingly, that I did not particularly care and I tried to fake a little kindness, a little sweetness, tried to mirror Luna back at herself, but that exhausted me after a week and I concluded that I was not meant for this sort of thing, friends, friendliness, no, I wasn't meant for it.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|Why were we never together anymore, just alone in each other's vicinity?
Nico J. Genes|How well do we actually know ourselves? Can we dare to say that we really know someone, like really, really know them?
Simone Weil, Gravity and Grace|To love purely is to consent to distance, it is to adore the distance between ourselves and that which we love.
Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities|...Seek and learn to recognize who and what, in the midst of the inferno, are not inferno, then make them endure, give them space.
Ellen Fein, Not Your Mother's Rules: The New Secrets for Dating|After years of breaking Rules and settling for random hookups, she finally meets a cute guy and after one kiss she has an aha! moment. She realizes that she does want a healthy loving relationship, not just a lot of texting and sex.
Laurie R. King, A Letter of Mary|You see why I married her, Mycroft? The exquisite juxtaposition of ladylike threads and backhanded compliments proved irresistible.
Amrita Sarkar|Whether we are trying to buy a packet of chips or getting to know a person for a potentially important relationship, its nice to have an overview of what it/he/she contains. - Of A Sense of Self
Amor Towles|Ever since [that day], a small uncertainty had buzzed between us.It was a sense of chemistry that had been a little elusive, a little imprecise, until now.
G.K. Dutta|I hate you, not because you broke my heart but because you broke my trust.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no such thing as relationships in this world. It is really a self-created net. Do these cows-buffalos have any relationships? They don’t have a mother-in-law, no father-in-law...
Dada Bhagwan|People with Sweet Relationships [those favoring you, always talk good] with you, will make you stumble.
Liimu McGill, The MomStar Manifesto|I believe there are no wrong decisions, just different consequences.
Val Uchendu|A closed fist cannot give. How can one give when the fist is closed? Yet, most people approach relationships with a closed heart. How can one give love when the heart is closed?
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|The best ones, are not the perfect ones.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Wings and Ruin|You're my equal. And as much as that means we have each other's backs in public, it also means we that grant each other the gift of honesty - of truth.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|My brain came alight with tenderness for her. I felt so sorry for everything. I yearned to embrace her, kiss her even, to stay with her, always her, my sister, my friend to the end. It was a story after all, even if a sick one. It was completely ours.
Maria La Serra, The Proverbial Mr. Universe|I could tell you, but you should never trust what someone says about themselves. It’s something you need to see for yourself.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|I wanted to walk faster, to run, far as possible from her, from my entire life, from the first day I ever saw her always just a few steps ahead.
G.K. Dutta|In your search for love, be cautious. The miserable truth is that predators can be extraordinary fakers, and they are out there searching for their next victim. Look inside than the words they say to you. Try not to overlook warnings or any inclination you have that something is not exactly right.
G.K. Dutta|Be kind for as much as you can, but when you feel your limits are being pushed, and the thing inside you begin to stir. Warn them once about it and if they still do not listen. Then, unleash the dragon they pinched.
Balroop Singh|Conflicts in relationships are as natural as breathing. While conflicts lead to healthy relationships, they can throttle us if they are not addressed at the appropriate time.
F. Thomas Vincent|Sometimes, something meaningless occurs, somewhere with meaning.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|Touch had always saved them in the past. No matter the anger or hurt, no matter the depth of the aloneness, a touch, even a light and passing touch, reminded them of their long togetherness. A palm on a neck: it all flooded back. A head leaned upon a shoulder: the chemicals surged, the memory of love. At times, it was almost impossible to cross the distance between their bodies, to reach out. At times, it was impossible. Each new the feeling so well, in the silence of a darkened bedroom, looking at the same ceiling: If I could open my fingers, my heart's fingers could open.
The School of Life, Relationships|We need to imagine the turmoil, disappointment, worry and sheer confusion in people who may outwardly appear merely aggressive.
Susan Meissner, A Fall of Marigolds|The person who completes your life, is not so much the person who shares all the years of your existence, but rather, the person who made your life worth living -- no matter how long or short a time you are given to spend with them.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, Maybe in Another Life|If you love someone, if you think you could make them happy for the rest of your life together, then nothing should stop you. You should be prepared to take them as they are and deal with the consequences. Relationships aren't neat and clean - they're ugly and messy, and they make almost no sense except to the two people in them. If you truly love someone, you accept the circumstances, you don't hide behind them
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|By their very nature, human beings are so capricious, so complex, so delightfully contradictory, that they deserve not only our consideration, but our reconsideration--and our unwavering determination to withhold our opinion until we have engaged with them in every possible setting at every possible hour.
Dada Bhagwan|When people break off relationships, they break them both from the outside and from within. The external spoils because of circumstances, but the inner [inside] must not spoil.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|Friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of regard
Ben Greenman, What He's Poised to Do: Stories|It seemed he was the perfect lover, at least for the moment. He did not live where you lived. He did not see you often enough, or for long enough, for you to grow bored, or to feel afraid that you were not feeling love---or worse, that you were. The perfection had a cost, which is that he was not in any true sense a real person. He was a coat you bought off the rack, an unsuperlative fashion statement.
The School of Life, Relationships|We may believe we are seeking happiness in love, but what we are really after is familiarity.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|I couldn't understand; cheating was the one thing I'd told her all those years ago would be unforgivable. She knew, she said, but that was part of what had been confusing her, that I would even have told her that, as if she weren't an actual human being with the freedom to act, but some character in a scenario in my head. There was a quality I had of making the people closest to me feel lonely, somehow. Some essential cold withholding at the core of myself.
David Levithan|Saving others is always more important than saving yourself. It has to be, or none of us would do any good.
Gift Gugu Mona|There are some people who may be good yet toxic for you, so be careful of who you surround yourself with.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|One day, he and William had been speeding toward each other; the next, careening away. But why?
Abbi Waxman, The Garden of Small Beginnings|He looked at me thoughtfully, and smiled slowly, his green eyes warm. He smelled of the outdoors, he was so tall and broad shouldered and so ... male ... in this house of women he was shockingly different. All I could think of was how much I wanted to kiss him. I was clearly losing my mind.
Elaine Seat, Playbook for Your Extraordinary Life: A Practical Guide to a Remarkable Life|Positive relationships are those that leave you feeling energized after contact with a person. Even if the topic is unpleasant, the interaction itself leaves you with more energy.
Elaine Seat, Playbook for Your Extraordinary Life: A Practical Guide to a Remarkable Life|Working with people feels uncertain, and that's why it takes courage to engage. You can follow all the rules, have good intentions, and still get burned.
Kathleen Turner, Send Yourself Roses: Thoughts on My Life, Love, and Leading Roles|I've tried to prepare my daughter for the phenomenon I've experienced of beautiful young women being dismissed and devalued as interchangeable. I tell Rachel that if a relationship doesn't make you feel good about yourself as an individual, then it's not right. My grandmother told me once years ago that if you're ever with somebody who you find embarrasses you in public or private, you're with the wrong person. Walk away.
Katherine McIntyre, Waking for Winter|She felt him smile against her neck and bit down, the sensation sending shivers through her. “Bad girl. If you keep doing that, I’ll have you stripped and on your back before you can blink.
Emma Cline, The Girls|She must have already forgiven him for leaving her behind. Girls were good at colouring in those disappointing blank spots. I thought of the night before, her exaggerated moans.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|An Odonian undertook monogamy just as he might undertake a joint enterprise in production, a ballet or a soap-works. Partnership was a voluntarily constituted federation like any other. So long as it worked, it worked, and if it didn't work it stopped being. It was not an institution but a function. It had no sanction but that of private conscience.
Will Advise|If it's public, it's not bonding.
Louise Erdrich, Four Souls|For much of my life I was not acquainted with what may seem the obscure derivation of the adjective 'sincere.' It is from two Latin words, sine, without, and cera, wax. What a rare thing it is to be treated without wax. My desire is always to conduct relationships based upon honest regard. As I sipped the last drops of beef tea I tried to enumerate moments stripped of pretense and all I could come up with was those efforts of mine, with brother-in-law, when he grasped my hand in desperate gratitude, unknowing, and allowed me to really see him. As I relived those moments of extremity, a strange thought met me unawares. Were I not to know him, or someone, some person, at this radical depth, I fear my time on earth would be hideous. I was surprised to think this. But it crossed my mind that to know others on a superficial level only is a desperate hell and life is worth living only if the veneer is stripped away, the polish, the wax, and we see the true grain of the other no matter how far less than perfect, even ugly, even savage at the heart.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|I am a memory house for those I have lost, those I no longer know.
Chris Mc Geown|She was the kindOf complicatedThat people got lost in;They all wanted to save her,But all she wantedWas love.
Anonymous|To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten- the secrets of married women by Carol Mason
L.J. Shen, Ruckus|Because I had to sell it and lost a shit-ton of money the moment I realized you were going to be my neighbor if I stayed in my current place. Real talk, Rosie, you are all I ever wanted. Even when you wanted me to be with your sister. She was a comforting candle. You were the dazzling sun. I’d lived in the dark—for your selfish ass. And if you think I’m going to settle for something, you’re dead wrong. I am taking everything. We will have kids, Rose LeBlanc. We will have a wedding. And we will have joy and vacations and days where we just fuck and days where we just fight and days where we just live. Because this is life, Baby LeBlanc, and I love the fuck out of you, so I’m going to give you the best one there is. Got it?
Donna Goddard, Waldmeer|Your body would not get sick if you held no thought of resentment. It is neither good nor bad of itself. If we hold anything against anyone, we will suffer ourselves.
Mark Brightlife|You are aggressive", says the emotional abusive.
Jeremy Holmes, John Bowlby and Attachment Theory|The ambivalent strategy involves clinging to the care-giver, often with excessive submissiveness, or adopting a role-reversal in which the care-giver is cared for rather than vice versa. Here feelings of anger at the rejection are most conspicuously subjected to defensive exclusion. Although these strategies have the function of maintaining attachment in the face of difficulties, a price has to be paid. The attachment patterns so established are clearly restricted and, if repeated in all relationships, will be maladaptive.
Lance Olsen, Theories of Forgetting|I'll live to be one year younger, because I can't stand the idea of a world without you in it, and die buried beneath an avalanche of my own books.
Jeremy Holmes, John Bowlby and Attachment Theory|A person's attachment status is a fundamental determinant of their relationships, and this is reflected in the way they feel about themselves and others. Neurotic patterns can be seen as originating here because, where core attachments are problematic, they will have a powerful influence on the way someone sees the world and their behaviour. Where there is a secure core state, a person feels good about themselves and their capacity to be effective and pursue their projects. Where the core state is insecure, defensive strategies come into play.
Donna Goddard, Waldmeer|Relationships are used by the darkness to keep people revolving around the ego’s demands. For a moment, people see the light of the divine in each other. They run to it and then quickly forget the light they once saw as their fears reclaim their consciousness. Thus begins the ongoing battle to protect one’s own ‘rights’, in case they be forgotten or betrayed. The tally of what is owed is counted, the guilt of perceived wrong doings is cast upon the other, one’s freedom must be paid as the price for ‘love’, and it is only in short periods of peace when all of this is forgotten. Those moments are the precious windows of the Soul.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|As I accept the flowers, I release my grip on the balloons, and they bounce gently against the ceiling the way they did before—hovering, annoyed, frustrated, contained by the ceiling and disappointed by the limits of life.
Shannon  Mullen|I guess all the time I spend on social media has made me believe that love exists above the surface, that it’s supposed to be light all of the time.
Donna Goddard, Waldmeer|Every grievance you hold hides a little more of the light of the world from your eyes until the darkness becomes overwhelming. Everything you forgive restores that light. So ask yourself, who is it that you are really hurting?
Donna Goddard, Waldmeer|We draw into our life those who will help us to grow. Naturally, we tend to have mixed feelings about those very people but they are marked for us. We have forgotten that we wrote them an invitation some time ago. We look at them as if they are intruders when all along they are our guests.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|The intensity of my grief hits the mountains across Eclipse Sound, and then echoes throughout Arctic. There’s nobody around. I can barely see the town below the hill, nestled within the valley of barren tundra, across from the tiny airport, my only access to the south. I’m alone amidst this desolate landscape and there’s nowhere to hide. No trees or buildings or distractions. It’s just me in the depths of my suffering and all my faults and mistakes of the past are exposed underneath the spotlight of the midnight sun.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|Just as I’m about to continue walking along the shoreline, the left third of the iceberg breaks off suddenly and crashes violently, like a high-rise apartment building imploding in the heart of the city. Tears roll down my face uncontrollably as I watch the two distinct halves of the iceberg drift further and further apart from each other. It’s devastating to watch something that seems so strong and unbreakable crumble in an instant. Even more devastating is the feeling that there’s nothing I can do about it.
Maggie Nelson, The Red Parts|I felt the wild need for any or all of these people that night. Lying there alone, I began to feel - perhaps even to know - that I did not exist apart from their love and need of me.Of this latter I felt less sure, but it seemed possible, if the equation worked both ways.Falling asleep I thought, 'Maybe this, for me, is the hand of God.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|I grew up with a front-row seat to what a happy, healthy marriage looks like. Never perfect, constantly evolving, always united.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|I guess love distorts our perception of reality, and it’s even harder to recognize the truth when it’s buried underneath layers of what we imagine relationships should be like.
Carolyn Ives Gilman, Halfway Human|I knew I was really there, because I was the thing his arms encircled, the thing his love defined.
Shannon L. Alder|Marriage is the beginning of love for your spouse, not the result of it.
Blakney Francis, Someone I Used to Know|You see her for who she really is, past all the disillusions most people get tangled up in when they think they are falling in love. You accept her flaws, and you love her just as much because of them as you do in spite of them.
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|Wouldn't we all do better not trying to understand, accepting the fact that no human being will ever understand another, not a wife a husband, a lover a mistress, nor a parent a child? Perhaps that's why men have invented God -- a being capable of understanding. Perhaps if I wanted to be understood or to understand I would bam-boozle myself into belief, but I am a reporter; God exists only for leader-writers.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|Despite all of the social advances in women’s rights and the push for gender equality in the workplace, it seems like modern men still want a woman that they can take care of at home.
Stephen Covey|The great obstacle to communication is the tendency to constantly evaluate or moralize with others, creating in them a fear to speak or act. The great key to this communication is to learn to listen attentively with understanding to the other person’s point of view creating an atmosphere of love and approval.
Martin Kantor, Distancing: Avoidant Personality Disorder, 2nd Edition|Therefore, while social phobics and patients with AvPD both avoid out of fear, the social phobic’s fears mainly arise in the clinical context of feeling, or actually being called upon to perform in ways ranging from giving a speech to urinating in a public washroom. In contrast the avoidant’s fears generally arise in the context of interpersonal relationships, the main marker I look for in making the diagnosis of AvPD.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|We became six people at a table in Hampton Court. We rose and walked together down the avenue. In the thin, the unreal twilight, fitfully like the echo of voices laughing down some alley, geniality returned to me and flesh. Against the gateway, against some cedar tree I saw blaze bright, Neville, Jinny, Rhoda, Louis, Susan and myself, our life, our identity. Still King William seemed an unreal monarch and his crown mere tinsel. But we – against the brick, against the branches, we six, out of how many million millions, for one moment out of what measureless abundance of past time and time to come, burnt there triumphant. The moment was all; the moment was enough.
Stephen R. Covey|All of us are interested in things outside of our stewardships, and we should be, but the most important way to do anything about them is to magnify our own stewardships. When you focus on your own responsibility, you become relatively unconcerned with other peoples stewardships...The highest form of influence is to be a model, not a critic; a light, not a judge.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It’s not about describing someone as that’s typically an attempt to make whatever they are comfortable for whoever we are. Instead, we may wish to skip the agenda of the description and embrace the wonder of the person.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|If you closely scrutinize relationships everywhere that struggle, in most cases, it is due to lack of self-awareness of one or both parties...
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|Or maybe it was already too late; you only get one first love. She was mine, but I had not been hers. She was only going to look for some echo of it, and if I had made the right noises, that echo might have been me for a while.
Stephen Covey|Very few people have ever experienced the feeling of being completely understood. When they experience it, it can become one of the richest feelings they have ever had.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|How can any of us even know what to believe anymore? Our culture’s full of so much phoniness and deception. Companies advertise products to make us believe that we will be more beautiful, more healthy, or live longer by consuming their products. We are seduced by lovers who feed their porn addictions when we’re asleep. We’re taught to believe that if we work hard and take risks, that we can achieve our dreams, yet youth unemployment is the highest it’s been in decades. Fairytales tell us that true love exists, but half of all marriages end in divorce.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|Perhaps love in the digital age is more like Netflix binge-watching: we enjoy bursts of fantasy, and then move on to something else when it’s done. Like browsing for a new series on Netflix, if the relationship doesn’t fit perfectly, you can trade it in for something new with the click of a button or a swipe on your phone.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|We’re lost in each other, in the heart of Toronto, slow dancing to nothing but the beat of my heart and the sound of her breath on my neck. I know the subway trains are trembling beneath my feet and that we’re amidst the constant buzz of city life, yet I hear nothing but my heart beating and feel nothing but her breath on my neck.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|Maybe love’s more than the daily comforts: more than morning coffees and flowers and notes in my lunch bag and holding hands while watching the stars. It’s about never giving up, believing in each other, and supporting each other through the good and the bad.
C. JoyBell C.|There are all these relationships that are like cookie cutter shapes; identical and repetitive. Then there are all these relationships that aren't even relationships! Just facades for show and tell. But every once and a while, you'll see this bird breaking out of this cage and it's so weird and it's so obscure and you've hardly ever seen it before so you don't even know at first if you should name it Ugly or Beautiful! Relationships, stories of love, that just shatter the walls around the mind. They made it. They broke through. Like Ugly-Beautiful birds bursting forth from rusty cages! And then suddenly you stop and you think to yourself, "Maybe love really is real.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|It takes only one word to hurt a woman, a matter of seconds, one stupid, impatient blow of the crop. But winning back her trust takes years. And sometimes there isn't the time.
Adelyn Birch, Boundaries After a Pathological Relationship|If you fear that defending your boundaries is being controlling, don't worry. There is a difference between being controlling and having boundaries. Controlling people is about telling them what to do. Setting boundaries is about saying what you do or do not want to happen to you.
Stephen Covey|To carefully listen is a powerful way of saying to another that we value that person. When we take the time to understand we communicate that we care, we want to understand, we respect their expression, we give dignity and an individual sense of worth. Communication lies more in feeling than in words.
Sharfaraz Ahmed|Its better to "stay single" than being "single again
Darnell Lamont Walker|In her attempt to make me a good man, I made her a bad woman.
Henry Cloud, Safe People: How to Find Relationships That Are Good for You and Avoid Those That Aren't|Defensive devaluation is a protective device that makes love bad, trust unimportant and people "no darn good any way". People who have been deeply hurt in their relationships will often devalue love so it doesn't hurt so much. And they often become resigned to never loving again.
Adelyn Birch, Boundaries After a Pathological Relationship|Selfishness is self-absorption, self-seeking behaviour that either disregards the rights and needs of others or tramples them deliberately in favour of personal gain.
Adelyn Birch, Boundaries After a Pathological Relationship|Abuse can take many forms. It always involves a boundary violation, although every boundary violation is not necessarily abuse.
Stan Tatkin, Wired for Love: How Understanding Your Partner's Brain and Attachment Style Can Help You Defuse Conflict and Build a Secure Relationship|When we enter into a relationship, we want to matter to our partner, to be visible and important....We want to know our efforts are noticed and appreciated. We want to know our relationship is regarded as important by our partner and will not be relegated to second or third place because of a competing person, task, or thing.
Banani Ray, Flow Yoga The Mindful Path of Action for Transforming Stress into Happiness|The lack of mindfulness often makes us carry the unnecessary possessions, stale ideologies and rotten relationships along, which unnecessarily clutter our lives and consciousness, and stagnate our growth.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|We met at a cross-roads in life,But we were going different directions.We were part of each other's lives,But only for a moment.The first person that you meet in lifeWon't necessarily be the one who's forever.Just look at you and me,And it's not hard to see thatThis is the moment before life goes on.We are still friends;We are still really good friends.Please tell me that you agree.But I'm not the one for you,And you just can't see yourself with me.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|First love," said Ida with a sigh. "That's the one that kills you.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|Because sooner or later, all kinds of love - crazy love, wild love- fade into the same thing. The love becomes old and predictable -safe.
Caroline George, The Vestige|What does a freelance researcher do?” “Researches things.” He winks at me and helps lift my bike onto a cobblestone walkway. “It’s not an interesting or particularly sexy job. Nobody wants to date a perpetual studier, but I bet there’s an army of guys crawling over each other to get to you.”More like crawling away. “You’re ridiculous. Who’d ever want to date me?”“Someone like you? There’d be a line at your door as soon as work got out.”“Oh, would you be in the line?” Sarcasm. Not a real question. I don’t care if he responds—heat burns my toes, ears, and everything in-between—well, maybe I care a little.Jack pauses and gazes into me. “Yeah … I’m in the line … and I’m better than all the other guys so you should really pick me. I’m funny. I’m strong, like, I could sweep you off your feet and run without breaking a sweat. I can also blow milk through my nose, but only if I’m drunk and the milk is warm.
Orson Welles, My Lunches with Orson|Women are another race. They are always changing, like the moon. You can only win by being the cool center of their being. You have to represent something solid and loving. The anchor. Even if you are not. You can't tell them the truth. You have to lie and play games. I’ve never in my entire life been with someone with whom I didn’t have to play a game. I've never been with anyone with whom I could be exactly who I am.
Mayte Garcia, The Most Beautiful: My Life with Prince|Something I eventually learned: Prince's top girlfriend was always in Minneapolis. When you came to Minneapolis, you were the girl on her way in. When you left Minneapolis, you were the girl on her way out. This would have been a valuable piece of information for me to keep in my own hip pocket.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Forgiveness can be bittersweet. It contains the sweetness of the release of a story that has caused us pain, but also the poignant reminder that even our dearest relationships change over the course of a lifetime.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we respond to our pain and suffering with love, understanding, and acceptance—for ourselves, as well as others— over time, we can let go of our anger, even when we’ve been hurt to the core. But that doesn’t mean we ever forget.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|We cannot simply forgive and forget, nor should we.
Morrissey|I just don't have a tremendously strong belief that relationships can work. I'm really quite convinced that they don't. And if they do, it's really quite terribly brief and sporadic.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|To forgive, we may need to open our minds to a fuller exploration of the context in which the events occurred, and feel compassion for the circumstances and everyone involved, starting with ourselves.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Ultimately, we forgive others in order to free ourselves.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|Audrey, if you had the choice, would you rather be his muse or be in his arms?" "I want to be both. I know it's the exception rather than the rule, but I can't hepl what I want.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|We nurture our sense of connection with the larger whole, noticing that the whole is only as healthy as its smallest part.
Cambria Hebert, #Hater|ANTHONY: Women don't like to be told what to do. They like to be the ones telling us what to do. You want her to do something, you're gonna have to go about it a different way
Brené Brown|At the exact time that our society embraces shaming, blaming, judgment, and rejection, it also holds acceptance and belonging as immensely important. In other words, it's never been more impossible to 'fit in,' yet 'fitting in' has never been more important and valued
Caroline George, The Vestige|There comes a moment when we must choose how we’re going to love someone. Some forms of love leave a sweet memory once they’re gone, others leave scars. But there are forms that when stolen, destroy part of who we are—love that transforms us.
Caroline George, The Vestige|Are you real?” Stupid. Of course he’s real.“Yes, Julie. I’m not the mystical man from your dreams.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we set an intention to explore our emotional hot spots, we create a pathway to real love.
Elizabeth Strout, Anything Is Possible|Angelina said, "Mom. I don't want you to die. That's the whole thing. You took from me the ability to care for you in your old age, and I wanted to be with you when you died, when you die. Mom. I wanted that.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Often in close relationships, the subject being discussed is not the subject at all.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|And then I wondered if as soon as he came to like me he would sink into ordinariness, and if as soon as he came to love me I would find fault after fault, the way I did with Buddy Willard and the boys before him.... The last thing I wanted was infinite security and to be the place an arrow shoots from. I wanted change and excitement and to shoot off in all directions myself, like the coloured arrows from a Fourth of July rocket.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we develop our ability to love in one realm, we simultaneously nourish our ability in others, as long as we remain open to the flow of insight and compassion.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|One of the biggest problem is to notice everything,Secrets and lies kill relationships.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Only when we start to distinguish reality from fantasy that we can humbly, with eyes wide open, forge loving and sustainable connections with others.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|What makes awe such a powerful call to love is that it’s disruptive. It sneaks up on us. It doesn’t ask our permission to wow us; it just does. Awe can arise from a single glance, a sound, a gesture.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|One foundation of loving relationships is curiosity, keeping open to the idea that we have much to learn even about those we have been close to for decades.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we don’t tell those we love about what’s really going on or listen carefully to what they have to say, we tend to fill in the blanks with stories.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|He returned her gaze, yearning for sentimental solace; love which emanated from a familiar source, mattered little how bedevilling. They shared an intimate moment, a silent tête-à-tête, which seemed to confront doubts each harboured.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Although much of the work we do in committed relationships we do with our partners, sometimes it’s necessary to start with ourselves.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|With our close friends, family members, and lovers, we hope to create a special world, one in which we can expect to be treated fairly, with care, tenderness, and compassion.
Robin Sacredfire|You are too sensitive", says the emotionally immature ignorant without empathy.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Without equanimity, we might give love to others only in an effort to bridge the inevitable and healthy space that always exists between two people.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Whether we fear the existence of boundaries with others or crave more of them, there’s no denying that individuation and separation are inevitable parts of loving relationships that become the site of tension.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|We have to know ourselves to know where we end and another person begins, and we have to develop the skills to navigate the space between us. Or else we will seek wholeness through false means that honor neither us nor those we love.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|A particularly difficult line to navigate is the one between fear and love, especially for parents, who want more than anything to protect their children from suffering.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|The key in letting go is practice. Each time we let go, we disentangle ourselves from our expectations and begin to experience things as they are.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Mindfulness won’t ensure you’ll win an argument with your sister. Mindfulness won’t enable you to bypass your feelings of anger or hurt either. But it may help you see the conflict in a new way, one that allows you to break through old patterns.
Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon|Breaking the circle”My eyes darken when I see my new lover. Fresh prey.My body doesn’t really react in a sexual way.It’s the devil inside me that celebrates next conquest.We exchange meaningless sweet words.His hungry gaze penetrates my breasts and ass.Another drink and laughter.And then another one.Sometimes I get very drunk or high.And then I don’t feel him between my legs.I don’t see his sweating face.I don’t hear his moans and questions if I came.I can’t stay sober when I cheat on you.I’m such a coward that I can’t even face this inner monster.It consumes me, it takes away my dignity. It makes me do horrible things.It hurts you, the only one who ever loved me.Who knows what I really am.No. It’s not the monster. It’s me. I am the whore.I dig my nails into your soft flesh until it bleeds.I am the one pushing you away, feasting on your kindness. I blame those hard punches of my past for my infidelity. Those cruel hands. Those hateful words. I try not to, I really do. I try to be a better person.But how can I if I am just nobody?You know why I leave. Yet you stay. You’re there when I’m back.With your sorrow and cry and resentment and wrath.Why?If I’m broken because of my pain what’s your excuse?Why do you keep letting me treat you like a stray dog?Don’t you have any respect for yourself?What the fuck is wrong with you?And just when I think I have my own slave for life you break the circle. You shut the door with a grimace of relief.You can’t look at me anymore. See, you’re finally free!My inner innocent girl is happy for you. But the monster inside kicks and laughs at me.I’m left alone.I dress up and go hunting.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|You are theremedy of intensityi need in my life, tospin me out of themiserable monotonyof working on life'sdaily assemblylines.
Rachel Carson, The Sea Around Us|With these surface waters, through a series of delicately adjusted, interlocking relationship, the life of all parts of the sea is linked. What happens to a diatom in the upper, sunlit strata of the sea may well determine what happens to a cod lying on a ledge of some rocky canyon a hundred fathoms below, or to a bed of multicolored, gorgeously plumed seaworms carpeting an underlying shoal. or to a prawn creeping over the soft oozes of the sea floor in the balckness of mile-deep water.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|To truly love ourselves, we must challenge our beliefs that we need to be different or better.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|As soon as we ask whether or not a story is true in the present moment, we empower ourselves to re-frame it.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Maybe what we really need is to change our relationship to what is, to see who we are with the strength of a generous spirit & a wise heart.
Sanhita Baruah|I asked myself only when he needed my help, "How will the broken heal the wounded?
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|When people have different ideas about which of these four modes of interacting applies to a current relationship, the result can range from blank incomprehension to acute discomfort or outright hostility. Think abut a dinner guest offering to pay the host for her meal, a person barking an order to a friend, or an employee helping himself to a shrimp off the boss' plate. Misunderstandings in which one person thinks of a transaction in terms of Equality Matching and another thinks in terms of Market Pricing are even more pervasive and can be even more dangerous. They tap into very different psychologies, one of them intuitive and universal, the other rarefied and learned, and clashes between them have been common in economic history.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Until we begin to question our basic assumptions about ourselves and view them as fluid, not fixed, it’s easy to repeat established patterns and, out of habit, reenact old stories that limit our ability to live and love ourselves with an open heart.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Better Associations:If you associate yourself with a change maker,Your life will by all means become better.You will wink at challenges and begin to think.In times of frustrations, you will not sink.If you miss the way to a great destination,Just look for those going to that direction.Mount the shoulders of a giant believerAnd you will become a great achiever.People around you determine your speed.They will influence the growth of your seed.People you are around will decide your strengthAnd also the figure of your success’ lengthI trust you want to become a better you.It matters, what your associates plan to do.It depends, where your companions want to go.It relies on what your friends believe and know.Quit friendships that build you nothingChoose friends who bring out of you somethingOne iron sharpens another ironGo along with great people and ride on.
Sanhita Baruah|Sometimes, he gets on my nerves;At other times, I burn the ladder.
Alexis Tiger|Relationships are messy and painful, and hard to maintain. It takes time build, but only seconds to destroy.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Cultivating loving kindness for ourselves is the foundation of real love for our friends and family, for new people we encounter in our daily lives, for all beings and for life itself.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party: Part 2|You can only feel love to the extent in which you love yourself. If you deficiently love yourself, you will never believe that another person could truly love you. If you overly love yourself, no one’s love will be good enough, and the world will seem pale and cold.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party: Part 2|Hopefully not by sad experience, you will find that some interactions most private, can be the coldest and most closed off, and some interactions seemingly common or casual can be the most intimate.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we experience inner impoverishment, love for another too easily becomes hunger: for reassurance, for acclaim, for affirmation of our worth.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Love is a living capacity within us that is always present, even when we don’t sense it.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Sanskrit has different words to describe love for a brother or sister, love for a teacher, love for a partner, love for one’s friends, love of nature, and so on. English has only one word, which leads to never-ending confusion.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When our focus is on seeking, perfecting, or clinging to romance, the charge is often generated by instability, rather than by an authentic connection with another person.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Real Love may run on a lower voltage, but it’s also more grounded & sustainable.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|From our first breath to our last, we’re presented again and again with the opportunity to experience deep, lasting, and trans-formative connection with other beings: to love them and be loved by them; to show them our true natures and to recognize theirs.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Buddhist teachings discourage us from clinging and grasping to those we hold dear, and from trying to control the people or the relationship. What’s more, we’re encouraged to accept the impermanence of all things: the flower that blooms today will be gone tomorrow, the objects we possess will break or fade or lose their utility, our relationships will change, life will end.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Whatever language we use use to describe healthy relationships, when we’re in them, we feel nourished by them, in body as well as mind.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|Throughout the empire, it was whispered that although the husband waded through mud, the wife walked upon water. She, it was said, was graced with a gentle touch which tamed the most vicious of men.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we constantly hear that we should be smarter, better connected, more productive, wealthier—it takes real courage to claim the time and space to follow the currents of our talents, our aspirations, and our hearts, which may lead in a very different direction.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|The sun still lives his silent vows to the moon, by bowing to kiss her feet whenever she walks in the room.
Germany Kent|If it comes, let it come. If it goes, it's ok, let it go. Let things come and go. Don't let anything disturb your peace. Stay calm and carry on.
Germany Kent|If it comes, let it come. If it goes, it's ok, let it go. Let things come and go. Stay calm, don't let anything disturb your peace, and carry on.
Alaric Hutchinson|Love is not the answer, peace is. Throughout my whole life I have experienced and seen others use love as a reason to treat people with unkindness by being controlling, jealous, shouting in anger, and projecting guilt and shame. If you love someone but there is not peace in your heart when you think of that person then your work is not done. Do not stop at love, continue all the way towards the freedom of inner peace. Love starts when peace begins. Without peace love is simply a mask for our insecurity, judgment, and egoic attachments.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|Listen, Google,’ I will say, ‘both John and Paul are courting me. I like both of them, but in a different way, and it’s so hard to make up my mind. Given everything you know, what do you advise me to do?’And Google will answer: ‘Well, I know you from the day you were born. I have read all your emails, recorded all your phone calls, and know your favourite films, your DNA and the entire history of your heart. I have exact data about each date you went on, and if you want, I can show you second-by-second graphs of your heart rate, blood pressure and sugar levels whenever you went on a date with John or Paul. If necessary, I can even provide you with accurate mathematical ranking of every sexual encounter you had with either of them. And naturally enough, I know them as well as I know you. Based on all this information, on my superb algorithms, and on decades’ worth of statistics about millions of relationships – I advise you to go with John, with an 87 per cent probability of being more satisfied with him in the long run.Indeed, I know you so well that I also know you don’t like this answer. Paul is much more handsome than John, and because you give external appearances too much weight, you secretly wanted me to say “Paul”. Looks matter, of course; but not as much as you think. Your biochemical algorithms – which evolved tens of thousands of years ago in the African savannah – give looks a weight of 35 per cent in their overall rating of potential mates. My algorithms – which are based on the most up-to-date studies and statistics – say that looks have only a 14 per cent impact on the long-term success of romantic relationships. So, even though I took Paul’s looks into account, I still tell you that you would be better off with John.
Aziz Gazipura, The Solution To Social Anxiety: Break Free From The Shyness That Holds You Back|... you might go to great lengths to avoid disappointing the people in your life, as I did for many years in relationships. The problem with this approach, however, is that it sets an impossible standard. Disappointment is inevitable in all relationships. It is impossible for two people to have the exact same feelings and desires all of the time. Inevitably, someone will want something, and the other person will not. A natural response to not getting something that we want is disappointment.As long as we avoid disappointing others at any cost to our ourselves, we will never feel truly safe and connected in our relationships. We will always have that nagging fear that if we were to disappoint them, they would be gone. This is a fine razor's edge to walk along. It can be incredibly freeing and relaxing to acknowledge that you will disappoint people in your life, and that they will disappoint you.
Russ Ramsey, Struck: One Christian's Reflections on Encountering Death|I, the infirm, find myself caring for the sorrows and fears of the well.
Virginia Alison|All women are lifelong members of the Secret Service...So, if you must lie, better make sure you cover your tracks because there is no such thing as a 'dumb blonde'...
Nanette Mathews|Discover a deep, healthy love for yourself....Relationships are meant to complement your life not complete it. If you're unable to bring a healthy sense of self-love into them you will always be seeking validation and end up disappointed by your expectations of others.
Nanette Mathews|If you have to chase, beg, or plot for love....It will run away at the next "best" offer.
Madeleine Brent, Stranger at Wildings|Ah, Chantal... Now I think I know how it feels to fly on a trapeze.
Yaganesh Derasari|Relation is when each have Same words to speak, Conversation will be Awesome.
Danielle Evans, Before You Suffocate Your Own Fool Self|I want to wake Chrissie and tell her this as if it's a warning: Don't push too hard; your last chance to see a person the way you wanted them to be may come at any moment. One minute you have a parent, or a friend, or a lover, something solid, and physics tells you their resistance will always be there to meet you as you press yourself into relief against them. Then all of a sudden your mother is a fading outline in a thunderstorm, wet and weak and so far out of reach; or your lover who may also be your best and only friend is pulled so quickly into someone else's life that you don't even realize he's left yours until you're getting a save-the-date card; or your father is somewhere at the end of the world and even if you had a number for him, you'd feel wrong calling to tell him to quit collecting stuff when it's painfully clear you have nothing to offer to replace it. But I don't wake Chrissie because she's sleeping like a baby, and anyway, she isn't a baby and she doesn't need me to tell her what it is to watch somebody let you down by being human in the saddest and neediest ways, what it is to push at something that has long since given way.
Ken Donaldson, Marry YourSelf First! Companion Workbook|You're either living on purpose or living accidentally, so live ON purpose WITH purpose!
Alain de Botton, The Consolations of Philosophy|Everyone endeavours to eliminate through the other individual his own weaknesses, defects, and deviations from the type, lest they be perpetuated or even grow into complete abnormalities in the child which will be produced.
Sameer  Khan|The bait we set, never truly entraps the love, but lust.
J.A. ANUM|When she bites my lips,I see stars dancing right next to the sun.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that many people will intentionally overlook all of the lifeless facts about their relationship with their significant other, just because they do not want to go through the trouble of breaking up, because it's safe, because other people expect it of them, because there is a fear of being alone... and in the process of doing this, they miss out on the life that is meant for them. Our lives must not be lived to be safe, to be out of trouble, to meet the expectations of others, and to avoid fear. On the contrary, our lives must be lived with courage, which can only be present if there is fear; our lives must be lived for what we know in our hearts is for us, not for what other people believe is for us; our lives must be lived even when it is not safe and even when things are troublesome. To die in full knowledge that you have pleased everyone safely, or to die in full knowledge that you seized what you knew was meant for you -- which way do you choose to die? Because that is the way you must choose to live!
Renae A. Sauter|You gave me a soul touch. A touch beyond physical. The most powerful of touch. I thought it was about you but I was wrong it was about me. In me. It took me a lifetime to realize it was me, not you. Thank you for showing me my soul.
Robin Sacredfire|When people talk about destiny, they tend to forget that it isn’t deprived from free will, free will to both accept it or destroy it. If you were meant to find love and then hurt the person that loves you back, you’ve just exercised your free will against destiny, and that destiny, that brought that person to you, will now use the exact same force to pull such person away from you. You cannot violate the spiritual laws of the universe. You will always pay a heavy price for being ignorant about this fact. You have the free will to do whatever you wish in the paradise of life, but only as long as you don’t violate the sacred rules, when eating the fruit of selfishness, the tree of good and evil. That need to explore discernment will cost you your happiness, and expel you from the paradise destined to you.
Darnell Lamont Walker|The relationship was perfect, but I hated everything about the person I became.
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|and tonight we held each other, one last time,like a dance to aslow songon an empty floor, underneath a singledisco ballin front of no oneat all
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|Two kinds ofpeople will love you:those who confessit, and those whoshow you, likecards on a table,because love isa gamble
Robin Sacredfire|It is still because of our self-image that we tend to forget answers that may jeopardize our future at crucial moments, or to communicate words that offend who we love the most when we believe we don’t deserve the love of another person.
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|AdiosHer pretty picturelying on theground was likethe topplingof somefascistregimeAnd burningthe photograph,was thecelebration
Erik Pevernagie|When relationships lose their pitch through lack of interest and become stale or unbearable through enduring stealthy backbiting, the emotional house of cards is under attack. A painstaking reshuffle, however, may brand a new choice of life and create energy for positive thinking, whereas remaining bogged down in dispiriting situations and staying clogged up with immaterial hassle may only spawn forlorn deadlocks.. ("Mes cliques et mes claques")
John Shelton Jones, Awakening Kings and Princes Volume I: Sacred Knowledge to Nourish the Mentality, Support Spiritual Growth, Learning the Light, and Progressing to Become a Master Lover While Embracing Desire|Ultimately, a woman’s nature loves the desire to be desired, a passionate and uncontrollable desire. Sometimes it comes with a sacrifice or greater investment than usual.
Malak El Halabi|You taste like the last drop of whiskeyat 3 amafter a lousy daylike the first gulp of coffee on a Monday sipped behind a deskhot and bitterlike the burning at the back of the throatafter the first cigaretteYou taste, boy oh boy, like my next mistake.
Shannon L. Alder|Closure /klōZHər/ Noun1. The thing women tell you what they want, but secretly they really want you to tell them why you don’t want them again, so they can try one last time to convince you that you were wrong. 2. The warped mentality that having someone tell you honestly why they don’t want you is going to somehow make you feel peace, so you can move on.3. The neat packaging of finishing conversations because you have been stewing over it insecurely about the length of what a stalker does. 4. The one thing women don’t give themselves because if they didn’t care about the jerk they wouldn’t still be hanging onto another conversation that tells them what they already know: He just isn’t that interested in you.5. The anal retentive art of perfecting every ending with meaning, rather than just excepting you went through something rather sucky and he doesn’t care.6. The act of closing something with someone, when in reality you should slam the door.
Shannon  Perry, Ad Eundum Quo Nemo Ante iit:: A Carmina Collectio|So while I was busy saving you from Hell,you were pushing me further to it; the poison murdering me well.
Michael Robbins|Something must bevery wrong,' it said,and I agreed,although it turned outthe author meant that 'no theoryof physics should produceinfinities with impunity.'I’d point out that every theoryof the heartproduces infinitieswith impunityif I were the kind of jerkwho uses the heartto mean the humantendency to makeothers sufferjust because wehate to sufferalone. I’m sorryI brought a fitted sheetto the beach. I’m sorry I’m selfish and determinedto make the worstof everything. I’msorry language is a ship that goes downwhile you’re building it.The Hesychasts of Byzantiumstripped their prayersof words. It’s been triedwith poems too. But insofaras I am a disappointment to myself and others, it seems fittingto set up shop in almost and not quite and that’s not what I meant. I draw the line at the heart,though, with itsinfinities.
Karon Waddell|When someone says you've changed, it's because you are no longer willing to live your life their way
Anonymous|Take caution when declaring war because you may believe it will be easy, but war will always end in despair.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|If you ever want to know how a man truly feels about you, do absolutely nothing. Then you'll have your answer.
Nabil N. Jamal|The best relationship is not one that brings together perfect partners, but rather one in which the partners learn to live with the differences, imperfections and objections of one another, and seek to appreciate the good qualities that make this relationship worth building on in order to survive better together.
Yaganesh Derasari|Everyone knows that how to love, But every relationship do not come out as romeo and Juliet.
Teresa Lo, The Sugar Baby Club|I thought it would feel empowering to just sleep with whomever I wanted to, but I wasn’t built that way. I just wasn’t honest enough with myself to know that at the time.
Malak El Halabi|Relationships are like walls painted off-white and every time you’ll hurt me, it will be like resting dirty shoes on them, like bashing holes in the walls, one after the other. And then there will come a day, where the walls will be filled with so many holes, that there wouldn’t be any place left for you to place the tiniest kiss. Only then will I walk away for good.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Depending on the strength of the relationship, level of communication and one’s tolerance for discord, many people are able to get past normal skirmishes unscathed.
Teresa Lo, The Sugar Baby Club|My name is Jasmine Lewis, and this is my story. It’s a cautionary tale about money, sex, and power, but I guess those words are redundant. Money is always about sex and power. And sex is always about power. And why have power if you can’t have sex and money?But anyway, this is a story about money, sex, and power. This is the story of The Sugar Baby Club.
Malak El Halabi|Our mornings were never "rise and shine." They were "rise and fight." They were loud and ravaging. They were heavy and unnerving, like the after-math of a war, with unresolved territorial disputes. They were never serene, but they were beautiful. More beautiful than the smile you wear when you step out of the shower, more tempting than the sight of you brewing coffee from across the kitchen bar, more promising than a glorious victory, bigger than all our tumultuous past. Bigger than you. Bigger than I.
Malak El Halabi|-Do you want me to leave?-Yes-Do you want me to stay?-Yes-Do you love me?-Yes-Do you want me?-No-Then leave me-I can't-Then stay with me-I can't, I can't, I can't*Equation of a fucked up relationship
Sunday Adelaja|When relationship is gone, the strength for life is gone and there is no more energy to live
Najwa Zebian, Mind Platter|Don’t tell me what I want to hear. Tell me the truth. It may hurt, but it definitely won’t hurt more than the feeling that I was told something out of pity, not out of honesty. If you mean it, say it. If you don’t, keep your words until the right person is standing in front of you. If words are said too many times, they become cheap, and I only deserve to hear what is valuable
Rosalyn D'Mello, A Handbook for My Lover|You, too, were supposed to be a one-night stand. A quick fix. A conquest. A ten-line poem in my grand anthology of lovers.But you altered the narrative, you marked your territory on my timeline o that as I look back, I find I can neatly divide my more recent past into two unequal halves: before you and after.
Nikki Rowe|Honour the way a stranger can make sense in your world. Most people have been around for years without shaking our core & then one small instant in time, we cross paths with that one person who before them we didn't know what we were exactly looking for. Over 6 billion people I share this planet with and I've only felt that soul shaking, jaw dropping connection 4 times. Believe me when I say it's rare and you definitely owe it to yourself to honour it.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|It was strange, because she always felt that she hid herself from Erika, that she was more 'herself' with her 'true' friends, where the friendship flowed in an ordinary, uncomplicated, grown-up fashion (emails, phone calls, drinks, dinners, banter and jokes that everyone got), but right now it felt like none of those friends knew her the raw, ugly, childish, basic way that Erika did.
Sanhita Baruah|I wish not to tell you how I feel,I choose silence so that you leave,Kiss me goodbye and set me free...
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|Some relationships require you have a big appetite. Chances are, at some point, you may have to swallow your pride, eat your words, lick your wounds, and stomach a lot of nonsense. While a little humble pie never hurt anyone you do have control over how much of this menu you get served and can always decide when you've had your fill.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The right, real and good connection between things produces the right, real and good things.
Rosalyn D'Mello, A Handbook for My Lover|I feel the ground slipping under my feet, and just as I am about to fall off the precipice, you draw out a rope and pull me into the safety net of your embrace. That's the thing - I can never trust you to rescue me, and yet you do. Unfailingly.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|Toxic' was actually an accurate description of the feelings Clementine had so often felt in Erika's presence: the intense aggravation she had to work so hard to resist and conceal, the disappointment with herself, because Erika wasn't evil or cruel or stupid, she was simply annoying, and Clementine's response to her annoyingness was so completely disporportionate, it embarassed and confounded her. Erika loved Clementine. She'd do anything for her. So why did she inflame Clementine so? It was like she was allergic to her.
DaShanne Stokes|Blood can help make family, but family often transcends blood.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|I have known both of you all your lives, have carried your Daddy in my arms and on my shoulders, kissed and spanked him and watched him learn to walk. I don’t know if you’ve known anybody from that far back; if you’ve loved anybody that long, first as an infant, then as a child, then as a man, you gain a strange perspective on time and human pain and effort. Other people cannot see what I see whenever I look into your father’s face, for behind your father’s face as it is today are all those other faces which were his. Let him laugh and I see a cellar your father does not remember and a house he does not remember and I hear in his present laughter his laughter as a child. Let him curse and I remember him falling down the cellar steps, and howling, and I remember, with pain, his tears, which my hand or your grandmother’s so easily wiped away. But no one’s hand can wipe away those tears he sheds invisibly today, which one hears in his laughter and in his speech and in his songs.
Jo Walton, Among Others|I'm only fifteen. I'm not sure I ever want to get married. I'm neither messing around while waiting nor looking for some "real thing". What I want is much more complicated. I want somebody to talk about books, who would be my friend, and why couldn't we have sex as well if we wanted to? (And used contraception.) I'm not looking for romance. Lord Peter and Harriet would seem a pretty good model to me. I wonder if Wim has read Sayers?
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|But say he forgets about me or meets someone else or pretends I don't exist.I look at her and then at Trini and Raffy."Teresa, Teresa. Have we taught you nothing?" Raffy says in an irritated voice. "It's war. You go in and you hunt him down until he realises that he's made a mistake"Teresa looks hopeful."It's not as if men haven't gone to war for dumber reasons" Trini adds.
Ruth Klüger, Still Alive: A Holocaust Girlhood Remembered|I fell on my feet and found my bearings because of these. I could talk to them. They listened and answered, for or against, but always weighing what they had heard, unlike my mother, who used language for manipulation, not to express an opinion or state a fact. What sounded like a fact might be a lie, and every opinion was tailored for the moment.
Shannon L. Alder|Every broken heart has screamed at one time or another, "I want to know why!
Izey Victoria Odiase|3 Types of People You Will Encounter. Those who:1) Promise and Deliver,2) Under-promise and Over-deliver,3) Over-promise and Under-deliver.
Uma Shanker|The grass remains green only as long as you water it. Similarly, a relationship remains fresh only as long as you nurture it with love.
Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan|That is the worst of women. They always want one to be good. And if we are good, when they meet us, they don't love us at all. They like to find us quite irretrievably bad, and to leave us quite unattractively good.
Auliq Ice|Love always doesn't come across as bad, but it always has two sides.
Robin Sacredfire|People use masks in public and then wonder why their personal life, their relationships, don't work. If you're not being honest with others, there's nothing real about yourself to learn and, the wider the gap, the deeper the suffering. The heart wasn't meant to be closed in a box made of fake feelings and thoughts.
Clarice Lispector, Near to the Wild Heart|It was darker, all she could see of him was a shadow. He was fading more and more, slipping through her hands, dead at the bottom of sleep.
Robin Sacredfire|There’s a reason for the word heartbeat not be called beat of heart. The perfect woman only needs a good beat. The heart will follow. Emotions, when put in equilibrium with reason, create more miracles than any emotion, no matter how strong, deprived from reason. This is why it’s much easier to love a woman that can play the drums or any other instrument with rhythm, than one that believes in unreasonable magic, simply because there’s more magic in reason than in the lack of it. You see, loving someone that you truly want to love, someone you admire, someone you want to spend your time with, helping, sharing and growing together, makes much more sense than expecting someone to love you for no reason than your will, needs and desires. And when humans understand this, they will understand love, find it easily and never lose it again.
H.J. Bellus, The Big O|I’m twenty-four, a first grade teacher, have a Yorkie named Pedro, a goldfish named Fish, have never had sex, or a serious boyfriend, and I’m the town lesbian who pukes when she sees a pussy. Nothing really to be jealous of at all.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|I was so tired. I just wanted to curl up with someone, anyone, even him, and sleep until work on Monday. I wanted to feel someone’s, anyone’s, hands on me, even if it was in that way I hate, the fingers all over my face and jaw.
Dr. Deborah Hecker|When your partner overreacts 1st try to understand their “hot spot” before overreacting; otherwise you lose your ability to think clearly, communicate effectively and the cycle continues.
Paul Bradley Smith|The strength of our digital ‪community‬ is derived by the ‪relationships‬ we build over time by connecting, sharing and engaging our successes as well as our failures. This creates extraordinary opportunities because we are‪ ‎human‬ and carry a unique trait called ‪empathy‬ that naturally wants to add value and help others
Temitayo Olami|Dear lover, pull my ears and not my legs for it is better to be cautioned than to be lied to.
Ufuoma Apoki|One great concern that plagues very ambitious people is this: in the end, they’ll get all the precious things they ever dreamed of and every precious accomplishment most expected and conceived they’d achieve . . . but on that path of ambition, they’d lose precious moments with the most precious people they’ve come across. However, they forge ahead on that path hoping, somehow, they might make up for it, sometime, in future.
Robin Sacredfire|Despite the experiences that put me in the spotlight as the co-creator of my wisdom, the human part of me keeps burning, like an alchemical process that I both accept and want to refuse. You see, it's hard when I notice women falling in love with me, and then destroying everything at the same time. And so, I'm changing the world as much as this world is changing me. The two things are inseparable.
Robin Sacredfire|Very often it seems that people assume that by cutting the wings of others, it becomes easier to love them. They know so little about love that end up creating a perception of love that is devilish and demoniacal. And I end with no other choice but to remain single and let them go.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|But I had no idea who this person might be, or who any of the people might be who sat at that table and watched me at the door and claimed to have feelings not exactly for me, but at me.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|I didn't know what to say. I knew I had a big choice to make. I could let it all go and try to love him, try to trust him, try to make something lasting and good. He obviously had strong feelings for me or about me. And he wasn't being so bad right now. We could build something sturdy, beautiful. Or I could try to make a dash for the door by crawling under the dining room table.There was a good chance that he would kill me later either way.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|his mother, who had never been able to manage him, sent him to school to get rid of him, lamented his absence till he returned, then writhed and fretted under his presence until again he went.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|And as he leaned in to kiss me, my eye saw his open mouth grow larger and larger until it seemed it could swallow me whole.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|It seemed as though, being the only two people in this small, closed-in space, we couldn't help but have a relationship, and if we couldn't help but have a relationship, I felt that it was important to be upset now so that he would not shift the blame to me in the future.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|There was nothing else I could do but say sorry myself. His apology had left a residue in me, a residue on my thinking, and continuing on in this house without saying it would be entirely awkward. It would turn the small space toxic. So I said it, though I tried to lessen the potency of the apology by mumbling.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|I left the room before I could figure out exactly what bothered me about his response. Was it the way it seemed to assume a future for the two of us? A future in which I would continue to be unable to leave this house? Was it the presumption that I was making a cake for him when, really, I had no idea why I was making a cake at all?
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|There had been times when I thought I might be with you indefinitely, something approaching an entire life. But then when there was only a finite amount of time, a thing we could both see the limit of, I wasn't so sure.
Jenna Alatari|Relationships are like gardening. If you don't water the plants, they die.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|This feeling of lessening disturbance, coming from within myself, unexpected, was profoundly disturbing. As I sat still, growing less and less alarmed by the situation, I knew that I had to move fast, as fast and as far as I could within this small, cramped house.
C. JoyBell C.|If we were all looking for something 'easy come and easy go', then all of our lives would be easy. The problem is that we look for something real, don't we? And it is this longing for what is real, that makes finding the right person to be the most difficult task in the world. You can marry someone and promise the rest of your life to the person, only to find out later that this person makes you feel lonely. If we had no innate longing for true love and for true partnership, then none of us would have any problems! Therefore, the most frightening question to ponder upon, is, 'what if true love does not exist; what if the real stuff isn't real at all?' In such a case, life would be meaningless. I suppose I would rather believe in love relentlessly, than live in this world meaninglessly.
Shannon L. Alder|It really is quite simple. All women really want is to be needed, valued and loved above anyone else and they will make you a keeper. It's your actions she is paying attention to, not your words.
Steve Maraboli|On Valentine’s Day, we are reminded what our relationships could be like the other 364.
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Until you get enough of what you’re going through, no matter what advice a person gives you, you’ll continue to go through the same thing. Constant arguing. Constant fighting. Constant lies. Constant disappointments. Constant emotional rollercoaster. Constant heartbreak. Constant headaches. Constant threats. Constantly fighting for his attention and love. Constantly looking through his phone. Constantly sneaking through his personal belongings. Constantly arguing and/or fighting with other women over who’s supposed to be YOUR mate. Secretly checking up on him due to a lack of trust. Listen, NOBODY is worth your inner peace! What I’ve listed above is NOT a relationship. It’s a toxic mess. So, what are you going to do?
Staci Bartley, A Dose Of Love: Simple words of wisdom for creating more love and less fear in your relationships.|If love was absent, you would not feel disappointed; you would feel indifferent.
Staci A. Welch-Bartley|When things are falling apart, know they are actually falling into place.
Timothy Joshua|But he knew she was a star, and he, only human. He was never meant to reach the stars - he could only admire them from afar.
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|Saul is as different from Simon Wakefield as it's possible to get, I find myself thinking. And Edward Monkford is utterly different from both of them. It seems incredible that Emma could have had relationships with all three men. Where Simon's eager to please, but also touchy and insecure, and Edward's calm and super-confident, Saul is pushy and brash and loud. He also has a habit of saying 'Yeah?' aggressively at the end of his sentences, as if trying to force me to agree with him.
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|And when I realized you had secrets too, I was glad. I thought we could be honest with each other. That we could finally rid ourselves of all the clutter from our past. Not our possessions, but the stuff we carry around inside our heads. Because that's what I've realized, living in One Folgate Street. You can make your surroundings as polished and empty as you like. But it doesn't really matter if you're still messed up inside. And that's all anyone's looking for really, isn't it? Someone to take care of the mess inside our heads?
bell hooks, Communion: The Female Search for Love|Significantly, romantic friendships can coexist with the fact of partners' marrying because their reason for being is not to replace marriage but to open the possibility of sustained, committed true love existing among friends, and not just same-sex friends. No matter that our chosen relationship commitments change. Those of us who have long-term romantic friendships, some that have lasted longer than any of our marriages or partnerships, do not fear that these commitments will falter if we create primary bonds.
Staci Bartley, A Dose Of Love: Simple words of wisdom for creating more love and less fear in your relationships.|Relationships take skill, not perfection or luck!
bell hooks, Communion: The Female Search for Love|Young girls often feel strong, courageous, highly creative, and powerful until they begin to receive undermining sexist messages that encourage them to conform to conventional notions of femininity. To conform they have to give up power.
Vironika Tugaleva|The important thing is for me to feel love towards my fellow human beings—and sometimes, that has to be at a distance.
Joy Williams, Taking Care|Katherine feels that she must have learned something about marriage from being married before that is now working to her benefit. However, she doesn't know quite what it is, or how, actually, it works.
Steve Maraboli|I'm water... If you're oil, we'll clash. If you're a flower, I'll nourish you. If you're a light, I'll reflect you. If you can't swim, you'll drown in me. If you're up for adventure, I'm endless entertainment. I'm just being me. If we don't fit, it's not my fault, nor yours. You be you. I'll be me.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Cheating is pure hypocrisy. Our partner deserves better than that. If we don’t love someone, we should not be with them. That would also be hypocrisy.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Respect everyone who crosses your path, even if you feel they don't deserve it.
Joe Jordan, Sharpen Your Life: 52 Strategic Moments to Create a Lifetime of Success|One of the greatest ways you can affirm value in another person is by giving them the gift of your undivided attention, the kind of attention that says, “I hear what you are saying because I value who you are.” You don’t have to agree with someone to show them their value as a person. Listening demonstrates that any person you meet is worthy of your respect and attention.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Direct lies, small lies, huge lies, and lies of omission… these are all self-serving and sources of self-destruction.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|If you lack open communication and honesty in your life – It’s time to look within. Are you someone who handles heavy, emotional, or tough information well or do you often get excessively agitated, upset, or depressed? My rule of thumb is that no topic ‘should’ ever be off limits with a loved one. That is the goal to work towards. The point being, if you’re easy to talk to, people will talk to you! If you’re not, then they won’t!
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Most single people are sick of married people presenting themselves as both available and interested, when indeed they are merely “playing.” Oh, yeah… and cheating. Gee, that is attractive. Not! Others could not care less what someone’s marital status might be.
Carlo Rovelli, Seven Brief Lessons on Physics|Once again, the world seems to be less about objects than about interactive relationships.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|We never want to be taken for granted, but our partners should be able to expect our honest loyalty. That is a powerfully strong foundation block for a relationship. I want to meet the greatest expectations, without being the greatest fraud.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|In truth, if it isn’t to save your life when it’s in imminent danger, someone yelling at you is just plain wrong. The same is true for ranting or bitching. The same goes double for anything even close to manhandling.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|If a man or a woman starts “expecting” sex, then it is no longer special, and a lover will likely start to feel used.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|When we make the decisions to be and stay in love, we should also make a decision and commitment to be supportive.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|If we are sharing challenges and concerns, laughter and life stories, dreams and dramas with someone other than our mate, we are making precious, intimate connections with someone other than our mate. We need to keep not only physical, but emotional and intellectual connections strong and active with our beloved.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Should we “expect” our physical, sexual, intellectual, and emotional intimacies to automatically continue throughout a marriage? Nope. At least, not in my opinion. But I do think we should be able to expect both partners to protect and preserve the sanctity of these intimacies. That, to me, is part of honest loyalty.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Some people think that it’s okay to be downright nasty to people they love. It is not okay. Nasty is never called for, and it’s certainly not sweet, useful, nor positive.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Past misdeeds must only serve as a reference point in calm conversation about lessons learned or actions that taught us to behave better. They should never be bantered about with sarcasm, anger, or nastiness.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Appreciation and respect are mutual needs. We may be wired differently as men and women, but some needs are parallel human needs.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|It takes a strong woman to tolerate a weak man. That said, it takes a strong man to tolerate a weak woman, too.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Without trust, our relationships lack an essential ingredient for emotional intimacy. We need to be able to totally trust our partner with our deepest thoughts, dreams, fears, and secrets.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|It matters little which party has gotten lazy about delivering what their partner craves. It doesn’t take too many days or weeks for an unsatisfied partner to start to feel love-starved and sadly unfulfilled. If you want great sex in the bedroom, show love to each other outside the bedroom.
Staci A. Welch-Bartley|Love sucks sometimes. It can stretch you beyond what you feel you can endure. But you can, and you must get back to love and living!
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Some people believe that if they yell and scream, others will get the point of just how serious they are. For me, all I get is the point of just how out of control that someone is.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|If someone yells at me, they are not expressing love. They may be threatening me. They may be expressing great frustration with me. They may simply be trying to control my behavior. However, they are not communicating love.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|When we resort to screaming at someone, we are revealing weakness and a sense of helplessness. If we can’t seem to get our message or feelings across any other way, then we get angry, and we get loud!
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|In relationships, everyone makes mistakes. If you are forgiven for yours, don't take it for granted.
Vironika Tugaleva|Self-love is essential. Until you can learn how to feel loved in an empty room, you will not feel loved for very long in any other room.
Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney, The Nest|So the first time she and Leo combusted, she'd practically been poised for the breakup. In some inexplicable way, she'd been looking forward to it and all its attendant drama, because wasn't there something nearly lovely–when you were young enough–about guts churning and tear ducts being put to glorious overuse? She recognized the undeniable satisfaction of the first emotional fissure because an unraveling was still something grown-up and, therefore, life affirming. See? The broken heart signalled. I loved enough to lose; I felt enough to weep. Because when you were young enough, the stakes of love were so very small, nearly insignificant. How tragic could a breakup be when it was part of the fabric of expectation from the beginning? The hackneyed fights, the late-night phone calls, the indignant recounting for friends over multiple drinks and in earshot of an appropriately flirtatious bartender–it was theatre for a certain type of person . . . Until it wasn't.
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|David talked often about how discouraged or fearful he would become at times. Then he would interject these words, "But then I entered the sanctuary..." Being in God's presence affects all other relationships for the better. To have first seen her husband in prayer surely remained a cherish moment for Rebekah.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Last night you left me and sleptyour own deep sleep. Tonight you turnand turn. I say,‘You and I will be togethertill the universe dissolves.’You mumble back things you thought ofwhen you were drunk.
Elyn R. Saks, The Center Cannot Hold: My Journey Through Madness|Dropping in and out of your own life (for psychotic breaks, or treatment in a hospital) isn’t like getting off a train at one stop and later getting back on at another. Even if you can get back on (and the odds are not in your favor), you’re lonely there. The people you boarded with originally are far, far ahead of you, and now you’re stuck playing catch-up.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Be YOU. There is nothing sexier than someone who is confident enough to be themselves, quirks and all. It is often your unique nature that separates you from the crowd in the best way possible for your romantic match to notice you.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|When you walk around feeling quietly upset, frustrated, angry or some other negative emotion, people around you will detect it to some degree or another, even if only subconsciously.
Vironika Tugaleva|There is no quick fix-all procedure to heal your insecurities. Like any relationship, the relationship with yourself must be built and re-built one kind, loving conversation at a time.
Dennis Lehane, Prayers for Rain|Some ghost of myself still lived back in the days when we'd shared a bed and talked of the future. But that love we'd had and those selves we'd been were gone, placed in a box like old photographs and letters you'd never read again.
Oddný Eir, Land of Love and Ruins|Next I want to try living apart together, live in the same country, the same city, even the same building as whomever I'm in a relationship with, yet in a different apartment than him. Then it would be possible to pay him visits and still invite good friends over to my place. Do you think you have that it takes to maintain such a French arrangement? he asked. Well, no, probably not...but then again...? Maybe it would be better in the long run to stay in a more lasting relationship and not need to move so often.
Oddný Eir|Still, we've attempted to argue when necessary; you've got to be able to let loose and even lose your temper a bit if you're finding it hard to breathe. Closeness has to be like running water; it mustn't stagnate and sour.
Oddný Eir, Land of Love and Ruins|She said it was no use waiting for trust to come to you fully formed, and then go and create a life and home together; you just had to start living with the person you loved best, and trust would build over time.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|In a world where the larger majority of society is careless, it’s the small percentage of people who make the choice to be different and prioritize relationships that stand out.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Whatever you focus your mind on, you will consciously and subconsciously work towards.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Jealousy is when their reflection in the mirror that is your progress, is attacked rather than appreciated, begrudged rather than understood.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Full Cupboard of Life|She had never been able to tolerate dishonesty, which she thought threatened the very heart of relationships between people. If you could not count on other people to mean what they said, or to do what they said they would do, then life could become utterly unpredictable. The fact that we could trust one another made it possible to undertake the simple tasks of life.
Marybeth Niederkorn, Small Town Tales: Volume 1|All in all, he thought it was a bad idea to get involved with the woman investigating his ex's possible suicide with intent to haunt.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|It is one of the best traits of good people that they love where they pity. And this is truer of women than of men. So they get themselves drawn into situations that are harmful to them. I have seen this happen many, many times. I have always had trouble finding a way to caution against it. Since it is, in a word, Christlike
Ana Simons, Silent Signs|I took a deep intake of breath and gathered all my strength to unleash the arrogant, cold-hearted royal bitch who must hide somewhere in deeper layers of my being. We all must have one somewhere, and she should see the light of day sometimes.
Winston Graham, Jeremy Poldark|And what of this young woman beside him, whom he had loved devotedly for four years and still did love? She had given him more than Elizabeth ever could: months of unflawed relationship, unquestioning trust (which he was now betraying in thought) . Oh nonsense! What man did not at some time or another glance elsewhere? And who could complain if it remained at a glance? (Chance was a fine thing).
Karen Marie Moning, Feversong|Things we had, like respect and trust, but also freely expressed desires and accountability to whatever degree it took to make both people happy. It took work, a willingness to fight passionately and fairly--out of bed, not just in it--commitment and honesty. It took waking up and saying each day, "I hold this man sacred and always will. He's my sun, moon, and stars." It took letting the other person in; a thing I'd stopped doing. It took being unafraid to ask for what you wanted, to put yourself on the line, to risk it all for love.
Shannon L. Alder|Maybe, the question isn't who will look good by your side, who will make these days less dull, who will bring you the greatest financial benefit, who will be the one to bring you pleasure, who do you have the most in common with?.... Maybe, the question one should ask is who do you want at your side when you are dying?
Mary E. Pearson, The Beauty of Darkness|Words, Kaden. Only lost unsaid words that added up to good-bye.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|When you become aggressive in arguments, you force the other person to become defensive which means they’ll either get ready to fight you or ready to flee from you.
Shannon L. Alder|Empowering Women 101: If a normal man wants you he will let you know. You won't have to guess. He will move mountains to bring you into his life. If he is abnormal he will string you along, drop a trail of crumbs and clues for you to follow, in order to keep you guessing. This type of man desires you, but doesn't value you.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Within our emotions lie answers, truths and instructions.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Feeling your way to knowledge rather than thinking your way, often results in better learning.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|He was so far away now, or maybe he just looked distant because we were imaging different things for our future.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Anger usually only serves us, and even then, only very fleetingly.
Wayne W. Dyer|You can't expect to draw people into your life who are kind, confident, and generous if you're thinking and acting in cruel, weak, and selfish ways. You must be what it is that you're seeking— that is, you need to put forth what you want to attract.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Correctly identifying a negative emotion takes the brain out of fight-or-flight mode and into problem-solving mode, out of tension, anger and confusion and into ease, calm and clarity.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Our emotions affect the atmosphere around us, and other people, because emotions influence the electromagnetic field our heart emits.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|When people seem angry, sometimes they are simply upset and hurting. Asking the right questions helps them to work through it.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Introspection and observation of others are vital for the ongoing good health of our own psyche; watch, learn and tweak as required.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Be you, be true to your word, don't sell yourself short and don't waste your life worrying.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Empathy is easier than anger, in the long-run.
S.R. Crawford, Bloodstained Betrayal|OK then, picture daddy; whenever you’re afraid just close your eyes and picture me. I’ll be all that exists in your world and I promise to protect you.
S.R. Crawford, Bloodstained Betrayal|I still need you. Killer, boyfriend, friend, whatever…I need you in my life…if for nothing else, to show me that it’s OK to be broken. It’s OK for things not to be OK.
Archna Mohan|In any relationship I believe love should flow naturally . We cannot control it, make other person guilty or punish it to happen.Love need patience , acceptance and trust. For love to come we make a hard and fast rule on from where, who and we chase it. Love flow naturally.When you feel scarcity of love , you need to be patience , big hearted, whole. Remain in your own love zone do not push, control because love is natural. You cannot ask or demand for it.We might not get the people who we want us to love but there are people who will step in and they can see the light or flow of our love as it is.We do not need to transform anyone, we need to know our love towards ourselves and how it flows in others.When resistance is not there, when openness comes in a relationship . We bend, we are flexible and we trust our loving nature . We become less depended on what other is giving us. We do get fair love and acceptance too.
Chanda Kaushik|We are often let down by the most trusted people and loved by the most unexpected ones. Some make us cry for things that we haven't done, while others ignore our faults and just see our smile. Some leave us when we need them the most, while some stay with us even when ask them to leave. The world is a mixture of people. We just need to know which hand to shake and which hand to hold! After all that's life, learning to hold on and learning to let go.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|How we care for ourselves gives our brain messages that shape our self-worth so we must care for ourselves in every way, every day.
Kemi Sogunle, Beyond the Pain by Kemi Sogunle|If you spend time judging and criticizing people, you will not have time to heal from your pain or brokenness. You cannot love yourself when you judge or criticize others who are created in God's image and after His Likeness...in which you are also created. Love cannot operate from a space of pain. Love and hurt cannot reside in the same space.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|Tell me, is there someone in your life who's been sharing your life too closely? A friend or a loved one? Is there someone who's been taking up your time and not giving any of it back?
Sam Owen|When you lack self-esteem, people you encounter can feel it like an invisible barrier separating them from you; conversely, confidence helps people to feel connected to you.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|If you emulate the behaviours of confident people, you will help yourself to become confident.
Aziz Ansari, Modern Romance|In today's romantic climate, many people are plagued by what we will call "the upgrade problem". Singles constantly wonder whether there is a better match, an upgrade.
Aziz Ansari, Modern Romance|The interesting thing about text is that, as a medium, it separates you from the person you are speaking with, so you can act differently from how you would in person or even on the phone.
Sam Owen|In a world of increasing fakery, genuine people are the sexiest.
Carrie Fisher, The Princess Diarist|To make him important in one’s life requires an overactive imagination. Unfortunately, mine never knows when to quit.
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|Love is as much a question of the will as it is of the emotion. And if you will to love somebody, you can. - Ravi Zacharias' brother
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Know your worth so you know when to say, “Yes”, and when to say, “Thank you but no thank you.
Colette McBeth|It's that knowledge that sustains you through tough times, the certainty that you will always be less without each other than you are together.
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|In the early days of marriage, joy precedes the act. Tragically, as the years go by joy can be severed from the act until finally, the act itself is no more. This ought not to be. Over time it is the companionship that brings joy, and service is the natural outworking of the joy of commitment. Failure to act kills it.
Sandeep Sahajpal|If I was to sum up over three decades of togetherness with my better-half in one word, the only one that comes to my mind is ‘fulfilment’!
Sarah Schulman, Conflict Is Not Abuse: Overstating Harm, Community Responsibility, and the Duty of Repair|Confusing being mortal with being threatened can occur in any realm. The fact that something could go wrong does not mean that we are in danger. It means we are alive. Mortality is the sign of life. In the most intimate and personal of arenas, many of us have love and trusted someone who violated that trust. So when someone else comes along who intrigues us, whose interests we share, who we enjoy being with, with whom there could b some mutual enrichment and understanding, that does not mean that we are being violated again. Experiencing anxiety does not mean that anyone is doing anything to us that is unjust.
Carrie Fisher|Suzanne sat in Roger's chair, staring at the reflection of her dread morning face. Roger browsed his cassette rack. "Do you want calming or stimulating?" he asked her. Suzanne mulled it over for a few moments. It was a question she had asked herself about men.
Sandeep Sahajpal|A ‘complete man’ has a regret that he cannot bear a baby; whereas it is rather ironic that a self-styled ‘complete woman’ takes pride in denouncing that divine blessing. In fact, there is nothing like a ‘complete man’, only woman can be ‘complete’!
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Confident people generally handle people with respect, compassion and integrity.
Kathleen Rooney, Lillian Boxfish Takes a Walk|All right, all right," he said, with that gesture I'd come to hate: two open palms facing me and patting the air, as if pushing me away, pushing me down, pushing any tears I might be preparing to cry back into their ducts.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|When you’re confident in what you have to say, you don’t need to add effect.
Amanda Craig, A Vicious Circle|A hundred years ago, people had perfectly understood that you could die of a broken heart, now they thought you were making a fuss about nothing…Certain kinds of suffering are like radiation: they cause furious growth and mutation of the inner self.
Erik Pevernagie|Relationships may become wrecked by a quirky syndrome: the “Ain't broke, don't fix”-syndrome. When there is no interaction in the neural network and no breakthrough into the mind but only a shallow skin experience, living together might be very torturous. If a heartfelt bond has not been molded, nothing can be broken and thus nothing needs to be fixed. (“I wonder what went wrong.”)
Trevor Driggers|Have the courage to walk away, those that value you will want you back, & those that do not won't hold you back.
Claudia Gray, A Million Worlds with You|He takes my hand and says, 'Let's make a world.
Siobhan Vivian, The Last Boy and Girl in the World|It was just my reality, to never have a boy be interested in me romantically for more than one random moment. Like a TV show you don't like but you end up watching anyway, because there's nothing else on.
Erica E. Goode|Sibling relationships outlast marriages, survive the death of parents, resurface after quarrels that would sink any friendship. They flourish in a thousand incarnations of closeness and distance, warmth, loyalty and distrust.
Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World|His love for me seemed to overflow my limits by its flood of wealth and service. But my necessity was more for giving than foe receiving; for love is a vagabond, who can make his flowers bloom in the wayside dust, better than in the crystal jars kept in the drawing-room.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Love is the active concern for the life and the growth of that which we love. Where this active concern is lacking, there is no love.
Lalah Delia|Healing—takes time,and—so does—not healing.Chose—how you spend your time —wisely.
Yōko Ogawa, The Housekeeper and the Professor|Math has proven the existence of God, because it is absolute and without contradiction; but the devil must exist as well, because we cannot prove it
Steve Maraboli|Mindset fuels behavior... Great lives, great relationships, great businesses, and great love stories are cultivated from within.
Amanda Craig|Family is all politics. Everyone hates each other’s guts, if they’re honest… Most brothers and sisters try to top each other, given the chance; you always get the worst wars in countries with big families….People have kids because they go soft in the head, tarts especially. They forget what it’s like to be a kid themselves and want to remember through their own. They don’t want us, not real brand-new people who puke and criticise and tell them to bog off: they want their own frigging innocence back. They want to have their own lives back again, with the bad bits taken out. Quite frankly, they’d be better off with a dog.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|When unconscious storytelling becomes out default, we often keep tripping over the same issue, staying down when we fall, and having different versions of the same problem in our relationships--we've got the story on repeat. Burton explains that our brains like predictable storytelling. He writes, "In effect, well-oiled patterns of observation encourage our brains to compose a story that we expect to hear.
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|But it wasn't all bad. Sometimes things wasn't all bad. He used to come home easing into bed sometimes, not too drunk. I make out like I'm asleep, 'casue it's late, and he taken three dollars out of my pocketbook that morning or something. I hear him breathing, but I don't look around. I can see in my mind's eye his black arms thrown back behind his head, the muscles like a great big peach stones sanded down, with veins running like little swollen rivers down his arms. Without touching him I be feeling those ridges on the tips of my fingers. I sees the palms of his hands calloused to granite, and the long fingers curled up and still. I think about the thick, knotty hair on his chest, and the two big swells his breast muscles make. I want to rub my face hard in his chest and feel the hair cut my skin. I know just where the hair growth slacks out-just above his navel- and how it picks up again and spreads out. Maybe he'll shift a little, and his leg will touch me, or I feel his flank just graze my behind. I don't move even yet. Then he lift his head, turn over, and put his hand on my waist. If I don't move, he'll move his hand over to pull and knead my stomach. Soft and slow-like. I still don't move, because I don't want him to stop. I want to pretend sleep and have him keep rubbing my stomach. Then he will lean his head down and bite my tit. Then I don't want him to rub my stomach anymore. I want him to put his hand between my legs. I pretend to wake up, and turn to him, but not opening my legs. I want him to open them for me. He does, and I be soft and wet where his fingers are strong and hard. I be softer than I ever been before. All my strength in his hand. My brain curls up like wilted leaves. A funny, empty feeling is in my hands. I want to grab holt of something, so I hold his head. His mouth is under my chin. Then I don't want his hands between my legs no more, because I think I am softening away. I stretch my legs open, and he is on top of me. Too heavy to hold, too light not to. He puts his thing in me. In me. In me. I wrap my feet around his back so he can't get away. His face is next to mine. The bed springs sounds like them crickets used to back home. He puts his fingers in mine, and we stretches our arms outwise like Jesus on the cross. I hold tight. My fingers and my feet hold on tight, because everything else is going, going. I know he wants me to come first. But I can't. Not until he does. Not until I feel him loving me. Just me. Sinking into me. Not until I know that my flesh is all that be on his mind. That he couldnt stop if he had to. That he would die rather than take his thing our of me. Of me. Not until he has let go of all he has, and give it to me. To me. To me. When he does, I feel a power. I be strong, I be pretty, I be young. And then I wait. He shivers and tosses his head. Now I be strong enough, pretty enough, and young enough to let him make me come. I take my fingers out of his and put my hands on his behind. My legs drop back onto the bed. I don't make a noise, because the chil'ren might hear. I begin to feel those little bits of color floating up into me-deep in me. That streak of green from the june-bug light, the purple from the berries trickling along my thighs, Mama's lemonade yellow runs sweet in me. Then I feel like I'm laughing between my legs, and the laughing gets all mixed up with the colors, and I'm afraid I'll come, and afraid I won't. But I know I will. And I do. And it be rainbow all inside. And it lasts ad lasts and lasts. I want to thank him, but dont know how, so I pat him like you do a baby. He asks me if I'm all right. I say yes. He gets off me and lies down to sleep. I want to say something, but I don't. I don't want to take my mind offen the rainbow. I should get up and go to the toilet, but I don't. Besides Cholly is asleep with his leg thrown over me. I can't move and I don't want to.
Amir Levine & Rachel S.F. Heller, Attached: The New Science of Adult Attachment and How It Can Help You Find -- and Keep -- Love|We can honestly say that everyone we've known who has used effective communication has been grateful for it in the long run. Often, effective communication brings about huge relief by showing you just how strongly your partner feels about you -- and by strengthening the bond between you two. And even though in some instances the response may not be what you hoped for and you'll be convinced that you've ruined everything -- if only you had said or done something else, he would surely have come around -- we've never heard anyone say in retrospect that they regretted raising an important issue in a dating or relationship setting. In fact, they overwhelmingly express gratitude that effective communication got them that one step closer to their long-term goal of either finding the right person or strengthening their existing bond.
Gary M. Douglas, Salon Des Femmes: Conversations about women, men, sex, love, relationships, and becoming a pragmatist of femininity|Living is the act of continuous create moment by moment, day by day.
Lalah Delia|May you reach that level within, where you no longer allow your past or people with toxic intentions to negatively affect or condition you.
Stefan Zweig, Letter from an Unknown Woman and Other Stories|But you smiled at me and said consolingly, "People come back again.""Yes" I said, "they come back, but then they have forgotten".There must have been something odd, something passionate in the way I said that to you. For you rose to your feet as well and looked at me, affectionately and very surprised. You took me by the shoulders. "What's good is not forgotten; I will not forget you," you said, and as you did so you gazed intently at me as if to memorise my image.
Toffee, Finding Juliet|Being friendzoned is like standing near fire. You stand there to seek some warmth, but get burnt instead.
Lauren Graham, Someday, Someday, Maybe|Today, I would pick the person who made me feel warm, rather than the one who left me cold.
Harriet Lerner, The Dance Of Anger: A Woman's Guide to Changing the Patterns of Intimate Relationships|Don’t use “below-the-belt” tactics. These include: blam- ing, interpreting, diagnosing, labeling, analyzing, preaching, moralizing, ordering, warning, interrogating, ridiculing, and lecturing. Don’t put the other person down.
Anna Todd, After Ever Happy|Whatever the hell our souls are made of, they are the same.
Lucille Anderson|What is chemistry in a relationship, Really? Chemistry can be spontaneous combustion that excites, incites, often harms. But not understood. Chemistry can also be that which is studied, intentional, and knows how to be repeated and improved upon. Do you have the right chemistry?
Eknath Easwaran, The End of Sorrow|It is a very difficult secret to understand that when we do not want to possess another selfishly, he or she will always love us. It is when we do not want to possess, when we do not make demand after demand, that the relationship will last.
Joanna Gaines, The Magnolia Story|One pretty amazing thing we learned early on was that the more time we spent together, the better our relationship was.
Kambiz Shabankare|If you are in a relationship and you care more about what people think or say rather than what you have, you don't deserve that relationship, in fact you don't deserve to be in any relationship at all.
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|I don't understand my sudden obsession with staring at her, but i can't seem to stop.
Polkadot|In this world there are two types of people: the ones who hurt, and the ones who are hurt. But if we all claim to be the victims, then aren't we all the criminals too?
Saunsea, Contemplative Essays: Volume 1: Essays to inspire deep reflection about how we view our world.|True happiness is realized beyond circumstance. It is universal relationship, not centered or devoted or residing on other individual relationships we have. True happiness sees the actions of others as directly connected to who we ourselves are. It sees beyond individually separated relationships and is birthed from one great relationship with everything there is.
Miya Yamanouchi|If you notice yourself viewing a potential partner as a "work in progress", that's a sign to find someone else.
Eknath Easwaran|You occasionally hear it said that spiritual aspirants should drop everything and set off for the woods, or go to India and wander about on the slopes of the Himalayas. But only through daily contact with people--not trees or brooks or deer--can we train ourselves to be selfless in personal relationships.
Michael Holbrook, Sublimity's Treasure: A Tale of Peculiar Findings, Discovery, & Hope|In times of conflict, we’re all peers.
VaeEshia Ratcliff-Davis|If you keep thinking "you" can change someone, you could end up marrying a job you're not qualified for.
Lalah Delia|If you walked away from atoxic, negative, abusive,one-sided, dead-endlow vibrationalrelationship or friendship — you won.
Julie   Johnson, The Monday Girl|A boy made of stardust and selfishness; a girl filled with fire and fury at the world. We are a tangle of emotional wreckage, two broken messes thrown together, trying to navigate something we can barely comprehend.
Abhijit Naskar, The Art of Neuroscience in Everything|A fulfilling long-term relationship is not accomplished by just finding the one. It is rather a co-operation between two passionate and highly motivated partners working together, figuring out every single situation holding hands. If there is trust at the root of the relationship, if the partners make an effort to keep it interesting, if difficulties are handled tactfully and if you can appreciate every single deed of your partner no matter how insignificant it is, the flames of love would never burn out and your love can truly live happily ever after.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Compatibility doesn't determine the fate of a marriage, how you deal with the incompatibilities, does.
Simone de Beauvoir, Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter|If I were to share Jaques' existence I would find it hard to hold my own against him, for already I found his nihilism contagious.
Steve Maraboli|They said, "You'll never find someone like me again!" I thanked them for wishing me well.
Steve Maraboli|If you love someone...feel it, speak it, show it, be it.If you don't feel inspired to show your love in this multidimensional manner...be kind enough to let them go...so they can find someone who will.
Steve Maraboli|Don't be fooled... If they gossip to you, they'll gossip about you.
James Hauenstein|The Dictionary defines Soul Mate as: A person who is perfectly suited to another in temperament. Before I met mine, I didn't know I was bonkers!
Simone de Beauvoir, Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter|Jaques was only what he was; but from a distance he became something more, became everything to me, everything I did not possess. It was to him I owed pains and pleasures whose violence alone saved me from the deserts of boredom in which I found myself bogged down.
Nikita Dudani|When you feel that a relationship is not same as it was and it is lacking the old charm, love, and magic - give it some space. We often complicate things by wondering how to fix it. At times, just some space and unsaid love can heal even those wounds that are deeply engraved.
Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney, The Nest|This was the part she hated, the part of a relationship that always nudged her to bail, the part where someone else’s misery or expectations or neediness crept into her carefully prescribed world. It was such a burden, other people’s lives. She did love Leo. She’d loved him in a host of different ways at different times in their lives, and she did want whatever their current thing was to continue. Probably. But she always came back to this: She was so much better at being alone; being alone came more naturally to her. She led a life of deliberate solitude, and if occasional loneliness crept in, she knew how to work her way out of that particular divot.
Ken Follett, Winter of the World|I think there are two kinds of marriage," Ethel said thoughtfully. "One is a comfortable partnership, where two people share the same hopes and fears, raise children as a team, and give each other comfort and help." She was talking about herself and Bernie, Daisy realized. "The other is a wild passion, madness and joy and sex, possibly with someone completely unsuitable, maybe someone you don't admire or don't even really like." She was thinking about her affair with Fitz, Daisy felt sure. She held her breath: she knew Ethel was now telling her the raw truth. "I've been lucky. I've had both," Ethel said. "And here's my advice to you. If you get the chance of the mad kind of love, grab it with both hands, and to hell with the consequences.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|The apartment is a laboratory in which we conduct experiments, perform research on each other. We discover Henry hates it when I absentmindedly click my spoon against my teeth while reading the paper at breakfast. We agree that it is okay for me to listen to Joni Mitchell and it is okay for Henry to listen to the Shaggs as long as the other person isn't around. We figure out that Henry should do all the cooking and I should be in charge of laundry and neither of us is willing to vacuum so we hire a cleaning service.
Steve Maraboli|Dads, no matter your relationship with your kid’s mom, honor her this weekend. Mother’s Day isn’t about you or drama. It’s about her and her impact on your ids. Be grateful. Celebrate her… and if you can’t get out of your own way, do it for your kids.
Kaori Ekuni, Twinkle Twinkle|To be perfectly honest with you, I think it's reckless to love and trust another person. It's clearly foolhardy.I'd like it very much if the many daredevils who go ahead anyway, enjoyed this book.
Steve Maraboli|Sometimes we need someone to just listen. Not to try and fix anything or offer alternatives, but to just be there… to listen. An ear that listens can be medicine for a heart that hurts.
Steve Maraboli|Think about the people you love, appreciate, and admire… If today was the last day you could speak with them… What would you say… and what are you waiting for?
Darnell Lamont Walker|Because you thought love was just gonna be there. You weren't taught that it had to be made, it had to be mixed, kneaded, recycled. Over and over, you have to keep creating it. Over and over with everyone you love. Over and over.
Kamal Khanzada|If you can't do it today, You can not do it in your whole life! Do it NOW!
Steve Maraboli|Some people feed your ego, but starve your soul.
Timothy Joshua|Hold on, and dont put us on hold
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|This time, something different happens, though. It’s the daydreaming that does it. I’m doing the usualthing—imagining in tiny detail the entire course of the relationship, from first kiss, to bed, to moving intogether, to getting married (in the past I have even organized the track listing of the party tapes), to howpretty she’ll look when she’s pregnant, to names of children—until suddenly I realize that there’snothing left to actually, like, happen. I’ve done it all, lived through the whole relationship in my head.I’ve watched the film on fast-forward; I know the whole plot, the ending, all the good bit. Now I’ve gotto rewind and watch it all over again in real time, and where’s the fun in that?And fucking … when’s it all going to fucking stop? I’m going to jump from rock to rock for the rest ofmy life until there aren’t any rocks left? I’m going to run each time I get itchy feet? Because I get themabout once a quarter, along with the utilities bills. More than that, even, during British Summer Time.I’ve been thinking with my guts since I was fourteen years old, and frankly speaking, between you andme, I have come to the conclusion that my guts have shit for brains.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|All through their relationship, Harry was the one in charge, Harry was the one who gave them direction. This wasn’t because Harry was smarter or even better at it than Craig was; it just meant more to him, to be in control. And Craig didn’t really care, so he ceded it away. He liked not being responsible all the time.Complacency. Craig realizes now that this was complacency. One of the reasons he liked the sound of Harry’s voice was because it meant he didn’t have to use his own. But eventually this strategy backfired. Eventually Harry realized what was happening, and didn’t feel right about it. He wanted Craig to fight a little more, but by the time Craig started fighting for them to stay together, he had already lost.
Ian McEwan, Nutshell|However close you get to others, you can never get inside them, even when you're inside them.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes, you can be more than enough for someone, but they choose not to be in your life. Always remember that Satan works hard to keep people miserable by feeding their fears, so they stay in their comfort zone. The truth is some people value what is predictable, more than chemistry.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|She had accepted him as he was and had spared him a great deal of loneliness. He had been unfair: while his imagination and vanity had given her too much importance, his pride had given her too little. He discovered the cruel paradox by which we always deceive ourselves twice about the people we love - first to their advantage, then to their disadvantage.
pooja bagul|With you life is wonderful,with out you its unbearable
Ingeborg Bachmann, Malina|There are people who think that Malina and I are married. We never considered that we might be married, that such a possibility could exist, nor even the idea that other people might think that we were married. For the longest time it never crossed our minds that, like other people, we appear as man and wife wherever we go. This was a complete surprise for us, but we had no idea what to make of it. We laughed a lot.
Steve Maraboli|Pay attention… How a person handles poor cell service, traffic, and spotty wifi is a good indicator of how they’ll behave during relationship challenges.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Truth be told, many couples spend more time planning the wedding and the honeymoon than they do preparing for the marriage.
Erika Swyler|She'd started swimming early in the morning, when the kids were asleep, when she thought he was asleep. She didn't know her absence woke him, that the shift in the bed was an earthquake. When she climbed back in, she smelled like salt and seaweed. Sometimes her hair would still be knotted on top of her head. She tried to keep it dry. She didn't want him to know. The problem with marrying the mermaid girl from the carnival was knowing that one day she'd swim away.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Turbulence during a relationship does not mean its core, foundation and essence changes. Couples will run into obstacles. The challenge may knock the wind out of them, but it does not have to cripple their resolve. Both people must trust that on the other side of crisis still exist the qualities you appreciate.
Erika Swyler, The Mermaid Girl: A Story|The problem with stealing the magician's assistant from a carnival was that you were always waiting for her to disappear. He expected her to vanish. She had in fact, multiple times, before Simon was born, and just after, too. ...Daniel wanted to be worried for, wanted to be missed without doing any of the leaving that missing demanded. When Paulina left, he counted breaths, and thought constantly of the disappearing box. The reappearing was the most important part of the trick. Eventually he stopped living in fear that she wouldn't come back. The more pressing concern was that she was cutting herself in two.
August Wilson, Gem of the Ocean|Black Mary: Leroy. And John. And Cujoe. And Sam. And Robert. One after the other they come and they go. You can't hold on to none of them. They slip right through your hands. They use you up and you can't hold them. They all the time taking till it's gone. They ain't tried to put nothing to it. They ain't got nothing in their hand. They ain't got nothing to add to it. They too busy taking. They taking 'cause they need. You can't blame them for that. They so full of their needs they can't see you. Now here you come. You don't even know what you need. All you see is a woman. You can't see nothing else. You can't think nothing else. That blinds you. (Black Mary turns to him. A new thought occurs to her.)Okay, Mr. Citizen. I'll come to your room tonight. But the morning got to come, Mr. Citizen. What you got then? You tell me tomorrow. You wake up and look at your hands and see what you got. Citizen: I got me. That's all there is. Black Mary: That ain't never gonna be enough.
Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney, The Nest|They’d fallen into their old ways, accusatory and evasive, which was reassuring in a perverted way. Leo understood the nasty pull of the regrettable familiar, how the old grooves could be so much more satisfying than the looming unknown. It’s addicts stayed addicts.
pooja bagul|i ll always love yo till the core ,
Wesley Stace, Misfortune|I had tried, as best I could, to forget the people who had said they loved me, and I had been able to do so only by replacing their memory with hatred for them and their crimes. Time is no healer. It scabs the wound until the injury is forgotten, but the infection festers, eating away, spreading.
Kevin J. Donaldson|To find love, give love first.
Karen Witemeyer, To Win Her Heart|Dear God, I don't want my fear to be a barrier to the blessings you are trying to bestow. Cast out my fear, and help me to trust your perfect love. But also grant me a full measure of wisdom. Do not let me be led astray by my own desires. If it is not your will that I pursue a relationship with Levi, I pray that you will stop me. Make your message so clear that I cannot argue it away. Protect me, Lord, and show me the way I should go.
Kate Douglas Wiggin, The Bird's Christmas Carol|It is very funny, but you do not always have to see people to love them. Just think about it, and tell me if it isn't so.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|He doesn't know this now, but in the years to come he will, again and again, test Harold's claims of devotion, will throw himself against his promises to see how steadfast they are. He won't even be conscious that he's doing this. But he will do it anyway, because part of him will never believe Harold and Julia; as much as he wants to, as much as he thinks he does, he won't, and he will always be convinced that they will eventually tire of him, that they will one day regret their involvement with him. And so he will challenge them, because when their relationship inevitably ends, he will be able to look back and know for certain that he caused it, and not only that, but the specific incident that caused it, and he will never have to wonder, or worry, about what he did wrong, or what he could have done better. But that is in the future. For now, his happiness is flawless.
Wade Davis, Into the Silence: The Great War, Mallory and the Conquest of Everest|They brought their whole intellectual energy to bear on their relationships; they wanted to know not only that they loved people but how and why they loved them, to understand the mechanism of their likings, the springs that prompted thought and emotion; to come to terms with themselves and with one another; to know where they were going and why.
Martin M. Stupak|Make the best of the time you have left, live like there is no tomorrow.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|Every incident chips away at your limit. Every time you choose to stay, it makes the next time that much harder to leave. Eventually, you lose sight of your limit altogether, because you start to think, ‘I’ve lasted five years now. What’s five more?
Shannon L. Alder|The right man in your life will fly across the world to say hello, instead of saying goodbye.
Stephanie Lahart|Don’t ruin your life over somebody else’s foolishness. If they want to leave, let them leave! Manipulating, begging, or coercing someone to stay with you is an insult to SELF. Have confidence in yourself! Know your worth! Take a stand for YOU. You deserve to be loved, respected, and appreciated by someone who’s genuinely in love with you. It may hurt to let go, but trying to force someone to stay with you is more damaging than you realize. It’s VERY unhealthy. Set Yourself Free! Be a Priority to Yourself!
Maria Elena, Eternal Youth|All I want to do is be at Hogwarts with you, eating turkey legs in the great hall while listening to the carols of the ghosts gliding past us. Then maybe we can go to Hogsmeade to get a butterbeer.
Stephanie Lahart|So, you want to be in a relationship and you’re tired of being single, right? But let me ask you an important question: Do you have a healthy relationship with yourself? I get it! Everybody wants to be in love and feel loved, but trust me, SELF-LOVE is far more important. How is YOUR mind, YOUR body, YOUR spirit? Listen, it’s okay to be single! You may not want to be single, but sometimes it’s best. Learn to commit to yourself, first. Be good to yourself, take care of yourself, and love yourself! You’ve got to like and love who YOU are before you can give your very best to that special someone. Don’t be in a rush and don’t be desperate. Work on yourself first and be at peace.
Manuel Corazzari|We were not placed on an empty island for a reason, we were placed into communities to BUILD RELATIONSHIPS and Help ONE ANOTHER!
Piper Payne, White Lies|I watched him with wonder like the stars watch the moon, falling in love with every crescent, dark side, and dream.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Those who can truly love, they’re like candles; they don’t mind sacrificing themselves for the sake of love. But the rest of us are candle holders. We love and appreciate the light of love, but are too afraid to burn ourselves down to light up someone else’s life.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Why, when two people start living together, do they end up hurting each other so much? Maybe that’s an indication that too much of anything isn’t good.
Maria Elena, Eternal Youth|If you are the land, then I am the sea. I don't need you and you don't need me.
Marina Keegan, The Opposite of Loneliness: Essays and Stories|The biggest fight in my relationship with Danny regards his absurd claim that he invited the popular middle school phenomenon of saying "cha-cha-cha" after each phrase of the Happy Birthday song- an idea his ingenious sixth-grade brain allegedly spawned in a New Jersey Chuck E. Cheese and watched spread across 1993 America with an unprecedented rapidity.
Elisa Marie Hopkins, Brilliant Cut|If I could do it all over again, I'd probably still leave. Except, this time, I would hold you closer, tighter, longer. I would kiss you a thousand more times, tell you I love you ten thousand more times, have sex with you one million more times. I didn't get it right the first time when you were mine. If I could it all over again, I would value your trust, stand by your actions, and never take score...even though I'm totally winning. So if you can just find it in your heart to shut the hell up and love me, I swear with every fiber of my being that I will spend every possible minute loving you." A smile that flirts with cruelty lifts on his mouth. "Your move. I'm wearing to many clothes.
Elisa Marie Hopkins, Brilliant Cut|Sometimes you get this look in your eyes, like you've just realized I'm edible.""Well, I like looking at you." He angles his head. "Do you know what else I like? I like your thoughts, your imperfections, your lips, your sarcasm, your explosions of anger, your intelligence, your strength of character. I like it all.
Heng Siok Tian|Inside a home you left me, a blue orphanage. Inside a bluish mosaic, space to live.
Phan Ming Yen|Aflame in black ecstasy, orders extinguished:after deathhow will I know my love was true,this sacrifice not an exercise in vanity?
Kemi Sogunle|Everyday, God shows us what love and compassion is about, through everything He created. We must learn to see beyond our differences and look deeper into our hearts. Everything in life will shape you, if you allow yourself embrace the truth...no matter how much it hurts. The truth is associated with love and love is all we need.
Mindy McGinnis, The Female of the Species|Newness wears off.This is something I’ve learned about relationships. I’ve had more than a few run their course, the idiosyncrasies that were once endearing becoming annoying, the jump of my heart into my throat at the sight of her lessening to a skip, then a pause, then the bare recognition that at some point slips into dread, and you know it’s time to end it.It’s different with Alex. The newness might have faded, which is inevitable, but it’s grown into something better. The panic of not being able to come up with something to say to her has settled into the comfort of companionable silence, my hand resting on her knee, or her head on my chest. The frantic need to be near her and know how she feels has morphed into an almost pleasant ache of missing her when she’s not with me, because I know we’ll be together again.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, Zaki's Save Me|Break up of some relation sometime don't just break connection between two person,for some one it can be disconnection with his soul.and the disconnect between body and soul its mean death of a person
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|Tell me something that only I will ever know, was perhaps what she wanted to ask him, or, What will you remember me by? - or even, Nothing of the least importance has ever belonged to me; can you help?
Love, Life, and Logic|Sorry’ is, indeed, one of the most difficult and most powerful words in the English language, provided one can feel and say it at the same time. It’s difficult because you sincerely need to feel the pain of the other person and rise above your ego to say it; it’s powerful because you overwhelm the other with the opposite reaction of what they were expecting.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Like we all sync our watches every year, at the start and at the end of daylight saving time, we also need to sync our relationships once in a while.
Mohamemd Zaki Ansari|Addiction of Narcotics and Addiction of flirt are same,person cant give up Narcotics Addiction neither Flirting Addiction,Doesn't matter,its destroyed self character or all relations.For this Both Addiction person can left all anything,but impossible to leave it. But mind it.Flirting Addiction is more dangerous then narcotics because Narcotics Kills Self and Flirting Addiction Kills Another someone.
Stephan Labossiere, He Who Finds A Wife: A Man's Guide To Finding The Woman & Love He Desires|A man of God doesn't lead a woman through dictatorship, he leads her through a partnership guided by God.
Mango Wodzak, Destination Eden|Who you are and what you experience is based upon the choices you make. It's not your parents, your past relationships, your job, the economy, the book you read, what someone said, the weather, an argument, nor your age, that are to blame (or credit!). You, and only you, are responsible for every decision and choice you make. Period.
Jasz Gill|There are many places you need to be, but there is nowhere to reach. There are many people you need to see but no one to meet. And there are many contacts in your phone but no one to talk. There are many masks in your closet but no face to please.
Mai Al-Nakib, The Hidden Light of Objects|Meredith was good, so incredibly good, and Charles had fallen, without fireworks, for that goodness. But goodness did not transfer. Being with someone good does not make you good. This it would take years for Charles to comprehend.
Becky Chambers|Nobody should be alone," Sissix said. "Being alone and untouched...there's no punishment worse than that. And she's done nothing wrong. She's just different.
William Boyd, Waiting for Sunrise|The wounded, the incomplete, the unbalanced, the malfunctioning, the ill seek each other out: like attracted to like.
Seekerohan, Caged: The Price of Pride|No love is lost; unless we try, to make it last forever.
Adam Kirk Smith|In relationships, always strive to give more than you take -- that's how you make a bigger impact.
Love, Life, and Logic|By holding hands a couple can always say a lot of things they couldn’t have otherwise said in a public place. Among a million people, they can touch and tickle each other at their most intimate places: their hearts.
Josh Hatcher, Manlihood: The 12 Pillars of Masculinity|Do not let your boss, your spouse, your kids, your neighbors, or anyone push you around or walk all over you. This does not mean you need to be a butt-hole - but you may need to draw some clear lines for the people in your life. Want to do it right? Communicate expectations clearly, and consistently. People cannot treat you the way you want them to treat you unless you tell them HOW to treat you.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|My Aunt Helen was my favorite person in the whole world. She was my mom’s sister. She got straight A’s when she was a teenager and she used to give me books to read. My father said that the books were a little too old for me, but I liked them so he just shrugged and let me read.
J.D.  Jordan, Calamity: Being an Account of Calamity Jane and Her Gunslinging Green Man|I appreciate your thinking on me, marshal, but ain’t no trouble of his what ain’t trouble of mine, too.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|Between any two beings there is a unique, uncrossable distance, an unenterable sanctuary. Sometimes it takes the shape of aloneness. Sometimes it takes the shape of love.
Miya Yamanouchi|An abuser isn't abusive 24/7. They usually demonstrate positive character traits most of the time. That's what makes the abuse so confusing when it happens, and what makes leaving so much more difficult.
Charles Bukowski, Love Is a Dog from Hell|people need me. I fillthem. if they can't see mefor awhile the get desperate, they getsick.but if I see them too oftenI get sick. it's hard to feedwithout getting fed.
Vironika Tugaleva|Sometimes love doesn't look like what we think it should look like. Sometimes it's paradoxical. Sometimes we have to step outside our comfort zone. Sometimes we have to be more honest than we thought we'd ever have to be or more supportive than we are taught is appropriate. When we traverse those boundaries, that's when we really understand what this whole love thing is all about. We become more than just human. We become part of the giant, beautiful ever-changing reality of life. By loving without limits, we become wise, strong, and beautiful. We become more of what we already are.
Elise Kova, Crystal Crowned|Because our love is more than something I can wear. Our time is far greater than what can be counted by two hands and some numbers. Because, even without it, I still have you.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Real relationships are the product of time spent, which is why so many of us have so few of them.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Vulnerability creates unimaginable space to build each other up, as much as it creates ample room to tear each other down.
Daniel Handler, Adverbs|No, when you love someone you spend hours and hours with them, and even the mightiest forces in the netherworld could not say whether the hours you spend increase your love or if you simply spend more hours with someone as your love increases.
Rebecca K. O'Connor, Lift|You can't forge a relationship with learned helplessness, you can only force one and it will always be tenuous. There is always the possibility the peregrine will rediscover the strength of his heart.
Pamela Cummins, Learn the Secret Language of Dreams|Loving and working relationships bring so much joy into our lives! We need to work on our relationships like a garden; toiling the soil for a solid foundation, planting the seeds to slowly grow into a flower, daily water and weeding to maintain growth, and making adjustments when the relationship is in full bloom. Sadly, there are times when the plot of land dries up, nothing will grow, and it’s time to move on. Our dreams of the nighttime can be used as maintenance in all our relationships.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|When he had promised himself that he wouldn't try to repair Jude, he had forgotten that to solve someone is to want to repair them: to diagnose a problem and then not try to fix that problem seemed not only neglectful but immoral.
Thomas Hardy, The Mayor of Casterbridge|The Scotchman seemed hardly the same Farfrae who had danced with her, and walked with her, in a delicate poise between love and friendship - that period in the history of a love when alone it can be said to be unalloyed with pain.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|The police are required to enforce the law in areas where they do not live, do not eat, do not go to the barbershop. They have no interaction with the people in that community except when they are called to resolve an issue. To bridge the gap we must establish relationships with the people and communities we serve. If we don’t we will continue to have biases that grow and fester and create deadly situations.
Jade Chang, The Wangs vs. the World|It's not that he was flirting, unless flirting was just about wanting to really see someone. People thought that someone like him — good-looking, young, cool clothes — was going to be dismissive, and when he wasn't, when he was just easy and open with them, they glowed. It was a feeling he tried to re-create a hundred times a day, in every interaction. It also calmed him. If he looked at someone and they looked at him and there was a true connection, no matter how brief, then it meant that he didn't need to replay the encounter anxiously afterwards, trying to find where it had all gone wrong.
Daniel Handler, Adverbs|He thought she knew what he meant, but the biggest mistake you can make is thinking they know what you mean.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Doing what you love, with those you love, is an adventurous type of success. The kind that can not be taken away, often discovered by those who have had much taken away, and saw it as an opportunity to re-access their path, and reset from the crucible of shared and beneficial dreams.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I cannot live without you. For to attempt to do so would be to rob both of us of each other, and that is thievery of the greatest sort.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What rubs off on me is hard to rub off. So, I’d better figure out what I rubbing up against.
Geraldine Solon, The Portrait|An artwork could always be restored and sold with no depreciated value―the cracks and tears provide more character, But when it comes to human emotions, how far could you stretch your heart to let go of the pain?
Tarang Sinha|It's easy to be with someone who is completely different from you, but difficult when that person holds starkly different opinions from you.
Akiroq Brost|If being in a relationship never causes you any grief, consider that maybe while you might physically be ‘in’ the relationship; mentally and emotionally you may have ‘checked out’ of the relationship. Relationships take an active presence in order to actually ‘be’ relationships. You can’t ‘care’ without caring and caring isn’t just for sunny days.
Luigina Sgarro|The cruelest thing is love that leads us to deal with the parts of ourselves that we do not want to see, and this is what, in fact, we do not forgive each other.
Jillian Keenan, Sex with Shakespeare: Here's Much to Do with Pain, but More with Love|Love is a country, with closed borders and a language no foreigner can speak. The only people who can understand its customs, traditions, and history are its citizens. A relationship doesn’t have to make sense to all people. It only has to make sense to two people.
Saif Samir|It is easy to hurt people when we do not filter our thoughts, when we do not choose our words, when we do not control the tone of voice and the body language.
Vironika Tugaleva|Sometimes, to love people, I must completely avoid them. Sometimes, to be strong, I must completely fall apart. Sometimes, to create, I must completely destroy.
Vironika Tugaleva|Loving yourself isn't just about celebrating your accomplishments and nurturing your talents. Those things are nice, sure. But that's not how we know others love us. We know others love us when they see us with our face on the ground, crying and weak, feeling like we've got nothing to offer the world—and they smile, and they reach out, and they love us anyway. Loving yourself is what you do when you fail, when you don't know, when you screw up, when you forget, when you lose everything. Loving yourself is what you do when you can't approve of what you've done. Loving yourself is what you do when you're not sure if it's going to get better. Loving yourself is what you must do in those moments when you can't like yourself. Real love is when you reach out for no good reason at all, except to love.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Convince people that you need them, and watch what they do.
Ken Liu, Mono no Aware|We are not defined by our individual loneliness, but by the web of relationships in which we’re enmeshed.
Vironika Tugaleva|If we learn to be responsible for our own emotions, thoughts, and needs, then we can see other people for who they are as opposed to what they can do for us.
Isabel Wilkerson, The Warmth of Other Suns: The Epic Story of America's Great Migration|From Louisiana, he followed the hyphens in the road that blurred together toward a faraway place, bridging unrelated things as hyphens do.
Melissa Bank, The Wonder Spot|Up until that moment, I'd been at the earliest stage of love, when you feel it will turn you into the person you want to be. Now, his gentle voice and sage advice took me to a later stage: I felt I needed to pretend to be a better person than I was so he'd keep loving me. This was hard because it made me hate him.
Yvonne Finn, Getting From Hello To Forever Together|For you born writer, nothing is so healing as the realization that he has come upon the right word"- Catherine Drinker Bowen
Mark Sisson, Primal Blueprint 21-Day Total Body Transformation: A Step-by-Step, Gene Reprogramming Action Plan|Strong personal relationships are characterised by an ability and willingness to do each other favors. Strive to put family first, then your social circle, and back off on efforts to be a social media superstar.
Helen Keller|Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.
George Bernard Shaw, Mrs. Warren's Profession|People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.
Eleanor Roosevelt|You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.
Bruce Lee, Striking Thoughts: Bruce Lee's Wisdom for Daily Living|Don't fear failure. — Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.
Denis Waitley|Time is an equal opportunity employer. Each human being has exactly the same number of hours and minutes every day. Rich people can't buy more hours. Scientists can't invent new minutes. And you can't save time to spend it on another day. Even so, time is amazingly fair and forgiving. No matter how much time you've wasted in the past, you still have an entire tomorrow.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|LAW 46Never Appear Too PerfectAppearing better than others is always dangerous, but most dangerous of all is to appear to have no faults or weaknesses. Envy creates silent enemies. It is smart to occasionally display defects, and admit to harmless vices, in order to deflect envy and appear more human and approachable. Only gods and the dead can seem perfect with impunity.
Sinclair Lewis|It is impossible to discourage the real writers - they don't give a damn what you say, they're going to write.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|When you concentrate your energy purposely on the future possibility that you aspire to realize, your energy is passed on to it and makes it attracted to you with a force stronger than the one you directed towards it.
Stephen Hawking|Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. It matters that you don't just give up.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen six, result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pound ought and six, result misery.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|We can't undo a single thing we have ever done, but we can make decisions today that propel us to the life we want and towards the healing we need.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf|The size of your dreams must always exceed your current capacity to achieve them. If your dreams do not scare you, they are not big enough.
Bill Watterson|At school, new ideas are thrust at you every day. Out in the world, you'll have to find your inner motivation to seek for new ideas on your own.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Manifesting is a lot like making a cake. The things needed are supplied by you, the mixing is done by your mind and the baking is done in the oven of the universe.
Epictetus, The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness|Now is the time to get serious about living your ideals. How long can you afford to put off who you really want to be? Your nobler self cannot wait any longer. Put your principles into practice – now. Stop the excuses and the procrastination. This is your life! You aren’t a child anymore. The sooner you set yourself to your spiritual program, the happier you will be. The longer you wait, the more you’ll be vulnerable to mediocrity and feel filled with shame and regret, because you know you are capable of better. From this instant on, vow to stop disappointing yourself. Separate yourself from the mob. Decide to be extraordinary and do what you need to do – now.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|‎By reacting from fear instead of responding from love, you inject poison directly into the veins of your relationship.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Protect your enthusiasm from the negativity and fear of others. Never decide to do nothing just because you can only do little. Do what you can. You would be surprised at what "little" acts have done for our world.
Sarah Caldwell|Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can, there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Look around you. Everything changes. Everything on this earth is in a continuous state of evolving, refining, improving, adapting, enhancing…changing. You were not put on this earth to remain stagnant.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Reading the Bible will help you get to know the word, but it’s when you put it down and live your life that you get to know the author.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|A very small percentage of the people in this world will actually experience and live today. So many people will be stuck on another day, another time that traumatized them and caused them to spiritually stutter so they miss out on this day.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|I hope you find true meaning, contentment, and passion in your life. I hope you navigate the difficult times and come out with greater strength and resolve. I hope you find whatever balance you seek with your eyes wide open. And I hope that you - yes, you - have the ambition to lean in to your career and run the world. Because the world needs you to change it.
Masashi Kishimoto|A smile is the best way to get oneself out of a tight spot, even if it is a fake one. Surprisingly enough, everyone takes it at face value. I read that in a book.""If you keep staring at me, I'll hit you.""I only became part of your team recently when I replaced Sasuke, so I don't know everything that's going on. I don't really understand people either. But even I can tell that Naruto really loves you. Naruto's been shouldering that promise for a long time...I think he means to shoulder it for the rest of his life. I don't know what you said to him, but it's just like what's been done to me - it feels like a curse. Sasuke causes Naruto pain, but I think you do too.""Sasuke is only helping spread his darkness across the world. Letting him live will only sow the seeds of another war. He's just another criminal now. Sasuke lost all hope of coming back when his group, Akatsuki, attacked our village. Your fellow Konoha shinobi would never accept him now. Sakura's not stupid, either. She understands the position he's put us all in. That's why she came out here, to tell you herself.
Jack Canfield|You don't have to get it perfect, you just have to get it going. Babies don't walk the first time they try, but eventually they get it right
Diana, Princess of Wales|Everyone of us needs to show how much we care for each other and, in the process, care for ourselves.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|When you do what you love, the seemingly impossible becomes simply challenging, the laborious becomes purposeful resistance, the difficult loses its edge and is trampled by your progress.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|How would your life be different if…You stopped focusing on what you didn’t want and started focusing on what you do want? Let today be the day…You establish a clear intent, make a plan, and take actions towards your intent.
Ann Richards|The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|The moment you become friends with your inner Self, you realize that the failures or hindrances that you met earlier were caused more by your disconnected status with your inner Being.
John Lubbock, Peace and Happiness|The whole value of solitude depends upon oneself; it may be a sanctuary or a prison, a haven of repose or a place of punishment, a heaven or a hell, as we ourselves make it.
Glenn Brandon Burke|If you do whatever it takes to accomplish your goals to live the life you desire, It will be worth it. I promise! But if you find some excuse to justify quitting your journey, you will regret it. This is also a promise!" -gbb
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|Therefore it is unnecessary for a prince to have all the good qualities I have enumerated, but it is very necessary to appear to have them. And I shall dare to say this also, that to have them and always to observe them is injurious, and that to appear to have them is useful; to appear merciful, faithful, humane, religious, upright, and to be so, but with a mind so framed that should you require not to be so, you may be able and know how to change to the opposite.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|The best way to succeed is to have a specific Intent, a clear Vision, a plan of Action, and the ability to maintain Clarity. Those are the Four Pillars of Success. It never fails!
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I promise you nothing is as chaotic as it seems. Nothing is worth diminishing your health. Nothing is worth poisoning yourself into stress, anxiety, and fear.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|If you intend to change, decide what you want and live your life accordingly.
Victoria Erickson|Although I deeply love oceans, deserts and other wild landscapes, it is only mountains that beckon me with that sort of painful magnetic pull to walk deeper and deeper into their beauty. They keep me continuously wanting to know more, feel more, see more.
Steve Maraboli, The Power of One|How would your life be different if...You were conscious about the food you ate, the people you surround yourself with, and the media you watch, listen to, or read? Let today be the day...You pay attention to what you feed your mind, your body, and your life. Create a nourishing environment conducive to your growth and well-being today.
Mark  Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life|Because when we give too many fucks, when we choose to give a fuck about everything, then we feel as though we are perpetually entitled to feel comfortable and happy at all times, that’s when life fucks us.
Franz Kafka, The Castle|If a man has his eyes bound, you can encourage him as much as you like to stare through the bandage, but he'll never see anything.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Don't be one of those who don't want others to be empowered. Share information. Try to make the next person, smarter.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Without desires and dreams, your thoughts do not matter and you can think whatever you want to.
Leo Buscaglia|Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest accomplishment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Henry Ford|If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
Edmund Hillary, High Adventure|You don't have to be a hero to accomplish great things---to compete. You can just be an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reach challenging goals.
Shannon L. Alder|The problem isn’t that I think so highly of myself. It is just that you think so little of yourself. Live life BIG, BOLD and OUT LOUD!
Zig Ziglar|It's not what you've got, it's what you use that makes a difference.
Brian Tracy, Focal Point: A Proven System to Simplify Your Life, Double Your Productivity, and Achieve All Your Goals|You are where you are and what you are because of yourself, nothing else. Nature is neutral. Nature doesn't care. If you do what other successful people do, you will enjoy the same results and rewards that they do. And if you don't, you won't.
Arnold Henry|Your limits are somewhere up there, waiting for you to reach beyond infinity.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Once we open our eyes to the infinite magic that the universe has in abundance, we are sure to be enthralled by what we see and this miraculous creation gets us closer to our dreams and to the world as a whole.
Jennifer DeLucy|We have come here together so that you might know, through virtue of your own pain, your own hopelessness, your own fear, your own darkness and the lie of powerlessness, the very actual power of your own will, of the will of your soul.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|It will be better to spent our energy on reality; the tangible facts, not thoughts of the past.
Mohammed Ali Bapir|Let your action manifest your thought, your belief and your passion.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|Being in home is like magic moments, in a magic world, among maicians
Robert Greene, The 33 Strategies of War|12--Lose Battles, But Win The War: Grand StrategyGrand strategy is the art of looking beyond the present battle and calculating ahead. Focus on your ultimate goal and plot to reach it.
Steve Maraboli, The Power of One|How would your life be different if...you began each day by thanking someone who has helped you? Let today be the day...You make it a point to show your gratitude to others. Send a letter or card, make a call, send a text or email, tell them in person...do whatever you have to do to let them know you appreciate them.
Phillip C. McGraw|Life’s a marathon, not a sprint.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Overcoming the Challenges of Life|Every challenge you encounter in life is a fork in the road. You have the choice to choose which way to go - backward, forward, breakdown or breakthrough.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Let today be the day that you become committed in being, in doing, in getting, achieving, in experiencing. Let today be the day that you are committed to being the change you wish to see and living the life you wish to live.
Lil Wayne|Prepared for the worst,but still praying for the best
Billy Joel|When the going gets tough, the tough get going
James P. Lewis, Working Together: 12 Principles for Achieving Excellence in Managing Projects, Teams, and Organizations|If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you always got.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|But if we are talking in terms of making progress in life, we must understand that "good enough" is very different from "best.
Stephen Richards, Boost Your Self Esteem|Whatever you lay your hands on, self-esteem is visible.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Once you feel nice about yourself, you have planted the first seed to develop self-confidence.
R. Buckminster Fuller|Something hit me very hard once, thinking about what one little man could do. Think of the Queen Mary — the whole ship goes by and then comes the rudder. And there's a tiny thing at the edge of the rudder called a trimtab.It's a miniature rudder. Just moving the little trim tab builds a low pressure that pulls the rudder around. Takes almost no effort at all. So I said that the little individual can be a trimtab. Society thinks it's going right by you, that it's left you altogether. But if you're doing dynamic things mentally, the fact is that you can just put your foot out like that and the whole big ship of state is going to go.So I said, call me Trimtab.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|I can’t help you, I can only guide you, and you are the one who can help yourself.
Stephen Richards, Boost Your Self Esteem|For us to regard others as worthy, we have to begin by regarding ourselves as worthy.
John Paul Warren|I must admit, that I have learned more from my negative experiences than I have ever learned from my positive one.
C. Nzingha Smith, Lust Have Recipes, Aphrodisiac Cookbook|Don't use yesterday's state of mind, to make today's decision.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|The future is greatly different than your life now, the actions that you take must also be greatly different. You cannot do the same thing and get something different.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|When someone who is suffering looks to you for compassion, it's indeed a blessing; you are chosen to be their Light in a moment of sorrow.
Jentezen Franklin, Believe That You Can: Moving with Faith and Tenacity to the Dream God Has Given You|We need to send our words out in the direction we want them to go. In other words, we need to start talking victory when we’re staring at defeat. We need to start talking healing when we’re feeling sick. We need to start blessing and prosperity when we don’t have anything. We need to speak about marching when we feel like quitting.
Jerome|The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.
John Muir, John Muir: His Life and Letters and Other Writings|Yet how hard most people work for mere dust and ashes and care, taking no thought of growing in knowledge and grace, never having time to get in sight of their own ignorance.
Kristin Armstrong|Do the things you used to talk about doing but never did. Know when to let go and when to hold on tight. Stop rushing. Don't be intimidated to say it like it is. Stop apologizing all the time. Learn to say no, so your yes has some oomph. Spend time with the friends who lift you up, and cut loose the ones who bring you down. Stop giving your power away. Be more concerned with being interested than being interesting. Be old enough to appreciate your freedom, and young enough to enjoy it. Finally know who you are.
Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls|You be as angry as you need to be," she said. "Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Not your grandma, not your dad, no one. And if you need to break things, then by God, you break them good and 
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|A Master Jedi feels emotions, but they do not allow them to influence their reasoning. Yoda told Luke that he would know the good from the bad when he was 'calm, at peace.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Certain situations need a Jedi-like approach. One of these is when you are in a strange environment, usually where you feel unsure of yourself. You would be surprised how, if you walk with confidence and meaning, people will see this as a mark of confidence, yet you are perhaps shaking inside but outwardly you have the gait of a confident Jedi Knight.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Overcoming the Challenges of Life|When something poses as obstacle to you,surmount it and use it as a miracle to move on to greater height.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|When in doubt, throw doubt out and have a little faith....
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Total Recall: My Unbelievably True Life Story|The difference between those who adapted and those who didn't, Gorton said, was a willingness to totally commit.
Leonardo da Vinci, Leonardo's Notebooks|If the painter wishes to see beauties that charm him, it lies in his power to create them, and if he wishes to see monstrosities that are frightful, ridiculous, or truly pitiable, he is lord and God thereof.
Stephen Richards|Jedi act with confidence, move with confidence, and breathe with confidence. Jedi possess a confident calmness in their looks, attitude andbehaviour.
Kelly A. Morgan|Changes are inevitable and not always controllable. What can be controlled is how you manage, react to and work through the change process.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Though money cannot acquire you happiness, it does not mean that both money and happiness cannot exist together.
Stephen Richards|Winning is great, but if it's not enough then then you'll never have enough!
Destiny Booze|The madder it makes you, the harder you need to laugh at it.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Your self-confidence is simply the part of your brain that tells you whether or not you should try something different or new or believe in yourself, and just as a Jedi truly believes that it is within their power to control their thoughts and stay in the Light, so can you.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|On the other hand, if the future is not the one you chose then you may have to use your willpower to obtain the future of your liking.
Jolene Stockman, Total Blueprint for World Domination|You’ve got one life, one shot, and all the power to make it happen. Get ready to dream big and live big. It’s all up to you. And it starts now.
Santosh Avvannavar|A cord that remains, always. in many ways...
Steven Aitchison|Most people know the physical senses, but a lot of people don’t know the soul’s senses: empathy, trust, intuition, love and harmony
Rae Carson, The Shadow Cats|One thing I have learned from many years of watching my father is that some people, the best ones, are motivated more by the chance to prove themselves than by a command to serve. It is the work itself that calls them onward, especially if they believe they are the only ones who can do it.
Nicole  Rae|When life's got you down, keep your head up... you can't see the ground anyway
Wally Lamb, She's Come Undone|If you want your prayers answered, get up off your knees and do something about them.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|In traveling, a companion, in life, compassion,'" she repeats, making sure of it. If she had paper and pencil, it wouldn't surprise me if she wrote it down. "So what does that really mean? In simple terms." I think it over. It takes me a while to gather my thoughts, but she waits patiently. "I think it means," I say, "that chance encounters are what keep us going. In simple terms.
Steve Maraboli, The Power of One|Today, you have the opportunity to transcend from a disempowered mindset of existence to an empowered reality of purpose-driven living. Today is a new day that has been handed to you for shaping. You have the tools, now get out there and create a masterpiece.
J.R.R. Tolkien|A great dread fell on him, as if he was awaiting the pronouncement of some doom that he had long foreseen and vainly hoped might after all never be spoken. An overwhelming longing to rest and remain at peace by Bilbo's side in Rivendell filled all his heart. At last with an effort he spoke, and wondered to hear his own words, as if some other will was using his small voice. "I will take the Ring," he said, "though I do not know the way.
Laura  Lynch, Mistakes Happen: An Historical Guide to Overcoming Adversity|I may not be where I want to be, but if I stop now, I'll NEVER get where I'm going!
Brad Alan Lewis, Assault on Lake Casitas|Pain? Yes, of course. Racing without pain is not racing. But the pleasure of being ahead outweighed the pain a million times over. To hell with the pain. What's six minutes of pain compared to the pain they're going to feel for the next six months or six decades. You never forget your wins and losses in this sport. YOU NEVER FORGET.
K.J. Parker, The Hammer|If the world is a book, are you the hero, or just a walk-on part?
Greg M. Epstein, Good Without God: What a Billion Nonreligious People Do Believe|We've also evolved the ability to simply 'pay it forward': I help you, somebody else will help me. I remember hearing a parable when I was younger, about a father who lifts his young son onto his back to carry him across a flooding river. 'When I am older,' said the boy to his father, 'I will carry you across this river as you now do for me.' 'No, you won't,' said the father stoically. 'When you are older you will have your own concerns. All I expect is that one day you will carry your own son across this river as I no do for you.' Cultivating this attitude is an important part of Humanism--to realize that life without God can be much more than a series of strict tit-for-tat transactions where you pay me and I pay you back. Learning to pay it forward can add a tremendous sense of meaning and dignity to our lives. Simply put, it feels good to give to others, whether we get back or not.
Brigid Schulte, Overwhelmed: Work, Love, and Play When No One Has the Time|What if not just women, but both men and women, worked smart, more flexible schedules? What if the workplace itself was more fluid than the rigid and narrow ladder to success of the ideal worker? And what if both men and women became responsible for raising children and managing the home, sharing work, love, and play? Could everyone then live whole lives?
Kathy Petrakis, Passion and Pain|All my life I've been fascinated by the precipice in all of us. When you come to it, you either choose to fall or you don’t --Alvin Ailey
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Stop comparing yourself with others. If they are good at something, you too are good at something else. Self-confidence is not measured by your own capabilities versus that of others, but by your own needs.
Karen Salmansohn|What if I told you 10 years from now your life would be exactly the same?Doubt you'd be happy.So, why are you afraid of change?
Susan Mallery, Sweet Trouble|You’re only responsible for yourself, Jess. And that’s the only person you can control. Other people will either get it or they won’t but you can’t define yourself by their opinions.
Stephen Richards, Boost Your Self Esteem|Acknowledgement is possession. When you acknowledge, think or have conviction in something, it actually will come true.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Then holding the star aloft and the bright sword advanced, Frodo, hobbit of the Shire, walked steadily down to meet the eyes.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|According to the Law of Attraction, the physical reality that you experience at present is drawn towards the future probability you desired when it attains more power.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Self-belief, also called self-efficacy, is the kind of feeling you have when you have, like a Jedi, mastered a particular kind of skill and with its help have been able to achieve your set goals.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado, Pursuing Your Destiny: How to Overcome Adversity and Achieve Your Dreams|Without adversity, there would be no growth, and without growth, there would be no lesson to be learned.
Charlie "Tremendous" Jones|Five years from today, you will be the same person that you are today, except for the books you read and the people you meet.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|But confining myself more to the particular, I say that a prince may be seen happy to-day and ruined to-morrow without having shown any change of disposition or character. This, I believe, arises firstly from causes that have already been discussed at length, namely, that the prince who relies entirely upon fortune is lost when it changes. I believe also that he will be successful who directs his actions according to the spirit of the times, and that he whose actions do not accord with the times will not be successful. Because men are seen, in affairs that lead to the end which every man has before him, namely, glory and riches, to get there by various methods; one with caution, another with haste; one by force, another by skill; one by patience, another by its opposite; and each one succeeds in reaching the goal by a different method. One can also see of two cautious men the one attain his end, the other fail; and similarly, two men by different observances are equally successful, the one being cautious, the other impetuous; all this arises from nothing else than whether or not they conform in their methods to the spirit of the times. This follows from what I have said, that two men working differently bring about the same effect, and of two working similarly, one attains his object and the other does not.
Jolene Stockman, Total Blueprint for World Domination|There is no real world, just the one you create.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|In the spiritual world many forms of the physical universe that are potentially effective can be perceived but with regard to time, we can observe only one form.
Deborah Day|Encourage, lift and strengthen one another. For the positive energy spread to one will be felt by us all. For we are connected, one and all.
Victoria Addino|Always strive to aim for the highest peak of the goals in life you have set, this way if you manage to reach even half way toward a goal, landing in the middle is not such a bad place to end up.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Limitations are like mirages created by your own mind. When you realise that limitation do not exist, those around you will also feel it and allow you inside their space.
Lama Surya Das|Taking the decision-making process away from people disempowers them. It also makes them much less likely to buy into the decision, however right it may be. One’s own conscience remains the ultimate arbiter.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|When you are drowned by your sorry state, and you feel as if you are carried away from the road that leads to your desires, you should know that you are the one responsible for being led away from the right path.
Lisa Scottoline, Killer Smile|If you can't be brave, be determined. And you'll end up in the same place.
Guideposts|Be mindful of the link between action and outcome. Ask yourself: If I repeat today's action 365 times, will I be where I want to be in a year?
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|For that reason, let a prince have the credit of conquering and holding his state, the means will always be considered honest, and he will be praised by everybody because the vulgar are always taken by what a thing seems to be and by what comes of it; and in the world there are only the vulgar, for the few find a place there only when the many have no ground to rest on.
Santosh Avvannavar|We often fail to see that there is an invisible wall in a relationship - Cord 10, In Between Us!
R.v.m.|You spend your TIME to make a DIME. You lose your HEALTH to make your WEALTH, but at the end it is FUNNY because you leave back all your MONEY.
Santosh Avvannavar|People often try to distinguish between personal and professional life, but they end failing - Cord 8 : Are we Computers?
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|If you take any step, no matter how small it is, towards achieving your dreams then you will surely find the right path and reach the abundance that lies in store for you.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Your core, lying deep within you, is what makes you what you are. Some call it the soul, the Higher Self, the true self, the being and so on. The name is unimportant once you realize that you are more than your looks and outward appearance.
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|With every challenge you face, there is an opportunity hidden that will lead you towards the path of wealth and abundance.
Stephen Richards, Boost Your Self Esteem|If someone does not consider those around them to be valuable and hold only themselves in high regard, they too have a very bad self-esteem.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Stop allowing your outdated ideas to hinder your progress. How would your life be different if you became open to new information that can refine, improve, enhance your way of thinking, and empower your way of living?
Stephen Richards, Boost Your Self Esteem|If we can acquire an attitude of self-belief, then we will surely determine our future actions and our future life opportunities.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|The Jedi is a practitioner of mind mastery. He realizes that whatever they are experiencing, they are creating and that they can change their lives in an instant by changing their thoughts, their focus and the way they are observing and engaging the energy of the world around them and the people who they’ve invited into their lives to play whatever roles they’ve chosen them to play.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Gone are the days when 19-inch biceps would once command respect. A Jedi doesn’t walk around with their arms flexed and with a thousand yard stare in their eyes. They walk with a good posture, their head held high and with a serious, yet friendly, look on their face.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Jedi are always assessing situations, actions and possibilities. Jedi don’t just think outside of the box with the help from the Force, they also adapt to situations outside of the box!
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Jedi are conversationalists and negotiators, bringing people together and solving problems. Jedi listen and feel to what others are saying.
John Paul Warren|There are two kinds of leaders, cowboys and Shepherds. Cowboys drive and Shepherds lead.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Humans, unlike Jedi, are powerfully afraid of rejection. We do not survive well alone, so humans as a species are especially vulnerable to thoughts that make us afraid the rest of the “tribe” will desert us to die a sad, lonely death.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|When you act on your beliefs, the realisation that happens is caused by you and this will in turn lead to a consequence.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Tap into ‘The Force’ and soon, at any given time that you need that extra shot of high octane confidence; you will soon be like a Jedi Master at this technique.
Dean Cumings|For young adults,the growth from silly to serious can be very fast, indeed.
Chetan Bhagat|I m human, I m not perfect. Although, I make mistakes all the time.
John Paul Warren|I have not learned a single lesson, been inspired or impacted by another person’s life void of negative experiences.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|Nothing is permanent in my mysterious world, even my moments of belief - Jenifer
R. N. Prasher|Like everything else, we know the futility of money only when we have more than enough of it.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Overcoming the Challenges of Life|The time is now, the person is you; better your life and become a name to conjure with in this day and age.
Henry Van Dyke|The Sun-Dial at Wells CollegeThe shadow by my finger castDivides the future from the past:Before it, sleeps the unborn hourIn darkness, and beyond thy power:Behind its unreturning line,The vanished hour, no longer thine:One hour alone is in thy hands,--The NOW on which the shadow stands. 
Destiny Booze|How far can your imagination take you? I don't know. That's up to you, but I think you should find out.
Sarah Wylie, All These Lives|Most people think the biggest sacrifice, the greates act of love you can give is to die for someone. And probably it is. But Sometimes it is the opposite. The biggest thing you can do for someone is to live.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The way you live your day is a sentence in the story of your life. Each day you make the choice whether the sentence ends with a period, question mark, or exclamation point.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|Instead of bracing yourself for the perils of the unknown, embrace the joy that is here, in your present moment.
John L. Parker Jr., Once a Runner|...Or we can blaze! Become legends in our own time, strike fear in the heart of mediocre talent everywhere! We can scald dogs, put records out of reach! Make the stands gasp as we blow into an unearthly kick from three hundred yards out! We can become God's own messengers delivering the dreaded scrolls! We can race dark Satan himself till he wheezes fiery cinders down the back straightaway....They'll speak our names in hushed tones, 'those guys are animals' they'll say! We can lay it on the line, bust a gut, show them a clean pair of heels. We can sprint the turn on a spring breeze and feel the winter leave our feet! We can, by God, let our demons loose and just wail on!
Belsebuub|Spirituality is for people. It’s not just for those who you might have read about in books, it’s for people.
James D. Maxon|Who should we be trying to make the most proud? Our family? Our friends? Our teachers or bosses? What about the one who molded us out of the earth itself, who formed us like clay, and instilled within us the very breath of life that shaped the universe?
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Success is within reach of all people, but you can grasp it only when you realise the power within you.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Circumstances, knowledge or birth do not determine the realisation of your desires. It is only you who are blocking the achievement of your dreams and goals.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|This inner Being is all powerful, intelligent, indestructible and a storehouse of knowledge and wisdom. This inner core is truly who and what you are and is perpetually trying to connect with your outward self.
Connor George Serbin|Just be happy that it is what it is and not what it could be because after all, it could always be worse
Heather Graham, Night Moves|Each man follows his own path - his own destiny, if you will. And only he is responsible for the choice.
Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace|We, as human beings, enjoy freedom of choice.Your attitude is your choice!
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|I conclude therefore that, fortune being changeful and mankind steadfast in their ways, so long as the two are in agreement men are successful, but unsuccessful when they fall out. For my part I consider that it is better to be adventurous than cautious, because fortune is a woman, and if you wish to keep her under it is necessary to beat and ill-use her; and it is seen that she allows herself to be mastered by the adventurous rather than by those who go to work more coldly. She is, therefore, always, woman-like, a lover of young men, because they are less cautious, more violent, and with more audacity command her.
Hannah Salwen, The Power of Half: One Family's Decision to Stop Taking and Start Giving Back|Everyone has too much of something, whether it’s time, talent or treasure. Everyone does have their own half, you just have to find it.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|I figure, sometimes, bad things happen to us so we can achieve a higher purpose and attain greater happiness and fulfillment in life.
Bill Walsh, The Score Takes Care of Itself: My Philosophy of Leadership|MY FIVE DOS FOR GETTING BACK INTO THE GAME: 1. Do expect defeat. It’s a given when the stakes are high and the competition is working ferociously to beat you. If you’re surprised when it happens, you’re dreaming; dreamers don’t last long. 2. Do force yourself to stop looking backward and dwelling on the professional “train wreck” you have just been in. It’s mental quicksand. 3. Do allow yourself appropriate recovery—grieving—time. You’ve been knocked senseless; give yourself a little time to recuperate. A keyword here is “little.” Don’t let it drag on. 4. Do tell yourself, “I am going to stand and fight again,” with the knowledge that often when things are at their worst you’re closer than you can imagine to success. Our Super Bowl victory arrived less than sixteen months after my “train wreck” in Miami. 5. Do begin planning for your next serious encounter. The smallest steps—plans—move you forward on the road to recovery. Focus on the fix. MY FIVE DON’TS: 1. Don’t ask, “Why me?” 2. Don’t expect sympathy. 3. Don’t bellyache. 4. Don’t keep accepting condolences. 5. Don’t blame others.
Akiroq Brost|It's simple: What you put in, is what you get out.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you dare take the challenge, you will possess the courage to conquer.
Asa Don Brown|Shame and blame should have no place in our body, mind, or spirit.
Jack Canfield, The Success Principles: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You Want to Be|If you get clear on the what, the how will be taken care of.
Paulo Coelho|I ask myself: Are Defeats necessary ?Well,necessary or not, they happen.When we first begin fighting for our dream, we've no experience and make many mistakes.The Secret of life, though,is to fall seven times and to get up eight times !
Ogwo David Emenike, You Are a Star|Holding on, holding out and holding fast when the going is tough constitutes a winning mindset.
Robert H. Schuller|Don't violate the law, but don't reject an idea because it's illegal. You might be able to get the law changed.
Honoree Corder, Tall Order! Seven Master Strategies to Organize Your Life and Double Your Success in Half the Time|If you are not able to see your goals, they will take longer to achieve, and sometimes “longer” is "never.
David Drake|Anytime you're afraid to try something new...just remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the titanic.
Stirling Moss|To achieve anything, you must be prepared to dabble on the boundary of disaster.
Dan Smee, Totally American: Harnessing the Dynamic Duo of Optimism and Resilience to Achieve Success|The “Warrior Ethos” emphasizes placing the mission first, not accepting defeat, and being disciplined physically and mentally. Why? Because an American Soldier is a “guardian of freedom and the American way of life.
Yasmina Khadra|Get a grip on yourself. there's only one god here on earth, and that's you. If you don't like the world, make one you like better.
Bill Strickland, Make the Impossible Possible: One Man's Crusade to Inspire Others to Dream Bigger and Achieve the Extraordinary|Trust your passion, identify your dreams, and find the courage to share them with others, no matter how many times they call you a fool.
Elizabeth von Arnim|Submission to what people call their 'lot' is simply ignoble. If your lot makes you cry and be wretched, get rid of it and take another.
Heather Graham, Night Moves|Along our chosen paths, we all meet up with demons. We must meet them, and battle them, even when they are nothing but mist in the night.
Genieve Dawkins|Great treasures bring out great greed in the hearts of men and great greed has been the downfall of many nations. - from "Opoponax Dreams
Joseph Stalin|...[I]ron discipline does not preclude but presupposes criticism and contest of opinion within the Party. Least of all does it mean that discipline must be 'blind'. On the contrary, iron discipline does not preclude but presupposes conscious and voluntary submission, for only conscious discipline can be truly iron discipline.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|For this reason a prince ought to take care that he never lets anything slip from his lips that is not replete with the above-named five qualities, that he may appear to him who sees and hears him altogether merciful, faithful, humane, upright, and religious. There is nothing more necessary to appear to have than this last quality, inasmuch as men judge generally more by the eye than by the hand, because it belongs to everybody to see you, to few to come in touch with you. Every one sees what you appear to be, few really know what you are, and those few dare not oppose themselves to the opinion of the many, who have the majesty of the state to defend them; and in the actions of all men, and especially of princes, which it is not prudent to challenge, one judges by the result.
Fannie Hurst|I'm not happy when I'm writing, but I'm more unhappy when I'm not.
Jude Morgan, Indiscretion|She sincerely wishes success, for her new life, and intends that no failure of effort, temper, or spirits on her part will jeopardise it.
David Sheff|... Gunpei Yokoi, asked his boss, 'What should I make?' Nintendo chief executive Hiroshi Yamauchi replied, 'Something great.'Game Over Nintendo's Battle to Dominate Videogames
Martin Luther King Jr., I Have a Dream: Writings and Speeches That Changed the World|We cannot walk alone. And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back.
